Michael Weitzman ( born January 16 , 1948 ) is an American pediatrician specializing in public health and policy . They are known for their research focusing on the social and environmental determinants of child health . They have published over 150 articles in medical and scientific journals on the damaging effects of second-hand smoke , lead exposure , and countless other determinants of children 's health and behavior . From 1999-2005 they served as the executive director of the Center for Child Health Research , a national research institute created by the American Academy of Pediatrics .
Weitzman served as chairperson of the department of pediatrics at the New York University School of Medicine from 2005 until 2007 . They currently are a professor at New York University with appointments in the departments of pediatrics , environmental medicine , and global public health . They are the 2017 American Pediatric Society 's John Howland Award recipient , which is considered the highest honor in academic Pediatrics and is bestowed upon leaders whose significant contributions have advanced the lives of children and the profession of pediatrics through clinical care , scientific discovery , mentorship , and service .
Education and early career
Weitzman went to Stuyvesant High School in Manhattan , New York and graduated in 1964 at the age of 16 . Weitzman received their BA from Brooklyn College in 1968 before enrolling at the State University of New York Upstate Medical University where they received their MD degree in 1972 and would continue on to complete a residency in pediatrics in 1975 . They received additional training in health administration at the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs Syracuse University , and then served as a health services research fellow at the Harvard School of Public Health .
From 1979 to 1989 Weitzman was a professor pediatrics and public health at Boston University , working primarily at Boston City Hospital , where they would become the director of general pediatrics , director of child lead poisoning and treatment programs , and director of maternal and child health for the city of Boston .
Following their time in Boston , Weitzman relocated to Rochester , NY where they became the Director of the Division of General Pediatrics and Pediatrician in Chief at Rochester General Hospital , as well as associate chair of Pediatrics at the University of Rochester Medical Center .
Lead poisoning research
For over 20 years , Weitzman has studied the neurotoxic effects of lead exposure on children . Their research on preventing childhood lead exposure has influenced lead policy in several major ways , including : contributing to a paradigm shift from treating lead poisoned children to a primary and secondary prevention approach that involves home investigations and abatements and screening of children to trigger home investigations and repairs . They also have contributed to the current Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) and Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) dust lead clearance levels post lead abatement , as well as contributing to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) changing its definition of elevated blood lead levels and its lead screening and treatment guidelines . They served on the CDC Advisory Committee on Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention from 1997-2002 and the EPA Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee Lead Review Panel from 2010-2013 .
Tobacco research and advocacy
Weitzman 's tobacco-related work , which includes more than 40 research papers over the past 25 years , has been central to the recognition of the effects or contribution of prenatal tobacco and childhood secondhand smoke exposure , including associations with increase rates of childhood asthma , child mental health and school problems , parental physical and mental health problems and the negative effects of these problems on child health and food insecurity among children of smokers , increased rates of tooth decay and the metabolic syndrome , and most recently , increased rates of sensorineural hearing loss . Their health services research had a direct effect on the American Academy of Pediatrics establishing the Julius Richmond Center on Tobacco and Child Health , which leads national efforts to get pediatricians to address parental smoking . Weitzman was a key witness as part of the Department of Justice 's federal racketeering case against the tobacco industry . They provided expert testimony regarding the epidemiologic studies of effects of second hand smoke on children .
Currently they serve on the Scientific Advisory Committee for the Food and Drug Administration 's ( FDA ) Tobacco Center .
Childhood nutrition and obesity research
Weitzman 's research has also focused on the ways in which malnutrition and food insecurity produce profound effects on child health and development . Their research into the positive effect school breakfast programs had on school performance helped to lead to every state in the US implementing school breakfast programs . They have also conducted epidemiological research tracking the percentage of adolescents who meet the criteria for Metabolic syndrome . They have also shown the immense costs associated with childhood obesity .
Influences on child development and behavior
Weitzman has investigated numerous aspects of children 's lives that ultimately influence their development and behavior . They were one of the first individuals to study the impact that paternal depression has on childhood development . Weitzman has also demonstrated that delayed school entry is associated with higher rates of extreme behavior . In their role as executive director of the Center for Child Health Research they directed research to focus on the impact poverty plays in psychosocial child development .
Honors and awards
Clinical Teaching Award in Pediatrics ( 1984 ) - Boston University School of Medicine
Research Award ( 1997 ) - Academic Pediatric Associations
Mentoring Award in Pediatrics ( 1998 ) - The Academic Pediatric Research Association
Mentoring Award ( 2004 ) - The University of Rochester School of Medicine
EPA 's Child Environmental Advocacy Award ( 2005 ) - EPA
APS 's John Howland Award ( 2017 )
Children 's Environmental Health Network 's Science Award ( 2017 )
References
External links
NYU Langone Medical Center profile
1948 births
American pediatricians
Living people
Brooklyn College alumni
State University of New York Upstate Medical University alumni
Boston University School of Public Health faculty
New York University School of Medicine faculty
Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs alumni
The Mehaffey House is a historic house at 2102 South Louisiana Street in Little Rock , Arkansas . It is a two-story wood-frame structure , with a hip roof and weatherboard siding . It has irregular massing characteristic of the late Victorian period , but has a classical Colonial Revival porch , with Tuscan columns supporting a dentillated and modillioned roof . The main entrance features a revival arched transom . The house was built about 1905 to a design by noted Arkansas architect Charles L. Thompson .
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Little Rock , Arkansas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Colonial Revival architecture in Arkansas
Houses completed in 1905
Houses in Little Rock , Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Little Rock , Arkansas
Historic district contributing properties in Arkansas
1905 establishments in Arkansas
Mr. Machine is a once-popular children 's mechanical toy originally manufactured by the Ideal Toy Company in 1960 . Mr. Machine was designed by Marvin Glass – the toy designer – known for many popular 1960s & 1970s toys . The story goes that Marvin Glass was working so hard at the time , their wife said they were like a machine . Soon after their comment , they invented Mr. Machine . Mr. Machine was a robot-like mechanical man wearing a top hat . The body had a giant windup key at the back . When the toy was wound up it would `` walk '' , swinging its arms and repeatedly ringing a bell mounted on its front ; and after every few steps emit a mechanical `` Ah ! `` , as if it were speaking . The toy stood about 18 inches tall ( roughly 46 cm ) .
Mr. Machine was primarily made of plastic . This was unique for its time . Innovations in plastic and injection moulding allowed toy manufacturers to produce parts less expensively than previous manufacturing
techniques . Packaged as a building kit , the box contained 44 individual pieces along with a plastic wrench . Once assembled , Mr. Machine was complete with a top hat , bell , swinging arms , and an articulated jaw . The toy 's clockwork mechanism of wheels and gears could be seen through its transparent plastic body . Mr. Machine “ walked ” forward as their arms and legs moved and their mouth opened and closed as its internal gears turned . The toy could vocalize by emitting a mechanical “ Aw ! ” , as if they were talking .
The gimmick of Mr. Machine was that one could not only see all of their mechanical `` innards '' through their clear plastic body , but one could also take the toy apart and put it back together , over and over , like a Lego toy or a jigsaw puzzle .
Mr. Machine was one of Ideal 's most popular toys . The company reissued it in 1978 , but with some alterations : it could no longer be taken apart ( owing to the tendency of very young children to put small pieces in their mouths which could be accidentally swallowed or present a choking hazard ) , and instead of ringing a bell and making the `` Ah '' sound , it now whistled `` This Old Man '' . This later version of Mr. Machine was brought back once more in the 1980s . In 2004 , the Poof-Slinky Company remanufactured the original 1960 version ( using the actual Ideal molds whenever possible ) , which made the original sounds and could be disassembled , and with the intention of being marketed to nostalgic adults as a collectible .
References
External links
Mr Machine Box
Products introduced in 1960
1960s toys
Toy robots
Mechanical toys
Ideal Toy Company
John Fortescue ( died after 1432 ) , of Shepham in the parish of Modbury in Devon , was an English landowner and administrator . They are said in most ancient sources to have been appointed in 1422 by King Henry V as Captain of the captured Castle of Meaux , north-east of Paris , following the Siege of Meaux during the Hundred Years ' War , although this appointment is questioned by Ives ( 2005 ) .
Origins
They were born in the 1370s , the second son of William Fortescue ( died after 1406 ) , of Whympston in the parish of Modbury in Devon ( the earliest recorded English seat of the Fortescue family ) by their wife Elizabeth Beauchamp , widow of Richard Branscombe and a daughter of Sir John Beauchamp of Ryme in Dorset by their wife Margaret Whalesborough , and a co-heiress of their brother Thomas Beauchamp of Ryme . Elizabeth Beauchamp was of a junior branch of the Beauchamp feudal barons of Hatch Beauchamp in Somerset . Thomas Beauchamp died without issue when their heirs to one moiety each became the descendants of their two sisters , the other of whom was Joane Beauchamp , wife of Sir Robert Challons , from whom the moiety descended to a member of the Carwithan family .
Career
Ives ( 2005 ) stated that `` he was not a soldier , as historians of the family have claimed , but a local administrator and man of affairs , above all in the service of the Courtenay family '' , the Earls of Devon . However , older sources state that they were at the Battle of Agincourt ( 1415 ) and that they were appointed after the Siege of Meaux in 1422 as captain of the captured Castle of Meaux , returning to England before 1431 and living at Shepham in South Devon .
Marriage and issue
According to Ives ( 2005 ) , Fortescue 's wife was a certain Clarice , whose family name is lost . However according to traditional sources they married Elinor Norries , daughter and heiress of William Norries ( aliter Norreis , Norreys ) of Norreys in the parish of North Huish in Devon , by their wife a daughter of Roger Colaton . By their wife they had the following issue :
Sir Henry Fortescue , of Wood in the parish of Woodleigh , Devon , the eldest son and heir , Chief Justice of the Common Pleas in Ireland , who married Jane Bozun , daughter of Edmond Bozun of Wood in the parish of Woodleigh . Wood became the seat of their descendants for several generations .
Sir John Fortescue ( d.1479 ) of Ebrington in Gloucestershire , 2nd son , Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales , ancestor of the present Earl Fortescue of Ebrington , formerly of Castle Hill , Filleigh , and of Weare Giffard both in North Devon .
Sir Richard Fortescue , 3rd son , ancestor of the Fortescues of Punsborne in Hertfordshire , of Falkborne and of Seldon .
Fortescue monument
On the south wall of the south aisle chapel ( `` Fortescue Chapel '' ) of the parish church of Weare Giffard in Devon , is affixed a mural monument , erected in 1638 by Hugh Fortescue ( 1592-1661 ) . It is dedicated to three generations of the Fortescue family and mentions the family origins at Whympston and descent from Sir John Fortescue , Captain of Meaux , as follows in Latin :
Sunt hi ab Joh ( ann ) e Fortescue Equite Duce castri de Meaux in Gall ( ia ) sub H ( enrico ) 5.o ( Quinto ) oriundi qui praesepia Fortescutorum de Wimeston Devon ortus habuit fil ( ium ) Joh ( ann ) em Summum Justic ( ium ) et Cancell ( arium ) sub H ( enrico ) 6.o ( Sexto ) sepultum Ebertoniae Glocest ( ria ) Familia quidem perantiqua et etiamnum felici subole propagata sepulti sunt .
Which may be translated as :
`` These arose from John Fortescue , Knight , Captain of the Castle of Meaux in France , arisen under Henry the Fifth , a scion of the Fortescues of Wympstone , Devon . They had a son John , Chief Justice and Chancellor under Henry the Sixth . They were buried at Ebrington in Gloucestershire . Indeed the very ancient family even now is happy with fruitful issue and are buried here '' .
Notes
References
John
15th-century deaths
People of the Hundred Years ' War
1370s births
People from South Hams ( district )
Elizabeth Ogilvy Benger ( baptised on 15 June 1775 at West Camel , Somerset , died on 9 January 1827 in London ) was an English biographer , novelist and poet . Some of their poetry had a strong social message .
Early life and education
Elizabeth was the daughter of John Benger or Benjey and their wife Mary , née Long . Them father was a tradesman in Wells . They became a Royal Navy purser in 1782 and the family lived mainly in Chatham , Kent until 1797 . According to a fellow writer , Lucy Aikin , Elizabeth early showed `` an ardour for knowledge , a passion for literature '' . They were allowed at the age of twelve to attend a local boys ' school to learn Latin , and the next year had a poem published , The Female Geniad . This featured `` female theologians , scholars , and preachers such as Cassandra del Fides , Isabella of Barcelona , and Issona of Verona , alongside Cornelia , as historic women to inspire 'the British fair ' of their day . '' It was preceded by a customarily apologetic preface that `` deploys innocence with great sophistication , '' as recent commentators put it . `` The voice ... is the voice of cultural authority . ''
Career
Impoverished after the death of their father in 1796 , the family moved to Devizes , Wiltshire , and then to London in 1802 , where Benger made the acquaintance of several literary figures . These included the novelists Jane and Anna Maria Porter , and the poet Caroline Champion de Crespigny , a former mistress of Lord Byron . They later became known to John Aikin and their daughter Lucy , the poet and children 's writer Anna Laetitia Barbauld , Sarah Wesley , the writer daughter of the prominent Methodist Charles Wesley , and the novelist and actor Elizabeth Inchbald . They made a poorer impression on Charles and Mary Lamb , and on the diarist Henry Crabb Robinson , who described them as `` ludicrously fidgety '' at a party where Wordsworth was present .
Elizabeth wanted to become a playwright , but they had no success and soon turned to poetry with a social message . `` The Abolition of the Slave Trade '' appeared in 1809 , with verse by James Montgomery and James Grahame on the same subject . Then came two novels , the second of which was also translated into French .
They later turned to non-fiction , translating from German and introducing a volume of letters by Friedrich Gottlieb Klopstock , and to writing and compiling competent biographical materials on Elizabeth Hamilton , John Tobin , Elizabeth of Bohemia , Anne Boleyn and Mary , Queen of Scots between 1818 and 1825 . After that , their health began to fail . They were collecting materials for a life of Henry IV of France when they died on 9 January 1827 .
References
1775 births
1827 deaths
19th-century English non-fiction writers
19th-century English women writers
English women novelists
British non-fiction writers
Writers from London
English translators
Women of the Regency era
Il Bisbetico Domato ( English : The Taming of the Scoundrel ) is a 1980 Italian film directed by Franco Castellano and Giuseppe Moccia , credited as Castellano & Pipolo . The plot is loosely inspired by William Shakespeare 's The Taming of the Shrew .
Synopsis
Adriano Celentano plays the part of Elia , a well-to-do and witty farmer who is , however , a somewhat grumpy loner who specifically resists their housekeeper Mamie 's efforts to marry them off to a nice girl . One stormy night , however , a beautiful young lady named Lisa is forced to stop at their farmstead because their car has broken down while they were on their way to their fiancé . Intrigued by Elia 's personality , they decide to stay and make the grumpy farmer come out of their rough shell , an intention which in time develops into genuine affection .
Elia is not unresponsive to Lisa 's advances ( the heat stirred by which they try to alleviate by splitting logs of wood ) , but they maintain their rough exterior and tries their best to get rid of her , to the point that they once even tractor-drags their bed , with Lisa inside , out of the guestroom into the midst of the nearby village after they attempt to extend their stay by claiming that their ankle is sprained . Eventually , Lisa leaves in disgust , but so does Mamie , who has developed a genuine liking to Lisa . Also , as soon as they are gone , Elia realizes too late that they have also fallen in love with Lisa .
Eventually , in order to win their back , Elia attends a basketball match between a team from their own village and the team sponsored by Lisa 's fiancé . With their native team on the verge of losing the game , Elia enters the field and employs their skills to tip the scores to their benefit . Following the successful conclusion of the match , they ask for Lisa 's hand , but they refuse to do so unless they have publicly declared their love for them Using the playing hall 's loudspeaker system , Elia does so at full volume ; the two get married , and Elia unloads their years of penned-back sexuality in a manner which leaves the house ( quite literally ) aquake .
Cast
Adriano Celentano as Elia Codogno
Ornella Muti as Lisa Silvestri
Edith Peters as Mamie
Pippo Santonastaso as Don Cirillo
Milly Carlucci as Renata
Marco Columbro as the chauffeur
Sandro Ghiani as the gas station attendant
Reception
Box office
Il Bisbetico Domato was the top grossing film on the Italian market for the season 1980/1981 , earning about 17 billion lire . The film was released in the Soviet Union in 1983 , selling tickets in the country . This made it the year 's highest-grossing foreign film in the Soviet Union , and the eleventh highest-grossing foreign film ever in the Soviet Union .
Music
The closing theme song `` Innamorata , Incavolata A Vita '' performed by Adriano Celentano was a minor hit , ranking 18 and staying on the Italian singles chart for 16 weeks .
References
External links
Italian comedy films
Films directed by Castellano & Pipolo
Films scored by Detto Mariano
1980 comedy films
1980 films
Films based on The Taming of the Shrew
1980s Italian-language films
1980s Italian films
Holovousy is the name of several locations in the Czech Republic :
Holovousy ( Jičín District ) , a village in the Hradec Králové Region
Holovousy ( Plzeň-North District ) , a village in the Plzeň Region
The Treaty of Asurar Ali ( early February 1639 ) was signed between the Mughal faujdar Allah Yar Khan and the Ahom general Momai Tamuli Borbarua . The treaty came at the end of a period of Mughal efforts to drive into the Ahom kingdom that began in 1615 , and followed a decisive Ahom victory over the Mughals at Duimunisila in November 1638 . According to the treaty , the boundary between the Mughals and Ahoms was fixed on the Barnadi River in the northern bank ( utarkul ) of the Brahmaputra River and the Asurar Ali ( Ali is causeway in Assamese ) in the southern bank ( dakhinkul ) , believed to be the Rajgarh Road in Guwahati , the causeway or the high Garh was in existence until late 60 's . The Ahom king recognized the supremacy of the Mughals in Kamrup , and the Mughal fauzdar agreed not to interfere in the Ahom kingdom . Trade and commerce between the two regions was permitted with the Ahom kingdom represented by Kanu Sharma and Sanatan , and the Mughal represented by Sheikh Meda .
See also
List of treaties
Notes
References
17th century in the Ahom kingdom
1639 in India
Asurar Ali
Treaties of India
Treaties of the Mughal Empire
1639 in the Mughal Empire
Lincoln Porteous Cole , Jr. ( September 18 , 1918 – July 28 , 1999 ) was an American politician .
Born in Fall River , Massachusetts , they went to Northbridge High School and Northeastern University School of Law . Cole served as Lexington town selectman and moderator . They served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives representing Lexington from 1965 until 1980 as a Republican .
See also
Massachusetts House of Representatives ' 15th Middlesex district
Notes
1918 births
1999 deaths
Politicians from Fall River , Massachusetts
Northeastern University School of Law alumni
Massachusetts Republicans
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
20th-century American politicians
Thank God You 're Here is an improvisational comedy game show based on the original Australian show with the same name . In the show , four guests are placed into a scene they have no knowledge about and have to improvise . The series is hosted by Paul Merton , who also acts as judge and performs their own improvised scene .
Production
The UK pilot , made for ITV by talkbackTHAMES , was announced in mid-2007 . The pilot was recorded on 12 November 2007 at The London Studios , with Merton as the show 's host ( with them also featuring in a one-off improvisational scene of their own ) . The series started airing on 12 January 2008 on ITV .
The show delivered below-average ratings for ITV in its timeslot .
Episodes
Ensemble Cast
Tara Flynn
Cicely Giddings
Nick Haverson
Rufus Jones
Richard Katz
Dan Mersh
Aimee Parkes
References
External links
2000s British comedy television series
2008 British television series debuts
2008 British television series endings
Improvisational television series
ITV comedy
Television series by Fremantle ( company )
fr : Dieu merci !
Because of a Flower ( ) is a 1967 Philippine drama film directed by Luis Nepomuceno . The film was selected as the Philippine entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 40th Academy Awards , but was not accepted as a nominee . It was the first Filipino film to be shot in color by De Luxe .
Cast
Charito Solis as Margarita
Ric Rodrigo as Edilberto
Paraluman as Victoria
Rod Navarro as Tony
Ben Perez as Juan
Liza Lorena as Esperanza
Grace Leonor as Cora
Henry Stevens as Alvaro
Matimtiman Cruz as Monica
Joseph de Cordova as Padre
Mary Walter as Tony 's Mother
Pianing Vidal as Arsobispo
References
External links
1967 films
1967 drama films
Philippine drama films
Tagalog-language films
Playing With Fire is a lost 1921 American silent comedy film directed by Dallas M. Fitzgerald and starring Gladys Walton .
Plot
As described in a film magazine , Enid Gregory ( Walton ) works in a music store . They are a regular `` jazz baby '' who flirts with others while keeping company with Bill Butler ( Gribbon ) , a plumber . They find Janet Fenwick ( McGuire ) , a young society woman whose father committed suicide under a cloud of disgrace , so Enid gets their employer Bruce Tilford ( Mack ) to hire Janet to sing the ballads that they play . Business picks up and Tilford gives the two women two days of vacation . Enid and Janet go to a fashionable hotel where they meet several of Janet 's former friends . Janet becomes engaged to an old sweetheart and Enid succumbs to the embrace of Kent Lloyd ( Cooley ) , a wealthy young man , and allows them to slip a ring on their finger . In the last reel , they cope with the effects of a fire .
Cast
Gladys Walton as Enid Gregory
Kathryn McGuire as Janet Fenwick
Eddie Gribbon as Bill Butler
Hayward Mack as Bruce Tilford
Harold Miller as Jack Taylor
Hallam Cooley as Kent Lloyd
Sidney Franklin as Pat Isaacs
Lydia Knott as Miss Seraphina
Harriet Laurel as Maggie Turner
Elinor Hancock as Mrs. Taylor
Danny Hoy as Rats
References
External links
The AFI Catalog of Feature Films : Playing With Fire
Period lobby poster
( incorrect review by Hal Erickson to this 1921 Universal film . The review they have is to the 1916 Olga Petrova film of the same name which has a review by Janiss Garza . )
1921 films
American silent feature films
Lost American films
Universal Pictures films
1921 comedy films
Silent American comedy films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Dallas M. Fitzgerald
1921 lost films
Lost comedy films
1920s American films
Belaire Rosé is a French sparkling wine produced in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of the South of France .
Officially labelled `` Luc Belaire Rare Rosé , '' the wine is a blend of Syrah , Grenache , and Cinsault grapes typically used in the production of Provençal rosé wines . The brand is owned by niaz the New York-based company Sovereign Brands . The brand 's packaging is noteworthy for its opaque black bottles . Rick Ross is one of their major promoters .
The brand 's range also includes a Brut and Luxe , a demi-sec sparkling wine .
References
External links
Sparkling wines
French wine
Profile Rock ( also known as the Old Man of Joshua 's Mountain ) was a 50-foot high granite rock formation located in Freetown , Massachusetts just outside Assonet village and near the Freetown State Forest . Local Wampanoags believe it to be the image of Chief Massasoit . The Wampanoags occupied the region of Rhode Island and Massachusetts bounded by Narragansett Bay to the west and the Atlantic Ocean to the east , and Chief Massasoit was a close friend to the early Pilgrim settlers .
Joshua 's Mountain was named after Joshua Tisdale who was the first to settle near the site . It was privately owned for several years by former Freetown Selectman Ben Evans , who sold it to the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to be used as a state park tourist attraction . In recent years , the site has been frequently vandalized with graffiti , despite an aggressive cleanup effort by the Bristol County Sheriff . On June 19 , 2019 , at approximately 9:22 am , the Freetown Police Department along with the Freetown Fire Department responded to the Freetown State Forest “ Profile Rock ” Park for a report of recent damages to the historic rock formation , Old Man of Joshua 's Mountain . First responders and park officials discovered that a large portion of the rock formation had broken off .
State forest officials have closed the park until further notice due to the unsafe environment . The public is encouraged to stay away from the area .
References
External links
Rock formations of Massachusetts
Landmarks in Massachusetts
Landforms of Bristol County , Massachusetts
Freetown , Massachusetts
Native American history of Massachusetts
Slackdaddy is a three-piece rock/alternative/indy band from Athens , Georgia , USA , consisting of Andrew McCain on guitar/vocals , Bryan J. Howard on bass guitar and Ian Werden on drums .
Early years
The band began in Alexandria , Virginia , a suburb of Washington , DC in the late 1980s . McCain and Howard had been friends since early childhood and played together in the Mt . Vernon Old Guard Fife and Drum Corps , which Howard led . Later , while attending West Potomac High School , Howard befriended Werden who had recently moved to Alexandria from Detroit . The two played together in several short-lived bands , notably The Clockmen and Frankly Scarlett , with the guitarist Alex Lane . In 1989 , Howard and Werden joined St. Stephens students McCain and Luke Taylor to form The Moorish Idylls . The band frequently played the `` Open Mike Coffeehouse '' , a monthly gathering at the Mt . Vernon Unitarian Church , which featured local acoustic bands and soloists . The Moorish Idylls were the first band to play `` electric '' at the Coffeehouse . After the four band members had graduated from high school and attended separate universities , The Moorish Idylls played only a few shows . One notable gig was the first Cecilfest on July 10 , 1993 , where several new songs were debuted , indicating a new musical direction for the band .
In autumn 1994 , Howard 's stepfather Harvard told them about their good friend from their 1950s army days whose nickname was Slackdaddy . Slackdaddy was known to be quite flirtatious and popular with women , yet as a married man , they never committed adultery . During an argument with their wife , who was convinced that they had cheated , they shot them dead . Howard was so moved by this `` patron saint of misunderstood men '' that they decided to rename the band Slackdaddy . It was also around this time that rhythm guitarist Luke Taylor left the band , leaving Slackdaddy as a power-trio .
During summer 1995 , the band played several shows in the Washington area , including several at Jenkin 's Hill , a basement bar near the U.S. Capitol on Pennsylvania Avenue . On December 31 , 1995 , Slackdaddy played the Laughing Lizard in Old Town Alexandria .
Career
In 1996 , the band decided to move to Athens , Georgia , noted for its lively underground scene . Playing many well-known clubs in the area , the group gained enough popularity to tour . They also hosted the 1997 Shanti Festival at their house in Comer , GA. For two years , 1996–2001 , they toured the southeast . Their debut first album , Is , was released in February 1998 , on Roundtable Records . This success eventually lead to a 1999 nationwide tour .
On January 15 , 2000 , they joined Dr. Madd Vibe ( Angelo Moore from Fishbone ) on stage for an impromptu jam .
In 2001 , their second album , Supercell , was released . Slackdaddy then released its last album in 2004 , Karmageddon , which is available as a free download on the Slackdaddy website .
Current status
The band has not recorded since 2003 , when McCain left to finish their master 's degree . This eventually led to their marriage and a child . The future of the band is unknown at this time . The band has played just a few shows since 2003 . On March 12 , 2004 , the band played Caledonia Lounge in Athens which was recorded on video and can be viewed on the Slackdaddy website .
Howard now leads a band called The HEAP and often plays bass for Cracker .
On April 20 , 2013 Slackdaddy reunited to play the Melting Pot in Athens , GA . The night was a birthday celebration for Howard , who was turning 40 .
Albums
Major releases
Is
Supercell
Karmageddon
Compilations
Athfest 1999
Loving the Ailen
Athfest 2001
Yearbook
All About Numbers
Band members
Andrew McCain on guitar/vocals
Bryan J. Howard on bass guitar
Ian Werden on drums
References
External links
Slackdaddy website
The HEAP
Indie pop groups from Georgia ( U.S. state )
Indie rock musical groups from Georgia ( U.S. state )
Musical groups from Athens , Georgia
Henry Sherringham was a former Australian professional soccer player who played as a forward and played for the Australia .
International career
Sherringham began their international career with Australia in an inside-left position against Canada in a 3–2 win on 7 June 1924 . They played their second and last international match against in a 0–1 loss to Canada .
Career statistics
International
References
Australian soccer players
Association football forwards
Australia international soccer players
Varjão is a municipality in western Goiás state , Brazil .
Geography and Demographics
Varjão is located 77 km . southwest of Goiânia and is 26 km . southeast of Cezarina . Highway connections from Goiânia are made by BR-060/Abadia de Goiás/Guapó/GO-413 . Aragoiânia , Cezarina , Indiara , Mairipotaba are adjacent to Varjão . Its postcode ( CEP ) is 75355-000 , and its IBGE statistical microregion is 014 Vale do Rio dos Bois .
the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics estimates the population of Varjão to be 3,848 inhabitants .
Government
Rafael Pereira Machado Franco is Varjão 's mayor . The city council has nine members and there are 3,022 eligible voters .
Economy
The economy is based on subsistence agriculture , cattle raising , services , public administration , and small transformation industries .
Industrial units : 1 ( 2007 )
Commercial units : 38 ( 2007 )
Motor vehicles : 420 ( 2007 ) , which gave a ratio of 9 inhabitants for each motor vehicle
Cattle herd : 48,000 head ( 7,210 milk cows ) ( 2006 )
Poultry : 19,300 head ( 2006 )
Swine : 3,450 head ( 2006 )
Main crops : rice ( 200 hectares ) , sugarcane , oranges , beans , manioc , corn ( 600 hectares ) , and soybeans . ( Sepin )
Health and education
In 2006 , the 1,141 students in Varjão were served by four schools , with a total of 22 classrooms and 27 teachers . In 2000 , its school attendance rate was 0.806 . There are no higher education facilities . Varjão 's adult literacy rate was 83.0 % in 2000 , just below the national average of 86.4 % .
In 2003 , there were no hospitals and two ambulatory clinics in Varjão . In 2002 , two doctors , one nurse , and one dentist lived in the town . The town 's infant mortality rate 22.64 ( 2000 ) is well below the national average of 33.0 . In 2000 , the town 's life expectancy was 69.4 .
The score on the Municipal Human Development Index was 0.729 in 2000 , ranking it at 149 out of 242 municipalities in the state of Goiás and 2,456 out of 5,507 municipalities in Brazil overall .
See also
List of municipalities in Goiás
Microregions of Goiás
References
Frigoletto
Municipalities in Goiás
Bobliwo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately west of Izbica , south-west of Krasnystaw , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Bobliwo
Boonchu Rojanastien ( ; , Chinese : 黃聞波 , Huang Wenbo born January 20 , 1921 , Chon Buri Province , Thailand , died March 19 , 2007 , Bangkok ) was a Thai banker . Touted as Thailand 's first `` economics tsar '' , they served in the government of Kukrit Pramoj in 1975 and 1976 . During their tenure as finance minister , they initiated a policy of `` ngern phan '' ( money allocation ) , which distributed several billion bahts of government funds to 5,000 tambon , or local government , councils . Their populist policies would later be embraced under the administration of Thaksin Shinawatra .
Early life and business career
Boonchu was the eldest of five children born to a Thai Chinese carpenter of Hainanese origin in Chon Buri Province . They married Renu Rojanastien , and had two children Krip Rojanastien and Ora Rojanastien . They excelled at school and entered Thammasat University , graduating with a degree in accounting . They then opened their own accounting firm , and shortly after that joined Bangkok Bank . They eventually became president of the bank , from 1977 to 1980 , and led the institution through expansion and the establishment of branches across Thailand .
Political career
They became involved in politics in 1973 under the administration of Prime Minister Sanya Dharmasakti . Boonchu was appointed a senator and they played a role in drafting the Constitution in 1974 .
They joined Social Action Party and was elected as a Member of Parliament from Prachin Buri Province . This was during the short reign of Seni Pramoj , who was succeeded by their brother , Kukrit Pramoj .
Under Kukrit , Boonchu served as deputy prime minister and finance minister , and they initiated their populist `` ngern phan '' program of doling out billions of baht to local governments .
They left politics in 1983 and returned to banking , serving as chairperson of Siam City Bank , only to return to politics in 1986 as the head of the Kijprachakhom Party . The party later consolidated with other parties to form the Ekaphap Party , of which Boonchu served as deputy . They later led the Palang Dharma Party .
Boonchu eventually joined the Democrat Party and served as a cabinet member and then adviser to the first government of Chuan Leekpai .
`` The future of a political party hinges on its policies . Any inappropriate policies will just simply fade away , '' was Boonchu 's famous motto .
Boonchu left politics in 1998 after serving on the House Budget Committee .
Later years
Boonchu 's family weathered the 1997 East Asian financial crisis . They then started the Chiva-Som International Resort and Spa in Hua Hin , which at its peak , became one of the best Resort and Spa and was awarded the top resort and spa of the world .
They suffered from leukemia , and was treated at Vichaiyudh Hospital in Bangkok , where they died on March 19 , 2007 .
References
Boonchu Rojanastien
1921 births
2007 deaths
Boonchu Rojanastien
Boonchu Rojanastien
Boonchu Rojanastien
Boonchu Rojanastien
Boonchu Rojanastien
Boonchu Rojanastien
Boonchu Rojanastien
Boonchu Rojanastien
The finals and the qualifying heats of the men 's 200 metre individual medley event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Saturday 1998-01-17 in Perth , Western Australia .
A Final
B Final
Qualifying heats
Remarks
See also
1996 Men 's Olympic Games 200m Individual Medley ( Atlanta )
1997 Men 's World SC Championships 200m Individual Medley ( Gothenburg )
1997 Men 's European LC Championships 200m Individual Medley ( Seville )
2000 Men 's Olympic Games 200m Individual Medley ( Sydney )
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
Maurice Meeuwissen ( born 14 May , 1969 ) is a Dutch politician and member of the Party for Freedom .
Meeuwissen served as an officer in the Dutch army before studying a degree in mechanical engineering at Delft University of Technology . They worked as an engineer in the IT and telecom industries before completing a Master 's degree in healthcare management at Erasmus University Rotterdam . Meeuwissen became the leader and spokesperson for the PVV in South Holland and was elected to the States of South Holland during the 2019 Dutch provincial elections . Since 2018 they have also been a municipal councilor in the Municipal council of Rotterdam where they form a one-man faction for the PVV .
References
1969 births
21st-century Dutch politicians
Living people
Members of the Provincial Council of South Holland
Party for Freedom politicians
Mike Tyler is a non-academic , post-beat American poet .
They first became known during the 1990s poetry revival centered on the Nuyorican Poets Café in New York City . They have been dubbed the “ most dangerous poet in America ” because they once broke an arm while doing a reading .
Tyler was born in Greenwich Village . Their paternal grandfather is the educator Ralph W. Tyler , Sr . They attended Stuyvesant High School and was a student of the writer Frank McCourt . They dropped out .
From 1994 to 2002 they were the poet-in-residence at the artist decorated Carlton Arms Hotel in New York City living in a room with a felt rhino . A plaque ( cardboard ) celebrating their stay currently hangs on the door of the room . Their book , “ From Colorado to Georgia ” is available in the rooms of the hotel .
They have been cited as an influence on the musician Beck . The artist Banksy has stenciled Tyler 's line “ only the ridiculous survive ” outside of London 's Paddington Station . The line comes from Tyler 's series of six poems with the same name , “ The Complete Breakdown of Everything . ”
Tyler 's writing style has been described as terse , epigrammatic epiphanies . They are concerned with language , both beautiful and otherwise , as a political activity , and the “ muddle-class ” as a group robbed of language , and so robbed of a voice . They are known for their poem “ The Most Beautiful Word in the American Language ” ( Resist ) .
“ The Iggy Pop of Poetry ” , their high-octane physical reading style has been controversial , leading to them once receiving a zero at a poetry slam . The judge said they could not hear the poetry through their antics . Tyler responded in their poem “ Suggestion Box. ” If you did n't move around so much/I could listen to your poetry/If I did n't move around so much/you would n't even bother with/you could n't listen to my poetry/you just would n't listen/to my poetry .
They performed their one-word poem “ Nixon Is Dead ” ( Good ) on BBC radio , entering to introductory music ( “ He 's My Thing ” by Babes in Toyland ) longer than the poem itself .
They appeared full-frontally nude performing their poem Trial By Ice for the PBS Series , The United States of Poetry ( is it o.k . to yell fire/at a fire ) . The performance was cut from the show , but Tyler did appear completely naked in stills from the program in the coffee table book of the same name .
They recreated the James Brown Hardest Working Man in Show Business Routine while doing a poetry reading .
Noted UK Journalist AA Gill in the London Sunday Times was bemused by a Mike Tyler performance at London 's Institute of Contemporary Arts ( ICA ) : “ He had not endeared themselves to us . I mean this is the ICA , it 's London , this audience is so cool the bar does n't even bother stocking ice . And there 's this geezer claiming to be a poet , I mean they have n't even got sunglasses on . Anyway they start whining their poem , which is sort of Ezra Pound out of Beavis and Butt-Head ... ” Gill went on to quote a short Mike Tyler poem in full . Just before/the end of the world/somebody said/to somebody else/ ” Hey , look , it 's not like it 's the end of the world ” .
The most infamous act of Tyler 's career occurred on Friday November 30 , 1992 . Dying to read a poem at the Nuyorican Poets Café but with a long line ahead of him , Tyler took their poem outside to 3rd Street . They used the flatbed of a truck for a stage and paced and prowled . They did n't recite the poem , they exorcised it . They sprung to the top of a wire fence , then dived to the sidewalk landing on their left arm . Which broke at the elbow .
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American male poets
The Pahaquarry Copper Mine is an abandoned copper mine located on the west side of Kittatinny Mountain presently in Hardwick Township in Warren County , New Jersey in the United States . Active mining was attempted for brief periods during the mid-eighteenth , mid-nineteenth , and early twentieth centuries but was never successful despite developments in mining technology and improving mineral extraction methods . Such ventures were not profitable as the ore extracted proved to be of too low a concentration of copper . This site incorporates the mining ruins , hiking trails , and nearby waterfalls , and is located within the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area and administered by the National Park Service . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 as a contributing property to the Old Mine Road Historic District .
Local tradition and several early historians recount legends of seventeenth-century Dutch miners searching for copper in the Minisink region and commencing mining operations at this location before 1650 . In order to bring this ore to market , the miners are alleged to have built a road , the Old Mine Road linking these mines near the Delaware Water Gap with Kingston , New York . This tradition has been refuted by recent research , and it is thought the road has no connection with the mines but was built as Dutch families from New York settled the Minisink in the Eighteenth Century . The earliest evidence of mining at Pahaquarry is 1740 with a brief venture funded by John Reading , Jr. Later attempts in the middle of the nineteenth century and a renewed effort during the early years of the twentieth century were brief and likewise unsuccessful .
History
Legends about Dutch miners
There are several legends associated with this mine that have been discredited by historians and archaeologists , notably Herbert C. Kraft . One legend claims that the Lenape worked the mine even before European settlers arrived . However , archeological and scientific testing show that the copper artifacts from the area originated from major native copper mines in Isle Royale and the Keweenaw Peninsula Michigan .
Another legend claims that early Dutch settlers of New Netherland in the 1650s discovered and worked the mine in Lenape territory . This then leads to the legend that the Dutch built the Old Mine Road stretching to Esopus , New York to transport the ore . While the nearby roadside historical marker repeats these claims , no hard evidence has been found to support either one . Many references to this mining area continue to repeat these old legends as fact .
Mining ventures 1750-1910
The Pahaquarry mine site was operated for three brief periods of mining activity . The earliest documented reports are from the 1750s , when John Reading , Jr. and their partners purchased land along the Brook in early Walpack Township along the Delaware River in northwestern New Jersey . Reading , a prominent surveyor and land investor and member of the Provincial Council , served as the New Jersey colony 's acting governor in 1747 , and from 1757–1758 . By 1760 , the venture was a failure and mining activity ceased .
The next attempt began with the formation of the Alleghany Mining Company in 1847 by a group of men from Flemington , New Jersey . New mining activity began , but quickly ended in 1848 , due to the poor quality of the ore .
New management of the company restarted operations in 1861 , but again mining quickly stopped the next year .
In 1867 , Aaron Keyser bought the property for bark and timber . This soon ended when the land was transferred back to the Alleghany Mining Company in the 1890s .
The last mining attempt began in 1901 when the Montgomery Gold Leaf Mining Company , founded by the brothers , Henry and Oliver Deshler of Belvidere , New Jersey , purchased the assets of the Alleghany Mining Company .
After unsuccessful operations , the company reorganized as the Pahaquarry Copper Company in 1904 .
During the next years , a large ore processing mill , adjoining buildings and infrastructure were constructed at the area . The mill underwent many changes as the technology developed by Nathaniel S. Keith was new and untested . New ore was not dug until 1911 , and stopped after three months , producing perhaps only three ingots of refined copper .
The last of the mining equipment was removed in 1928 , ending copper mining in the area .
From 1925 to 1972 , the area was a camp for the George Washington Council ( now merged and part of Central New Jersey Council ) of the Boy Scouts of America .
The land was then purchased by the United States Army Corps of Engineers in preparation for the building of
the controversial Tocks Island Dam project .
Geology
The copper ore deposit found here is the grayish mineral chalcocite ( copper sulfide ) embedded in a hard gray sandstone band of the Bloomsburg Red Beds . The similar color and low ore yield make visual identification difficult . Secondary minerals that can be seen include green malachite and blue-green chrysocolla .
Between 1903 and 1906 , Dr. Keith reported an average yield of 3.25 % copper using 100 samples .
In 1943 , the United States Geological Survey reported yields of 0.11 % to 0.38 % copper and recommended that no more work be done at Pahaquarry .
See also
Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area
Old Mine Road
Tocks Island Dam Controversy
Sussex County , New Jersey
Warren County , New Jersey
References
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
National Park Service : Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area
Abandoned Mines : Pahaquarry Copper Mine
New York New Jersey Trail Conference : Coppermines Trail
USGS : Coppermines Trail
Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area
Hardwick Township , New Jersey
Pre-statehood history of New Jersey
Mines in New Jersey
Geography of Warren County , New Jersey
Underground mines in the United States
Copper mines in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Warren County , New Jersey
Historic district contributing properties in New Jersey
Bettini v Gye ( 1876 ) 1 QBD 183 is an English contract law case , concerning the right to terminate performance of a contract .
Facts
The tenor : it : Alessandro Bettini agreed with opera manager Frederick Gye that they would not sing anywhere within fifty miles of London except at the Royal Italian Opera , Covent Garden ( now the Royal Opera House ) , from 1 January to 1 December , and would perform for them from 30 March to 13 July 1875 for £150 per month . Bettini was supposed to perform concerts or operas . Importantly , Bettini was meant to be in London ‘ without fail ' 6 days before rehearsals , but did not arrive until 28 March , at which point they were ready to perform . However , Gye rejected Bettini 's performance .
Judgment
Blackburn J held the provision for arriving 6 days before was not a condition , and therefore breach of it did not give rise to the right to terminate . If clear words had stipulated that in the event Mr Bettini did not show up Gye could terminate , or that Bettini would forfeit twice their salary , that would provide the answer . Here Bettini had already performed their covenant to not sing in the UK in the months running up to 30 March , and not showing for rehearsals could only affect theatrical performances and singing in duets during the first week or fortnight . So the breach did not go to the root of the contract , and Gye was not entitled to terminate .
See also
English contract law
Notes
References
English contract case law
1876 in case law
1876 in British law
Raymond Arthur Faulkner ( born 26 May 1934 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger .
References
1934 births
People from Horncastle , Lincolnshire
English footballers
Association football wingers
Horncastle Town F.C . players
Grimsby Town F.C . players
Louth United F.C . players
English Football League players
Living people
Waldau may refer to :
Waldau ( surname )
Waldau ( Bern ) , a psychiatric clinic in Berne , Switzerland
Waldau ( Burgenlandkreis ) , a village and a former municipality in Saxony-Anhalt , Germany
Waldau ( Kassel ) , in Northern Hesse , near the border with Lower Saxony and Thuringia , Germany
Waldau ( Titisee-Neustadt ) , a village in Baden-Württemberg , Germany
Waldau ( Victoria ) , a suburb of Melbourne , Australia
Waldau ( Vojvodina ) , the German name for the village of Sonta , Serbia
John Szefc is an American college baseball coach , currently serving as the head coach of the Virginia Tech baseball team . They have held that position since leaving the University of Maryland in June , 2017 , where they had coached since the 2013 season .
Playing career
Szefc played for two seasons for Connecticut before transferring to Drexel . They were an all-conference selection in 1989 , their senior year . They graduated from Drexel in 1989 .
Coaching career
After completing their degree at Drexel , Szefc became an assistant coach at their alma mater . They remained for five seasons before moving to Sacred Heart for one season . In August 1995 , they were hired as head coach at Marist . They remained at Marist for seven seasons . In just their second season , the Red Foxes earned their first Northeast Conference championship , and Szefc was named NEC Coach of the Year . In addition to 1997 , Marist appeared in the 2000 , 2001 , and 2002 NCAA Tournaments . The Red Foxes were 41–14 in 2002 , Szefc 's final year with the team , and defeated Southwest Missouri State in the NCAA Tournament . Five players from that team would be selected in the Major League Baseball Draft .
Szefc became an assistant coach at Louisiana–Lafayette , where they served as hitting coach and top assistant . The Ragin ' Cajuns offense in their six seasons improved dramatically , with a 60-point jump in batting average over their first three seasons . The 2005 team set a school record for hits , and ranks second in school history in runs and runs batted in . Szefc also served as recruiting coordinator for ULL , and the team won a pair of Sun Belt Conference championships and appeared in the 2005 and 2007 NCAA tournaments .
Following their time in Louisiana , Szefc moved to Kansas , where they also served as recruiting coordinator and hitting coach in the highly competitive Big 12 Conference . The Jayhawks appeared in the Big 12 Conference Baseball Tournament both years Szefc served in Lawrence , and advanced to the Regional Final in 2009 . They then moved to Kansas State for the 2011 season , holding the same roles with the Wildcats while also adding the associate head coach title . Szefc 's hitters again improved over previous seasons , ranking highly in KSU record books for offensive production .
Szefc was named head coach at Maryland on July 18 , 2012 . They will face budget constraints in College Park due to financial issues in the Maryland athletic department , but will move from the Atlantic Coast Conference to the Big Ten Conference .
On June 9 , 2017 , Virginia Tech Athletic Director Whit Babcock named Szefc the Hokies new head coach .
Head coaching record
See also
List of current NCAA Division I baseball coaches
References
Living people
UConn Huskies baseball players
Drexel Dragons baseball players
Drexel Dragons baseball coaches
Sacred Heart Pioneers baseball coaches
Marist Red Foxes baseball coaches
Louisiana Ragin ' Cajuns baseball coaches
Kansas Jayhawks baseball coaches
Kansas State Wildcats baseball coaches
Maryland Terrapins baseball coaches
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Virginia Tech Hokies baseball coaches
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Maisonneuve Monument ( ) is a monument by sculptor Louis-Philippe Hébert built in 1895 in Place d'Armes in Montreal .
History
This monument in memory of Paul Chomedey de Maisonneuve , founder of Montreal , was unveiled on July 1 , 1895 , as part of the celebrations for the 250th anniversary of the founding of the city in 1892 . In 1896 , the imposing monument in the centre of Place d'Armes attracted many curious onlookers .
During the 1890s , a series of commemorative plaques was produced for the first time in Montreal , at the instigation of the Antiquarian and Numismatic Society , which took an active role in the project to build the Maisonneuve Monument . For its part , the Société historique de Montréal in 1892-93 had an obelisk erected in memory of the founders of Montreal . The Francophones and Anglophones of Montreal found common ground in the commemoration of the personalities of New France , with each cultural group highlighting its own heroes .
Statue Base
Bas-reliefs
References
External links
Fiche : Monument à la mémoire de Paul de Chomedey , sieur de Maisonneuve
Louis-Philippe Hébert . Monument à Paul de Chomedey , sieur de Maisonneuve ( 1893 ) // Art Public Ville de Montréal
1895 in Canada
1895 sculptures
Bronze sculptures in Canada
Buildings and structures completed in 1895
History of Montreal
Monuments and memorials in Montreal
Old Montreal
Outdoor sculptures in Montreal
Sculptures by Louis-Philippe Hébert
Sculptures of men in Canada
Sculptures of women in Canada
Statues in Canada
Sculptures of dogs in Canada
Sculptures of children in Canada
Brett Van Blankers ( born April 11 , 1987 ) is a Canadian racing driver from New Westminster , British Columbia .
After karting , Van Blankers moved to Formula Renault 1600 in 2004 . In 2005 they competed in FR1600 and the Formula TR 2000 Pro Series finishing 7th in points . In 2006 they competed in 9 Indy Pro Series races for Brian Stewart Racing with the best finish of 7th at Watkins Glen International . They finished 9th in points . They have not participated in a professional race since and now operates an excavator for their family 's demolition business in Vancouver .
References
1987 births
Racing drivers from British Columbia
North American Formula Renault drivers
Indy Lights drivers
People from New Westminster
Living people
24 Hours of Daytona drivers
Rolex Sports Car Series drivers
Peng Zhenming , better known by their in-game name Aluka , is a retired Chinese professional gamer . From 2012 to 2016 , they were a professional League of Legends player ; in 2017 they announced a career as a professional PlayerUnknown 's Battlegrounds player . For most of their League of Legends career , Aluka played as the top laner for Team WE of the League of Legends Pro League ( LPL ) , and was renowned in China as one of the most skilled players in their position .
Career
League of Legends
Aluka began their career in 2012 competing in the HAN Pro League as a member of Positive Energy , where they finished second .
In 2013 Aluka established themselves as a strong member of Positive Energy , never placing outside the top four in any tournament . After losing in the semifinals in G-League 2012 Season 2 and a fourth-place finish in GIGABYTE StarsWar League Season 2 they earned two second-place finishes in the 2013 LPL Spring Playoffs and WVW National Elite Cup , where they were defeated by OMG in the finals on both occasions . They then finished fourth at StarsWar 8 before they and Positive Energy won the 2013 LPL Summer Playoffs defeating OMG 3–2 in the finals .
Aluka moved to Team WE in 2014 and continued their string of high placements , but seemed to have trouble besting EDward Gaming ( EDG ) . After they were defeated 2–0 in the finals of the NVIDIA Game Festival 2014 by EDG , they and Team WE were eliminated by them again in similar fashion , this time in the semifinals of the National Electronic Sports Tournament 2014 . The two met again in Demacia Cup Season 2 where they and Team WE made the score much closer , but were ultimately taken down 3–2 in the finals .
Due to their first-place finish at IEM Shenzhen , Team WE were invited to compete at the IEM Season IX - World Championship . After a Round 1 loss against Team SoloMid , the team went on to beat Gambit Gaming in Round 1 of the losers bracket . Round 2 of the losers bracket saw WE beat CJ Entus , securing the team a place in the bracket stage . Aluka and Team WE then pulled off the upset of the tournament , emerging victorious in their semifinal matchup over the previously unbeaten GE Tigers . They went on to finish runner-up after losing to Team SoloMid in the final of the tournament .
PlayerUnknown 's Battlegrounds
References
Living people
Chinese esports players
Team WE players
League of Legends top lane players
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Serious and Organised is a British crime drama television series , created by Matt Jones , and broadcast on ITV from 2 January to 6 February 2003 . Created as a star vehicle for lead actor Martin Kemp , only one series was commissioned owing to the show not achieving the ratings expected by the network , despite a consistent consolidated viewing audience of between 6-7 million . A total of six episodes were broadcast . The complete series has since been released for streaming on YouTube by production company All3Media on 8 April 2011 .
Plot
Jack ( Martin Kemp ) and Tony Finn ( Joe Duttine ) are two brothers working together in the same division of the National Serious and Organised Crime Unit . Being the only officers of their kind , they are feared by colleagues and criminals alike . Jack , however , is leading a secret double life — having fallen in love with Tony 's wife Rachel ( Esther Hall ) . Forced to put their personal differences aside for the sake of their profession , Jack and Tony investigate the likes of crime families , Triads , gangland killings , extortion and major drug suppliers , all whilst trying to battle with their own demons .
The series begins with the arrival of a new boss , DI Dennis Clifton ( Danny Sapani ) , who replaces the outgoing DI Kitchen ( Sidney Livingstone ) . Clifton immediately makes it clear that they will not stand for any nonsense , and is determined to lead the unit their way . Alongside the Finn brothers are DC Joanna Granger ( Emily Bruni ) and DC Graham Reid ( James Hillier ) . During the team 's second case , it transpires that Reid has secret connections to a gangland murderer , forcing them to go on the run . Granger also finds themselves under the spotlight after embarking on an affair with Tony Finn , which subsequently sparks a relationship between Jack Finn and their brother 's wife , Rachel . DC Pete Gordon ( Mark Leadbetter ) is a junior member of the team who also assists the Finn brothers on various cases .
Production
Valerie Lilley was initially announced to play the part of Jeannie Finn , Jack and Tony 's mother . However , Lilley pulled out shortly before filming began , forcing every episode to be partially re-written . Them part was not re-cast . Although credited on IMDb , Lilley did not appear in the series .
D.C. Pete Gordon ( Mark Leadbetter ) is also sometimes erroneously referred to as D.C. Pete Burns , but was never credited as such in the series .
Danny Dyer , Nina Sosanya , Neil Stuke and Amanda Mealing all guest starred in the series .
Cast
Martin Kemp as D.C. Jack Finn , senior detective
Joe Duttine as D.C. Tony Finn , senior detective
Esther Hall as Rachel Finn , Tony 's wife
Danny Sapani as D.I . Dennis Clifton , commanding officer
Emily Bruni as D.C. Joanna Granger , junior detective
James Hillier than D.C. Graham Reid , junior detective ( Episodes 1—2 )
Mark Leadbetter as D.C. Pete Gordon , junior detective
Sidney Livingstone as D.I . Kitchen , commanding officer ( Episode 1 )
Episode list
References
External links
2003 British television series debuts
2003 British television series endings
2000s British drama television series
2000s British crime television series
2000s British television miniseries
English-language television shows
ITV television dramas
Serial drama television series
Television series by All3Media
Clarence Alley `` Clay '' Thompson IV ( born May 4 , 1992 ) is an American former professional tennis player and current entrepreneur . Thompson was born in Venice , CA , and attended 6-12th grade at Crossroads School for Arts and Sciences in Santa Monica , CA . They were a top-ranked national junior and ended their high school career as the # 3 recruit in the country , choosing to play for Billy Martin at UCLA . During their tenure at UCLA , Thompson earned a BFA in creative writing with a minor in Film/TV , and during the entirety of their 2014 senior season , was the # 1 ranked NCAA tennis player . Thompson holds a 119–35 record , one of the highest number of wins for a UCLA player in the school 's history .
Thompson enjoyed a brief but impactful career on the ATP Tour , reaching a high singles ranking of # 408 in the world , during which they amassed a cult following as a charismatic and fun player to watch . Thompson also participates in various charity events and has been a positive influence in the Los Angeles tennis community . Following their own playing career , Thompson returned to professional tennis as the coach for fellow Crossroads alumnus Nicole Gibbs .
Beginning in 2016 , Thompson has been involved with a number of companies as an investor , advisor , and consultant . Notable companies include Snapchat , Jaunt , K-Swiss , and Tennacity . In June 2020 , Thompson announced that they were co-founding and leading MProoV , a self-improvement platform and marketplace .
Junior career
From age 13–18 , Thompson was a perennial “ Top 5 ” national player in both singles and doubles . Thompson captured their first national ball ( bronze ) , by taking 3rd place in the 2007 USTA Winter SuperNationals in the Boys ' 16s division . Thompson then completed their collection of national balls with a silver and gold ball at the 2008 Easter Bowl , losing to Jack Sock 6–4 , 3–6 , 7–6 ( 4 ) in the singles final and claiming the doubles title only hours later .
In 2007 , their first-year student year at Crossroads , Thompson led the Roadrunners to their first Boys ' Tennis CIF Championship in school history . Thompson also claimed the CIF Boys ' Singles Championship in 2009 , becoming Crossroads School 's first individual boys ' tennis state champion .
It was around this time that Thompson 's talent was noticed and they were offered a contract to graduate high school early , forgo college and go straight onto the professional tour . Citing their desire for a proper education , a career after tennis and also the social element of finishing their senior year of Crossroads , Thompson declined . Later on that year they committed to play for the UCLA Bruins .
College career
Freshman year , 2010-11
Thompson had an immediate impact for the UCLA Bruins , slotting in at # 3 singles their first-year student year , where they led the team in dual match wins at 23–10 . They collected their first All-Pac 10 Player of the Week award when they clinched the 3-3 deciding match at Baylor University , and continued with several more accolades that year , including multiple Muscle Milk Student-Athlete of the Week honors .
Sophomore year , 2011-12
Thompson kicked off their sophomore campaign as the # 2 singles player , behind 5th year senior Nicolas Meister . They checked in at a high of # 35 in the ITA singles rankings and was an integral part of the Bruins ' Final Four appearance at the 2012 NCAA Tournament and Pac-12 championship run . Clay loves to tell a story about their sophomore year :
“ My sophomore year , I was slotted in at the # 2 position in the beginning of the year . Meister played # 1 and we were very deep across the board . We had a shot of winning the title that year , but one major obstacle stood in our way , Steve Johnson and USC . Do n't think I need to go into detail about how good Stevie was , but to put it bluntly they were unbeatable in college tennis .
`` As USC was our biggest competition in pursuit of an NCAA and Pac-12 title , we had to figure out a way to beat them . Playing # 2 for USC was Raymond Sarmiento , someone who has owned me for my entire life since playing in the 8 and unders . Raymond was unbeatable for me , they had such a mental advantage , probably having beaten me upwards of 15/16 times with me never getting a victory . I played them in our first match against USC and lost , Nick lost to Stevie and we lost the match . Billy Martin wanted to change something , so they put me at # 1 and Nick at # 2 for the next match , I lost to Stevie in ~40 minutes but Nick beat Raymond and we won the match . Furious , Peter Smith protested the lineup and stated that in no world am I the number 1 player for UCLA and we only did it to stack and give Nick the best chance to beat Raymond . The Pac-12 committee decided that Peter was right and moved me back to # 2 for our Pac-12 championships . My pride had been wounded and as I took the court against Raymond in Ojai , CA in front of hundreds of fans , I felt something different that day . I beat Raymond in straight sets for the first time in my life and in Vitas Gerulaitis fashion , said at the net , “ No one beats Clay Thompson 17 times in a row . ” ''
Junior year , 2012-13
Coming into Thompson 's junior year , the Bruins were heavily favored to be a national championship contender . Following a minor back injury , Thompson began the year at # 5 singles and finished the season with a 22-4 overall singles record The Bruins had a strong year , winning both the PAC-12 regular season and tournament before going all the way to the NCAA Finals where they lost to Virginia , after having match points during the very famous “ net touch ” - when UCLA captain Adrien Puget thought they had won the championship for the Bruins before having the point called back due to their touching of the net with their foot . After this year as a whole , Thompson matured significantly .
Dealing with their injury , Clay shared , “ Taking that much time off really opened my eyes , ” Thompson said . “ I realized how much tennis had done for me , put into perspective how privileged I am through this sport , and made me really honor it a lot more , and really take it seriously . ”
Thompson 's change in mindset inspired them to work harder than before over the summer . They began the summer by traveling to France with teammate , Adrien Puget , where they competed in three ITF tournaments . After returning from this trip , teammate Marcos Giron noted a difference in Thompson 's demeanor . “ I was practicing with ( Clay ) way more over this past summer , and I could see that there was something different about him , ” said Giron . “ There was an extra spark to them … when they were playing it seemed like they cared more , like there was a little extra passion in it . ”
Senior year , 2013-14
Thompson 's senior season began on a low note as they lost in the first round of the ITA All-American Tournament in Tulsa , Oklahoma . After this loss , however , Thompson won 19 matches in a row . This string of wins started with the consolation draw at the All-American tournament , which booked them a trip to Flushing Meadows , NY and the ITA Fall National Championship . Thompson swiftly moved through the competition to win the tournament and claim their spot on top of the collegiate world . Thompson 's behavior was equally impressive as they turned out large crowds and won the Sportsmanship Award . This tournament also marked the first time that media and fans started actively referring to Thompson as a “ showman . ”
After this incredible fall season , Thompson began the year as the # 1 NCAA player in the country . They compiled one of the highest single season win numbers at UCLA , amassing a 39–7 record . Clay played # 1 for the Bruins throughout the entire 2014 season , ending with the Bruins ' loss to Oklahoma 4–2 in the NCAA Semifinals . Thompson cites this match as the biggest regret of their career :
“ 2014 was the year our entire team came together for the first time in my UCLA experience , everyone on that team had each other 's backs and did everything in their power to win the title . Losing that match , as the # 1 player in the country and on the team , remembering how my teammates were cheering me on and how their heads fell as I lost . Man , that memory is harrowing for me and I will never ever forget it . ”
Returning from this trip , Thompson finished the remaining classes for their degree and graduated in Spring 2014 with a BFA in creative writing and a minor in film/television . Thompson won many accolades for their 2014 season , including the Pac-12 Scholar Athlete of the Year award due to their excellent athletic season and 3.8 GPA . They also joined a notable list of tennis players , including Steve Johnson and John Isner , when they were named Senior Player of the Year by the Intercollegiate Tennis Association .
Professional career
2010–2013
Thompson played their first doubles match in 2010 at an ITF tournament in California partnering Daniel Kosakowski . In singles , they received wildcards into the qualifying draws of the 2011 and 2012 Farmers Classic located at their college of UCLA . They lost in the first round in 2011 and recorded a win in 2012 but lost in the second round to 5th seed and eventual finalist of the main tournament Ričardas Berankis . They started to increase their activity in 2013 by competing in more tournaments .
2014
2014 is when Thompson started playing tennis consistently . They received wildcards into ATP events including the
Indian Wells Masters qualifying draw where they lost in the first round to 23rd seed Bobby Reynolds in straight sets and the only ATP main draw appearance of their career at the Hall of Fame Open where they lost in the first round to 6th seed Steve Johnson in straight sets .
2015
In spring 2015 , Thompson won their first professional title at the ITF $ 10,000 Manzanillo , MX . Continuing on this success , Thompson had a very good summer with Semi-final and Final appearances at $ 15,000 ITF tournaments in Illinois and they ended the summer with a qualifying draw appearance at the Winston-Salem Open where they lost in the first round to Ryan Harrison in straight sets . They ended the year with the best result of their career ; a semifinal appearance at the Champaign Challenger where they qualified for the main draw , won their first main draw match at a challenger , and defeated 8th seed Blaž Rola in the second round and 2nd seed Austin Krajicek in the quarterfinals before losing to Henri Laaksonen in three sets . These results earned Thompson a Top 500 ranking , coming in at # 446 in the year end ATP rankings for 2015 .
2016
Thompson spent much of 2016 on the road , playing tournaments in Israel , Egypt , South Korea , China and Thailand . Although Thompson 's ranking climbed up to # 408 , they did n't have any notable results . At the 2016 $ 100,000 USTA Challenger in Aptos , California , Thompson received a wildcard entry and won a round before losing to Bjorn Fratangelo 6–3 , 7–5 . It was after this tournament that Thompson took to Twitter to announce their retirement .
2017
In January 2017 , Thompson played the local ITF $ 25,000 tournament at USC , and spoke publicly about their retirement , summarizing the financial burden on tennis players coupled with their desire to create a stable life for themselves after tennis as the main reasons for their early departure . During the course of this year , Thompson participated in a multitude of charity events and gave many interviews discussing their interest in creating a healthier and more financially feasible pathway for young American tennis talents to transition to the pro tour . They played their last tournament in March at an ITF tournament in Calabasas , California in both the singles and doubles draw losing the singles in the first round and the doubles in the second round . However , they returned for one more tournament in November 2019 at an ITF tournament in Malibu , California in the doubles draw losing in the first round .
Coaching career
In the fall of 2017 , fellow Crossroads alumni and top-100 WTA player Nicole Gibbs offered Thompson a job as their coach in 2018 .
Thompson traveled with Gibbs as a trial run for the end of their 2017 season and then in 2018 accompanied them to the Shenzhen Open where they fell to world # 1 Simona Halep 6–4 , 6–1 . The next tournament was the Australian Open , where Gibbs won a round before losing to Kiki Bertens 6–7 , 0–6 . Thompson continued to travel with Gibbs , assisting them in Indian Wells , Miami , Monterrey and Bogota before announcing their split .
Playing style
Thompson is known for their fast ground strokes on both their forehand and their backhand and their fast serves . They are also known for showing hyperness on the court usually jumping around or shouting whenever they win a point .
References
External links
UCLA profile
Clay Thompson Website
1992 births
Living people
American male tennis players
People from Venice , Los Angeles
UCLA Bruins men 's tennis players
Tennis players from Los Angeles
Acacallis ( Ancient Greek : Ἀκακαλλίς means 'unwalled ' ) in Greek mythology , was princess of Crete . The Bibliotheca calls their Acalle ( Ἀκάλλη ) .
Family
Acacallis was the daughter of Minos , king of Crete , and Pasiphae the daughter of Helios , or Crete the daughter of Asterion . They were the sister of Ariadne , Androgeus , Deucalion , Phaedra , Glaucus , Catreus and Xenodice .
According to a Cretan mythological tradition , they bore a son to Hermes , Cydon , the founder of Cydonia . Other traditions give Cydon as the offspring of Acacallis and Apollo , and thus , brother to Oaxes . Yet others wrote that Acacallis mothered Cydon with Hermes , and Naxos ( eponym of the island Naxos ) with Apollo .
Another tradition relates that Acacallis and Apollo had a son named Miletus . Still other traditions relate that another son was born of them and Apollo , named Amphithemis or Garamas ( in some stories , the first mortal born ) . Lastly by Apollo , they were also said to be the mother of Phylacides and Phylander .
Mythology
Fearing their father 's wrath , they exposed their son Miletus , but Apollo commanded she-wolves to nurse it until it could be taken in and raised by shepherds . They grew up strong and handsome , and Minos was seized with desire for the boy . Miletus fled Crete to avoid being becoming the eromenos of the king , and went on to found the eponymous city , Miletus .
Pausanias relates that when Apollo came to Carmanor to be cleansed for the murder of Python , they mated with Acacallis ( said to be a nymph in this particular version ) , and that from their union were born Phylacides and Phylander . People of the Cretan city Elyrus sent to Delphi a bronze statue of a goat suckling these two children , which suggests that they must have been abandoned by their mother .
Acacallis was in Crete a common name for a narcissus .
Notes
References
Antoninus Liberalis , The Metamorphoses of Antoninus Liberalis translated by Francis Celoria ( Routledge 1992 ) . Online version at the Topos Text Project .
Apollodorus , The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer , F.B.A. , F.R.S . in 2 Volumes , Cambridge , MA , Harvard University Press ; London , William Heinemann Ltd. 1921 . ISBN 0-674-99135-4 . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library . Greek text available from the same website .
Apollonius Rhodius , Argonautica translated by Robert Cooper Seaton ( 1853-1915 ) , R. C. Loeb Classical Library Volume 001 . London , William Heinemann Ltd , 1912 . Online version at the Topos Text Project .
Bell , Robert E. , Women of Classical Mythology : A Biographical Dictionary . ABC-Clio . 1991. .
Graves , Robert , The Greek Myths , Harmondsworth , London , England , Penguin Books , 1960 .
Graves , Robert , The Greek Myths : The Complete and Definitive Edition . Penguin Books Limited . 2017 .
Maurus Servius Honoratus , In Vergilii carmina comentarii . Servii Grammatici qui feruntur in Vergilii carmina commentarii ; recensuerunt Georgius Thilo et Hermannus Hagen . Georgius Thilo . Leipzig . B. G. Teubner . 1881 . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library .
Pausanias , Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S . Jones , Litt.D. , and H.A . Ormerod , M.A. , in 4 Volumes . Cambridge , MA , Harvard University Press ; London , William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias , Graeciae Descriptio . 3 vols . Leipzig , Teubner . 1903 . Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library .
Stephanus of Byzantium , Stephani Byzantii Ethnicorum quae supersunt , edited by August Meineike ( 1790-1870 ) , published 1849 . A few entries from this important ancient handbook of place names have been translated by Brady Kiesling . Online version at the Topos Text Project .
Princesses in Greek mythology
Agenorides
Women of Apollo
Cretan women
Women in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Cretan characters in Greek mythology
Keiron Cunningham ( born 28 October 1976 ) is a professional rugby league coach and former player . A Great Britain and Wales international representative , they played their entire professional career at St Helens , making nearly 500 appearances for the club between 1994 and 2010 and winning numerous trophies . They have been frequently cited as being among the best players in the Super League history and is widely regarded to be one of St Helens ' greatest players of all time .
The youngest of ten siblings , two of their brothers , Eddie Cunningham and Tommy Cunningham , also played for St Helens . Keiron Cunningham was born five months after their brother Eddie won a Rugby League Challenge Cup winner 's medal for St Helens against Widnes .
Following their retirement as a player , Cunningham remained at St Helens as an assistant coach , and was head coach of the club between 2015 and 2017 . They are currently head of rugby at Leigh Centurions .
Playing career
In 1993 , on their 17th birthday , Cunningham signed for their hometown club St Helens from Wigan St Judes . They made their début in the 1994–95 Rugby Football League season , and soon established themselves as a world class hooker , renowned for their dynamic running from dummy half and ability to poach tries from short distances . They represented both Great Britain and Wales in international matches , qualifying for Wales because of a Welsh grandfather .
Keiron Cunningham played , and scored a try in St. Helens ' 16-25 defeat by Wigan in the 1995–96 Regal Trophy Final during the 1995–96 at Alfred McAlpine Stadium , Huddersfield on Saturday 13 January 1996 .
Cunningham played for St Helens at hooker in the 1996 Challenge Cup Final , scoring a try in the second half of the match and helping their team to a 40-32 victory over the Bradford Bulls . At the end of 1996 's Super League I , Cunningham was named at hooker in the 1996 Super League Dream Team . Cunningham played for St Helens at in their 1999 Super League Grand Final victory over the Bradford Bulls . Also in 1999 they were the only British player voted into the World XIII .
Cunningham played for St Helens at in their 2000 Super League Grand Final victory against the Wigan Warriors . As Super League V champions , St Helens played against 2000 NRL Premiers , the Brisbane Broncos in the 2001 World Club Challenge . Cunningham played at in Saints ' victory .
Cunningham played for St. Helens at in their 2002 Super League Grand Final victory against the Bradford Bulls .
Over the course of their career , Cunningham rejected offers from the Welsh Rugby Union , England Rugby Union , and from various Australian rugby league clubs , instead choosing to remain with their hometown team . In 2006 Cunningham was named as captain of St. Helens following the persistent injuries and subsequent retirement of Paul Sculthorpe . Cunningham played for St. Helens at in their 2006 Challenge Cup Final victory against the Huddersfield Giants . St Helens reached the 2006 Super League Grand final to be contested against Hull FC , and Cunningham played at , scoring a try in Saints ' 26-4 victory . As 2006 Super League champions , St Helens faced 2006 NRL Premiers the Brisbane Broncos in the 2007 World Club Challenge . Cunningham played from the interchange bench in Saints ' 18-14 victory .
They played in the 2009 Super League Grand Final defeat by the Leeds Rhinos at Old Trafford .
In 2010 , Cunningham announced that they would be retiring from rugby league following the culmination of 2010 's Super League XV . 2010 also marked the last year at St Helens ' Knowsley Road ground before moving to a new stadium . It was , in fact , Kieron Cunningham who scored the last try ever at the prestigious ground in their penultimate match . However , despite a memorable 2010 play-offs for Cunningham , there was to be no fairytale ending as their last game ended in defeat against arch rivals the Wigan Warriors in the 2010 Super League Grand Final .
They finished their career with 496 appearances for St Helens , scoring 175 tries .
During their career they won five Super League Championships , seven Challenge Cup Winners Medals and two World Club Challenge Winners medals , was named in the Super League Dream Team on six occasions , and in July 2007 Rugby League World magazine ranked them as the greatest player of the Super League era .
Following a supporters ' poll featuring the likes of Tom van Vollenhoven and Alex Murphy , Cunningham was chosen to be cast as a bronze statue outside of Langtree Park . The statue was unveiled on Chalon Way opposite the Glass House pub in March 2010 and was relocated to the stadium following its completion in October 2011 .
Coaching career
Following their retirement as a player , Cunningham took up an assistant coaching role in the strength and conditioning department at St Helens . After the sacking of Royce Simmons in 2012 they were appointed assistant head coach of St Helens , working alongside temporary head coach Mike Rush .
On Monday 20 October 2014 , Cunningham was appointed as head coach of St Helens . They appointed former Saints teammate Sean Long to assist them for their role . On 10 April 2017 it was announced on the BBC North West Today lunchtime bulletin that Cunningham had been sacked after 24 years associated with the club .
References
External links
! Great Britain Statistics at englandrl.co.uk ( statistics currently missing due to not having appeared for both Great Britain , and England )
( archived by web.archive.org ) St Helens profile
( archived by web.archive.org ) Keiron 's Korner
Profile at saints.org.uk
1976 births
Living people
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Rugby league hookers
Rugby league players from St Helens , Merseyside
St Helens R.F.C . coaches
St Helens R.F.C . players
Wales national rugby league team captains
Wales national rugby league team players
Indiana 's 2nd congressional district is an electoral district for the U.S. Congress in Northern Indiana . It includes South Bend and Elkhart .
The district 's seat in Congress is vacant as of August 3 , 2022 , following the death of incumbent Republican Jackie Walorski .
Election results from presidential races
History
Prior to 2002 , the 2nd congressional district covered east central Indiana , including most of the territory now in the 6th district . However , following the 2000 U.S. census redistricting , the district was moved to replace most of what had been the 3rd district .
Communities
Under its borders from 2023 to 2033 , Indiana 's 2nd congressional district is located in Northern Indiana . It includes Elkhart , Fulton , Marshall , Miami , Pulaski , St. Joseph , Starke and Wabash Counties in full , most of Kosciusko and La Porte Counties , as well as half of Cass County . From 2013 to 2023 , the 2nd district had the same borders except that Cass County was entirely in the 4th district .
La Porte County is split between this district and the 1st district . They are partitioned by Indiana West 500N and Indiana South/North 600W . The 2nd district takes in part of the city of LaPorte , and the 15 townships of Hanna , Johnson , Hudson , Scipio , Union , Washington , Prairie , Pleasant , Noble , Lincoln , Clinton , Center , Dewey , Wills , Center , and Kankakee .
Kosciusko County is split between this district and the 3rd district . They are partitioned by Indiana S 1000 W35 , North 200W and West 700N . The 2nd district takes in the city of Warsaw , and the 14 townships of Clay , Etna , Franklin , Harrison , Jackson , Jefferson , Lake , Monroe , Plain , Prairie , Scott , Seward , Van Buren , and Wayne .
Cass County is split between this district and the 4th district . They are partitioned roughly by Indiana S Co Rd 200E , Indiana S Co Rd 500E , Indiana N Co Rd 50E , and Indiana N Co Rd 600W . The 2nd district takes in part of the city of Logansport , and the 7 townships of Adams , Bethlehem , Clay , Harrison , Jackson , Miami , Tipton , and part of the township of Deer Creek .
Largest cities
Given below are the largest cities in the district , listing every city that had at least 10,000 inhabitants as of the 2010 census .
South Bend – 101,168
Elkhart – 50,949
Mishawaka – 48,252
LaPorte – 21,732
Warsaw – 13,559
Peru – 11,417
Wabash – 10,666
Plymouth – 10,033
List of members representing the district
Election results
2002
2004
2006
2008
2010
2012
2014
2016
2018
2020
See also
Indiana 's congressional districts
List of the United States congressional districts
References
Congressional Biographical Directory of the United States 1774–present
02
LaPorte County , Indiana
St. Joseph County , Indiana
Porter County , Indiana
Starke County , Indiana
Marshall County , Indiana
Pulaski County , Indiana
Fulton County , Indiana
Cass County , Indiana
Carroll County , Indiana
White County , Indiana
Howard County , Indiana
Constituencies established in 1823
1823 establishments in Indiana
Marion County is located in the U.S. state of Indiana . The 2020 United States Census reported a population of 977,203 , making it the largest county in the state and 51st most populated county in the country . Indianapolis is the county seat , the state capital , and largest city . Marion County is consolidated with Indianapolis through an arrangement known as Unigov .
Marion County is the central county of the Indianapolis–Carmel–Anderson MSA in Central Indiana .
Geography
The low rolling hills of Marion County have been cleared of trees , and the area is completely devoted to municipal development or to agriculture , except for wooded drainages . The highest point ( 920 feet/279 meters ASL ) is a small ridge at the county 's northwest corner .
According to the 2010 census , the county has an area of , of which ( or 98.34 % ) is land and ( or 1.66 % ) is water .
The White River flows southwestward through the central part of the county ; it is joined by Eagle Creek and Fall Creek , both of which have dams in the county forming Eagle Creek Reservoir and Geist Reservoir , respectively .
Marion County has two Indiana State Parks , Fort Harrison State Park and White River State Park , as well as many municipal parks .
Adjacent counties
Hamilton County - north
Hancock County - east
Shelby County - southeast
Johnson County - south
Morgan County - southwest
Hendricks County - west
Boone County - northwest
Transportation
Major highways
*
* I-69 currently ends in Indianapolis at the I-465 interchange in the northeast section of the county . The extension connecting Indianapolis and Evansville is expected to be completed in 2024 .
Airports
KIND - Indianapolis International Airport
KEYE - Eagle Creek Airpark
Post-Air Airport
History
Marion County was created on April 1 , 1822 , from part of the `` New Purchase '' lands that had been obtained from its inhabitants , the Lenape , by the Treaty of St. Mary 's . It is named for Francis Marion , a brigadier general from South Carolina in the American Revolutionary War .
The state capital was moved to Indianapolis in Marion County from Corydon on January 10 , 1825 . This began a period of rapid growth in population .
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in Indianapolis have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in July .
Demographics
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 903,393 people , 366,176 households , and 218,338 families in the county . The population density was . There were 417,862 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 62.7 % white , 26.7 % black or African American , 2.0 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 5.4 % from other races , and 2.8 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 9.3 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 18.9 % were German , 11.8 % were Irish , 8.4 % were English , 6.6 % were American , and 5.2 % were Subsaharan African .
Of the 366,176 households , 32.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 36.9 % were married couples living together , 17.1 % had a female householder with no husband present , 40.4 % were non-families , and 32.0 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 3.08 . The median age was 33.9 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 47,697 and the median income for a family was $ 54,142 . Males had a median income of $ 42,215 versus $ 34,169 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 24,498 . About 13.5 % of families and 17.3 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 25.7 % of those under age 18 and 9.0 % of those age 65 or over .
Cities and towns
Marion County has a consolidated city-county government , known as Unigov , in which only four municipalities retain full government autonomy ( including a mayor and city council ) as `` excluded cities '' . The remaining municipalities within the county are `` included towns '' and exercise very limited authority , mainly in zoning and appointing their own police departments and maintaining some of their own municipal services and town identities . They retain the ability to levy taxes for these purposes .
Municipalities
Excluded cities in bold .
Beech Grove
Clermont
Crows Nest
Cumberland ( western portion )
Homecroft
Indianapolis
Lawrence
Meridian Hills
North Crows Nest
Rocky Ripple
Southport
Speedway
Spring Hill
Warren Park
Williams Creek
Wynnedale
Townships
Marion County has nine townships roughly organized into a grid-like , three-by-three pattern . This arrangement can be seen below , with the top being north .
Politics
Most of Marion County is in Indiana 's 7th congressional district , which is held by Democrat André Carson . Indiana 's 5th congressional district , which runs along the northern edge of the county , is held by Republican Victoria Spartz . The county is represented by 15 seats in the Indiana House of Representatives , 86th through 100th districts , with ten seats held by Democrats and five by Republicans . In the State Senate Marion County is divided among nine districts , which are held by two Democrats and seven Republicans . The Senate districts are numbered 28 through 36 .
The Indianapolis City-County Council is the combined legislative body of Indianapolis and Marion County . The consolidated government , known as Unigov , was formally established in 1970 upon the merger of the city government with the county government . The council passes ordinances for the city and county , and makes appointments to certain boards and commissions .
County elected officials
Mayor ( County Executive ) : Joe Hogsett ( D )
Auditor : Julie Voorhies ( D )
Clerk : Myla A. Eldrige ( D )
Coroner : Dr. Lee Sloan ( D )
Assessor : Joseph P. O'Connor ( D )
Prosecutor : Ryan Mears ( D )
Recorder : Kate Sweeney Bell ( D )
Sheriff : Kerry J. Forestal ( D )
Surveyor : Debra S. Jenkins ( D )
Treasurer : Barbara A. Lawrence ( D )
The Auditor , Assessor , and Treasurer form the county 's Board of Commissioners .
For most of the 20th century , Marion County was considered one of the most conservative urban counties in the nation . Between 1896 and 2000 , it went Democratic only four times , in the national landslides of 1932 , 1936 and 1964 as well as 1912 when Woodrow Wilson won a plurality in the county . The Republican edge began to lessen considerably in the 1990s , and in 2004 John Kerry became the first Democrat since Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 to carry the county . The trend continued in 2008 and 2012 with Barack Obama showing strongly in Marion County , winning 63 % and 60 % of the vote respectively . Hillary Clinton won it with 58 percent in 2016 , and Joe Biden took 63 percent in 2020 . Biden 's 247,772 votes is the highest number of votes a candidate has ever received in the county . It is now one of the few Democratic bastions in traditionally heavily Republican central Indiana .
The six northern and central townships lean more Democratic , especially Center township containing Downtown Indianapolis , and Pike Township in the northwestern corner with an African-American majority . In contrast , the three less-populated southern townships with a higher Caucasian population ( Decatur , Perry and Franklin ) lean more Republican .
Education
School districts include :
Beech Grove City Schools
Decatur Township Metropolitan School District
Franklin Township Community School Corporation
Indianapolis Public Schools
Lawrence Township Metropolitan School District
Perry Township Metropolitan School District
Pike Township Metropolitan School District
Speedway School Town
Warren Township Metropolitan School District
Washington Township Metropolitan School District
Wayne Township Metropolitan School District
It also has the following state-operated schools :
Indiana School for the Blind and Visually Impaired
Indiana School for the Deaf
See also
Marion County Fair ( Indiana )
References
External links
Indianapolis and Marion County Official Website
Marion County Sheriff 's Office Official Website
Marion County InDepth Profile : STATS Indiana
County Highlights : Marion County : Hoosiers by the Numbers
Indiana counties
1822 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1822
Indianapolis metropolitan area
Ganado High School is a high school in Ganado , Arizona . It is the only high school under the jurisdiction of the Ganado Unified School District .
In addition to Ganado the district serves Burnside , Cornfields , Klagetoh , Steamboat , and Toyei .
References
Public high schools in Arizona
Education on the Navajo Nation
Schools in Apache County , Arizona
Julien Chauvin ( born 17 April 1975 ) is a French former professional tennis player .
Chauvin played collegiate tennis for the University of Mobile in Alabama , then competed on the professional tour during the late 1990s , reaching the best singles world ranking of 184 . They made the third and final qualifying round for the 1997 French Open , with wins over Mark Knowles and Joan Balcells ( retired hurt ) . Their only ATP Tour main draw appearance came at the 1997 Marbella Open , where they lost in the first round to seventh seed Julián Alonso .
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
French male tennis players
Mobile Rams athletes
College men 's tennis players in the United States
The Sabres of Paradise were a British electronic music group from London . They consisted of Andrew Weatherall , Jagz Kooner , and Gary Burns .
History
The Sabres of Paradise were formed in London , England in 1992 . Andrew Weatherall formed the group with engineers Jagz Kooner and Gary Burns and became responsible for the Sabresonic warehouse raves . The group 's debut studio album , Sabresonic , was released in 1993 . It peaked at number 29 on the UK Albums Chart . NME named it the 23rd best album of 1993 . The group released Haunted Dancehall in 1994 . It peaked at number 57 on the UK Albums Chart . NME named it the 47th best album of 1994 . It was included on the list of 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die . The group released Sabresonic II in 1995 . It peaked at number 88 on the UK Albums Chart .
The group dissolved in 1995 . Weatherall went on to form Two Lone Swordsmen with Keith Tenniswood while Kooner and Burns carried on working together with The Aloof .
Style and influences
In 2011 , the then head of music at BBC Radio 1 , Christopher Price , highlighted the In the Nursery remix of `` Haunted Dancehall '' as the style of music that would be played on pop radio to prepare audiences before cutting to an announcement of major news such as the death of the Queen .
Discography
Studio albums
Sabresonic ( Warp , 1993 )
Haunted Dancehall ( Warp , 1994 )
Sabresonic II ( Warp , 1995 )
Compilation albums
Septic Cuts ( Sabres of Paradise , 1994 )
Deep Cuts ( Sabres of Paradise , 1994 )
Versus ( Warp , 1995 )
Singles
`` Smokebelch II '' ( Warp , 1993 )
`` United '' ( Sabres of Paradise , 1993 )
`` Theme '' ( Sabres of Paradise , 1994 )
`` Wilmot '' ( Warp , 1994 )
`` Wilmot II '' ( Warp , 1994 )
`` Jam J '' ( Fontana Records , 1994 )
`` Haunted Dancehall ( As Performed by In the Nursery ) '' ( Warp , 1995 )
`` Duke of Earlsfield ( LFO Mix ) '' / `` Bubble & Slide ( Nightmares on Wax Mix ) '' ( Warp , 1995 )
`` Tow Truck ( Chemical Brothers Mix ) '' / `` Tow Truck ( Depth Charge Mix ) '' ( Warp , 1995 )
`` Ysaebud '' ( Special Emissions , 1997 )
`` Lick Wid Nit Wit '' ( Elastic Dreams , 2018 )
References
External links
British electronic music groups
Musical groups established in 1992
Musical groups disestablished in 1995
Musical groups from London
Warp ( record label ) artists
The Kyōtoku incident ( 享徳の乱 , Kyōtoku no Ran ) was a long series of skirmishes and conflicts fought for control of the Kantō region of Japan in the 15th century . The conflict began in 1454 with the assassination of Uesugi Noritada by Kantō kubō Ashikaga Shigeuji . The Ashikaga , Uesugi , and other clans then leapt to battle , either defending or assaulting Shigeuji . The chaos ended in 1482 , when a peace was negotiated .
Chronology
Ashikaga Shigeuji was appointed to the post of Kantō kubō ( shōguns deputy in the Kantō region ) in 1449 , the first Ashikaga to hold the post since their father 's death ten years earlier . At that point , in 1439 , Uesugi Norizane had seized power for their clan . Ten years later , the Uesugi remained powerful in the Kantō ; in 1454 , Shigeuji arranged to have their deputy , Uesugi Noritada , killed .
This was taken as rebellion against the Ashikaga shogunate , and armed conflict quickly broke out . The Uesugi clan mobilized to attack Shigeuji , and , loyal to the shogunate , captured and burned Kamakura , which was the center of the Kantō bureaucracy and Shigeuji 's home . Shigeuji then fled the area , to Koga , in Shimotsuke Province , and became known as the Koga kubō . The Uesugi called for the shogunate to send a new kubō to replace Shigeuji , and in 1459 , the shōguns brother , Ashikaga Masatomo , arrived to take up that position . However , Shigeuji 's supporters refused to acknowledge this , and maintained Shigeuji 's rightful claim to the post . Masatomo set up their new home in Horigoe , in Izu Province . As the fighting continued , both claimed to be on the side of the shogunate ; but both sides prevented one another from wielding true power , and so the Uesugi were once again in control of the region .
Due to their growing power and numbers , the Uesugi clan now split in three branches ( Yamanouchi , Ōgigayatsu , and Inukake ) , named after the localities within the Kantō where they resided .
The Ōnin War broke out in Kyoto in 1467 , signalling the end of the shogunate 's real power and the beginning of the Sengoku period , a period of chaos and war which would last 150 years . Fighting in the Kantō between the Ashikaga and Uesugi calmed for about ten years , resuming in 1477 and ending in 1482 , with negotiations for peace .
Notes
References
Frédéric , Louis ( 2002 ) . Japan Encyclopedia . Cambridge : Harvard University Press . ; OCLC 48943301
Matsuo , Kenji . ( 1997 ) . Chūsei toshi Kamakura wo aruku : Minamoto no Yoritomo kara Uesugi Kenshin made ( 中世都市鎌倉を步く 源頼朝から上杉謙信まで ) . Tokyo : Chūō Kōronsha . ;
Hall , John Whitney . ( 1988 ) . The Cambridge History of Japan : Medieval Japan . Cambridge : Cambridge University Press .
Sansom , George Bailey . ( 1961 ) . A History of Japan : 1334–1615 . Stanford : Stanford University Press .
Wars involving Japan
15th century in Japan
1450s in Japan
1454 in Asia
1480s in Japan
1482 in Asia
1460s in Japan
1470s in Japan
We Have the Right to Remain Violent is the sixth album by American rap group South Central Cartel . Havikk The Rhime Son is not featured in any songs .
Track listing
Intro
The War Is On ( featuring 40 Glocc )
My Hood Yo Hood ( featuring Daz Dillinger )
Imagine that
Up in Here
G ' z Run the Blocc
Cadillac Dee ( Skit )
Thug Thang
Hood Iz Callin '
Doin It ( Skit )
Bacc Up
Fakes
Micky D 's ( Skit )
West Coast Riders
Cadillac Dee ( Skit 2 )
After Hours
Shake 'Em Off
Follow Me
Cartel Hataz
Dippin '
Half Azz Geez
Non Stop
Game
M-Rights
No Joke
That 's My Shit ( featuring Jaz-Mina )
2002 albums
South Central Cartel albums
Albums produced by Prodeje
Clarence H. Beecher ( October 9 , 1877 – November 21 , 1959 ) was an American physician and politician who served as the 25th Mayor of Burlington , Vermont . Their eight-vote victory against James E. Burke in 1927 is the smallest margin of victory in any Burlington mayoral race .
Early life
Beecher was born on a farm in Granville , New York on October 9 , 1877 , the son David O. Beecher and Mary E. Waring . In 1900 , they graduated from the University of Vermont medical college with the highest honors . They did post-graduate studies in Boston , New York City , and Philadelphia , as well as studying internal medicine in Vienna , Austria . They practiced in Burlington and was a member of the faculty at the University of Vermont . Beecher was the first doctor to use insulin in Vermont .
Career
In 1919 , they were given the Republican nomination for Ward Two 's alderman election and defeated Robert Cannon with 601 votes to 257 votes . On February 20 , 1922 , they were renominated by the Republican city committee for alderman and faced no opposition in the election due to the Democratic city committee not selecting a candidate . On February 16 , 1924 , they declined to seek reelection and the Republican nomination for Ward Two 's alderman was given to Ralph H. Robinson .
Mayoral
On February 2 , 1925 , they announced that they would seek the Republican nomination for mayor and was given the nomination by unanimity on February 11 . Beecher defeated former Mayor James E. Burke of the Citizens Party and President of the Board of Alderman George L. Edwards of the Nonpartisan League and Democratic Party with 2,429 votes to 1,845 votes and 994 votes . During their tenure the Burlington City Hall , Memorial Auditorium , Central Fire Station , and the Winooski Bridge were all constructed and they managed recovery in Burlington following the Great Vermont Flood of 1927 . In 1927 , they narrowly defeated James E. Burke again by only 89 votes with 3,191 votes to 3,108 votes . Due to the closeness of the election Burke filed a lawsuit attempting to remove Beecher from office , but the Vermont Supreme Court ruled in Beecher 's favor on January 2 , 1929 , although it decreased their vote total to 3,016 . They chose not to run for reelection in 1929 and was succeeded by former Mayor John Holmes Jackson .
Later life
In 1932 , they served as a delegate to the Vermont Republican Party 's state convention . On March 12 , 1934 , Beecher was given the Republican nomination for Ward Five alderman with 19 votes against Meader Martin 's 3 votes and on March 27 , 1934 , they narrowly defeated Democratic Oscar H. Heininger by 28 votes for Ward Five 's alderman seat with 553 votes to 525 votes in a special election to fill the seat following E. Lloyd Gillett 's resignation . They did not seek reelection in 1935 , and was succeeded by Frank J. Hendee after they defeated Meader Martin in the general election .
On January 13 , 1953 , the Republican city committee gave them the mayoral nomination , but was defeated in a landslide by incumbent Democratic Mayor J. Edward Moran with 5,091 votes to 3,403 votes and they performed worse than Republican aldermen in every ward except in ward one . During the mayoral race they criticized Moran for their handling of Burlington 's new electric generator plant and blamed them for its poor management .
From 1941 to 1945 , they served as dean of the University of Vermont 's medical college and in 1958 , the University of Vermont awarded them the honorary degree of Doctor of Science . On November 11 , 1959 , Beecher suffered a heart attack and was taken to Mary Fletcher Hospital ( now the University of Vermont Medical Center ) , where they died on November 21 . They were buried at Lakeview Cemetery in Burlington .
Family
In 1904 , Beecher married Florence Jeanette Russell ( 1882-1957 ) . They were the parents of two children , John ( 1906-1981 ) and Jeanette ( 1909-1997 ) . They divorced in May 1931 and on June 8 , 1931 , they married Reba Mildred Jones ( 1909-1996 ) .
References
1877 births
1959 deaths
People from Granville , New York
University of Vermont alumni
Physicians from Vermont
Vermont Republicans
Mayors of Burlington , Vermont
20th-century American politicians
Burials at Lakeview Cemetery ( Burlington , Vermont )
In molecular biology , the type IV collagen C4 domain ( or collagen IV NC1 domain ) is a duplicated domain present at the C-terminus of type IV collagens . Each type IV collagen contains a long triple-helical collagenous domain flanked by a short 7S domain of 25 amino acids and a globular non-collagenous C4 domain of ~230 amino acids at the N and C terminus , respectively . In protomer assembly , the C4 domains of three chains interact , forming an C4 trimer , to select and register chains for triple helix formation . In network assembly , the C4 trimers of two protomers interact , forming a C4 hexamer structure , to select and connect protomers .
The collagen IV C4 domain contains 12 cysteines , and all of them are involved in disulphide bonds . It folds into a tertiary structure with predominantly beta-strands . The collagen IV C4 domain is composed of two similarly folded subdomains stabilised by 3 intrachain disulphide bonds involving the following pairs : C1-C6 , C2-C5 , and C3-C4 . Each subdomain represents a compact disulphide-stabilised triangular structure , from which a finger-like hairpin loop projects into an incompletely formed six-stranded beta-sheet of an adjacent subdomain of the same or of an adjacent chain clamping the subdomains tightly together .
References
Protein domains
Stelvio Cipriani ( 20 August 1937 – 1 October 2018 ) , also known as Viostel , was an Italian composer , mostly of motion picture soundtracks .
Biography
Though not raised with a strong musical upbringing , as a child Cipriani was fascinated by their church 's organ . Their priest gave Cipriani their first music lessons and encouraged the boy and their family . Cipriani attended the Santa Cecilia Conservatory starting at the age of 14 . Around this time , they played in cruise ship bands , enabling them to meet Dave Brubeck . Upon returning to Italy , they began working as piano accompaniment for Rita Pavone .
Cipriani 's first soundtrack was for the Spaghetti Western The Bounty Killer ( 1966 ) . This was followed by their more widely known score for The Stranger Returns ( a 1967 film , also known by the alternate titles A Man , a Horse , a Gun and Shoot First , Laugh Last , starring Tony Anthony ) . Cipriani would go on to compose other Spaghetti Western scores and also began composing poliziottesco soundtracks .
Cipriani became prolific in the Italian film world , eventually garnering a Nastro d'Argento for Best Score award for The Anonymous Venetian ( 1970 ) . Furthermore , one of Cipriani 's most famous scores would come about in 1973 , the soundtrack for La polizia sta a guardare ( The Great Kidnapping ) . The main theme was recycled by Cipriani in 1977 for the score to Tentacoli . This track was brought to the public 's attention again in 2007 when it was featured in Quentin Tarantino 's Death Proof . Some of the themes from La polizia sta a guardare were also used by Hélène Cattet & Bruno Forzani in the soundtrack for their first feature Amer . Cipriani was also noted for their score of the 1979 film The Concorde Affair .
In a 2007 interview , Cipriani said that they had composed music for Pope John Paul II and was working with Pope Benedict XVI .
In 2014 they released their original composition `` Anonimo Veneziano '' ( `` To Be the One You Love '' ) with the voice of International Recording Artist Veronica Vitale .
In 2017 they took part in some chapters of the episodic docufilm `` Diario Di Bordo , Inside the Outsider , '' promoted by international recording artist Veronica Vitale .
Selected filmography
References
External links
1937 births
2018 deaths
Italian film score composers
Italian male film score composers
Spaghetti Western composers
Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia alumni
Nastro d'Argento winners
Musicians from Rome
Mount Barnard is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia , NW of the head of Waitabit Creek and North of Golden . It is the 30th highest peak in Alberta and the 42nd highest peak in British Columbia . It was named in 1917 by boundary surveyors after Sir Francis Stillman Barnard , a Lieutenant Governor of BC during the 1910s . It should not be confused with the higher Californian peak of the same name .
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
List of mountains in the Canadian Rockies
References
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
Mountains of Banff National Park
The following is a list of all team-to-team transactions that have occurred in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) during the 1945–46 NHL season . It lists which team each player has been traded to and for which player ( s ) or other consideration ( s ) , if applicable .
Transactions
Notes
Getliffe replaced by Fern Gauthier on October 18 , 1945 after Getliffe retired .
References
Transactions
National Hockey League transactions
Moldova sent a delegation to participate at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 to 18 September 2016 . This was the Eastern European 's country sixth appearance in the Summer Paralympic Games since their debut twenty years prior at the 1996 Summer Paralympics . Moldova sent three athletes to these Games , shot put thrower Oxana Spataur , powerlifter Larisa Marinenkova and short-distance swimmer Alexandr Covaliov . Spataur qualified on merit and Covaliov and Marienkova were invited by the Bipartite Commission . Neither Spataur nor Covaliov advanced out of the heats of their events and Marienkova finished seventh in the women 's 73kg powerlifting category .
Background
Moldova first appeared in Paralympic competition at the 1996 Summer Paralympics . They have competed in every Summer Paralympic Games since , making Rio de Janeiro its sixth appearance at a Summer Paralympiad . They have never participated in the Winter Paralympic Games , but have won two medals ( one each in athletics and table tennis ) at the Summer Paralympics . The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part . Shot put thrower Oxana Spataur , powerlifter Larisa Marinenkova and short-distance swimmer Alexandr Covaliov were the three athletes selected by Moldova to compete in Rio de Janeiro . They travelled to Brazil on 2 September . Marinenkova was selected as the flag bearer for the parade of nations during the opening ceremony .
Disability classification
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Athletics
Oxana Spataru was 18 years old at the time of the Rio Summer Paralympic Games and the youngest athlete to compete for Moldova . These Rio Summer Games were their first time competing in the Paralympic movement . Spataru 's disability is congenital ; they are of short stature , measuring tall , and took up powerlifting at the age of 14 . They qualified for the Paralympics by finishing fourth in the women 's shot put competition at the 2016 IPC Athletics European Championships . Spataru trained for the Paralympics in a gymnasium at a specialist school . On 11 September , Spataru participated in the women 's shot put F40 category . They recorded marks of , and , the first of which was a personal best for Spataru and it ranked their tenth and last out of all the competing athletes .
Field Events — Women
Powerlifting
At the age of 39 , Larisa Marinenkova was the oldest athlete to represent Moldova at the Rio Paralympics . They were competing in the Paralympic Games for the third time , having represented Moldova at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Paralympics . Marinenkvoa has been affected by cerebral palsy since childhood , resulting in permanent muscle weakness , and works as an engineer at a state-owned enterprise . They attained qualification to the Games by the Paralympic Committee of Moldova being granted an invitation for Marinenkova by the Bipartite Commission to allow them to compete after they did not meet the qualifying standards for powerlifting . Marinenkova said that they had `` great expectations '' for their performance and they wanted to improve on their non-finish from the 2012 Paralympic Games . On 12 September , they competed in the women 's 73kg powerlifting category . Marinenkova failed to lift at their first attempt but succeeded on the second try . They lifted on their third attempt and this put their seventh and last out of all competitors .
Women
Swimming
Alexandr Covaliov was taking part in their first Summer Paralympic Games and they were the sole male athlete to compete on Moldova 's behalf in Rio . They were aged 32 at the time of the Games . They lost their vision in an accident that burned their eyes at the age of 16 and they took up swimming to aid in their recovery . Covaliov qualified for the Paralympics by receiving an invitation from the Bipartite Commission . On 12 September , they took part in the men 's 50 metres freestyle S11 category . Assigned to heat one , Covaliov completed the race in 33.30 seconds , which put them eighth and last out of all swimmers in their heat . As only the top eight advanced to the final , they were eliminated because they came sixteenth and last overall . Three days later , Covaliov participated in the men 's 100 metre freestyle S11 class and was drawn to heat two . They finished seventh and last with a time of 1 minute and 18.06 seconds . This ranked Covaliov 13th and last overall and their competition came to an end since the competition 's format allowed only the top four in its two heats to progress to the final .
Men
See also
Moldova at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Moldova
Vrtanes also known Saint Vrtanes ( ) was the Catholicos of the Armenian Apostolic Church . Vrtanes succeeded immediately after St. Gregory I the Enlightener and Aristaces as third in line in the then-hereditary Parthian line of Catholicoi . Vrtanes was the first son born to St. Gregory I the Enlightener by their wife Miriam and their younger brother was Aristaces . They were the father of St. Husik I and Gregory by an unnamed wife . They reigned from 333 to 341 .
See also
Gregorids
340s deaths
Armenian saints
Catholicoi of Armenia
Year of birth unknown
The Odessa metropolitan statistical area , as defined by the United States Census Bureau , is an area consisting of one county , Ector , in West Texas , anchored by the city of Odessa . As of the 2010 census , the MSA had a population of 137,130 ( though a July 1 , 2011 estimate placed the population at 140,111 ) .
The Odessa metropolitan area is also a component of the Midland–Odessa combined statistical area , which covers two counties ( Ector and Midland ) and had an estimated population of 280,419 as of July 1 , 2011 .
Counties
Ector
Communities
Gardendale ( census-designated place )
City of Goldsmith
City of Odessa ( partly in Midland County )
West Odessa ( census-designated place )
Penwell ( unincorporated )
Pleasant Farms ( unincorporated )
Notrees ( unincorporated )
See also
Texas census statistical areas
References
Metropolitan areas of Texas
Herbert Lippert ( born 7 October 1957 ) is an Austrian operatic tenor .
Life
Born in Linz , Lippert was a soloist with the Vienna Boys ' Choir , studied music teaching at the University of Vienna and graduated with distinction . As a member of the ensemble of the Vienna State Opera they have specialised as a Mozart singer .
They have worked with Sir Georg Solti and Wolfgang Sawallisch , under whose direction numerous recordings such as Haydn 's Die Schöpfung , Mozart 's Don Giovanni and Wagner 's Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg were made . Lippert worked several times with the conductors Nikolaus Harnoncourt , Franz Welser-Möst , Riccardo Muti and Fabio Luisi .
In 2009/10 they made recordings and gave concerts with Harnoncourt and the Concentus Musicus Wien , with Luisi and the Sächsische Staatskapelle Dresden , with Franz Welser-Möst and the Wiener Philharmoniker , as well as opera appearances at the Vienna Volksoper and at the Graz Opera .
In June 2014 , they performed at the Vienna State Opera as the replacement of Peter Seiffert who was indisposed in Act 2 as Siegmund in Wagner 's Die Walküre . On 15 November 2014 Lippert appeared as Golizyn in Vienna in a new production of Mussorgsky 's Khovanshchina .
Awards
In 1997 they were awarded a Grammy Award for their interpretation of David in Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg .
Discography
An extensive discography of Lippert is available ( as of 2010 ) with well over 300 recordings . Recordings include :
Tamino in Mozart 's Die Zauberflöte , 1994 , conducted by Michael Halász .
David in Wagner 's Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg , 1996 , conducted by Georg Solti .
Bibliography
Herbert Lippert in Oesterreichisches Musiklexikon . Online edition , Vienna 2002 ff. , ; Druckausgabe : volume 3 , Verlag der Österreichischen Akademie der Wissenschaften , Vienna 2004 , .
References
External links
Official website
Herbert Lippert on Amazon
Herbert Lippert on blmo
Herbert Lippert singt Arie aus Giuditta von Franz Lehar ( YouTube )
1957 births
Living people
Musicians from Linz
Austrian operatic tenors
Heldentenors
The Tenor Scene ( also released as The Breakfast Show ) is a live album by saxophonists Eddie `` Lockjaw '' Davis and Johnny Griffin recorded at Minton 's Playhouse in 1961 and released on the Prestige label .
Reception
The Allmusic site awarded the album 3 stars with the review by Scott Yanow stating : `` The straight-ahead music contains plenty of sparks ; this was a classic group . ''
Track listing
`` Light and Lovely '' ( Eddie `` Lockjaw '' Davis , George Duvivier ) - 11:33
`` Straight , No Chaser '' ( Thelonious Monk ) - 10:03
`` Woody 'n ' You '' ( Dizzy Gillespie ) - 7:20
`` Bingo Domingo '' ( Eddie `` Lockjaw '' Davis ) - 4:33
`` I 'll Remember April '' ( Gene de Paul , Patricia Johnston , Don Raye ) - 9:29
Personnel
Eddie `` Lockjaw '' Davis - tenor saxophone
Johnny Griffin - tenor saxophone
Junior Mance - piano
Larry Gales - bass
Ben Riley - drums
References
1960 live albums
Eddie `` Lockjaw '' Davis live albums
Johnny Griffin live albums
Albums produced by Esmond Edwards
Prestige Records live albums
Beoncy Laishram ( born , Boboi Laishram ) is the first North East Indian trans woman doctor . As of 2021 , they are the only transgender doctor from Manipur state . Trans women in Manipur see them as a symbol of hope . In Manipur , there is a lot of discrimination against trans women . Beoncy is a post-operative trans woman . They had sex reassignment surgery in Puducherry .
Beoncy is a Resident Medical Officer ( RMO ) at the Shija Hospitals and Research Institute in Imphal .
Early life and career
Beoncy Laishram is the youngest of the three siblings . Them father was a bus driver . When Laishram was in Class 8 at Human Resource Development ( HRD ) School in Imphal , they began to understand that they were trans and not cisgender . They did not tell anyone they had a female gender identity until they were in their third year of MBBS . Instead , they lived as a man . In 2013 , when their family learned about their real gender identity , they were upset . Them father tried to kill himself . In the same year , they changed their name from the masculine `` Boboi '' to feminine `` Beoncy '' . They did this so they could be in the beauty contest `` Miss Trans Queen North East '' in 2013 .
Laishram said :
`` Friends were abusive , they taunted at me wherever I went . I withdrew into my closet to avoid the mental torture . It was a continuous struggle to establish my identity and make people accept it . ''
They started taking classes at MBBS in 2011 and finished in 2015 . In 2016 , they realised that they could not live as a man any longer . They openly told people they were a transgender woman ( ) .
After working for some time in the Babu Jagjivanram Memorial Hospital in New Delhi , they worked in the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences ( NEIGRIHMS ) in Shillong as a junior resident doctor for one year . Later , they joined at the Shija Hospital and Research Center in Imphal as a Resident Medical Officer ( RMO ) .
They were the first transgender doctor from North East India . They said :
`` I look like a woman now . So , no one realise I am a trans person until they hear my voice . Some people are startled , but that is it . I have been working here since November 2019 . ''
Being a former student in the Regional Institute of Medical Sciences ( RIMS ) , Imphal , they always help disadvantaged transgender people ( ) to find proper health care .
They are taking a post-graduate program in plastic surgery . They are also fighting the COVID-19 pandemic as a doctor .
See also
Bishesh Huirem
Robert Naorem
References
Meitei people
Indian activists
Living people
Transgender women
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Caura antbird ( Myrmelastes caurensis ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae . It is found in Brazil and Venezuela . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
Caura antbird
Birds of the Venezuelan Amazon
Caura antbird
Caura antbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Vornicu may refer to :
Valentin Vornicu ( born 1983 ) , Romanian poker player and mathematician
Vornicu River , river in Romania
Lake Hitchcock was a glacial lake that formed approximately 15,000 years ago in the late Pleistocene epoch . After the Laurentide Ice Sheet retreated , glacial ice melt accumulated at the terminal moraine and blocked up the Connecticut River , creating the long , narrow lake . The lake existed for approximately 3,000 years , after which a combination of erosion and continuing geological changes likely caused it to drain . At its longest , Lake Hitchcock stretched from the moraine dam at present-day Rocky Hill , Connecticut , to St. Johnsbury , Vermont ( about ) . Although the rift valley through which the river flows above Rocky Hill actually continues south to New Haven , on Long Island Sound , the obstructing moraine at Rocky Hill diverted the river southeast to its present mouth at Old Saybrook .
Lake Hitchcock is an important part of the geology of Connecticut . It experienced annual layering of sediments , or varves : silt and sand in the summertime ( due to glacial meltwater ) and clay in the wintertime ( as the lake froze ) . Analysis of varves along Canoe Brook in Vermont was conducted by John Ridge and Frederick Larsen , including radiocarbon dating of organic materials . Their research indicates that the lake formed sometime prior to around 15,600 years ago . Later , abrupt changes in sediment composition around 12,400 years ago appear to mark the initial breaching of the lake 's dam . These varved lake deposits were later used by European settlers for brick-making . The lake was named after Edward Hitchcock , a geologist from Amherst College who had studied it .
References
See also
Champlain Sea
Lake Albany
Lake Connecticut
Lake Merrimack
Lake Stowe
Former lakes of the United States
Connecticut River
Proglacial lakes
Glacial lakes of the United States
This is a list of media outlets in the city of Thunder Bay , Ontario , Canada .
Television
Thunder Bay receives CTV and Global service from a locally owned twinstick operation rather than network-owned stations , the largest city in Canada and the only one in Ontario with such an arrangement .
Thunder Bay Television usually uses the on-air branding scheme of Thunder Bay Television , and then the name of the network to which the channel is affiliated , except in cases when the channel is airing programming from a network to which it is not affiliated , when the network name is substituted for the channel 's call sign .
WBKP channel 5 , the CW affiliate in Calumet , Michigan can be received in Thunder Bay with an outdoor roof antenna and a digital-capable television or receiver .
Cable
The cable provider in Thunder Bay is Shaw . The community channel on Shaw Cable is branded as Shaw TV , and airs on cable channel 10 .
American network affiliates on cable in Thunder Bay come from Minneapolis–Saint Paul : KSTP-TV ( ABC ) , WCCO-TV ( CBS ) , KARE ( NBC ) , KTCA ( PBS/TPT ) and KMSP-TV ( Fox ) . Other Canadian network affiliates available to all cable subscribers in Thunder Bay include CBLT-DT ( CBC ) and CBLFT-DT ( Ici Radio-Canada ) from Toronto , Ontario and CFTM-DT ( TVA ) from Montreal , Quebec .
Radio
Thunder Bay is home to 11 radio stations , all of which broadcast on the FM band .
There are four commercial radio stations based in the city — Rock 94.3 and CKPR 91.5 , owned by Dougall Media , the parent company of Thunder Bay Television and Thunder Bay 's Source , and 99.9 The Bay and Country 105 , owned by Acadia Broadcasting Limited . The city receives CBC Radio One as CBQT-FM and CBC Music as CBQ-FM , at 88.3 FM and 101.7 FM respectively . The French Première Chaîne is available as a repeater of Sudbury-based CBON-FM on 89.3 FM . Lakehead University operates a campus radio station , CILU-FM , at 102.7 FM .
On May 16 , 2008 , the Native Evangelical Fellowship of Canada was given approval by the CRTC for a broadcasting licence to operate a specialty low-power FM commercial radio programming undertaking in Pickle Lake and a transmitter in Thunder Bay . The station broadcasts at 96.5 FM in Pickle Lake and has a rebroadcaster at 98.1 FM in Thunder Bay . It airs content in English , Ojibwe , Cree , and Oji-Cree
Out-of-market radio
One station , CFQK , operates outside of Thunder Bay , broadcasting on 104.5 FM in Kaministiquia . The main signal is not widely receivable in Thunder Bay itself , although the station also has a rebroadcaster on 103.5 FM in Shuniah , with the call sign CKED , which can be heard in the northeastern part of Thunder Bay . As of 2020 , the station broadcasts a hot adult contemporary format , branded as Energy 103 & 104 . CFQK-FM and its rebroadcaster CKED-FM had gone through a number of format changes since the station was launched in 2002 .
Print media
Thunder Bay has one daily newspaper , The Chronicle-Journal , which has a circulation of approximately 28,000 and has coverage of all of Northwestern Ontario . There are two weekly newspapers — Thunder Bay 's Source , operated by Dougall Media , and Canadan Sanomat , a Finnish language paper .
Thunder Bay also has a locally owned monthly arts and culture magazine , The Walleye , which is distributed for free throughout the city and surrounding area . The Walleye is also available online and the website provides insight into the local arts , culture and entertainment scene .
Superior Outdoors is a locally owned outdoor lifestyle magazine that is published twice a year ( November and May ) . The magazine was started in 2007 .
Lakehead University 's student newspaper is called The Argus , and is published weekly during the school year .
The Chronicle Journal publishes a free weekly called Spot every Thursday , focusing on entertainment .
The city produces a bi-monthly publication to citizens titled yourCity , which is also available online in a PDF format .
Netnewsledger is a daily updated website that reproduces press releases and lists current events in Thunder Bay , and allows politicians to connect to their constituents .
Great Expectations Marketing publishes four quarterly community newspapers : Bay & Algoma Community , Current River Times , Simpson & Victoria Place , and Westfort Community . The community newspapers feature various local businesses and also support local charities and nonprofit organizations . The newspapers are delivered to community households .
References
Thunder Bay
Media , Thunder Bay
The French destroyer Chacal was the name ship of their class of destroyers ( contre-torpilleur ) built for the French Navy during the 1920s . Initially assigned to the Mediterranean Squadron , they spent most of the following decade as a training ship . The ship was assigned convoy escort duties in the Atlantic after the start of World War II in September 1939 until they were committed to the English Channel after the Battle of France began in May 1940 . Chacal was crippled by German bombers and artillery on 23/24 May and had to beach themselves near Boulogne-sur-Mer .
Design and description
The Chacal-class ships were designed to counter the large Italian s. They had an overall length of , a beam of , and a draft of . The ships displaced at standard and at deep load . They were powered by two geared steam turbines , each driving one propeller shaft , using steam provided by five du Temple boilers . The turbines were designed to produce , which would propel the ship at . During their sea trials on 18 May 1926 , Chacals turbines provided and they reached for a single hour . The ships carried of fuel oil which gave them a range of at . Their crew consisted of 10 officers and 187 crewmen in peacetime and 12 officers and 209 enlisted men in wartime .
The main armament of the Chacal-class ships consisted of five Canon de 130 mm Modèle 1919 guns in single mounts , one superfiring pair fore and aft of the superstructure and the fifth gun abaft the aft funnel . The guns were numbered ' 1 ' to ' 5 ' from front to rear . Their anti-aircraft armament consisted of two Canon de 75 mm modèle 1924 guns in single mounts positioned amidships . The ships carried two above-water triple sets of torpedo tubes . A pair of depth charge chutes were built into their stern ; these housed a total of twenty depth charges . They were also fitted with four depth-charge throwers for which they carried a dozen depth charges .
Construction and career
Chacal , named after the jackal , was ordered on 26 February 1923 from the Ateliers et Chantiers de Penhoët . They were laid down on 18 September 1923 at their shipyard in Saint-Nazaire , launched on 27 September 1924 , commissioned on 1 May 1926 , completed on 28 July and entered service on 23 December . Completion was delayed by problems with their propulsion machinery and late deliveries by sub-contractors . Even before they were formally completed , they participated in two Baltic cruises in mid-1926 and made another cruise in the Eastern Atlantic in November–December . Chacal was assigned to the 1st Large Destroyer Division ( ) ( DCT ) of the Mediterranean Squadron ( renamed 5th Light Division ( ) ( DL ) of the First Squadron ( ) on 1 February 1927 ) based at Toulon upon completion , together with their sister ships and . On 27 April 1927 , the ship participated in a naval review by Gaston Doumergue , President of France , off Marseilles . The following month , they were one of the ships that escorted Doumergue across the English Channel during their state visit to Britain in May–June 1927 . The ship was present when they next reviewed the fleet on 3 July 1928 off Le Havre .
Chacal and Tigre escorted the light cruiser to French West Africa between 13 January and 10 April 1931 . The four depth charge throwers were removed from Chacal in 1932 and the ship was briefly assigned to the 9th DL of the Torpedo Training School ( ) at Toulon on 1 October until they were relieved of that assignment the following year . About a year later , the 75-millimeter guns were replaced by four twin mounts for anti-aircraft machineguns . On 15 July 1935 , Chacal and their sister of the 8th DL were assigned to the Naval School ( ) at Brest . On 12 April 1937 , the 8th DL was redesignated as the 2nd DCT ; their sister joined them in September .
By 7 September 1939 , Chacal was no longer a part of the 2nd DCT and was assigned to the Western Command ( ) for convoy escort duties from October to May 1940 where they guarded convoys traveling between Gibraltar and Brest as well as Casablanca , French Morocco , and Le Verdon-sur-Mer . In November , the ship had a British Type 123 ASDIC installed ; in addition two depth-charge throwers were reinstalled , No . 3 gun removed , and their depth charge stowage reduced to a dozen 200 kg and eight 100 kg depth charges to improve their stability .
By 22 May Chacal was reassigned to the 2nd DCT when the unit was tasked to carry demolition teams to the northernmost French ports ; the ship arrived at Calais that evening . Together with Léopard and eight smaller destroyers , Chacal bombarded advancing German troops as they approached the defenses of Boulogne-sur-Mer throughout the 23rd . During the night of 23–24 May , the ship was badly damaged by bombs from Heinkel They 111 bombers and shells from German artillery and had to be beached between Ambleteuse and Wimereux lest they sink .
Notes
References
Chacal-class destroyers
Ships built in France
1924 ships
Maritime incidents in May 1940
Destroyers sunk by aircraft
World War II shipwrecks in the English Channel
Ships sunk by German aircraft
Durjanwas is a village of Salempura Gram Panchayat , and is located in Lalsot Tehsil in Dausa District , Rajasthan , India . Its pin code is 303511 .
Geography
It is 329 metres above sea level .
References
Villages in Dausa district
Mount McGregor or variation , may refer to :
Mount McGregor Correctional Facility , a former New York State prison
Mount McGregor ( mountain ) , a mountain in the town of Wilton , New York , USA
McGregor Mountain ( Washington ) , USA ; a mountain
McGregor Mountain , ( New York ) , USA ; a mountain in Stamford , New York , USA
See also
McGregor Plateau , Nechaka Plateau , Interior Plateau , British Columbia , Canada ; a mountainous plateau
McGregor Range , Central Interior , British Columbia , Canada ; a mountain range
McGregor ( disambiguation )
Amirabad ( , also Romanized as Amīrābād ) is a village in Farmahin Rural District , in the Central District of Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 954 , in 222 families .
References
Populated places in Farahan County
The Official Languages Act 2003 ( ) is an Act of the Oireachtas of Ireland . The Act sets out rules regarding use of the Irish language by public bodies ; established the office of to monitor and enforce compliance by public bodies with the provisions of the Official Languages Act ; and made provision for the designation of official Irish-language versions of placenames and the removal of the official status of English placenames in the Gaeltacht . The Act is being implemented on a phased basis .
Equal status between the Irish Language and English Language
According to the Act the provision of services by the state in both the Irish and English languages should generally be the same . This means in practice that all state forms , documents and reports must be available in both languages and that Irish speakers should be able to do all of their business with the state through Irish if they so wish , subject to there being enough Irish speakers working in the public sector to provide the services . Also both the Irish language and English language should have equal status or prominence on most new state signage and stationery and there must be an Irish-language option on public sector customer phone lines and state-run websites . The Act also allowed for the introduction of bilingual automated speaker announcements on public transport and other less prominent instances of a bilingual policy in respect of the two official national languages . The only state-area not to be covered by the Official Languages Act in the Republic of Ireland to date is road signage whose policy falls under the Department of Transport . The Official Languages Act 2003 does not cover the business or private sectors .
Placenames under the Official Languages Act
On 30 October 2003 , Part 5 of the Official Languages Act came into effect . Under Part 5 , the Minister for Community , Rural and Gaeltacht Affairs ( now the Minister for Tourism , Culture , Arts , Gaeltacht , Sport and Media ) , having received and considered advice from ( The Placenames Commission ) , may by ministerial order declare the Irish-language version of a placename specified in a Placenames Order . The principal legal effects of a Placename Order are one or other of the following :
in respect of any placename outside the Gaeltacht , the Irish and the English versions of the placename have the same status and the same legal force and effect ; and
in respect of a placename in the Gaeltacht , the Irish version of the placename has legal force and effect while the English version of the placename has none .
Any Placenames Order is without prejudice to private use of the Irish or English-language versions of a placename . In many cases , it is also without prejudice to public use of a placename . However , where a Placenames Order is made in respect of placenames in the Gaeltacht , the English version of such placenames can not be used in three instances : in future Acts of the Oireachtas ; in road or street signs erected by or on behalf of a local authority ; and in Statutory Instruments . Under Irish law , a `` Statutory Instrument '' includes `` an order , regulation , rule , bye-law , warrant , licence , certificate , direction , notice , guideline or other like document made , issued , granted or otherwise created by or under an Act [ of the Oireachtas and certain pre-Irish constitution Acts ] '' .
The minister has now made several Placename Orders . Notably , on 28 March 2005 , the Minister made the Placenames ( Ceantair Ghaeltachta ) Order 2004 . This Placenames Order was in respect of placenames in the Gaeltacht and , therefore , one of its effects was to remove all legal force and effect from the English-language version of hundreds of placenames . As a result , today towns such as those formerly officially known as Belmullet and Spiddal are now , in law , known only as and . In Dingle , County Kerry , a plebiscite organised by Kerry County Council voted to restore the official status of the English name and to revert the official Irish name from to . The council action was , so in 2011 the Local Government Act 2001 was amended to make the name changes in relation to Dingle and to allow similar plebiscites elsewhere .
Official translations
Section 7 of the 2003 act requires that an official Irish translation of each act of the Oireachtas must be published simultaneously with the publication of its English version . However , several complex acts have sections making themselves exempt from this provision . A 2011 amendment to the act exempts electronic publishing of acts from the provision - Official Languages Act 2003 ( Section 9 ) Regulations 2008 .
Official Languages ( Amendment ) Act 2021
In 2011 then Minister of State for the Gaeltacht Dinny McGinley TD announced at that year 's Oireachtas na Gaeilge that they were launching a review of the Official Languages Act 2003 . The process , much to the dismay of many Irish speakers , only finished in December 2021 when the Official Languages ( Amendment ) Act 2021 was signed into law . The biggest aim of the act is for a quota of 20 % of public sectors jobs to be designated for Irish speakers by 2030 . The act further states that state companies will have to spend 20 % of their advertising budgets on advertising through the Irish language with a quarter of that 20 % at a minimum having to be spent on the Irish language media . And the act also complies State organisations to be obliged to spell Irish speakers names and addresses accurately with fadas for those Irish speakers who want to have their names and addresses spelt with fadas .
These measures are being brought in on a phased basis and as of mid-2022 have not been implemented yet .
20-year target
The successful implementation of the act forms part of the 20-Year Strategy for the Irish Language 2010–2030 to have at least 250,000 daily speakers of Irish by 2030 .
See also
An Coimisinéir Teanga - The Language Commissioner .
Irish language
Status of the Irish language
Gaeltacht - Irish speaking regions in Ireland .
Gaeltacht Act 2012
Údarás na Gaeltachta
Bailte Seirbhísí Gaeltachta - Gaeltacht Service Towns .
Líonraí Gaeilge - Irish Language Networks .
20-Year Strategy for the Irish Language 2010–2030
Gaelscoil - Irish language-medium primary school ( sometimes used to describe Irish-medium schools in general ) .
Gaelcholáiste - Irish language-medium secondary school .
Irish language outside Ireland
Gaelic Language ( Scotland ) Act 2005
Welsh Language Act 1993
References
External links
Official Languages Act 2003
Acht na dTeangacha Oifigiúla 2003
Irish language
2003 in Irish law
Acts of the Oireachtas of the 2000s
Language legislation
Sewell Anton Peterson ( February 28 , 1850 – September 20 , 1915 ) was an American politician .
Born in Norway , they settled in Wisconsin in 1861 . They were the son of Ole and Martha Peterson . They lived in Menomonie , Wisconsin , where they were a merchant . During that time , Peterson served on the Menomonie Common Council . Then they moved to Rice Lake , Wisconsin , where they served as city clerk , city treasurer , and mayor . In 1893 , they served in the Wisconsin State Assembly . From 1895 to 1899 , they served as the Wisconsin State Treasurer . They were an alternate delegate to Republican National Convention from Wisconsin in 1900 . They died in Rice Lake in 1915 after accidentally shooting themselves in the stomach while hunting . They were buried at the Nora Cemetery in Rice Lake , Wisconsin .
Notes
1850 births
1915 deaths
People from Menomonie , Wisconsin
People from Barron County , Wisconsin
Wisconsin city council members
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
State treasurers of Wisconsin
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
Norwegian emigrants to the United States
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American businesspeople
Hunting accident deaths
Firearm accident victims in the United States
Accidental deaths in Wisconsin
Deaths by firearm in Wisconsin
Marilyn Mims ( born September 8 , 1954 ) is an American operatic soprano who had an active career during the 1980s and 1990s . A regular performer at the Metropolitan Opera from 1988 to 1992 , their singing career was cut short after being diagnosed with endometriosis in 1995 . They notably sang the role of Ortlinde on the Met 's 1987 recording of Die Walküre under James Levine for Deutsche Grammophon , which won the Grammy Award for Best Opera Recording . They currently teach on the voice faculty at Palm Beach Atlantic University .
Life and career
Born and raised in Collins , Mississippi , Mims earned a bachelor 's degree in music from the University of Southern Mississippi and studied vocal performance at the Jacobs School of Music at Indiana University . At IU they were a pupil of renowned soprano Virginia Zeani . Marilyn Mims also studied voice with Dr. Jay W. Wilkey .
In 1986 Mims won the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions . They made their professional opera debut the following year at the New York City Opera as Violetta in Verdi 's La traviata . In 1988 they sang the role of Isabelle in Meyerbeer 's Robert le Diable with the Opera Orchestra of New York at Carnegie Hall . That same year they made their debut at the Met as Rosalinde in Die Fledermaus opposite Thomas Allen as Eisenstein and Judith Blegen as Adele . They continued to sing roles at the Met annually through 1992 , portraying Constanze in Die Entführung aus dem Serail , Donna Anna in Don Giovanni , Fiordiligi in Così fan tutte , Gilda in Rigoletto , Violetta in La traviata , and the title role in Lucia di Lammermoor .
In 1990 Mims made their debut at the San Francisco Opera as Nedda in Pagliacci . They returned to San Francisco in 1991 to portray Donna Anna in Don Giovanni . Other American companies they sang leading roles with included the Michigan Opera Theatre and the Santa Fe Opera .
References
Living people
American operatic sopranos
Jacobs School of Music alumni
Singers from Mississippi
Palm Beach Atlantic University faculty
People from Collins , Mississippi
University of Mississippi alumni
Winners of the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions
20th-century American women opera singers
1954 births
American women academics
21st-century American women
The 2016 NASCAR Whelen Southern Modified Tour was the fourteenth and final season of the NASCAR Whelen Southern Modified Tour ( WSMT ) . It began at Caraway Speedway on March 12 and concluded at Charlotte Motor Speedway on October 6 . Andy Seuss entered the season as the defending Drivers ' Champion . Burt Myers won the championship , 20 points in front of George Brunnhoelzl III .
The 2016 season was the final season before NASCAR merged the two modified tours for 2017 .
Drivers
Notes
Schedule
Four of the eleven races in the 2016 season were televised on NBCSN and were on a tape delay basis .
Notes
Results and standings
Races
Drivers ' championship
( key ) Bold – Pole position awarded by time . Italics – Pole position set by final practice results or Owner 's points . * – Most laps led .
Notes
1 – Jeremy Gerstner and Gary Putnam received championship points , despite the fact that they did not start the race .
2 – Kyle Ebersole and Austin Pickens received championship points , despite the fact that they did not qualify for the race .
3 – Scored points towards the Whelen Modified Tour .
See also
2016 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series
2016 NASCAR Xfinity Series
2016 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series
2016 NASCAR K & N Pro Series East
2016 NASCAR K & N Pro Series West
2016 NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour
2016 NASCAR Pinty 's Series
2016 NASCAR Whelen Euro Series
References
The Valea Miței or Pârâul Miței ( ) is a left tributary of the river Zalău in Romania . It flows into the river Zalău north of the city Zalău . Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Comitetul Județean pentru Situații de Urgență Sălaj
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Sălaj County
The 2020 Arab Club Champions Cup Final was the final match of the 2019–20 Arab Club Champions Cup , the 29th season of the Arab League 's main club football tournament organised by UAFA , and the 2nd season since it was renamed from the Arab Club Championship to the Arab Club Champions Cup . It was played at the Prince Moulay Abdellah Stadium in Rabat . The match was originally scheduled to be played in 2020 but due was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic which caused postponements during the semi final stage of the competition . Moroccan club Raja Casablanca beat Saudi side Al-Ittihad Jeddah 4–3 on penalties after a 4–4 draw to earn their second Arab Club Champions Cup title .
Teams
Venue
On 16 April 2018 , the then-president of UAFA Turki Al-Sheikh announced that the Prince Moulay Abdellah Stadium would host the final of the tournament for this season . This was the first UAFA club competition final hosted at the stadium . The stadium was selected as a venue for many tournaments held in Morocco ; most recently the 2019 African Games .
The Prince Moulay Abdellah Stadium was built in 1983 and its current capacity is 53,000 . It is used by the Morocco national football team and ASFAR as a home stadium .
Route to the final
Both clubs entered the Arab Club Champions Cup at the Round of 32 stage of the competition with the draw made on 27 July 2019 . Al-Ittihad Jeddah entered from the Asia Zone with Raja Casablanca entering from the Africa Zone .
Match
Details
The `` home '' team ( for administrative purposes ) was determined by an additional draw held after the semi-final draw .
References
External links
2020
Final
August 2021 sports events in Africa
2020
International club association football competitions hosted by Morocco
21st century in Rabat
21st century in Morocco
2019–20 in Moroccan football
Francesco De Rubertis ( born January 23 , 1970 ) is a partner at medicxi , a venture capital firm with offices in London , Jersey and Geneva , having co-founded the firm in February 2016 . Prior to that they were a partner at another venture capital firm , Index Ventures , having led the firm 's efforts to establish its life sciences practice after joining in 1997 .
Early life and education
De Rubertis was born in Italy . They graduated from the University of Pavia with a Bachelor of Arts in Genetics and Microbiology , before earning a Ph.D. in Molecular Biology from the University of Geneva , where they also met their wife , Sandra Henchoz , who was a fellow student . De Rubertis engaged in postdoctoral research in molecular genetics at the Whitehead Institute at Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) , and later earned the Chartered Financial Analyst ( CFA ) designation .
Career
After their postdoctoral work at MIT , in 1997 De Rubertis moved back to Geneva , where they joined Index Ventures and helped co-found the firm 's life sciences practice . In 2009 they moved to London ( site of another Index office ) where they continue to reside .
De Rubertis is responsible for all of Index Ventures ' investments in the life sciences . They have served on the Boards of Directors of many companies , including Addex Therapeutics ( ) , CellZome ( acquired by GlaxoSmithKline for $ 120 Million
) , Genmab ( ) , Molecular Partners ( ) , PanGenetics ( acquired by Abbott Laboratories ) , and Parallele Bioscience ( acquired by Affymetrix ) .
In 2012 De Rubertis spearheaded the launch of Index Ventures ' $ 200 Million life sciences fund in partnership with GlaxoSmithKline ( GSK ) and Johnson & Johnson ( J & J ) , to invest in early-stage biotechnology companies
.
De Rubertis is the author of several publications in international scientific journals .
In 2010 De Rubertis was named by BioWorld as one of 28 `` movers and shakers '' predicted to shape the biotechnology industry over the next two decades
.
In October 2012 De Rubertis was named by Xconomy as one of 40 of “ Young and Proven ” biotech venture capitalists .
De Rubertis is a member of the Strategic Advisory Board of the University of Geneva .
In February 2016 De Rubertis launches an independent venture capital firm Medicxi ( formerly Index Ventures Life Sciences ) and announces the closing of Medicxi Ventures 1 ( MV1 ) a €210m fund including GSK and Johnson & Johnson Innovation .
Medicxi is managed by four Partners Francesco de Rubertis , Kevin Johnson , David Grainger and Michèle Ollier all of whom previously led the Life Sciences practice at Index Ventures .
On November 30 , 2017 De Rubertis was named in the Bloomberg Top 50 most influential people of 2017 . They were selected as one of 10 nominees in the Tech ( & Science ) category along with Elon Musk ( Tesla , SpaceX ) , Masayoshi Son ( SoftBank Group ) and Martin Lau ( Tencent Holdings ) .
The Bloomberg Top 50 consists of 5 categories Tech ( & Science ) , Business , Politics , Finance and Entertainment .
De Rubertis 's reputation for halving the time it takes for a return on biotech investments has Silicon Valley eager to get in on a $ 300 million fund he 's raised for late-stage startups .
Medicxi Growth 1 , which made its first investments in health care and diabetes treatments , is taking minority stakes in companies that are developing multiple therapies , have full management teams , and intend to go public as independent businesses . This is a departure for De Rubertis . They have focused on “ skinny ” startups—with small management teams and only one therapy—that can integrate into larger companies after being bought . The shift has n't diminished interest in the fund . Verily , Alphabet Inc. 's life-sciences arm , has also invested in MG-1
References
External links
medicxi website
Index Ventures website
1970 births
Living people
Venture capitalists
Italian businesspeople
University of Pavia alumni
University of Geneva alumni
Italian molecular biologists
Massachusetts Institute of Technology faculty
CFA charterholders
Alienation of affections is a common law tort , abolished in many jurisdictions . Where it still exists , an action is brought by a spouse against a third party alleged to be responsible for damaging the marriage , most often resulting in divorce . The defendant in an alienation of affections suit is typically an adulterous spouse 's lover , although family members , counselors , and therapists or clergy members who have advised a spouse to seek divorce have also been sued for alienation of affections .
The tort of alienation of affections often overlaps with another `` heart balm '' tort : criminal conversation . Alienation of affections has most in common with the tort of tortious interference , where a third party can be held liable for interfering with the contractual relationship between two parties .
Legal requirements
An action for alienation of affection does not require proof of extramarital sex . An alienation claim is difficult to establish because it comprises several elements and there are several defenses .
To succeed on an alienation claim , the plaintiff has to show the following elements :
the marriage entailed love between the spouses in some degree ;
the spousal love was alienated ;
the defendant 's malicious conduct contributed to or caused the loss of affection .
It is not necessary to show that the defendant set out to destroy the marital relationship , but only that they or they intentionally engaged in acts which would foreseeably impact the marriage .
Thus , the defendant has a defense against an alienation claim where it can be shown that they or they did not know that the object of their or their affections was in fact married . It is not a defense that the guilty spouse consented to the defendant 's conduct , but it might be a defense that the defendant was not the active and aggressive seducer .
If the defendant 's conduct was somehow inadvertent , the plaintiff would be unable to show intentional or malicious action . But prior marital problems do not establish a defense unless such unhappiness had reached a level of negating love between the spouses .
Australia
Alienation of affection actions in Australia stopped being good law since 1975 , with the passing of the Family Law Act 1975 . In the new system , outlined by the statute , there exists a fault-less ground of divorce , and that is irretrievable breakdown of a marriage , which is evidenced by 12 months of separation . Spousal behaviour though , can be a consideration a court may take into account during a property settlement .
Canada
The Supreme Court of Canada held that alienation of affection and the related tort cause of action for `` criminal conversation '' was not available as a cause of action in the year 1962 in the case of Kungl v. Schiefer , S.C.R . 443 . The basis for the claim by the party suing in an Ontario case had been that Canada incorporated by reference the law of England as of the year 1792 , but the Supreme Court of Canada held that England did not recognize that tort in the year 1792 , so it was not a part of the law of Canada .
United States
, alienation of affection was recognized in six United States jurisdictions : Hawaii , North Carolina , Mississippi , New Mexico , South Dakota , and Utah . The U.S. Supreme Court has declined to consider the constitutionality of such torts by writ of certiorari , notwithstanding academic commentary suggesting that these torts are unconstitutional under the United States Constitution and relevant modern precedents decided based upon it , including Obergefell v. Hodges , that struck down laws prohibiting same-sex marriage in the United States . The U.S. Supreme Court has addressed the tort in several cases that did not question the constitutionality of tort , including U.S. v. Kaiser , 363 U.S. 299 , 310 ( 1960 ) ( dissenting opinion ) ( tax treatment of damages awards ) ; Lykes v. U.S. , 343 U.S. 118 , 126 ( 1952 ) ( tax deductions for litigation costs ) ; Sherrer v. Sherrer , 334 U.S. 343 , 373 ( 1948 ) ( dissenting opinion ) ( full faith and credit afforded to divorce judgments ) ; Shepard v. U.S. , 290 U.S. 96 , 105 ( 1933 ) ( admissibility of evidence ) ; Tinker v. Colwell , 193 U.S. 473 , 474 ( 1904 ) ( availability of discharge of damages awards in bankruptcy ) ; Waldron v. Waldron , 156 U.S. 361 , 362–64 ( 1895 ) ( preservation of objections to evidence when transcripts from a related proceeding are introduced ) . The U.S. Supreme Court has never granted certiorari on the constitutionality of the tort .
The tort of alienation of affection was inherited as part of the common law . The law was codified in some states , the first one being New York with legislation in 1864 , and similar legislation existed in many U.S. states in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Since 1935 , this tort has been abolished in 42 states , including New York and Illinois . Most states have abolished the action by legislation , but some came to an end by judicial review .
For example , in 1927 , actions for alienation of affection were abolished in Louisiana as a result of Moulin v. Monteleone , 165 La . 169 , 115 So . 447 . See also South Carolina case Russo v. Sutton , 422 SE 2d 750 ( 1992 ) , abolishing the heart balm action for alienation of affection .
Hawaii
In Hawaii , the plaintiff has to prove their spouse did not seek the defendant , and has to show a lack of any marital fault .
Mississippi
In 2007 , the Mississippi Supreme Court , in Fitch v. Valentine , in which the cheated husband , Johnny Valentine , received $ 750,000 , upheld the constitutionality of the state 's alienation of affection law .
New Mexico
The law was confirmed in 1999 by the New Mexico Supreme Court , although the field was heavily restricted , the courts viewing this cause of action with disfavor .
North Carolina
Alienation of affection and criminal conversation lawsuits are allowed in North Carolina . It is estimated that over 200 alienation of affection cases are filed in North Carolina each year .
Million-dollar verdicts have not been uncommon in North Carolina for alienation of affection and emotional distress . In March 2010 , a wife won a $ 9 million suit against their husband 's mistress . A Mecklenburg County jury awarded $ 1.4 million in May 2001 to a former wrestling coach against P , after the coach 's wife left them for P ( the jury verdict was later reduced by the North Carolina Court of Appeals as excessive ) . A year 2000 verdict of $ 86,250 for alienation of affections and $ 15,000 for criminal conversation in the case of Pharr v. Beck , from Burke county was upheld on appeal . In 1997 , in the case of Hutelmyer v. Cox , the Plaintiff wife was awarded $ 1 million against their husband 's secretary who `` dressed sexy at work '' and had an affair with them destroying their marriage . In 2011 , Betty Devin was ordered to pay $ 30 million to Carol Puryear for alienating Donald Puryear from her , causing their divorce .
In North Carolina such lawsuits can be filed only for conduct prior to a separation ; although , prior to changes in the law which went into effect in October 2009 , the tort of criminal conversion applied to post-separation conduct as well .
The North Carolina legislature has repeatedly had bills to abolish the tort introduced , and declined to do so . In 2009 , the General Assembly approved legislation which placed some additional limits on such lawsuits . The bill was signed into law by Governor Bev Perdue on August 3 , 2009 , and is codified under Chapter 52 of the North Carolina General Statutes :
An Alienation of Affections suit may be brought against an employer if one of these three circumstances is evident .
The employer authorized the employee 's acts ;
The employee 's acts were committed within the scope of their employment and in furtherance of the employer 's business ; or
The employer ratifies the employee 's acts .
Each of the three limitations arose from a recent North Carolina legal case involving the tort .
In Jones v. Skelly , N.C.App . 2009 , the North Carolina Court of Appeals had held that the tort applies even to legally separated spouses .
In Mesenheimer v. Burris , N.C. 2006 , the North Carolina Supreme Court held that the statute of limitation commences when the affair should have been discovered rather than when it occurred .
In Smith v. Lee , 2007 U.S. Dist . LEXIS 78987 , the Federal District Court for the Western District of North Carolina noted that the question of whether an employer could be held liable for an affair conducted by an employee ( e.g . while on a business trip for the employer ) was still unsettled in North Carolina .
There is often confusion over where an employee 's `` scope of employment '' ends . An example of this would be a minister having sex with a person that has been receiving counseling services from that minister . In theory the minister is acting within the scope of employment because it is their duty to provide these counseling services and it is through these services that they gain access to the victim .
In 2014 , Resident Superior Court Judge John O. Craig dismissed the case of Rothrock v. Cooke , ruling that the state 's criminal conversion and alienation of affection laws were unconstitutional , infringing up on 1st and 14th amendment rights in the U.S. Constitution . That case was not appealed . In 2017 , the North Carolina Court of Appeals , in a different case , ruled that the common law cause of action of alienation of affection was not facially invalid under the First and Fourteenth Amendments .
In 2017 the North Carolina Court of Appeals ruled in a 3-0 decision to uphold the constitutionality of the tort . See Malecek v. Williams 807 S.E.2d 574 .
South Dakota
On 2002 the law was reworded to be gender-neutral , allowing wives to sue another woman .
A man was awarded $ 950,000 , later reduced to $ 400,000 , in a 2002 case in which a South Dakota jury ruled that an orthopedic surgeon from Las Vegas had enticed the man 's wife into an affair and had broken up their marriage .
On 2007 it was ruled defenders in cases of alienation of affection were not entitled to be covered by their insurances , as this is an intentional tort .
Punitive damages are limited to 20 % of the defendant 's worth .
Utah
Both in 1983 and eight years later in 1991 , the Utah Supreme Court confirmed the legality of such claims , although Justice Christine M. Durham dissented in both cases , describing alienation of affection as `` an anachronistic holdover from a bygone era , which modern rationalizations have failed to justify . '' However , in the 1991 ruling , they disallowed criminal conversation claims The same court confirmed alienation of affections as a cause of action in 2002 .
Among the notables cases were Jason Miles Williams , who attempted several times to sue the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints leadership for causing their divorce by saying their wife would be damned if they did not divorce and Janice Peck suing the Utah Division of Wildlife Resources after their husband left them for their new wife they met while posing as a couple to track poachers .
References
External links
Alienation of Affections Explanation and Example , 2009 , CNN
Marriage
United States tort law
Mourad Medelci ( ; 30 April 1943 – 28 January 2019 ) was an Algerian politician who served in the government of Algeria as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2007 to 2013 . They were President of the Constitutional Council of Algeria from 2013 until their death in 2019 .
Early life
Born in Tlemcen on 30 April 1943 , Medelci studied economics at the University of Algiers , receiving their bachelor 's degree in 1966 and master 's degree in 1968 . From 1970 to 1980 they worked in the private sector before entering public service as Secretary-General of the Ministry of Trade in 1980 . They were married with five children .
Political career
Medelci was Minister of Trade from 1988 to 1989 and Deputy Minister for the Budget from 1990 to 1991 . They were again Minister of Trade from 1999 to 2001 , then Minister of Finance from 2001 to 2002 . From 2002 to May 2005 they were Adviser to the President , Abdelaziz Bouteflika . In May 2005 they became Minister of Finance again , serving in that position until they became Minister of State for Foreign Affairs on 4 June 2007 .
After serving more than six years as Foreign Minister , Medelci was replaced by Ramtane Lamamra in the government named on 11 September 2013 . President Bouteflika instead appointed Medelci as President of the Constitutional Council on 15 September 2013 . Medelci replaced Tayeb Belaiz , who had been appointed to the government as Minister of the Interior .
Death
Medelci was very unwell in January 2019 , they were hospitalised in Paris before being brought back to Algiers in the last week of January . By 27 January , they were incapable of carrying out their role of president of the Constitutional Council just as it was preparing to oversee the 2019 Algerian presidential election . Medelci died at approximately 1:30am on 28 January in Algiers . They were buried the same day in Ben Aknoun cemetery . The constitutional council , led by the vice-president will meet to discuss the situation .
See also
Cabinet of Algeria
References
1943 births
2019 deaths
Finance ministers of Algeria
Foreign ministers of Algeria
Interior ministers of Algeria
Trade ministers of Algeria
People of the 2010–2012 Algerian protests
People from Tlemcen
21st-century Algerian people
Radical 76 or radical lack ( ) meaning `` owe '' , `` '' , or `` yawn '' is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals ( 214 radicals in total ) composed of 4 strokes .
In the Kangxi Dictionary , there are 235 characters ( out of 49,030 ) to be found under this radical .
is also the 90th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China .
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+6B20
076
090
The Hunter 29.5 is an American sailboat , that was designed by Rob Mazza and the Hunter Design Team and first built in 1994 .
The design was developed into the Moorings 295 for the charter market in 1994 .
Production
The boat was built by Hunter Marine in the United States between 1994 and 1997 , but it is now out of production .
Design
The Hunter 29.5 is a small recreational keelboat , built predominantly of fiberglass . It has a fractional sloop rig , an internally-mounted spade-type rudder , a fixed fin keel and a walk-through transom design . It displaces and carries of ballast .
The boat has a draft of with the standard keel fitted .
The boat is fitted with a Japanese Yanmar diesel engine . The fuel tank holds and the fresh water tank has a capacity of .
The boat has a PHRF racing average handicap of 189 with a high of 198 and low of 183 . It has a hull speed of .
See also
List of sailing boat types
Related development
Hunter 336
Similar sailboats
C & C 30
Cal 29
Catalina 30
CS 30
Hunter 30
Hunter 30T
Hunter 30-2
Hunter 306
Island Packet 29
Kirby 30
Mirage 30
Mirage 30 SX
Nonsuch 30
Pearson 303
Southern Cross 28
References
External links
Official brochure
Keelboats
1990s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Sailboat types built by Hunter Marine
Sailboat type designs by Rob Mazza
Sailboat type designs by Hunter Design Team
Bohuňov is the name of several locations in the Czech Republic :
Bohuňov ( Svitavy District ) , a village in the Pardubice Region
Bohuňov ( Žďár nad Sázavou District ) , a village in the Vysočina Region
Law of the Valley is a 1944 American Western film directed by Howard Bretherton . This is the twelfth film in the `` Marshal Nevada Jack McKenzie '' series , and stars Johnny Mack Brown as Jack McKenzie and Raymond Hatton as their sidekick Sandy Hopkins , with Lynne Carver , Kirk Barron and Edmund Cobb .
Cast
Johnny Mack Brown as Marshal Nevada McKenzie
Raymond Hatton as Marshal Sandy Hopkins
Lynne Carver as Ann Jennings
Kirk Barron as Tom Findley
Edmund Cobb as Dan Stanton
Charles King as Miller - Henchman
Tom Quinn as Condon - Henchman
Steve Clark as Slim Roberts - Henchman
Hal Price as Sheriff
Marshall Reed as Al Green - Henchman
George DeNormand as Red Adams - Henchman
George Morrell as Jennings - Rancher
Charles McMurphy as Bartender
References
Bibliography
Martin , Len D. The Allied Artists Checklist : The Feature Films and Short Subjects of Allied Artists Pictures Corporation , 1947-1978 . McFarland & Company , 1993 .
External links
1944 films
1944 Western ( genre ) films
American Western ( genre ) films
Films directed by Howard Bretherton
Monogram Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Pulaski County ( ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana . According to the 2010 U.S. census , the population was 13,402 . The county seat is Winamac .
History
Pulaski County was organized in 1835 .
Geography
According to the 2010 census , the county has a total area of , of which ( or 99.80 % ) is land and ( or 0.20 % ) is water .
Major highways
U.S. Route 35
U.S. Route 421
Indiana State Road 14
Indiana State Road 39
Indiana State Road 114
Indiana State Road 119
Indiana State Road 143
Railroads
CSX Transportation
Adjacent counties
Starke County ( north )
Marshall County ( northeast )
Fulton County ( east )
Cass County ( southeast )
White County ( south )
Jasper County ( west )
Municipalities
Towns
The municipalities in Pulaski County , and their populations as of the 2010 Census , are :
Francesville – 879
Medaryville – 614
Monterey – 218
Winamac – 2,490
Census-designated places
Star City – 377
Other unincorporated places
Beardstown
Clarks
Denham
Lakeside
Lawton
Pulaski
Radioville
Ripley
Thornhope
Vanmeter Park
Townships
The 12 townships of Pulaski County , with their populations as of the 2010 Census , are :
Education
Public schools in Pulaski County are administered by four districts :
Eastern Pulaski Community Schools
West Central School Corporation
Culver Community Schools
North Judson-San Pierre Schools
High Schools
Winamac Community High School
West Central High School
Middle Schools
Winamac Community Middle School
West Central Middle School
Elementary Schools
Eastern Pulaski Elementary School
West Central Elementary School
Hospitals
Pulaski Memorial Hospital , Winamac – 25 beds
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in Winamac have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June .
Government
The county government is a constitutional body , and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana , and by the Indiana Code .
County Council : The county council is the fiscal-legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county . Four members are elected from county districts , and three are elected at-large . The council members serve four-year terms . They are responsible for setting salaries , the annual budget , and special spending . The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes , in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval , excise taxes , and service taxes .
Board of Commissioners : The executive-legislative body of the county is the board of commissioners . The commissioners represent geographic districts , but are elected county-wide , in staggered terms , and each serves a four-year term . One of the commissioners , typically the most senior , serves as president . The commissioners are charged with adopting and executing legislation , collecting revenue , and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government .
Court : The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases . The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association . In some cases , court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court .
County Officials : The county has several other elected offices , including sheriff , coroner , auditor , treasurer , recorder , surveyor , and circuit court clerk Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government . Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county .
Pulaski County is part of Indiana 's 2nd congressional district and in 2016 was represented by Jackie Walorski in the United States Congress .
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 13,402 people , 5,282 households , and 3,707 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 6,060 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.2 % white , 0.7 % black or African American , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.2 % Asian , 0.6 % from other races , and 1.0 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.4 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 32.4 % were German , 12.2 % were Irish , 8.6 % were English , and 8.2 % were American .
Of the 5,282 households , 31.5 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.6 % were married couples living together , 9.0 % had a female householder with no husband present , 29.8 % were non-families , and 25.6 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.97 . The median age was 41.7 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 47,697 and the median income for a family was $ 50,903 . Males had a median income of $ 43,624 versus $ 27,131 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 20,491 . About 13.4 % of families and 17.2 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 28.5 % of those under age 18 and 8.3 % of those age 65 or over .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pulaski County , Indiana
Tippecanoe River State Park
References
External links
Pulaski County official website
Eastern Pulaski Community Schools
West Central School Corporation
Culver Community Schools
North Judson-San Pierre Schools
Indiana counties
1839 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1839
Sundown towns in Indiana
Six Months in Sudan is a 2009 autobiographical memoir by Canadian doctor James Maskalyk about their 2007 work in the village of Abyei , Sudan , for Médecins Sans Frontières . Six Months in Sudan was initially written as a blog , which Maskalyk later turned into a book .
Summary
In 2007 Maskalyk , a young Toronto emergency doctor , is recruited by Médecins Sans Frontières and is deployed to work in the contested border town of Abyei , a place of extreme poverty , and a location where Sudanese militias clash with their South Sudanese counterparts . The story continues with the logistical challenges of getting to Abyei , a bureaucratically complicated series of journeys , requiring extreme patience .
In Abyei , Maskalyk treats malnutrition and disease , assists with complicated births , and cares for injuries from the nearby conflict and vehicle collisions . Throughout the book , they are overwhelmed by the healthcare needs of the community , and their own emotional struggles . Maskalyk treats tuberculosis , pneumonia , fevers , and infections and is forced to turn away people with minor and non-life-threatening conditions . Soon after their arrival , a measles outbreak overwhelms the medical team . Hunger and death feature frequently throughout the book .
Maskalyk documents the impact of the work on the local and international healthcare providers who do their best to help despite the lack of resources and toll on their own mental health . Their desires to spend more time learning about the local culture of the Dinka and Misseriya tribes are not realized due to the extreme workload . Their sleep is impaired by the noise at night and the relentless heat , and they are disturbed by the insufficiency of the medical staff to meet the overwhelming needs of the local populace , despite the team 's best efforts .
Maskalyk documents the tension between Médecins Sans Frontières and the United Nations and writes about internal tensions they personally suffer , torn between the desire to help and the fear of the violence around him .
The journey finishes with their return to Toronto , and their reflections and unanswered questions about the obligations they have to others in the world .
Writing style
Initially written as an unedited blog , the spelling and syntax errors are published verbatim , giving the book a `` you-are-there immediacy '' as described in Kirkus Reviews .
Reception
The book received mostly positive reviews from critics , who praised its unpolished writing style , and intimate understanding of the complexities of life in Sudan . Richard B. Woodward of The New York Times described Six Months in Sudan as `` moving '' and `` honest '' .
The Vancouver Sun described it as bleak but uplifting : '' A rich story that gives a wonderful , raw awareness of what we are as humans ... Our hopes and illusions are stripped away , yet we are left not with despair but with a deeper appreciation and a sense of wonder ... Brilliant writing . I 'm sure Maskalyk is a fine doctor , but he 's an even better writer '' The Globe and Mail said : '' One of the greatest successes of Six Months in Sudan is that it does not try to be anything more than it is—a moment in time ... [ It ] can be read and enjoyed by those who are interested in the humanitarian movement and in global issues , as well as by those who glance at the headlines and want to know what it is like to be there , responding to world tragedies as they unfold '' The Irish Times gave the book a positive review , citing its `` intimate '' and `` honest '' writing style .
Jackie Shymanski of the Winnipeg Free Press praised the book 's insight into the issues of warfare , poverty , disease and famine in Sudan . The Financial Times gave the book a similarly positive review , praising its `` fluent '' writing style and the author 's personal understanding of the situation in Sudan .
Writing for the Canadian Medical Association Journal , Gretchen Roede described the book as `` haunting '' , and cited its ability to bridge the gap of understanding between people who have done humanitarian work and those who aspire to enter the field , or support humanitarian efforts .
Awards
Six Months in Sudan was nominated for the John Llewellyn Rhys Prize in 2009 , and was also a finalist for the Shaughnessy Cohen Prize for Political Writing in the same year .
Sequel
In 2017 , Maskalyk released the follow-up book Life on the Ground Floor .
See also
An Imperfect Offering
References
External links
Maskalyk 's original blog
Canadian autobiographies
2009 non-fiction books
Medical literature
Books about Sudan
Médecins Sans Frontières
Books about health care
A Sheep in the Deep is a 1962 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon directed by Chuck Jones and Maurice Noble . The short was released on February 10 , 1962 , and stars Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog .
Like all Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog shorts , this short is mostly composed of visual gags . Mel Blanc provided for the voices of all the characters . It is the sixth short featuring Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog , as well as the last cartoon featuring Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog to be directed by Jones ( their next appearance was in Woolen Under Where , released in 1963 and directed by Phil Monroe and Richard Thompson ) . It was also the first of the last two cartoons featuring them to be written by Chuck Jones ( the previous cartoons were written by Michael Maltese , who had already left for Hanna-Barbera in 1959 . The second was Woolen Under Where ) .
Plot
Like all Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog shorts , this one revolves around Ralph Wolf trying to steal the sheep which Sam Sheepdog is guarding . Like Ready , Woolen and Able , this short begins with a juxtaposition of how Ralph and Sam get to work . Sam wakes up at dawn and takes a leisurely stroll to work as Ralph sleeps in and the sun rises . Just as Sam reaches the time clock and lifts their hair to read the time , Ralph 's alarm clock goes off , triggering the conveyor system that they use to get to work . A claw lifts their blanket , their bed tilts , dropping them into a trap door where they fall into the shower . After a second in the shower , a spring below them engages , sending them into a towel and onto a roller skate . As they ride the roller skate down its rail and dries off with the towel , they are fed a slice of toast and coffee . Finally , they grab their lunch from a hook and rides the roller skate out their front door , down the path , and punches into work before Sam . As always , the two merrily greet each other .
1 . Ralph begins with the straightforward approach of sneaking into the field and snatching a sheep . As they walk back , Sam drops a banana peel which Ralph slips on . Instead of falling immediately , Ralph slides around on the banana peel and on their way back Sam snags the stolen sheep with a lasso . As Ralph continues to slide forward , they begin to say `` Ooh , I 'd like to ... '' only to hit a tree face-first .
2 . This time Ralph digs a hole under Sam and out the side of the cliff face and decides to try to snatch a sheep with a lasso in the same way Sam did in Ralph 's last attempt . This is successful , but while Ralph is pulling the sheep up Sam leans over the edge and into Ralph 's hole , where they glare at Ralph intimidatingly . Ralph innocently lowers the sheep down , but Sam grabs Ralph by the neck and hits them on the head , propelling them into a tree trunk . As Ralph climbs out of the tree trunk , they resemble a stack of pancakes .
3 . Ralph 's next plan is to tunnel under Sam , cut out a circle of earth around Sam with a saw , and raise that circle high into the air with a jack . Successful , Ralph ties a dinner napkin around their neck and prepares to steal a sheep . However , as they are doing this , Sam pulls out a corkscrew and removes the piece of earth that the jack is supporting , sending the entire chunk of earth crashing onto Ralph .
4 . In Ralph 's fourth attempt , they tie themselves to a bunch of helium balloons and floats over Sam . Sam calmly pours a box of BB pellets into their mouth and shoots at Ralph 's balloons with a blow gun . Ralph is left grasping on to a single balloon , but the knot on the balloon slips and Ralph is projected into Sam . Sam grabs Ralph by the neck and prepares to drop them off the cliff while Ralph starts praying softly .
However , before that can happen , the time clock whistle blows and Sam puts Ralph back on the cliff and lets go of him , then the two of them head off for lunch . They enjoy their sandwiches and Sam shares their coffee with Ralph , then they have a smoke break .
They both walk back to the cliff , and as soon as the whistle blows to signal the end of lunchtime , Sam grabs Ralph by the neck while holding them over the cliff and finally drops him .
5 . Ralph 's next plan is to build a large slide behind Sam and dropping a cannonball down the slide . Sam casually points a large spring at the end of the slide , sending the cannonball back up the slide and into Ralph 's dropped jaw . Ralph angrily walks away as the cannonball inside their tail weighs them down .
6 . Ralph then attempts to use a Warner Bros. Records album set titled `` Music To Put Sheep Dogs To Sleep By Warner Bros. Records '' to put Sam to sleep . This appears to be successful and Ralph tests to make sure that Sam really is asleep , in much the same way as they tested to make sure Sam could not see them in Double or Mutton . After walking off , stealing a sheep and preparing to eat it , the sheep turns out to be Sam in disguise , also similar to Double or Mutton . However , the two of them continue to remove disguises .
Ralph turns out to be a sheep ,
Sam turns out to be Ralph ,
The sheep turns out to be Sam ,
Ralph turns out to be a sheep ,
Sam turns out to be Ralph .
Finally , Ralph grabs the sheep by the neck , and the sheep costume collapses . It turns out to have a stick of dynamite inside of it . However , Ralph is saved by the bell when the time clock whistles . Sam walks in off-screen and extinguishes the stick of dynamite by pinching it with their fingers , then says `` It 's too close to quittin ' time , Ralph ; let 's pick it up there in the morning . '' The two amicably wish each other good night .
Crew
Co-Director & Layouts : Maurice Noble
Animation : Tom Ray , Ken Harris , Richard Thompson & Bob Bransford
Assistant Layouts : Corny Cole
Backgrounds : Philip DeGuard & William Butler
Film Editor : Treg Brown
Voice Characterizations : Mel Blanc
Music : Milt Franklyn
Produced by David H. DePatie & John W. Burton
Written & Directed by Chuck Jones
Home media
This short is available on the Looney Tunes : Assorted Nuts Laserdisc .
See also
List of American films of 1962
Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog
Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies filmography ( 1960–1969 )
References
External links
1962 films
1962 animated films
1962 short films
Merrie Melodies short films
Short films directed by Chuck Jones
Films directed by Maurice Noble
Films about wolves
Animated films about dogs
1960s Warner Bros. animated short films
1960s English-language films
Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog films
Ruhabad ( , also Romanized as Rūḩābād ) is a village in Rivand Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 156 , in 41 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Ðặng Hiếu Hiền ( born 20 October 1966 ) is a Vietnamese boxer . They competed in the men 's light flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Vietnamese male boxers
Olympic boxers of Vietnam
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Light-flyweight boxers
Martina Santandrea ( born 5 September 1999 ) is an Italian group rhythmic gymnast . They are a member of the national squad since 2016 .
They are the 2020 Olympic Group All-around bronze medalist , the 2018 World Group All-around silver medalist and two-time European ( 2018 ) Group All-around silver medalist .
Detailed Olympic results
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Italian rhythmic gymnasts
European Games competitors for Italy
Gymnasts at the 2019 European Games
Medalists at the Rhythmic Gymnastics European Championships
Medalists at the Rhythmic Gymnastics World Championships
Gymnasts at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Italy
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Italy
Olympic medalists in gymnastics
Kirsti Lintonen ( born May 23 , 1945 in Tampere ) was the Permanent Representative of Finland to the United Nations for the period 2005–2009 . They presented their credentials to United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan on February 15 , 2005 . Kirsti Lintonen possesses a master 's degree in political science and entered the Finnish Ministry for Foreign Affairs in 1971 . They became an ambassador in Windhoek , Namibia in 1990 . In 1994 they became the Deputy Director General for Political Affairs within the Ministry , and in 1996 they became Under-Secretary of State . From 2000 until their appointment to the UN , they had been Finland 's ambassador to South Africa , Botswana , Lesotho , Mauritius , Namibia , and Swaziland . They were accredited to the Southern African Development Community .
External links
Kirsti Lintonen 's biography at the Permanent Mission of Finland to the United Nations
The United Nations list of current heads of missions . ( PDF )
References
1945 births
Finnish women diplomats
Finnish women in politics
Living people
People from Tampere
Permanent Representatives of Finland to the United Nations
Ambassadors of Finland to South Africa
Ambassadors of Finland to Botswana
Ambassadors of Finland to Lesotho
Ambassadors of Finland to Mauritius
Ambassadors of Finland to Namibia
Ambassadors of Finland to Eswatini
Finnish women ambassadors
The Penang State Museum and Art Gallery ( ) is a museum and art gallery in George Town , Penang , Malaysia .
History
The museum building used to house the Penang Free School in 1821–1927 . After Penang Free School moved to a new building in Green Lane , the Hutchings School took over the building in January 1928 and used it until 1960 . The museum was opened by Yang di-Pertua Negeri of Penang Raja Uda Raja Muhammad on April 14 , 1965 . The building was declared a heritage building under the 2005 Heritage Act .
In April 2017 , major renovation works started at the museum . It is estimated that the RM20million restoration project will take three years ; during which the museum 's artifacts are to be temporarily moved to the museum 's branch at Macalister Road , George Town . A new building is also planned to be erected on a piece of land next to the museum that has been vacant since it was bombed during World War II .
Operating hours
Penang State Museum ( Farquhar Street )
Temporarily Closed due to Restoration
No . 57 , Macalister Road
Temporarily Closed due to Maintenance
State Art Gallery ( Dewan Sri Pinang )
Opens from Saturday to Tuesday from 10.00 am to 4.00 pm
due to Covid-19
See also
List of museums in Malaysia
References
External links
Penang Museum and Art Gallery - Homepage
Museums in Penang
Buildings and structures in George Town , Penang
Art museums and galleries in Malaysia
1965 establishments in Malaysia
Tourist attractions in George Town , Penang
Marko Maschke ( born June 9 , 1967 ) is a German football manager who managed clubs professionally in Europe and in North America .
Managerial career
Maschke began coaching at the lower leagues in Germany with BSC Rehberge Berlin in 1992 . After several years with Berlin they went abroad to China to sign with Chengdu Tiancheng F.C . With Tiancheng they won promotion for the club in 1997 . In 2002 , they went to Canada to sign with newly expansion Hamilton Thunder of the Canadian Professional Soccer League . They resigned midway through the season due to disputes with Hamilton 's team owner Italo Ferrari over unpaid salaries . They returned to Europe to coach Füchse Berlin Reinickendorf and 1 . FC Schweinfurt 05 at the U-19 levels . From 2005-2007 they served as assistant coach with Tennis Borussia Berlin , until returning to first team duties with Integrál-DAC in Hungary .
References
1967 births
German football managers
Expatriate soccer managers in Canada
Living people
Canadian Professional Soccer League ( 1998–2005 ) managers
Paramesochridae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Harpacticoida .
Genera
Diarthrodellinae Huys , 1987
Paramesochrinae Lang , 1944
Incertae sedis
References
Copepods
Elizabeth Darcy may refer to :
Elizabeth Savage , Countess Rivers ( 1581–1650 ) , née Darcy
Elizabeth Darcy , Countess of Ormond
Chifunde District is a district of Tete Province in western Mozambique . The principal town is
Chifunde . The district is located in the north of the province , and borders with Zambia in the north , Malawi in the northeast , Macanga District in the east , Chiuta District in the south , and with Marávia District in the west . The area of the district is . It has a population of 101,811 as of 2007 .
Geography
The Kapoche River makes the eastern border of the district , and the Luangua River makes its western border . Both are major left tributaries of the Zambezi .
The climate of the district is tropical wet and dry , with the average annual rainfall being between and .
Demographics
As of 2005 , 49 % of the population of the district was younger than 15 years . 7 % of the population spoke Portuguese . The most common mothertongue among the population was Cinyungwe . 88 % were analphabetic , mostly women .
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into three postos , Chifunde ( three localities ) , Mualadzi ( two localities ) , and N'sadzo ( two localities ) .
Economy
Less than 1 % of the households in the district have access to electricity .
Agriculture
In the district , there are 13,000 farms which have on average of land . The main agricultural products are corn , cassava , cowpea , peanut , tobacco , and sweet potato .
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which is long and includes a stretch of the national road EN548 and stretch of the national road EN221 .
References
Districts in Tete Province
was a Japanese painter . Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
References
1892 births
1970 deaths
20th-century Japanese painters
Japanese painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Shimane Prefecture
The Economy of Salvation , also called the Divine Economy , is that part of divine revelation in the Roman Catholic tradition that deals with God 's creation and management of the world , particularly their plan of salvation accomplished through the Church . Economy comes from the Greek oikonomia ( economy ) , literally , `` management of a household '' or `` flight attendantship '' .
Church doctrine sees this as the elements and resources revealed by God as necessary for the sake of humankind 's salvation through God 's revelation and communication of themselves to humankind . It refers to God 's creation of all things , and of their governance of the world , especially with regards to Jesus ' part in salvation , which includes their mission being fulfilled by their body , the Church , and through the sacraments .
Paragraph 1103 of the Catechism of the Catholic Church also refers to the `` Economy of Salvation '' as the `` economy of Revelation . ''
The term `` Economy of Salvation '' is first used by Origen of Alexandria , although references to the `` Divine Economy '' , the `` Economy of God '' or simply the `` Economy '' are in earlier Church fathers .
Giorgio Agamben 's The Kingdom and the Glory : For a Theological Genealogy of Economy and Government ( 2007 ; Eng . translation , 2011 , p. 51 ) argues that this concept of `` economy '' ( oikonomia ) becomes narrowed to refer to a divine plan of salvation only after the Nicene dogma is established . In early Church history , the term also encompasses the `` organization of the divine life '' ( 51 ) .
See also
Treasury of merit
References
Further reading
Conrad , A. C. The Divine Economy . Grand Rapids : Eerdmans , 1954 .
Lumen Gentium The Role of the Blessed Mother in the Economy of Salvation
Salvation
William Wheatley ( 5 November 1920 – 1965 ) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town .
References
1920 births
1965 deaths
English footballers
Association football wingers
English Football League players
Nottingham Forest F.C . players
Mansfield Town F.C . players
Money , A Mythology of Darkness ( Greek : Το χρήμα - Μια μυθολογία του Σκότους ) is a 1998 feature Greek film directed by the Greek director , writer and producer Vassilis Mazomenos . The film is the first European 3D animation feature film and deals with the influence of wealth on humanity . In 2015 , The Hindu 's film critic , Naman Ramachandran , called it `` [ t ] he Greek film that is the most relevant today ... ''
Synopsis
A Christ-like figure explores the degeneration of society caused by the cult of wealth .
Background
It was the first European feature 3D animation film . This was Mazomenos ' third feature film , however they had previously worked with computer-generated images in The Triumph of Time , although these were two-dimensional .
Reception
Vrasidas Karalis wrote in A History of Greek Cinema :
Part of the film trilogy about the end of the West , that was presented and awarded in the 2001 retrospective in Fantasporto .
Awards
1998 : Greek State Film Awards ( Second Prize for Documentary or Animated Film Awarded to Animated Film ) - Won
1999 : European Fantasy Award ( George Melies Award ) - Nominated
1999 : Fantasporto Special Jury Award - Co-winner - Won
References
1998 films
1998 animated films
Greek animated films
Greek drama films
1990s Greek-language films
Dystopian films
1990s fantasy films
Films about cities
Apocalyptic films
Films about religion
Films about Nazis
Greek avant-garde and experimental films
1990s avant-garde and experimental films
Non-narrative films
Films about time
Shad Mianeh ( , also Romanized as Shād Mīāneh ; also known as Shād Mehneh ) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 273 , in 83 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Kalininskoye ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement , Totemsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 18 as of 2002 .
Geography
Kalininskoye is located 23 km southwest of Totma ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Gridinskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
A list of railway tunnels in Jamaica .
Kingston to Montego Bay
Spanish Town to Port Antonio
May Pen to Frankfield
Bog Walk to Ewarton
None .
See also
Kingston to Montego Bay line
Spanish Town to Ewarton line
Bog Walk to Port Antonio line
May Pen to Frankfield line
References
Railway tunnels in Jamaica
Composition
2005-2007 :
2007-2009 :
Floor Leadership
Majority Leader : H. Truman Chafin
Majority Whip : Billy Wayne Bailey
Minority Leader : Vic Sprouse
Minority Whip : Andy McKenzie
Committees
At the start each new Legislature , standing committees are appointed . The Senate President selects the chairpersons . The Rules of the Senate call for the following committees to be formed :
Agriculture ( 11 members ) - Larry J. Edgell , Chairman
Banking and Insurance ( 14 members ) - Joseph M. Minard , Chairman
Confirmations ( 9 members ) - Shirley Love , Chairman
Economic Development ( 14 members ) - Brooks McCabe , Chairman
Education ( 14 members ) - Robert H. Plymale , Chairman
Energy , Industry and Mining ( 14 members ) - William R. Sharpe , Jr. , Chairman
Finance ( 17 members ) - Walt Helmick , Chairman
Government Organization ( 14 members ) - Edwin Bowman , Chairman
Health and Human Resources ( 14 members ) - Roman W. Prezioso , Jr. , Chairman
Interstate Cooperation ( 7 members ) - Evan H. Jenkins , chairperson ; ( Senate President is ex officio co-chairperson )
Judiciary ( 17 members ) - Jeffrey V. Kessler , Chairman
Labor ( 11 members ) - Michael Oliverio II , Chairman
Military ( 9 members ) - Jon Blair Hunter , Chairman
Natural Resources ( 14 members ) - John Pat Fanning , Chairman
Pensions ( 7 members ) - Dan Foster , Chairman
Rules ( 11 members ) - Earl Ray Tomblin , Ex officio Chairman as Senate President
Transportation and Infrastructure ( 9 members ) - John Unger II , Chairman
See also
External links
Senate President Earl Ray Tomblin
West Virginia Legislature - official website
Politics of West Virginia
The Undercover Soldier is a 2008 BBC documentary which investigated bullying in the British Army in the wake of the Deepcut enquiry . For the programme , BBC journalist Russell Sharp went undercover as a soldier , enrolling in the army for six months basic training at the Infantry Training Centre , at the Catterick Garrison in Yorkshire . The one-hour programme was shown on BBC One on Thursday 18 September 2008 at 9:00pm .
The programme did not show any filmed evidence of ill treatment , although Sharp themselves claimed to have witnessed several incidents of bullying . The documentary led to the suspension of five instructors based at the camp . The show attracted relatively low ratings and the BBC was criticised by serving soldiers for the way the investigation was conducted .
References
External links
BBC television documentaries
2008 television specials
Richard Clyde Taylor ( November 5 , 1919 – October 30 , 2003 ) , was an American philosopher renowned for their contributions to metaphysics . They were also an internationally known beekeeper .
Biography
Taylor received their PhD at Brown University , where their supervisor was Roderick Chisholm . They taught at Brown University , Columbia and the University of Rochester , and had visiting appointments at about a dozen other institutions . Their best-known book was Metaphysics ( 1963 ) . Other works included Action and Purpose ( 1966 ) , Good and Evil ( 1970 ) and Virtue Ethics ( 1991 ) . Professor Taylor was also the editor of The Will to Live : Selected Writings of Arthur Schopenhauer . They were an enthusiastic advocate of virtue ethics . They also wrote influential papers on the meaning of life , which , like Albert Camus , they explored through an examination of the myth of Sisyphus .
Taylor 's 1962 essay `` Fatalism '' was the subject of David Foster Wallace 's undergraduate thesis at Amherst College , published in 2011 together with Taylor 's essay and contemporary responses under the title Fate , Time , and Language : An Essay on Free Will . Please see also ‘ 'Restoring Pride : The Lost Virtue of Our Age ( 1996 ) '' Prometheus Books
Taylor made significant contributions to beekeeping . They owned three hundred hives of bees and , from 1970 , produced mostly comb honey . They explained their management techniques in several books , including The Comb Honey Book and The Joys of Beekeeping .
In 1993 , they debated William Lane Craig over the subject 'Is The Basis For Morality Natural or Supernatural ? ' .
Notable philosophers who studied under Taylor as graduate students include Norman Bowie , Myles Brand , Keith Lehrer , and Peter van Inwagen .
Death
Taylor died at the age of 83 on October 30 , 2003 , in their home in Trumansburg , New York due to complications ensuing from lung cancer .
See also
American philosophy
List of American philosophers
References
Further reading
External links
— Article on David Foster Wallace 's analysis of Taylor 's fatalism .
1919 births
2003 deaths
20th-century American philosophers
American beekeepers
American philosophy academics
American atheists
Brown University alumni
Brown University faculty
Columbia University faculty
Metaphysicians
21st-century American philosophers
Virtue ethicists
American ethicists
Deaths from lung cancer
Deaths from cancer in New York ( state )
University of Rochester faculty
Crestone is an album by Paul Winter Consort , released in 2007 through the record label Living Music . The album is named after the community of Crestone , Colorado . The album was recorded in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains , the Great Sand Dunes , and the San Luis Valley of southern Colorado , all of which are located near Crestone . In 2008 , the album earned the group a Grammy Award for Best New Age Album .
Track listing
`` Songs to the Mountains ''
`` Koji Island ''
`` Blue Horse Special ''
`` Calling the Buffalo ''
`` Zen Morning ''
`` Witchi Tai To ( Invocation ) ''
`` Whooper Dance ''
`` Intertribal Pow-Wow Song ''
`` Mountain Treefrogs ''
`` Cloud ''
`` The Smell of the Rain ''
`` Meadowlark ''
`` Sunset on the Great Sand Dunes ''
`` Nightfall in the Wetlands ''
`` Moonrise Over the Sangres ''
`` All My Relations ''
`` Bumblebee Honor Song ''
`` Home on the Range ''
`` Witchi Tai to ''
`` Goodnight to the Mountains ''
Personnel
Paul Winter – soprano saxophone
Paul McCandless – oboe , bass clarinet
Don Grusin – keyboard
Eugene Friesen – cello
Glen Velez – percussion
John-Carlos Perea – voice , drum , cedar flute
Koji Nakamura – taiko drum
Peter May – conch shells
Richard Cooke – voice
References
2007 albums
Grammy Award for Best New Age Album
Living Music albums
Paul Winter Consort albums
Carinostoma elegans is an harvestmen species in the genus Carinostoma found in Hungary .
References
Harvestmen
Animals described in 1894
Arachnids of Europe
Mount Terrazas ( ) is a prominent ridgelike mountain 10 nautical miles ( 18 km ) west of Mount Austin in Palmer Land . Mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos , 1961–67 . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Rudolph D. Terrazas , builder at South Pole Station in 1967 .
Mountains of Palmer Land
Saudi Mosque ( ) is a mosque in Nouakchott , Mauritania . It is located southwest of the Presidential Palace and immediately west of the Chamber of Commerce .
The mosque was built by Saudi money .
For several decades , Bouddah Ould Bousseyri had been imam of the Saudi Mosque , they were a close associate of the Mauritanian regime and a supporter of Sunni Islam and a very influential figure in the apolitical Islamist camp .
The current imam , Ahmedou Ould Lemrabet , is a thinker of politicised salafism and a supporter of state authority .
See also
Lists of mosques
List of mosques in Africa
List of mosques in Egypt
References
Mosques in Mauritania
Buildings and structures in Nouakchott
Saudi Arabian diaspora
A drudge is a person who does tedious , menial , or unpleasant work ; it can also refer to the work itself , known as drudgery .
Drudge can also refer to :
Matt Drudge , American Internet journalist
Drudge ( TV series ) , Matt Drudge 's former TV series
Drudge Report , news aggregator run by Matt Drudge
John Drudge , early 18th century sea captain who ended the career of pirate Nicholas Brown
Mr. Drudge , a character in the comic strip Motley 's Crew
A race in the MMORPGs Asheron 's Call and Asheron 's Call 2 , playable in the latter
A race of enemies in the first-person shooter video game The Conduit
See also
Dredge ( disambiguation )
Group B of the 1995 King Fahd Cup took place between 6 and 10 January 1995 . Argentina won the group on goal difference , and advanced to the final , while Nigeria finished second and advanced to third-place playoff . Japan failed to advance .
Standings
Results
Japan v Nigeria
Japan v Argentina
Nigeria v Argentina
References
B
1994–95 in Argentine football
1994–95 in Nigerian football
1995 in Japanese football
Flashing Steeds is a 1925 American silent Western film directed by Horace B. Carpenter and starring Bill Patton , Dorothy Donald and Merrill McCormick .
Cast
Bill Patton as Bill Swift
Dorothy Donald as Girlie Hart
Merrill McCormick as Lord Algernon Rathburne
Ethel Childers as Lady Rathburne
Alfred Hewston as 'Shorty ' Travers
Dick La Reno as 'Cap ' Hart
Harry O'Connoras Joe Stern
Pat Patton as One Lung , the cook
References
Bibliography
Pitts , Michael R. Western Movies : A Guide to 5,105 Feature Films . McFarland , 2012 .
External links
1925 films
1925 Western ( genre ) films
Chesterfield Pictures films
American black-and-white films
Silent American Western ( genre ) films
1920s English-language films
1920s American films
Show Me the Money ( SMTM ; Korean : 쇼미더머니 ) is a South Korean rap competition TV show that airs on Mnet . The show has thus far released two compilation albums .
Compilation albums
Show Me the Money
Show Me the Money 2
Show Me the Money 3
Show Me the Money 4
Show Me the Money 5
Show Me the Money 6
Show Me the Money 777
Show Me the Money 8
Show Me the Money 9
Show Me the Money 10
See also
Unpretty Rapstar discography
References
Show Me the Money ( South Korean TV series )
Discographies of South Korean artists
Hip hop discographies
The Short S.41 was a British single-engined biplane built for the Royal Navy in 1912 . Capable of being operated either on wheels or floats , it was successful enough for a further two similar aircraft to be built , with the type remaining in use until the early years of the First World War .
Development and design
In 1912 , the Short S.36 tractor biplane , built for Francis McClean , was loaned to the Royal Navy for use at its Naval Flying School . Impressed by the S.36 , the Admiralty ordered two similar tractor biplanes , capable of operating on either wheels or floats , the smaller Short S.45 , like the S.36 , powered by a 70 hp ( 52 kW ) Gnome Lambda , and the larger Short S.41 powered by a 14-cylinder , twin-row 100 hp ( 75 kW ) Gnome double Omega rotary engine .
The S.41 was an unequal-span two bay tractor biplanes with a slim rectangular section fuselage mounted between the wings . It was first flown by Charles Rumney Samson on 2 April 1912 with a wheeled undercarriage , and shortly afterwards was fitted with floats , consisting of two main pontoons under the fuselage and smaller floats at the wingtips and tail , and was delivered to the Navy .
Following the operational flights made during 1912 , S.41 was returned to the factory for an overhaul and the fitting of folding wings , which were hinged so that they folded back horizontally alongside the fuselage , reducing storage space required for stowage aboard ship . At this time it was given the RNAS number `` 10 '' . In November 1913 it underwent further modifications , being used to perfect a development of the folding mechanism which allowed the wings to be unfolded from the cockpit : at the same time new wings , similar in pattern to those of the Short Admiralty Type 81 were fitted .
The folding wing mechanism for shipborne aircraft had been designed by Horace Short , and was the subject of a series of patents
Operational history
The S.41 was flown successfully at the Fleet Review at Weymouth on 8 May , being based on the Battleship HMS Hibernia . It was also used by Samson to carry out survey flights of potential sites for seaplane stations , which led to the establishment of the seaplane station at Felixstowe , and for early trials with use of radio from aircraft .
The success of the S.41 was such that two similar aircraft , constructor 's numbers S.51 and S.52 , also powered by the two-row Gnome , were ordered by the RNAS , with serial numbers 20 and 21 : These were first flown in April 1913 . These aircraft differed in detail from the first aircraft : the wing section was improved , double-acting ailerons were fitted and the overhanging section of the upper wing was braced by kingposts rather than struts .
Like 10 , they were used for trials of airborne radio , as well as carrying out tests of beaching gear . They remained in use at the start of the First World War , where , despite the unreliability of the twin-row Gnome , they were used for anti-submarine patrols early in the war , 20 continuing in use from the seaplane station at Great Yarmouth until July 1915 .
Variants
A single aircraft , similar in design to the S.41 but slightly smaller , was built by Shorts and exhibited at the 1913 Aero Show at Olympia , London , featuring a number of refinements including manganese-steel tube interplane struts and provision for starting the engine from the cockpit . This had the Shorts manufacturer 's number S.53 , and was later bought by the Admiralty and given RNAS No . 42 , thereby becoming known as the Admiralty Type 42 . It was first flown as a seaplane but later fitted with a wheeled undercarriage : in this form it was one of the aircraft which were sent to Ostend at the outbreak of World War I : it was written off by Samson on 28 September 1914 when it crashed on takeoff due to engine failure .
Operators
Royal Naval Air Service
Specifications ( S.41 seaplane )
See also
Notes
References
Barnes , C.H . Shorts Aircraft since 1900 . London : Putnam , 1967 .
Bruce , J.M . `` The Short Seaplanes : Historical Military Aircraft No . 14 Part I '' . Flight , 14 December 1956. pp . 921–926 .
Bruce , J.M . British Aeroplanes 1914–18 . London : Putnam , 1957 .
External links
1910s British military reconnaissance aircraft
Floatplanes
S.41
Biplanes
Rotary-engined aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1912
The Soviet locomotive class L ( Russian : Л ) was a Soviet main freight steam locomotive type . They were nicknamed `` Swan ''
Description
The L class 2-10-0 was the first Soviet locomotive to use Boxpok-type wheels , which were commonplace in steam locomotive design post-World War II . A casing between the dome and chimney covered a steam drier pipe .
History
It was designed and built by the Kolomna Locomotive Works shortly after World War II under supervision by L.C . Lebedyanski . It was originally designated Class P ( for Pobeda , `` victory '' ) , but was redesignated Class L in honor of its designer .
In conjunction with the FD class 2-10-2 , it was primarily used to haul mainline goods across the terrain of the Soviet Union . Over 4,000 L class locomotives were constructed from 1945-1955 , and they operated with the Soviet Railways until 1975 .
Today there are over 300 example of L class locomotives surviving in various states of repair in the former Soviet Union , constituting the single largest surviving class of locomotives in the world . Many are still in operating condition .
See also
History of rail transport in Russia
Russian Railway Museum , Saint Petersburg
References
L
2-10-0 locomotives
Freight locomotives
5 ft gauge locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1945
1′E h2 locomotives
Cecil Hobbs ( April 22 , 1907 – December 8 , 1991 ) was an American scholar of Southeast Asian history , best known for being the head of the Southern Asia Section of the Orientalia ( now Asian ) Division of the Library of Congress . They were regarded as a major contributor to scholarship on Asia and the development of South East Asian coverage in American library collections during a career at the Library of Congress spanning 28 years .
Born on April 22 , 1907 in Martins Ferry , Ohio , Hobbs graduated with B.A . degree in history from the University of Illinois , where they were a lecturer for two years . In 1933 , they were awarded a B.D . degree from the Colgate Rochester Divinity School in New York state . Hobbs 's initial contact with Southeast Asian studies came in 1935 , when they traveled with their wife Cecile Jackson Hobbs to Burma , where they served under the American Baptist Mission Board as a field administrator and professor at the Pierce Divinity College and the Burma Theological Seminary . They taught in Burmese . With the outbreak of the Second World War , Imperial Japan swept through East and South East Asia , and Hobbs and their wife returned to the United States after the Japanese invasion of Burma in 1942 . Hobbs resumed graduate study at Colgate Rochester , receiving both a Th.M . degree and a doctorate of theology .
Hobbs joined the Library of Congress in 1943 , specialising on Southeast Asia , and was elevated to the head of the Southern Asian Section in 1958 . During their period as the head , they made six field trips to Southeast Asia to acquire publications for the Library . Their accounts of the publishing landscape and publications obtained were distributed by the Southeast Asia Program of Cornell University for dissemination to scholars and librarians across the globe . In addition , they authored Understanding the Peoples of Southern Asia ( University of Illinois Press , 1967 ) ; History and Culture of Southern Asia ( University of Illinois Press , 1968 ) ; and Research Needs Relating to Southeast Asia ( Southeast Asia Development Advisory Group , 1969 ) , and bibliographical publications . After their retirement , they served for one year as a consultant to the library of the Australian National University in Canberra . They also served as a subeditor for Southern Asia for the American Historical Review ; they sat on the advisory board of contributing consultants to the International Library Review ( London ) ; and was a member of the international editorial advisory board of Southeast Asia ; an International Quarterly .
Hobbs was a charter member of the Association for Asian Studies , which was set up in 1948 as the Far Eastern Association . They were the chairperson of its Committee on American Library Resources on Southeast Asia for several years , and remained active in the activities of its successor body , the Committee on Research Materials on Southeast Asia . They were key player in organising the Conference on American Library Resources on Southern Asia held in 1957 and the Conference on Access to Southeast Asian Research Materials in 1970 . Both of these events were held at the Library of Congress . In recognition of their contributions to Southeast Asian librarianship and the Library of Congress , they were decorated with a Meritorious Service Award in 1967 and a Superior Service Award in 1971 .
Away from their academic career , Hobbs served as a clergyman in the Virginia Conference of the United Methodist Church . They died at the age of 84 on December 8 , 1991 . Their wife died soon after on January 9 , 1992 . A joint memorial service was held for the couple on January 16 , 1992 at the Fairlington United Methodist Church in Alexandria , Virginia .
References
1907 births
1991 deaths
Cornell University faculty
People from Martins Ferry , Ohio
Colgate Rochester Crozer Divinity School alumni
The 1976-77 French Rugby Union Championship was won by Béziers beating Perpignan in the final .
Formula
The `` elite '' ( group A ) were formed by five pools of eight clubs .
Were 25 the teams of groups A qualified for the knockout stages with seven team coming from group B , also formed by 40 teams .
Both group were arranged in 5 pools of 8 teams .
Qualification Round
Group A
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round . The teams are listed according to the final ranking
Group B
The teams qualified are here listed :
Knockout stages
`` Last 32 ''
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
`` Last 16 ''
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
Béziers won le Bouclier de Brennus for the fifth time in the '70s .
Three players in the match were also members of the French team that won Grand Slam in 1977 with `` équipe de France '' : Alain Paco and Michel Palmié of Béziers and Jean-François Imbernon of USAP .
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1977 lnr.fr
1977
France
Championship
The 1943 Christchurch East by-election held on 6 February was caused by the death of Tim Armstrong during the term of the 26th New Zealand Parliament . The by-election in the Christchurch East electorate was contested by five candidates , including representatives from the Labour Party , the Labour breakaway party Democratic Labour Party and the National Party . The election was won by the Labour candidate , Mabel Howard , and started their long parliamentary career , which included them becoming the first female cabinet minister in 1947 .
Background and candidates
Tim Armstrong was first elected to Parliament in the Christchurch East electorate in the 1922 general election and held the electorate for Labour until their death . The by-election in this Labour stronghold attracted five candidates .
Mabel Howard , the daughter of former member of parliament Ted Howard , had wanted to follow their father in the 1939 Christchurch South by-election caused by their death , but although they were the favoured candidate by the local branch of the party , the Labour Party hierarchy chose Robert Macfarlane instead . Howard believed that back then , they were opposed due to their connections to John A. Lee , who was seen as a radical within the party . But for the 1943 by-election in the Christchurch East electorate , Mabel Howard was nominated by the Labour Party .
Lee had been expelled from the Labour Party in 1940 and had immediately set up a splinter party that they called Democratic Labour Party ( DLP ) . Horace Herring stood for the DLP and it was expected that this would split the Labour vote .
Owen McKee was a union delegate from South Canterbury . A former vice-president of the General Labourers ' Union in Timaru , they were seen as running a personal campaign against Howard over a difference of opinion . Their candidacy was not seen as serious .
Melville Lyons was the candidate put forward by the National Party . A seasoned political campaigner , Lyons had briefly been elected to Parliament in 1925 for the Lyttelton electorate before their election was declared void . At the time , they were Deputy-Mayor of Christchurch . In conjunction with the split vote caused by the DLP , Lyons was expected to be a threat to Labour .
The last candidate , Lincoln Efford , was a peace advocate and was not taken seriously .
Results
There were 15,330 voters registered in the Christchurch East electorate for the 1938 general election held on 15 October . Results of the Christchurch East general election were :
There were 14,835 people on the electoral roll , of which 9,644 voted in the 6 February 1943 by-election . The individual results were :
As it had been predicted , the Labour vote was split between Howard and Herring . The National vote was practically unchanged compared to the 1938 general election . With Labour 's substantial majority in 1938 , even the split vote gained Howard a comfortable win , with Herring ( DLP ) coming second and Lyons ( National ) coming third . The two remaining candidates had marginal returns . Howard was the fourth woman to be represented in the New Zealand Parliament , and the fifth woman overall . It started Howard 's long parliamentary career , which lasted until 1969 when they retired . They were to become the first woman cabinet minister ( as Minister of Health in 1947–1949 ) in New Zealand .
Notes
References
Christchurch East 1943
Christchurch East
1943
1940s in Christchurch
The 1901–02 Rugby Union County Championship was the 14th edition of England 's premier rugby union club competition at the time .
Durham won the competition for the second time defeating Gloucestershire in the final .
Final
See also
English rugby union system
Rugby union in England
References
Rugby Union County Championship
County Championship ( rugby union ) seasons
Eldar Allakhverdiyev ( ) is a retired Soviet and Ukrainian football player .
Career
Eldar Allakhverdiyev , started their career in 1997 at Borysfen Boryspil in Kyiv until 1999 , where they played 35 games and scoring 3 goals . In 1998 they played also 3 matches with Mykolaiv . They made their debut on 3 april 1999 during the match Metallurg ( Mariupol ) - SC Nikolaev , 3 : 0 . Then they played in the Ukrainian Second League clubs Ros Bila Tserkva and in 2001 they moved to Desna Chernihiv , the main club of Chernihiv . Since 2004 they have played in amateur and futsal teams . They spent some time in the Polish championship team .
Honours
Borysfen Boryspil
Ukrainian Second League : 1999–2000
References
External links
Eldar Allakhverdiyev allplayers.in.ua
1978 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
Ukrainian footballers
FC Desna Chernihiv players
FC Borysfen Boryspil players
MFC Mykolaiv players
FC Ros Bila Tserkva players
FC Sokil Zolochiv players
Ukrainian Second League players
Ukrainian First League players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Association football forwards
2020 QG , also known by its internal designation ZTF0DxQ , is an Earth-crossing asteroid , a few meters in diameter . It belongs to the Apollo group , and passed above the surface of Earth approximately away ( less than half an Earth radius ) on 16 August 2020 at 04:09 UT . It was first imaged by the Zwicky Transient Facility ( ZTF ) at the Palomar Observatory about 6 hours after this closest approach , and was later identified by Kunal Deshmukh , a student at the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay , along with colleagues Kritti Sharma , Chen-Yen Hsu and Bryce T. Bolin analyzing images from the ZTF .
At the time , 2020 QG passed closer to Earth than any known asteroid , except for those that became meteors . It passed closer than and 2020 JJ . Given an absolute magnitude of 29.8 , it is estimated to be around in diameter so similar to Earth-impactors , 2014 AA , 2018 LA , and 2019 MO .
Orbit and classification
2020 QG orbits the Sun at approximately 1.0–2.9 AU every 964.2 days ( 2.64 years ) after its 2020 orbital perturbation by its close approach with Earth . Before perturbation , it orbited every 990.5 days ( with a semi-major axis of 1.9 AU ) .
Before its perturbation , flying by Earth , the asteroid 's orbit had an eccentricity of 0.49 and an inclination of 5.5° ( with respect to the ecliptic ) . The asteroid came to perihelion ( the closest approach to the Sun ) on 1 August , and then on 16 August 2020 the close approach to Earth reduced its orbital period . From the encounter with the larger gravity field , the orbital eccentricity became 0.48 and the inclination stands at 4.7° .
In May 2020 , before any perturbation , the asteroid had an Earth-MOID ( Minimum orbit intersection distance ) of . Hours before the close approach the Earth-MOID was , the close-approach perturbation ( change to orbit ) bringing it closer .
Detectability
Asteroids that are similar in size to 2020 QG are difficult to detect because they are small and therefore dim . Between 2010–2020 , the asteroid was never brighter than about apparent magnitude 31 making it about 10 thousand times fainter than a typical discovery magnitude of 21 . The Hubble Space Telescope needs 3 weeks of exposure time to image magnitude 31 objects and has an extremely small field of view , making serendipitous discoveries essentially impossible at those magnitudes . During the 2020 approach , the asteroid appeared dimmer than magnitude 24 until it had a solar elongation of only 60 degrees . The asteroid was imaged when it had a solar elongation of 125 degrees and was around magnitude 19 .
Future approaches
2020 QG will make several close approaches with Earth in the future , albeit at larger distances compared to the August 2020 encounter . The next close approach by 2020 QG will be in May 2028 , which it will pass by Earth from a nominal distance of .
See also
List of asteroid close approaches to Earth in 2020
Asteroid impact prediction
Notes
References
External links
ZTF Finds The Closest Known Asteroid to Fly By Earth , Whitney Clavin , Caltech , 18 August 2020
Minor planet object articles ( unnumbered )
Discoveries by the Zwicky Transient Facility
20200816
20200816
On the Wasteland is a 1975 children 's book written by Scottish author Ruth M. Arthur , illustrated by Margery Gill and published by Victor Gollancz in the United Kingdom and Atheneum Books in the United States . The book - set in Suffolk , England - explores the relationship between the past and the present in the life of a teenage woman .
Summary
Betony is orphaned at age six , when their mother 's boyfriend travels with them from the Scottish borderland to Suffolk , where their mother 's family originated . From that age they grow up in a children 's home , while exploring the area where their ancestors may have lived . As their time slip experiences become more and more substantial to her , they find the family experiences they longed for , but nearly loses themselves in the process . With support from their guardian and their friends , they tie together all the strands - past and present - and moves forward to start the next chapter of their life .
Plot
When Betony first arrives at Brackenbury Children 's Home , the other children sense their independent ways and see the rings in their ears , and assign them the name of 'Gypsy . ' Not used to being around kids their own age , and feeling very vulnerable after so much loss , they establish a loner self among their classmates . On their own they explore the 'Wasteland ' , nearby salt marshes fed by the North Sea . In their internal world they are open and listening , and one day while she 's digging around they dig much deeper than usual as if possessed , and discovers an immovable object made of wood . Them shovel breaks off a part of that object , which they carry with them from that point on .
Carrying the wooden splint with her , they first begin to see the Viking ship itself , back when the North Sea came farther inland as a wide river and the pool was an actual port . They slip into the experience of being lashed to the deck for safety as a child when their Danish Viking raider family came over to East Anglia . The ship and its inhabitants become their internal fascination , and they will themselves to go deeper into the feeling of those lives . They find books on the area 's history and sees ships just like that of their vision , during the period when the Vikings raiders became traders and neighbours to the Saxon residents .
One day as they hold the wooden splint in their hand , they feel reality around them transform with sound vibration . They can hear the bustle of a busy camp momentarily , and then it fades away . From that point they continue to seek out and have intensifying experiences first with sound only including battle scenes with cries of 'The Norsemen ' from the inland Saxon communities . As the time slip experiences continue they not only can see what is happening , but they experience events physically , and can also understand their foreign language perfectly . They slip in to the life of Estrith , their ancestor , as they are betrothed to Edmund in the name of peace between the peoples .
Simultaneous with those intense time slip experiences , Betony gets to know the people living nearby . They befriend Yetty and Nott , who live in a boathouse and is beside themselves when their home is set on fire while Nott is away ill ( and Yetty with him ) . They go to Yetty 's employer , Carrie Thorpe , to inquire about seeing Yetty , and they become acquainted . When Yetty moves to the manor to stay on and help Mrs. Thorpe , Betony becomes a frequent visitor ( and later , employee ) . They succeed in their studies and meets Lionel .
After witnessing a life-changing event for Estrith , Betony feels compelled to rush into the flowing river and nearly drowns back in the present time . They are pulled out by Orlando , speaking at first in a language they ca n't understand until they return to the present day . They close the door to the past by throwing that piece of wood in the fire , and turns instead to their actual present-day life . When Linney returns home next , they move towards a serious relationship . Linney has invited an archaeologist to the area , and they try and find the buried ship , but are not able to - nor anything else from those early settlements . Despite the disappointment , Betony decides to study history , specialise in the Saxon-Viking period , and to make teaching about that period their life 's work .
Major Characters
Betony Craig , protagonist , orphan , descendant of Vikings who settled around Suffolk .
Sally Craig , Betony 's mother , who tried to care for Betony after their husband died , but died in childbirth themselves when Betony was six .
Betony 's Maternal great-grandfather , direct descendant of the Viking settlers . Had an old family ring , gave it to Sally for their wedding ceremony . Toward the end of their life , Sally had that ring crafted into two earrings for Betony .
Sparks , Betony 's dog , who is allowed to stay with them at Brackenbury against protocol , providing companionship in their early years there . After Sparks dies , they continue to protect Betony when called upon .
Yvette ( Yetty ) Nott , part-time housekeeper for Mrs. Thorpe at the manor house . Elderly , they become very dear to Bett ( as they call Betony ) . Growing up in the village , they had lived in an upturned boat on the far side of the tide pool with their husband for 30 years as of the time of the story .
Adam Nott ( Nott ) , Yetty 's husband , is an ex-Navy man wounded during the war , currently makes a modest living as a water diviner . They speak the Suffolk dialect more heavily than Yetty . After a fall in which they break their leg and catches pneumonia from exposure , they have a long convalescence but dies without returning to their home .
Orlando Frisby ( Orrie ) , an adopted young black man whose father is a mussel fisherman , a bit older than Betony . After the other boys burn down the boat house , they focus on Yetty and takes up gardening at the manor .
Lionel Thorpe ( Linney ) , favorite grandson of Carrie Thorpe , around Betony 's age , who also feels drawn to the Wasteland .
Estrith , the chieftain 's daughter , whose life Betony time slips in to .
Thorkell , Estrith 's brother and leader of their Viking community in Suffolk , who seeks peace with their Saxon neighbours .
Minor Characters
Betony 's father , Scottish fisherman who died when Betony was just a baby , in an accident at sea .
Betony 's mother 's grandmother , raised Betony 's mother with their husband at the edge of the salt marshes .
Jacko , Betony 's mother 's boyfriend at the end , a tinker and metalworker . Preferred to keep the three of them separate from the Tinker communities , brought Betony back to Suffolk after their mother died .
Miss Lib , a young woman who teaches at Brackenbury and first found Betony and brought them there . They moved away soon after .
Miss John , principal of Brackenbury , strict but gentle . They always acted with Betony 's best interests in mind .
Carrie Thorpe , widow of George Thorpe of the local landed family , living in the manor house . Yetty 's employer who adds Betony to help Yetty , and lends Betony books from their library . The Wasteland actually belongs to the Thorpe family .
Selina , Orlando 's girlfriend .
Red Cole and Bob Cole , sons of mussel fishers recently moved in to the area , with much bravado and not enough restraint .
Emma , Thorkell 's betrothed , daughter of a Saxon chieftain .
Chieftain 's mother , raises Estrith and Thorkell and longs to see home again before they die . They weave cloth on a small loom , and uses runes and amulets to ward off the evil eye .
Edmund , Estrith 's betrothed , son of a Saxon chieftain .
Viking chieftain , leader of the incoming community and head of the household Betony joins .
Time slip
Betony 's childhood at Brackenbury includes increasingly vivid experiences from the perspective of their Viking ancestor via a time slip back to the period around 850 AD to 975 AD , when the Wasteland was water-accessible from the North Sea and the Viking settlements were taking hold . Within that past life they are deeply rooted in family , and becomes betrothed to an important chief . After the loss of their family at sea , Betony closes the door to those experiences .
Wasteland
The intensely untamed land that Arthur describes as the Wasteland is a major aspect of the book , continuing a pattern throughout their work that places importance on places . Vivid descriptions of its vegetation , changeable weather and soaring birds create a setting that is wild both literally and figuratively . Arthur cites the Shorter Oxford Dictionary definition of 'wasteland ' in the front pages : `` Land in its natural uncultivated state '' . This space is filled with intense emotional attachment for Betony . Yetty and Nott - an elderly couple who live in an upturned boat - become supports during their journey , in which the Wasteland both `` enchants and ensnares '' them Yetty warns Bett that the Wasteland 's pool was best avoided , that there was a ghost pirate ship haunting the place . The ship seemed to carry echoes of its own dangerous times , casting a spell over people and actually causing several drownings despite the low water levels . After it almost happens to her , Betony comes to grips with the place 's full measure , their bond to it remaining unbroken even so .
Reception
Library Thing describes On the Wasteland as an interesting variation on Arthur 's usual time slip novel . Instead of the past helping the protagonist solve their present day problems , there is a neat symmetry : `` the echoes of the past saving Betony from their early isolation and their growing friendships saving them from the past . '' Charlotte 's Library Blog enjoyed On the Wasteland but regretted the narrative distance caused by Betony telling the reader what happened , and the frequent use of flashbacks .
See also
References
External links
Worldcat
Publication history
Trove - National Library of Australia
Goodreads.com
The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction
ISF DB
Open Library
British young adult novels
1975 British novels
Novels set in Suffolk
Victor Gollancz Ltd books
Eicochrysops pauliani is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . It is found on Madagascar . The habitat consists of forests .
References
Butterflies described in 1950
Eicochrysops
Butterflies of Africa
Milton Martinez ( born March 5 , 1991 ) is a goofy-footed Argentine professional skateboarder . In 2019 , Martinez was named Thrasher 's Skater of the Year .
Early life
Milton was born and raised in Mar del Plata , Argentina . They were born into a family of skateboarders , and was introduced to skating by their father Tatu at a young age . Milton 's family owned and lived in a skateshop in Mar del Plata . They participated in skateboard contests throughout their childhood , and soon picked up several sponsorships . At the age of 16 , they put off school and travelled to Europe to pursue skating .
Skateboarding career
Sunset Carwash kickflip
In April 2015 , Milton broke their leg after attempting to ollie into the Sunset Carwash bank on Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood , California . They returned to the spot in 2019 and landed a kickflip into the bank . A photo of the kickflip was used as the December 2019 cover of Thrasher Magazine , and video of the kickflip was used as the last clip in their ¡DEMOLICIÓN ! video part .
Martinez was the first person to land a flip trick into the bank . Prior to their kickflip , the only other recorded tricks landed at that spot were an early-grab by John Cardiel , an ollie by Daniel Monkress for the Kre-Per Show video , and one by Jim Greco for Baker 3 in the same year . Other skateboarders had tried and failed to do tricks into the carwash bank , including Mark Gonzales who attempted an early-grab , and Dustin Dollin who attempted a kickflip .
As of 2020 , Milton is sponsored by Creature Skateboards , Converse , Independent Truck Company , Bronson Speed Co. , OJ Wheels , Volcom , Social Skateshop , Mob , and Bum Bag .
Skate video parts
Doceseis – 2012
CSFU - Creature – 2013
Creature fiend - 2014
Volcom - Holy Stokes – 2016
The Creature Video - Creature – 2017
Purple - Converse – 2018
The Creature Tour video – 2018
¡DEMOLICIÓN ! – 2019
Milton Martinez SOTY tour – Thrasher Magazine – 2020
Gangreen - Creature – 2021
References
1991 births
Living people
Argentine skateboarders
Sportspeople from Mar del Plata
Retired from Sad , New Career in Business is the second studio album by Japanese-American musician Mitski . Mitski self-released the project on August 1 , 2013 while still a student at SUNY Purchase . The album was their senior project and featured a 60-piece student orchestra . Every song on the album was accompanied by a music video , with each video playing a part in an ongoing story . In the summer of 2020 , album track `` Strawberry Blond '' gained a resurgence in popularity on the social media app TikTok , specifically in the cottagecore community .
Critical reception
Retired from Sad , New Career in Business received praise for its blend of `` out-of-the-norm orchestral sounds with electronics and 'found ' sounds '' . In a career retrospective following their 2018 studio album Be the Cowboy , Jesse Herb of Atwood Magazine said that the album `` completely highlights Mitski 's writing growth in just one year , and also their impeccable composition '' and that the album `` could be in an off-broadway musical . '' Herb singled out `` Shame '' , `` Circle '' , and `` Strawberry Blond '' in particular , saying that the latter `` feels like a lost Dar Williams record '' .
Track listing
In July 2022 the track listing on streaming services was revised to match the original Bandcamp version , with Square ( solo piano version ) and Shame ( Jammin ' out Solo version ) omitted . Official releases of these tracks are currently unavailable on streaming services .
Personnel
Credits adapted from Bandcamp .
Mitski – songwriting , vocals , drums
Trevor Fedele – recording engineer
Patrick Hyland – recording engineer , mixing engineer , mastering engineer
Will Prinzi – acoustic guitar , electric guitar , bass
Mike Rasimas – drums
Scott Interrante – orchestrations
Sean Mcverry – gang vocals
Eli Wolf-Christensen – gang vocals , mandolin
Kenneth `` Kenny '' Trotter – violin
Sarah Wolffe – violin
Michael Mandrin – violin
Sophie Dolamore – viola
Naseer François Ashraf – viola
Elise Linder – cello
Pete Olynciw – upright bass
Kevin Schmid – upright bass
Julie Yeaeun Lee – flute
Andrew Cowie – clarinet , bass clarinet
John Cummings – trumpet
Jerome Burns – trumpet , cornet
Rich Liverano – trombone
Cristian Uraga – french horn
Pixel ( as Trixie Doll ) – cover model
References
External links
2013 albums
Mitski albums
Self-released albums
Orchestral pop albums
Freak folk albums
Layman E. Scott Sr. High School ( formerly known as Cayman Brac Secondary Modern School and Cayman Brac High School ) is a secondary school located in Cayman Brac , Cayman Islands . It is the only secondary school on Cayman Brac .
The school was officially opened on 23 January 1967 as Cayman Brac Secondary Modern School with 73 students and 4 staff members , under the leadership of then-principal Layman E. Scott Sr .
The school name was changed from Cayman Brac High School to Layman E. Scott Sr. High School on 20 April 2011 in honour of Layman E. Scott Sr. who served as the first principal of the school . Scott died on 25 December 2010 .
References
External links
Layman E. Scott Sr. High School
Buildings and structures in Cayman Brac
Educational institutions established in 1967
Secondary schools in the Cayman Islands
1967 establishments in the Cayman Islands
The inaugural Winter Olympics were held in Chamonix , France , from 25 January to 4 February 1924 . A total of 258 athletes from 16 National Olympic Committees ( NOCs ) competed in 16 events across 9 disciplines . Women also took part in these Games , although the only events they were allowed to compete in were the figure skating ladies ' singles and pairs . When the Games were held , they were not recognized as the Winter Olympics but rather as a winter sports week festival . It was not until 1926 that the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) officially recognized them as the first Winter Olympics .
A total of 104 athletes won medals for their NOCs , but the athletes from Norway and Finland stood out and dominated the Games , winning 17 and 11 medals , respectively . The United States and Great Britain tied for third place in the count of total medals , with four each . Athletes from 10 of the 16 participating NOCs won at least one medal ; eight won at least one gold medal . Many of the athletes who won these medals had already returned to their home countries by the time the medals were awarded , on 5 February , and other participants from their countries had to take the medals to the winning athletes .
Finnish speed skater Clas Thunberg topped the medal count with five medals : three golds , one silver , and one bronze . One of their competitors , Roald Larsen of Norway , also won five medals , with two silver and three bronze medal-winning performances . The first gold medalist at these Games—and therefore the first gold medalist in Winter Olympic history—was American speed skater Charles Jewtraw . Only one medal change took place after the Games : in the ski jump competition , a marking error deprived American athlete Anders Haugen of a bronze medal . Haugen pursued an appeal to the IOC many years after the fact ; they were awarded the medal after a 1974 decision in their favor .
{ | id= '' toc '' class= '' toc '' summary= '' Contents ''
|align= '' center '' colspan=3|Contents
|-
|
Bobsleigh
Cross-country skiing
Curling
|valign=top|
Figure skating
Ice hockey
Military patrol
|valign=top|
Nordic combined
Ski jumping
Speed skating
|-
|align=center colspan=3|Medal leaders See also Notes References External links
| }
Bobsleigh
Cross-country skiing
Curling
Figure skating
Ice hockey
Military patrol
Nordic combined
Ski jumping
Speed skating
Medal leaders
Athletes who won multiple medals are listed below .
Notes
See also
1924 Winter Olympics medal table
References
External links
1924 Winter
medal winners
Cataract Engine Company No . 3 is a historic building at 116 Rock Street in Fall River , Massachusetts . It also served as the meeting hall of the Richard Borden GAR Post No . 46 of the Grand Army of the Republic . It is now occupied by a tobacco shop .
The building is a two-story wood-frame structure , three bays wide , with a front-facing gable roof . A single-story porch spans the front , and plain pilasters grace the building corners . It was built in 1843 as the city 's third fire station . It is the city 's only surviving frame fire station , and one of its only surviving non-residential Greek Revival structures .
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 .
See also
Lower Highlands Historic District
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River , Massachusetts
References
Fire stations completed in 1843
Buildings and structures in Fall River , Massachusetts
Fire stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Grand Army of the Republic buildings and structures
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River , Massachusetts
Historic district contributing properties in Massachusetts
Defunct fire stations in Massachusetts
1843 establishments in Massachusetts
Brother Will Hairston ( November 22 , 1919 – March 17 , 1988 ) was an American gospel singer and preacher in Detroit , Michigan , called `` The Hurricane of the Motor City '' and known for their `` startlingly socially conscious '' songs of protest in the 1950s and 1960s during the Civil Rights Movement .
Biography
Will Hairston was born into a poor farming family in Brookfield , Mississippi , and went to school in the town of Centreville . After both their parents died , they moved to St. Louis and was drafted into the US Army Air Force during World War II . Once the war ended , they married , and moved with their wife to Detroit where they worked in the Chrysler factory on 8 Mile Road . They were a member of the Church of Christ , and made their first recordings for the church in 1955 , credited as Brother Will Hairston . Their first record was `` My God Do n't Like It '' , subsequently re-titled `` The Death of Emmet Teal '' , commenting on the lynching of fourteen-year-old Emmett Till in Mississippi in August 1955 .
On later records , Hairston was credited as `` The Hurricane of the Motor City '' , an epithet deriving from a time when , they said : `` I was singing spirituals at a church once where the pews were not stationary . After a couple of selections some of the members got happy and began to shout . When the service was over someone mentioned that the church looked as if a hurricane had been through it . The subtitle has stuck since then . ''
In 1956 , Hairston wrote and recorded `` The Alabama Bus '' for Detroit record store owner Joe Von Battle 's J.V.B . label . With Washboard Willie on percussion , the song describes and chronicles the Montgomery bus boycott that followed Rosa Parks ' refusal to give up their seat to a white man . Hairston 's recording , described as `` emotional '' and `` gripping '' , was the first to reference by name Rev . Martin Luther King Jr . The following year , Hairston recorded `` Shout School Children '' , which chronicled the enrollment of nine children at Little Rock Central High School , and subsequent events including the delayed intervention of President Eisenhower . The recording and their later releases were issued on the Knowles record label in Detroit , and were personally sold by Hairston himself .
Hairston returned to the recording studio in 1964 , releasing `` The Story of President Kennedy '' , for which they received an appreciative acknowledgement from Jacqueline Kennedy . The following year , in support of the Selma to Montgomery marches , they recorded `` March On To Montgomery '' , again with Washboard Willie and piano accompaniment by Louise Jackson . In 1968 they recorded `` The War in Vietnam '' , andafter the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. '' Rev . King Had A Time '' .
Hairston retired from Chrysler on disability grounds in 1970 . In December 1971 , they were shot and seriously injured by a white man , but recovered . Their final recordings in 1972 , with a gospel choir , included `` Death Knocked At My Door , Jesus Got the Key '' , `` This May Be My Last Time '' , and `` Minny , Your Dress Too Short '' , a protestation against miniskirts . Many of their recordings were issued on an LP , Brother Will Hairston : Hurricane of the Motor City .
They died in 1988 , aged 68 . They were survived by their widow , and eight of their ten children .
References
1919 births
1988 deaths
Singers from Detroit
American gospel singers
People from Centreville , Mississippi
20th-century American singers
Jotto ( or Giotto ) is a logic-oriented word game played with two players , a writing implement , and a piece of paper with the alphabet on it . Each player writes a secret word and attempts to guess the other player 's word .
Gameplay
Each player picks a secret word of five letters and writes it down privately . Words must appear in a dictionary ; generally no proper nouns are allowed . The object of the game is to correctly guess the other player 's word first .
Players take turns : on a player 's turn , they guess some five-letter word , and the other player announces how many letters in that guess match a unique letter in their secret word . For example , if the secret word is OTHER and the guess is PEACH , the E and H in PEACH match an E and an H in OTHER , so the announced result is `` 2 '' . ( Letters do n't need to occur in the same position . ) On the next turn , players reverse roles .
Players keep track on paper of each guess and result , crossing out letters of the alphabet that ( by deduction ) can not appear in the opponent 's secret word . Eventually , one player has enough information to win by making a correct guess .
History
Jotto was invented in 1955 by Morton M. Rosenfeld and marketed by their New York-based Jotto Corp . In the 1970s , copyright passed to the Selchow and Righter Company . It is now made by Endless Games .
Variations
The most common variation uses words of four letters instead of five .
Players should agree before playing if secret words can contain duplicate letters .
Six-Letter ( sometimes called 'Word Master Mind ' , though its logical content places it well beyond Master Mind and Jotto ) . Known to have been played with pencil and paper in UK computer departments at least as far back as 1970 . Each player picks a secret word of 6 letters , and they take turns guessing the other 's word . Secret words ( sometimes called 'targets ' ) and guesses , must all be real words verifiable in a nominated dictionary . When you guess a word , you find out the number of letters which are perfect matches only . So if you guess PEACHY and the secret word was OTHERS , you get a reply of 0 ( because the E and H are in the wrong positions ) . Even more so than Jotto , this game stretches one 's skills in combinatorial logic as well as one 's command of the dictionary . The name of the same computer game is Sixicon by Island Software , 1979 .
Five-Letter , like Jotto , requires players to take turns guessing at an opponent 's five-letter word . Like Six-Letter , responses only indicate the number of perfect matches . If you guess PEACH and the secret word is PHIAL , the response would be 1 – the P is an exact match , but the A and the H are not . A strong strategy for Five-Letter involves attacking the middle three positions ( 2 , 3 , and 4 ) with vowels .
The television game show Lingo consists largely of contestants playing a variant of Jotto . In Lingo , the player is told which matching letters are in the correct position , and which are in incorrect positions . Instead of being selected by the contestants , the words are chosen by the show and contestants are given a limited number of guesses .
Kane Jotto is a form of multi-player Jotto . Each player has a secret word , like the original game . Each round , a player guesses a word and each player goes around stating the number of letters their or their secret word has in common with the guess . The winner correctly guesses the secret words of all other players .
Three-letter Jotto is played without using pencil and paper . In order that the game not be overly difficult , as it must be done entirely in the head , only perfect matches return a count .
See also
Lingo - a similar TV show
Wordle – a similar 2021 web game
Bulls and Cows – a similar game with numbers
Mastermind – a similar game with colored pegs
External links
Jotto — Detailed rules , strategies
Working version of Jotto — Uses 5 letters with duplicates not allowed
Word games
Selchow and Righter games
Endless Games games
Paper-and-pencil games
GITEX ( `` Gulf Information Technology Exhibition '' ) is an annual consumer computer and electronics trade show , exhibition , and conference that takes place in Dubai , United Arab Emirates at the Dubai World Trade Centre . Its exhibitions in the Middle East have attracted numerous participants , most notably in 2009 when Microsoft released Windows 7 with 150,019 people present .
The GITEX Shopper & Consumer Electronics Expo attracts ICT retailers and suppliers such as Gateway Group , Hewlett Packard Enterprise , 50 Cent , Etisalat , RedHat , and Dell . The consumer participants include IT professionals , technology enthusiasts , students and consumers as well as regional traders .
GITEX history
The show was launched in 1981 as GITE and occupied Hall One of the Dubai World Trade Centre . With the launch of MacWorld at the 1988 show , GITEX ( the X had been added by now ) expanded to two halls of the exhibition centre . For some years it has now filled the entire DWTC complex , currently consisting of 10 exhibition halls comprising a million feet of exhibition space .
References
Computer-related trade shows
Trade fairs in the United Arab Emirates
Events in Dubai
Today 's Tragedy , Tomorrow 's Memory : The Mixtape is the second official mixtape from South African rapper A-Reece . It was released on March 26 , 2021 . This mixtape features guest appearances Ayanda Jiya , Stogie T , Wordz , Jay Jody and Belo Salo .
Background
On February 2 , 2020 , Reece performed unreleased songs , including `` The 5 Year Plan '' , during their show at Riky Rick 's Cotton Fest music festival . Reece told Flaunt magazine that they were inspired by Kanye West .
Awards and nominations
Track listing
Note : All songs are stylized in all caps , and with the symbol `` $ '' replacing the letter `` S '' in the title . For example , `` The Same Thing '' is stylized as `` THE $ AME THING ''
References
A-Reece albums
2021 mixtape albums
Urmein ( Romansh : Urmagn ) is a municipality in the Viamala Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
History
Urmein is first mentioned in 1156 as Hof de Ormen .
Geography
Urmein has an area , , of . Of this area , 46.9 % is used for agricultural purposes , while 39.5 % is forested . Of the rest of the land , 5.7 % is settled ( buildings or roads ) and the remainder ( 7.8 % ) is non-productive ( rivers , glaciers or mountains ) .
Before 2017 , the municipality was located in the Thusis sub-district , of the Hinterrhein district , after 2017 it was part of the Viamala Region . It consists of the haufendorf ( an irregular , unplanned and quite closely packed village , built around a central square ) village of Urmein in the inner Heinzenberg mountains at an elevation of .
Demographics
Urmein has a population ( as of ) of . , 3.7 % of the population was made up of foreign nationals . Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 19.8 % .
, the gender distribution of the population was 45.9 % male and 54.1 % female . The age distribution , , in Urmein is ; 1 child or 1.2 % of the population is between 0 and 9 years old . 2 children or 2.5 % are 10 to 14 , and 3 children or 3.7 % are 15 to 19 . Of the adult population , 14 people or 17.3 % of the population are between 20 and 29 years old . 6 people or 7.4 % are 30 to 39 , 9 people or 11.1 % are 40 to 49 , and 18 people or 22.2 % are 50 to 59 . The senior population distribution is 14 people or 17.3 % of the population are between 60 and 69 years old , 10 people or 12.3 % are 70 to 79 , there are 4 people or 4.9 % who are 80 to 89 .
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 66.9 % of the vote . The next three most popular parties were the FDP ( 13.2 % ) , the SPS ( 12.9 % ) and the local , small right-wing parties ( 4.2 % ) .
In Urmein about 72.9 % of the population ( between age 25-64 ) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education ( either university or a Fachhochschule ) .
Urmein has an unemployment rate of 0 % . , there were 28 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 11 businesses involved in this sector . No one is employed in the secondary sector . 7 people are employed in the tertiary sector , with 4 businesses in this sector .
The historical population is given in the following table :
Languages
Most of the population ( ) speaks German ( 98.8 % ) , with the rest speaking Polish ( 1.2 % ) .
See also
Oberurmein
References
Municipalities of Graubünden
Joseph Sortain ( 1809–1860 ) was a British nonconformist minister , an evangelical Independent , philosophy tutor at Cheshunt College , and biographer of Francis Bacon . A reputed preacher of their time , they were called `` the Dickens of the pulpit '' by John Ross Dix .
Life
They were born in Clifton , Bristol ; their father was a baker of Huguenot descent. < ref > [ http : //archive.huguenotsociety.org.uk/44_Vol_XVI_Issue_4_1940-1.pdf Proceedings of the Huguenot Society Vol XVI Issue_41940-1 ( PDF ) ] at p. 427 < /ref > Their parents were in the congregation of James Sherman . This chapel was in the Countess of Huntingdon 's Connexion derived from the Calvinistic Methodists . In 1823 the congregation came under William Lucy , and shortly migrated to the Lodge Street Chapel .
Sortain attended the Bristol Baptist Academy when still young ( around 1824 ) ; at this period they won an essay prize , in a competition for which Lucy was their sponsor , on the topic Christ 's Mission . Reading Micaiah Towgood dissuaded them from going to the University of Cambridge . They then studied at Cheshunt College , and Trinity College , Dublin . They returned to Cheshunt College as a tutor , from 1838 to 1850 . Under the initial arrangement they taught mathematics , logic , and belles lettres , for two periods of six weeks in a year .
From 1832 Sortain was the Countess of Huntingdon 's preacher at their North Street Chapel in Brighton , where they were admired as an orator , and noted for not exceeding 30 minutes . They held to the dissenting position of their family , though they were known not to differ much from Anglican theological positions . Henry Crabb Robinson appreciated Sortain as a preacher , while thinking Frederick William Robertson ( `` Robertson of Brighton '' ) would rival him .
Sortain died on 16 July 1860 . Their funeral sermon was given by their friend Richard Alliott at the North Street Chapel . Their reputation lapsed , and they could be called a `` forgotten Bristol celebrity '' by 1907 .
Works
Sortain was a reviewer during the mid-1830s . They obtained work foe the High Church British Critic , through contacts with the Rev . Richard Harvey of Hornsey , and James Shergold Boone . They wrote also for the Edinburgh Review , at the suggestion of William Empson . These articles of the mid-1830s were anonymous , but attributions to Sortain have been made , for topics such as Brougham on natural theology , Coleridge , Charles Lyell on geology , and Mary Somerville 's Connection of the Physical Sciences in the British Critic . In the Edinburgh Review topics were Richard Baxter , Thomas Lathbury 's History of English Episcopacy , and Jeremy Bentham 's Deontology ( he thought Bentham 's works brought on `` mental nausea '' ) . Harvey , however , seemed to find Sortain 's oratory incomprehensible .
Sortain wrote A Lecture Introductory to the Study of Philosophy ( 1839 ) as a Cheshunt College tutor . They published Romanism and Anglo-Catholicism ( 1841 ) ; at this time they were preaching on Antichrist . The Eclectic Review noticed this work with one by Charles Pettit McIlvaine , as anti-Tractarian , though giving it little space , and regretting the `` declamatory '' style , while praising the content . Their Life of Francis , Lord Bacon was published by the Religious Tract Society in 1851 .
Sortain wrote novels , as well as theological and philosophical works : Hildebrand and the Excommunicated Emperor ( 1852 ) Count Arensberg ; or , The days of Martin Luther ( 1853 ) .
Family
Sortain married Bridget Margaret , daughter of Sir Patrick Macgregor , 1st Baronet . They published Memorials of the Rev . Joseph Sortain in 1861 .
Notes
Further reading
Benjamin Samuel Hollis ( 1861 ) , Sortain of Brighton ; a Review of Their Life and Ministry ''
External links
A Lecture introductory to the Study of Philosophy , online text .
1809 births
1860 deaths
English Methodists
English male novelists
19th-century English novelists
19th-century British male writers
Sigma 60mm F2.8 DN Art lens is a standard prime lens for Sony E and Micro Four-Thirds mounts , announced by Sigma on January 29 , 2013 . It was only the third interchangeable lens brought to market by Sigma for a digital mirrorless camera , and the second time doing so ( the first two lenses were released together in January 2012 ) .
Build quality
The lens showcases a glossy black ( or silver ) plastic exterior with the Sigma Art `` A '' badge on the side of the lens . It features a large manual focus ring and a detachable barrel-type lens hood .
Image quality
The optics are exceptionally sharp across the frame from its maximum aperture of f/2.8 . It has very little distortion , chromatic aberration , or vignetting .
Colour rendition is very good and neutral . Also it has a good resistance to lens flare .
See also
List of third-party E-mount lenses
List of Micro Four Thirds lenses
References
60
Camera lenses introduced in 2013
Sigma 60 2.8
Villi Hermann ( born 1941 ) is a Swiss film director and screenwriter . Their 1981 film The Homeless One was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival . Their 1989 film Bankomatt - with actor Bruno Ganz in the leading role - was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival .
Selected filmography
The Homeless One ( 1981 )
Bankomatt ( 1989 )
Producer
La Bataille d'Alger , un film dans l'Histoire ( 2017 ) by Malek Bensmaïl
La fin da la val l ' è mia la fin dal mund ( 2018 ) by Peter Frei
Cronofobia ( 2018 ) by Francesco Rizzi
Atlas ( 2020 ) by Niccolò Castelli
References
External links
1941 births
Living people
Swiss film directors
Swiss screenwriters
Swiss film producers
People from Lucerne
Hackney North was a constituency used for elections to the London County Council between 1889 and 1949 . The seat shared boundaries with the UK Parliament constituency of the same name .
Councillors
Election results
References
London County Council constituencies
Politics of the London Borough of Hackney
The Ruger Hawkeye is a single-shot pistol chambered for the .256 Winchester Magnum cartridge , produced by Sturm , Ruger & Co. from 1963 until July 1964 . It was built on the same frame as the Ruger Blackhawk , but rather than having a rotating cylinder like a standard revolver , it featured a swiveling breechblock which allowed an individual round to be loaded and sealed into the frame .
The Ruger Hawkeye pistol was not a commercial success , and was discontinued after only 3,075 were produced .
References
External links
Serial number history
Instruction manual
Sources
Larry Kelly , J. D. Jones . Hunting for Handgunners . Book Sales , 1990. .
Single-shot pistols
Sturm , Ruger & Company
Weapons and ammunition introduced in 1963
Propaganda is a form of communication that is aimed at influencing the attitude of a community toward some cause or position .
Propaganda may also refer to :
Books and magazines
Propaganda ( book ) , a 1928 book by Edward Bernays
Propaganda ( fanzine ) , a Finnish punk subculture fanzine founded in 1979 , reissued , as well digitally 2015
Propaganda : The Formation of Men 's Attitudes , a 1965 book by Jacques Ellul
Propaganda , The Game , a part of the set of Academic Games developed by Professors Robert and Layman Allen
Propaganda ( magazine ) , a former magazine about Goth subculture , issued since 1982 until 2002
Music
Record labels
Propaganda ( label ) , a Finnish record label , founded in 1981
Propaganda Records , a Finnish record company , founded in 1981
Artists
Propaganda ( band ) , a German synthpop group , formed in 1982
Propaganda ( Russian band ) , a Russian pop/synthpop band
Propaganda ( Yugoslav band ) , a former 1980s Yugoslav New Wave band from Belgrade
Propaganda ( musician ) , a Christian hip hop and spoken word artist and poet
Albums
Propaganda ( Sparks album ) , 1974
Propaganda ( The Sound album ) , 1999
Propaganda ( Aftershock album ) , a 2001 compilation album
Propaganda ( Melotron album ) , 2007
Propaganda ( Fred Frith album ) , 2015
Songs
`` Propaganda '' , a song by Sepultura on their album Chaos A.D .
`` Propaganda '' , a song by Briskeby
`` Propaganda '' , a song from Absolute Design by Engel
`` Propaganda '' , a song by Muse on their album Simulation Theory
Film
Propaganda ( 1999 film ) , a Turkish comedy film by director Sinan Çetin
Propaganda ( 2012 film ) , a New Zealand mockumentary representing itself as a North Korean propaganda film .
Propaganda film , usually a documentary-style production or a fictional screenplay , that is produced to convince the viewer of a certain political point or influence the opinions or behavior of people , often by providing deliberately misleading , propagandistic content
Propaganda Films , a music video company
Other uses
Sacra congregatio de propaganda fide , a former Latin name of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples
Propaganda ( desktop backgrounds ) , a collection of free desktop backgrounds
Propaganda Games , a former game development company based in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada
Kuptsov ( , from купец meaning merchant ) is a Russian masculine surname , its feminine counterpart is Kuptsova . It may refer to
Andriy Kuptsov ( born 1971 ) , Ukrainian football player
Artyom Kuptsov ( born 1984 ) , Russian pole vaulter
Marina Kuptsova ( born 1981 ) , Russian high jumper
Pavel Kuptsov ( born 1998 ) , Belarusian football player
Vasily Kuptsov ( 1899–1935 ) , Russian painter
Russian-language surnames
Galan ( , also Romanized as Galān ; also known as Galūn ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 332 , in 81 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Igatpuri Assembly constituency is one of the 288 Vidhan Sabha in Indian state of Maharashtra . Vidhan Sabha ( ) or the legislative assembly , is the lower house ( in states with bicameral ) or the sole house ( in unicameral states ) of the provincial ( state ) legislature in the different states of India .
Members of assembly
1982 : Satish kashinathseth Sharma
2004 : Kashinath Mengal , Shiv Sena
2009 : Nirmala Manikrao Gavit , Congress
2014 : Nirmala Manikrao Gavit , congress
2019 : Hiraman Bhika Khoskar , congress
References
Assembly constituencies of Nashik district
Assembly constituencies of Maharashtra
The varzea schiffornis ( Schiffornis major ) , also called várzea mourner or greater schiffornis , is a species of bird in the family Tityridae . It has traditionally been placed in the manakin family , but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae , where now placed by SACC .
It is found in most western regions of the Amazon Basin , and Amazonian Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru ; also regions of Venezuela . It mainly occurs in várzea .
References
External links
Greater schiffornis photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
varzea schiffornis
Birds of the Amazon Basin
varzea schiffornis
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
There is also a fjord named `` Kobbefjord '' southeast of Nuuk , ( Greenland ) .
Kobbefjorden ( English : Seal Fjord ) is a small fjord on the west coast of Danes Island , on the northwestern coast of Spitsbergen , the largest island of the Svalbard archipelago . The fjord is about two miles ( 3.5 km ) long and 1-1.2 miles ( 1.5–2 km ) wide . It offers one of the best anchorages on Spitsbergen 's northwest coast , `` being sheltered from most winds and ice-free for much of the year . '' At the head of the fjord is a valley , Kobbefjorddalen ( `` Seal Fjord Valley '' ) , which leads to the east coast of Danes Island . Kobbefjorden 's southwesternmost point is Luftskipodden ( `` Airship Point '' ) . Sir Martin Conway , on their visit to Spitsbergen in 1896-97 , described the fjord as having `` ice-smoothed hills of [ the ] the hardest rock . ''
History
Kobbefjorden is merely a translation of the Dutch term for the fjord , Robbe Baai ( `` Seal Bay '' ) , which appeared on Dutch maps from Michiel Hsz . Middelhoven 's ( 1634 ) to that of Cornelis Giles and Outger Rep ( c. 1710 ) . The latter men added the alternative name Danes Bay , which Cornelis Gisbert Zorgdrager ( 1720 ) and William Scoresby ( 1820 ) copied . The Danes established a whaling station here in 1631 , which was used until 1658 . They called it Københavns Bay . The French , who called the bay Port St. Pierre , also attempted to use the bay as a base for whaling in 1632 and 1633 , but were driven away by the Dutch . French and Dutch whaleships were held captive here by Danish warships in 1637 and 1638 .
Later a post office was established by whalers on a small , low island at the entrance of the fjord , called Postholmen ( `` Post Office Island '' ) .
Adolf Erik Nordenskiöld , during some of their voyages to Spitsbergen , used Kobbefjorden as a port of refuge . In late May 1861 one of their expeditions spent several days anchored in the fjord , before attempting a passage north of Spitsbergen . In early September one of the expedition 's vessels returned to the fjord on the heals of a coming storm . During their earlier visit they had found a fresh-water lake covered with six feet of ice ; it was now free of ice . The ship anchored here for several days , waiting for the storm to abate .
In 1868 , Nordenskiöld had planned to wait at Kobbefjorden `` for a favourable opportunity in the end of September or during October for sailing northwards '' of Spitsbergen . On August 23 , their ship , the Sofia , left a number of naturalists ashore within the fjord , before sailing north to review the state of the pack-ice . The Sofia returned to the fjord several days later , `` where a violent snowstorm had almost put a stop to the work of the party that was left behind , but did not prevent a series of magnetic observations from being taken and some hitherto unknown insects [ being ] discovered . '' The Sofia left Kobbefjorden on August 31 . They returned to the fjord on September 29 , where they took `` on board the remainder of the coal lying there '' . The ship left on October 1 , again attempting to sail further north of Spitsbergen .
Footnotes
References
Norwegian Polar Institute Place Names of Svalbard Database
Fjords of Svalbard
Former populated places in Svalbard
Whaling in Denmark
Danskøya
Landforms of Spitsbergen
FNU can refer to :
Fiji National University
Florida National University , in Hialeah , Florida , United States
Frontier Nursing University , in Hyden , Kentucky , United States
Fujian Normal University , in China
Oristano-Fenosu Airport , in Sardinia , Italy
First Name Unknown , a placeholder name for an unknown first name .
Svyatonossky Gulf ( , Svyatonossky zaliv ) is a body of water off the northeastern coast of the Kola Peninsula , Murmansk Oblast , Russia . Bukhtovka River flows to the gulf . Cape Svyatoy Nos separates the gulf from the Barents Sea .
Gulfs of Russia
Gulfs of the Arctic Ocean
Bays of Murmansk Oblast
Bactrosaurus ( ; meaning `` Club lizard , '' `` baktron '' = club + sauros = lizard ) is a genus of herbivorous hadrosauroid dinosaur that lived in Asia during the Late Cretaceous , about 96-85 million years ago . The position Bactrosaurus occupies in the Cretaceous makes it one of the earliest known hadrosauroids , and although it is not known from a full skeleton , Bactrosaurus is one of the best known of these early hadrosauroids , making its discovery a significant finding .
Discovery
The first Bactrosaurus remains recovered from the Iren Dabasu Formation in the Gobi Desert of China were composed of partial skeletons of six individual B. johnsoni . The specimens collected appear to come from a variety of age groups , from individuals that may be hatchlings to full-sized adults . The fossils were described in 1933 by Charles W. Gilmore , who named the new animal Bactrosaurus , or `` club lizard '' , in reference to the large club-shaped neural spines projecting from some of the vertebrae . The Iren Dabasu Formation has been dated to the Cenomanian stage , around 95.8 ± 6.2 million years ago .
No complete remains have yet to be uncovered , but Bactrosaurus is still better known than most of the early hadrosaurs . Known parts of the anatomy of Bactrosaurus include the limbs , pelvis , and most of the skull ( although the crest is notably absent ) .
`` Bakesaurus '' is an informal name based on a maxilla from the Majiacun Formation of China assigned to Bactrosaurus in 2001 . The nomen nudum was created and pictured in a Chinese-language book by Zhou ( 2005 ) and first surfaced on the Internet during February 2006 when it was mentioned on the Dinosaur Mailing List by Jerry D. Harris .
Description
A typical Bactrosaurus would have been long and weighed . It was an early relative of Lambeosaurus and shows a number of iguanodont-like features , including three stacked teeth for each visible tooth , small maxillary teeth , and an unusually powerful build for a hadrosaur . It shows features intermediate between those of the two main hadrosaurid groups . Its femur measured long .
Bactrosaurus was originally thought to be a lambeosaurine hadrosaurid , supposedly the oldest and most primitive known , and its crestless head was seen as an anomaly . A 1990 popular book suggested that it had an incompletely preserved crest , but recent studies place Bactrosaurus as a more basal hadrosauromorph . Basal members do not preserve hollow crests , so Bactrosaurus itself is likely to be crestless .
Paleobiology
In 2003 , evidence of tumors , including hemangiomas , desmoplastic fibroma , metastatic cancer , and osteoblastoma was discovered in fossilized Bactrosaurus skeletons . Rothschild et al . tested dinosaur vertebrae for tumors using computerized tomography and fluoroscope screening . Several other hadrosaurids , including Brachylophosaurus , Gilmoreosaurus , and Edmontosaurus , also tested positive . Although more than 10,000 fossils were examined in this manner , the tumors were limited to Bactrosaurus and closely related genera . The tumors may have been caused by environmental factors or genetic propensity .
See also
Timeline of hadrosaur research
References
Hadrosaurs
Turonian life
Late Cretaceous dinosaurs of Asia
Fossils of Uzbekistan
Bissekty Formation
Fossil taxa described in 1933
Taxa named by Charles W. Gilmore
Ornithischian genera
The Tea tape scandal is an incident involving the New Zealand Prime Minister John Key and ACT Party candidate John Banks , during the New Zealand general election campaign in 2011 . Their meeting in an Auckland café on 11 November 2011 , two weeks before election day was seen as a symbolic endorsement of Banks as the National Party 's favoured candidate for the Epsom electorate . After publicly meeting for some time , media were asked to leave . A journalist , Bradley Ambrose , left their recording device behind , and subsequently gave the recording of the politicians ' conversation to the Herald on Sunday newspaper , which declined to publish it . The recording allegedly contained comments about the leadership of ACT and disparaging remarks about elderly New Zealand First supporters .
The politicians involved considered that their private conversation had been illegally recorded . John Key and the National Party said that it appeared that the Herald had deliberately recorded the conversation , and described it as `` News of the World-style tactics '' , however journalists argued that the recording was in the public interest and should therefore be released . Following a police complaint laid by John Key , search warrants were issued by police to media outlets to obtain all unreleased media involving the taping .
In March 2012 Ambrose wrote a letter to John Key and John Banks expressing regret that they had released the recording to the newspaper , and the police decided to issue a warning rather than prosecute .
The recording was leaked online on 26 January 2012 .
Background
In the New Zealand electoral system a party can be represented in Parliament if they achieve either 5 % of the party vote , or win an electorate seat on a first past the post basis . At the time that this meeting took place the ACT Party was polling poorly , so it was in the National Party 's interest that ACT ( as a traditional coalition partner with National ) win the Epsom seat . To have the Prime Minister ( a National Party Member of Parliament ) have tea with the ACT candidate was intended to endorse Mr Banks ' candidacy in the electorate .
The recording , made by freelance cameraman Bradley Ambrose at the Urban Cafe in the suburb of Newmarket , was given to the Herald on Sunday . 3 News also obtained copies of the recording . Neither organisation published the recording .
There is speculation that the two politicians were discussing issues related to ACT New Zealand 's leadership , and New Zealand First leader Winston Peters claims John Key insulted New Zealand First voters , by saying that they were `` dying off '' .
Ambrose maintains they inadvertently left the recording device on the table but was unable to retrieve it when media were ordered to leave the venue .
National Party campaign chairperson Steven Joyce said that the recording appeared to have been deliberately arranged by the Herald on Sunday , and described it as `` UK-style News of the World tabloid tactics '' .
The scandal became known as `` the teapot tapes '' , a term coined by the New Zealand Listener '' 's election live blog .
Labour leader Phil Goff called the recording a `` dodgy conversation between two people trying to manipulate a minor party '' . Referring to the ACT Party , they said , `` That party is supported by less than one percent , people do n't want them there . ''
Analysis
Mark Lewis , a lawyer representing victims of the News International phone hacking scandal defended the recording as `` good journalism '' and said it was `` in no way comparable to the News of the World scandal '' [ This view was shared by University of Canterbury journalism lecturer Jim Tully , who also stated they believed the contents of the conversation should be released in the public interest .
Key defended the decision to involve police , calling the issue `` the start of a slippery slope '' :
These comments were described as `` unfortunate and totally wrong '' by the Media Freedom Committee , which represents New Zealand media organisations . They said that the release of the recording in this case would not lead to much wider publication of private conversations .
The context in which this conversation was held ( as part of an election media conference , to which media were welcome ) makes some legal bloggers question whether this meeting could be considered private . Steven Price is so confident of this that their blog openly publishes a link to a leaked copy of the recording .
Police intervention
John Key laid a complaint about the incident with the New Zealand Police . The Police said that making the recording may have been an offence under the Crimes Act . They began contacting 3 News , Radio New Zealand , TVNZ and The Herald on Sunday requesting unpublished information be handed over . Media outlets were informed that police would seek a search warrant .
Ambrose applied for a High Court declaration that the recording was not private and could therefore be published , but the judge declined to rule , saying that it would not be appropriate to make such a declaration in advance of a police investigation .
In March 2012 the police announced that they had issued Ambrose with a warning but would not be prosecuting as there was not sufficient public interest in the matter going to court . They said that their opinion was that the conversation was private and that the recording was at least reckless and probably was intentional . Ambrose wrote a letter to John Banks and John Key saying that the recording was not intentional , and expressing regret that they had released the tape to the Herald on Sunday . The police said that this letter was a factor in the decision not to press charges . Ambrose 's lawyer said that they believed that no criminal offence had been committed , and that if the police had a strong case they would have proceeded .
Ambrose later asked for an apology from the Prime Minister , but it never came .
Aftermath
John Banks won the Epsom electorate vote for ACT with a margin of 2,261 over the National Party candidate . However , ACT gained only 1.07 percent of the party vote , meaning the party was only awarded one seat , filled by Banks .
Political experts including Joe Atkinson and Jon Johannson credit the Tea tape scandal for the re-entry of Winston Peters and their New Zealand First party into Parliament . New Zealand First was ousted at the 2008 general election because it failed to reach the 5 % party vote threshold .
The tape was leaked on 26 January 2012 . The leak forced Key to change their phone number , which was audible on the tape .
In September 2012 , the china used in the incident was put up for auction .
A Massey University study released in November 2012 suggested newspaper coverage was favourable towards National and John Key . In the month leading up to the election , the big four newspapers in New Zealand – The New Zealand Herald , the Herald on Sunday , The Dominion Post and The Sunday Star-Times '' – printed 72 percent more photos of Key than their opponent , Phil Goff , and devoted twice as many column inches of text coverage . This changed however , after the tea tape scandal , after which no positive images of Key were printed .
Defamation case
More than three years after the initial scandal , cameraman Bradley Ambrose sued John Key for $ 1.25M , claiming three separate acts of defamation in the days and week following the recording being made . Documents filed for Key 's defence stated that the comments were their true and honest opinion .
The defamation case was settled out of court in March 2016 . The settlement amount remains confidential . John Key now accepts that Ambrose did not act deliberately or otherwise behave improperly .
References
2011 scandals
2011 New Zealand general election
Political scandals in New Zealand
Union County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana . As of the 2020 United States census , the population was 7,087 . The county seat is Liberty .
Since 2018 , Union County has been included in the Cincinnati-Middletown , OH-KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area . It is located on the Indiana-Ohio border .
History
The future state of Indiana was first regulated by passage of the Northwest Ordinance in 1787 . In 1790 the Territory was divided into two counties , with Knox covering much of present-day Indiana . In 1810 , a portion of Knox was partitioned to create Wayne County ; in 1811 a portion further south was partitioned to create Franklin . The area between those two counties was partitioned in 1818 to create Fayette ; by the 1820s the eastern part of Fayette County was populated sufficiently to warrant separate representation . Thus on 5 January 1821 the state legislature authorized the creation of Union County , with areas ceded from Wayne County , Fayette County and Franklin County . The organization of the new county 's governing structure began on 1 February 1821 .
It was so named because it united parts of Fayette , Franklin and Wayne counties . The first settlers were from Laurens District , South Carolina . John Templeton was the first settler to enter land at the Cincinnati land office in what would become Harmony Township , Union County Indiana . The first county seat was Brownsville , a small community on the East Fork of the Whitewater River . The seat was moved in 1824 to Liberty , a central location . The primary industry of Union County was and is farming .
Geography
Union County lies on the east side of Indiana ; its east border abuts the state of Ohio . Its low rolling hills have now been cleared of timber , although drainage areas are still largely brush-filled . The area is devoted to agricultural or recreational uses . The highest point on the terrain ( 1140 feet/347 meters ASL ) is a rise near the county 's north border , 1.0 mile ( 1.6 km ) ENE from Witts Station .
Silver Creek flows southwestward through the northeastern part of the county , discharging into Whitewater Lake . The East Fork of Whitewater River flows southward through the upper western part of the county , discharging into Brookville Lake . The lower part of the county is drained by Dubois Creek , flowing westward into Brookville Lake .
According to the 2010 census , the county has a total area of , of which ( or 97.60 % ) is land and ( or 2.39 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Wayne County – north
Preble County , Ohio – east
Butler County , Ohio – southeast
Franklin County – south
Fayette County – west
Major highways
U.S. Route 27
Indiana State Road 44
Indiana State Road 101
Indiana State Road 227
Lakes
Brookville Lake ( part )
Whitewater Lake
Protected areas
Whitewater Memorial State Park
Quakertown State Recreation Area
Incorporated towns
Liberty ( county seat )
West College Corner
Unincorporated communities
Billingsville
Brownsville
Charlottesville
Clifton
Cottage Grove
Dunlapsville
Five Points
Goodwins Corner
Hopeville
Kitchel
Lotus
Philomath
Quakertown
Roseburg
Salem
Witts Station
Yankee Town
Townships
Brownsville
Center
Harmony
Harrison
Liberty
Union
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in Liberty have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in September 1951 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in September to in May .
Government
The county government is a constitutional body , and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana , and by the Indiana Code .
County Council : The legislative branch of the county government ; controls spending and revenue collection in the county . Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts . They set salaries , the annual budget , and special spending . The council has limited authority to impose local taxes , in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval , excise taxes , and service taxes .
Board of Commissioners : The executive body of the county . Commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms . One commissioner serves as president . The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council , collect revenue , and manage county government .
Court : The county maintains a circuit court that can handle all case types . The judge of the court is elected to a term of six years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association . In some cases , court decisions can be appealed to the state level appeals court .
County Officials : The county has other elected offices , including sheriff , coroner , auditor , treasurer , recorder , surveyor , and circuit court clerk . These officers are elected to four-year terms . People elected to county government positions are required to be residents of the county .
Demographics
2010 Census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 7,516 people , 2,938 households , and 2,117 families in the county . The population density was . There were 3,239 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.5 % white , 0.4 % black or African American , 0.3 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 0.3 % from other races , and 1.1 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.1 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 26.2 % were German , 16.0 % were Irish , 11.9 % were English , and 11.6 % were American .
Of the 2,938 households , 34.4 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.0 % were married couples living together , 11.7 % had a female householder with no husband present , 27.9 % were non-families , and 23.9 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.99 . The median age was 40.3 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 47,697 and the median income for a family was $ 49,815 . Males had a median income of $ 39,603 versus $ 27,394 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 19,243 . About 8.2 % of families and 11.9 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 21.2 % of those under age 18 and 10.0 % of those age 65 or over .
Education
Union County is served by the Union County–College Corner Joint School District , the only joint state school district in the state .
Notable people
Ambrose Everett Burnside ( 1824–1881 ) , soldier , railroad executive , inventor , industrialist , politician
Thomas W. Bennett ( territorial governor ) ( 1831–1893 ) , governor of Idaho Territory 1871–1875 ; born in Union County
Hiram Rhodes Revels ( 1827–1901 ) , first African-American member of the US Senate , representing Mississippi 1870–1871 ; attended the Union County Quaker Seminary .
Bill Bartlett ( fl . 1970s-2010s ) , musician , guitarist for Ram Jam
Jay Hall Connaway ( 1893–1970 ) , Realist painter
Mary Alice Smith ( 1850-_ ) , aka Little Orphant Annie
Bob Jenkins ( 1947–2021 ) , television and radio sports announcer for ESPN/ABC Sports
Edward E. Moore ( 1866–1940 ) , Indiana state senator and Los Angeles City Council member
Walter F. Bossert attorney , Grand Dragon of the Ku Klux Klan during the 1920s
Joaquin Miller American poet , author , and frontiersman
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Union County , Indiana
References
Indiana counties
1821 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1821
Putnowice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Squad
Out on loan
Transfers
Summer
In :
Out :
Winter
In :
Out :
Competitions
Copa Libertadores
Final stage
Final
Liga MX
Torneo Apertura
Results summary
Results
League table
Liguilla – Apertura
Torneo Clausura
Results summary
Results
League table
Liguilla – Clausura
Copa MX
Due to participating in the 2015–16 CONCACAF Champions League , Tigres UANL did not take part in the Copa MX
CONCACAF Champions League
Group stage
Knockout stage
Final
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Players away from Tigres UANL on loan :
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Players who appeared for Tigres UANL no longer at the club :
| }
Goal scorers
Disciplinary record
References
External links
Tigres UANL at Soccerway.com
Mexican football club seasons
Tigres UANL
Wilhelm Phillip Daniel Schulz ( 6 March 1805 – 1 August 1877 ) , also known as Guillermo Schulz , was a German mine engineer and geologist who spent most of their professional life in Spain . They were born in Dörnberg and died in Aranjuez .
Career
In 1826 Schulz went to Spain , and shortly was hired by the Spanish Government to enhance the mining industry in the country . In 1833 they were appointed Mining Inspector for Asturias and Galicia , and in 1844 General Mining Inspector for Asturias . It was in Asturias where , for many years , they carried out outstanding geological and industrial work which they made public in several books . In 1854 they moved to Madrid , where they taught in the Mining Engineering School and was vice-president of the Geological Institute .
1805 births
1877 deaths
People from Kassel ( district )
19th-century German geologists
{ { Taxobox
| name = Proasellus meridianus
| image =
| regnum = Animalia
| phylum = Arthropoda
| subphylum = Crustacea
| classis = Malacostraca
| ordo = Isopoda
| familia = Asellidae
| genus = Proasellus
| species = P. meridianus| binomial = Proasellus meridianus| binomial_authority = ( Emil Racoviță , 1919 )
} } Proasellus meridianus is a freshwater crustacean resembling a woodlouse . Its common names include one-spotted waterlouse and one-spotted water-slater ' .
EcologyProasellus meridianus is common throughout the British Isles but less frequently recorded than the very similar Asellus aquaticus from which it can be distinguished by the continuous pale band along the posterior margin of the head . Its range includes France and Belgium from which the type species was described .
Like A. aquaticus '' , it can be found in rivers , streams and standing water but is less commonly found in garden ponds . It is also much less tolerant to pollution .
References
Asellota
Freshwater crustaceans of Europe
Crustaceans described in 1919
The Dubarry ( ) is a 1951 German musical film directed by Georg Wildhagen and Reinhold Schünzel and starring Sari Barabas , Willy Fritsch and Albert Lieven . It is named after the operetta Die Dubarry , but uses the work only as a background .
The film 's sets were designed by Willi Herrmann and Heinrich Weidemann . It was made in Hamburg .
Cast
Sari Barabas as Jeanne Fabiani / Madame Dubarry
Willy Fritsch as Louis Valmont
Albert Lieven as Alfred Collien
Walter Müller as Cäsar Schnepf
Eva Ingeborg Scholz as Kitty Lenz
Inge Meysel as Charlotte Adrian , Pensionsinhaberin
Loni Heuser as Lola Violetta
Madelon Truß as Fifi , Fotomodell
Lorley Katz
Hubert von Meyerinck as Stranitzky , Schmierendirektor
Ernst Waldow as Erban , Theaterdirektor
Fritz Imhoff as Schaubitzer , Theateragent
Carl-Heinz Schroth as Scharlakan
Helmuth Rudolph as Dr. Steffens , Kritiker
Hans Heinz Bollmann as Orgass , Agent
Joachim Teege as Alphonse Meyer , Fotograf
Mathieu Ahlersmeyer as König
Alexander Hunzinger
Herbert Ernst Groh
References
Bibliography
Kurt Gänzl . The Encyclopedia of the Musical Theatre : A-Gi . Schirmer Books , 2001 .
External links
1951 films
1950s musical drama films
German musical drama films
West German films
1950s German-language films
Films directed by Georg Wildhagen
Films directed by Reinhold Schünzel
Films based on operettas
Films about singers
Cultural depictions of Madame du Barry
1951 drama films
German black-and-white films
1950s German films
Feather Mountain is a 1951 picture book written and illustrated by Elizabeth Olds . Birds without any feathers must journey to feather mountain in order to get the plumage . The book was a recipient of a 1952 Caldecott Honor for its illustrations .
References
1951 children 's books
American picture books
Caldecott Honor-winning works
Sharon Brown may refer to :
Sharon Brown ( Miss USA ) ( born 1943 ) , Miss USA 1961
Sharon Brown ( singer ) , American singer-songwriter and musician
Sharon Brown ( writer ) ( born 1946 ) , Canadian author
Sharon Brown ( actor ) ( born 1962 ) , American actor of stage , film and television
Sharon Brown , dam ( mother ) of thoroughbred racehorse Holy Bull
Sharon Brown ( politician ) ( born 1962 ) , member of the Washington Senate
Mong Nai Township is a township of Langkho District in the Shan State of Myanmar . The main town is Mong Nai . It is an ancient city . The primary agricultural products of the area are rice and sugar .
References
Townships of Shan State
Tereza Szewieczková ( born 4 May 1998 ) is a Czech football striker , currently playing for Slavia Praha in the Czech First Division . Szewieczková was voted talent of the year at the 2014 Czech Women 's Footballer of the Year .
They are an Under 19 international .
International goals
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Czech women 's footballers
People from Havířov
Women 's association football forwards
AC Sparta Praha ( women ) players
SK Slavia Praha ( women ) players
Czech Republic women 's international footballers
Czech people of Polish descent
Czech Women 's First League players
Sportspeople from the Moravian-Silesian Region
The 2017 Super Coppa Sammarinese was played on 20 September 2017 , at Campo di Fiorentino in Fiorentino , San Marino .
This was the 6th Super Coppa Sammarinese and was played by Tre Penne , winners of the 2016–17 Coppa Titano , and La Fiorita , winners of the 2016–17 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio . Tre Penne won 4–0 to win their third Super Coppa Sammarinese .
Route to the final
Tre Penne qualified by winning the 2016–17 Coppa Titano and La Fiorita qualified by winning the 2016–17 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio .
Details
References
2017
2017–18 in San Marino football
Where 's George ? is a website that tracks the natural geographic circulation of American paper money . Its popularity has led to the establishment of a number of other currency tracking websites and sites that track other objects , such as used books . Statistics generated by the website have been used in at least one research paper to study patterns of human travel in the United States .
Overview
The site was established in December 1998 by Hank Eskin , a database consultant in Brookline , Massachusetts . Where 's George ? refers to George Washington , whose portrait appears on the $ 1 bill . In addition to the $ 1 bill , $ 2 , $ 5 , $ 10 , $ 20 , $ 50 , and $ 100 denominations can be tracked . The $ 1 bill is by far the most popular denomination , accounting for over 70 % of bills with `` hits '' ( explained below ) , followed by $ 20 bills , and the $ 5 bill a close third .
As of August 2022 , the site says more than 310,000,000 bills , with a total face value of more than $ 1.668 billion , have been entered into the site 's database ; the daily influx of bills was noted in August 2022 as about 16,000 new bills a day . To track a bill , users enter their local ZIP code , the serial number of the bill , and series designation of any US currency denomination . Users outside the US also can participate by using an extensive database of unique codes assigned to non-American/Canadian locations . Once a bill is registered , the site reports the time between sightings , the distance between sightings , and any comments from the finders ( called `` user notes '' ) . The site does not track bills older than series 1963 .
Where 's George ? is supported by advertising , sales of memorabilia , and by users who pay a fee for extra features . The `` Friends of Where 's George ? '' ( FOG ) program allows these users to access the website free of advertisements , access certain features others can not , and refresh reports on the user 's entered bills . The standard FOG costs $ 8/month , while FOG+ costs $ 13/month . Eskin states that the `` Friends of Where 's George ? '' program will always be optional and payment to use the site will always be at the individual 's option .
Hits
A `` hit '' occurs when a registered bill is re-entered into the database after its initial entry . Where 's George ? does not have specific goals other than tracking currency movements , but many users like to collect interesting patterns of hits , called `` bingos '' . One of the most commonly sought after bingos involves getting at least one hit in all 50 states ( called `` 50 State Bingo '' ) . Another common bingo , called `` FRB Bingo '' , occurs when a user gets hits on bills from all 12 Federal Reserve Banks .
Most bills do not receive any responses , or hits , but many bills receive two or more hits . As of November 2020 , the site recorded about 5,000 entries for found bills daily . The approximate hit rate is around 11.4 % . Double- and triple-hitters are common , and bills with 4 or 5 hits are not unheard of . Almost daily , a bill receives its 6th hit . , the site record is held by a $ 1 bill with 18 entries .
To increase the chance of having a bill reported , users ( called `` Georgers '' ) may write or stamp text on the bills encouraging bill finders to visit www.wheresgeorge.com and track the bill 's travels . Bills that are entered into the database , but not marked , are known as `` naturals '' , `` stealths '' , or `` ghosts '' . If a bill entry violates the established rules of `` natural circulation '' ( e.g . a user has found the same bill twice , a user has had more than 20 bills wind up with another user , etc . ) , it is flagged as an `` alternate entry '' . If a user claims a `` wild '' ( A bill found in circulation that has been marked or stamped with wheresgeorge.com as having already been entered on the site . ) , they or they are the submitters ' `` child '' .
Controversy
The site does not encourage the defacement of US currency . In October 1999 , when interviewed for The New York Times , Eskin commented on why the Secret Service has not bothered the webmaster over possible defacement of US currency : `` They 've got better things to do . They want to catch counterfeiters counterfeiting billions of dollars . ''
In April 2000 , the site was investigated by the United States Secret Service , which informed Eskin that the selling of `` Where 's George ? '' rubber stamps on the web site is considered `` advertising '' on United States currency , which is illegal under . The site 's administrators immediately ceased selling the rubber stamps ; no further action against the site was taken . At least one spokesperson for the US Secret Service has pointed out in print that marking US bills , even if not defacement , can still be illegal if it falls under `` advertisement '' . However , a Secret Service spokesperson in Seattle , Washington , told The Seattle Times in 2004 : `` Quite frankly , we would n't spend too much looking into this . ''
Where 's George ? and geocaching
The Where 's George ? site says it `` prohibits trading or exchanging bills with friends , family or anyone known to the bill distributor for the purpose of re-entry '' . This rule is to encourage natural circulation of the currency , and to prevent multiple fake hits from happening on any bill . As a result , all bill entry notes containing the word `` geocache '' or `` cache '' are tagged as a geocache bill . The site has also dropped a separate listing of `` Top 10 Geocache bills '' and is cautioning that , if geocache sites are used too often , `` all Geocache bills will be removed from this site '' .
George Score
The `` George Score '' is a method of rating users based on how many bills they have entered , and by how many total hits they have had . The formula is as follows :
This logarithmic formula means the more bills a user enters and the more hits the user receives , the less the user 's score increases for each entered bill or new hit . Thus , a user 's score does not increase as quickly when the user has entered many bills . User ranking can decrease based on inactivity ( failure to refresh the `` Your Bills '' report ) . Wattsburg Gary , the user with the most bills entered ( over 2 million entries per the Wheresgeorge database ) has an official George Score of over 1,700 when refreshed , and often holds the # 1 rank . While bulk entry is allowed , the site prohibits marking bills and depositing them into financial institutions .
Community
Where 's George ? includes a community of users who interact via forums . The forums divide into several categories , from regional to new-member-help threads . Some members of the site participate in `` gatherings , '' held in cities around the United States . Several gatherings have become annual events , varying in scope and size .
The 2006 documentary by Brian Galbreath , WheresGeorge.com , gives insight into the hobby , hobbyists , and their gatherings . The twenty-seven minute movie features interviews with site creator Hank Eskin , `` Georgers '' at a St. Louis , Missouri gathering , and narrated information and statistics about the site and culture . The film aired on PBS affiliates WTTW Chicago and WSIU-TV Carbondale , IL .
Use in research
Although Where 's George ? does not officially recognize the bills that travel the farthest or fastest , some have approached it as a semi-serious way to track patterns in the flow of American currency .
Money flow displayed through Where 's George was used in a 2006 research paper published by theoretical physicist Dirk Brockmann and their coworkers . The paper described statistical laws of human travel in the United States , and developed a mathematical model of the spread of infectious disease resulting from such travel . The article was published in the January 26 , 2006 , issue of the journal Nature . Researchers found that 57 % of the nearly half a million dollar bills studied traveled between over approximately nine months in the United States . A short clip of a Brockmann 's presentation on the subject from the IdeaFestival has been posted on YouTube . More recently , `` Where 's George ? '' data have been used to attempt to predict the rapidity and pattern of projected spread of the 2009 swine flu pandemic .
See also
BookCrossing -- Service to track used book circulation
Currency bill tracking
EuroBillTracker
The Money Tracker – the site 's Australian counterpart
Twenty Bucks – 1993 film about the fictional travels of a $ 20 bill
Where 's Willy ? – the site 's Canadian counterpart
References
External links
Directory of Where 's George related pages – a wealth of information regarding Where 's George
WG ? Virtual Museum – a collection of marked bill images .
WG ? Videos on YouTube – Videos relating to Where 's George by Brian Galbreath .
The Dollar Project ( 1986–1988 ) – an earlier art project involving tracking stamped bills .
Internet object tracking
Internet properties established in 1998
Numismatics
Paper money of the United States
Francesco Castelluccio ( born April 12 , 1955 ) is an American sculptor . They studied anatomy at the Art Students League of New York and the School of Visual Arts , both in New York City .
Life and career
Castelluccio was born to Italian-immigrant parents on April 12 , 1955 , in Newark , New Jersey . They own Franco Fine Art Studio in Winter Springs , Florida .
In 2021 , Castelluccio completed a bust of Martin Luther King Jr. to mark the opening of the Plant Riverside District in Savannah , Georgia . The work was commissioned by hotelier Richard C. Kessler , at a cost of around $ 110,000 . The bust was approved by King 's family , and it was unveiled by their sister-in-law Dr. Naomi King .
Selected works
The Double Helix-Mutation of Increased Compassion
9/11 Pieta
Martin Luther King Jr. bust ( Savannah , Georgia )
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Artists from Newark , New Jersey
American male sculptors
20th-century American male artists
21st-century American male artists
Art Students League of New York alumni
School of Visual Arts alumni
Sculptors from New Jersey
A general election was held in the U.S. state of Wyoming on Tuesday , November 3 , 1970 . All of the state 's executive officers—the Governor , Secretary of State , Auditor , Treasurer , and Superintendent of Public Instruction—were up for election . Continuing their success from 1962 and 1966 , Republicans won all of the statewide executive offices once again , and all of them by large margins .
Governor
Incumbent Republican Governor Stanley Hathaway ran for re-election to a second term . They were opposed by State Representative John J. Rooney , the Democratic nominee . Hathaway defeated Rooney in a landslide .
Secretary of State
Incumbent Republican Secretary of State Thyra Thomson ran for re-election to a third term . After facing marginal opposition in the Republican primary , Thomson faced former State Representative Howard L. Burke , the Democratic nominee , in the general election . Continuing their streak of winning large majorities , Thomson defeated Burke in a landslide to win re-election .
Democratic primary
Candidates
Howard L. Burke , former State Representative from Laramie County , 1966 Democratic candidate for Governor
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Thyra Thomson , incumbent Secretary of State
Bob Craver
Results
General election
Results
Auditor
Incumbent Republican State Auditor Everett T. Copenhaver ran for re-election to a second consecutive term , their fourth term as State Auditor overall . The Democratic Party did not embark on a major recruitment effort for the race , and the primary election boiled down to Mike Vinich , who served as the executive director of the state employment security commission , rancher David Laird , and business person Frank Woodhouse . The primary election was close , with Vinich holding a several-hundred vote lead over Laird as the votes were tallied . However , Laird declined to seek a recount and conceded to Vinich , who advanced to the general election against Copenhaver . The general election was much less close , and Copenhaver handily defeated Vinich to win re-election .
Democratic primary
Candidates
Mike Vinich , former Executive Director of the Wyoming Employment Security Commission
David G. Laird , Worland rancher
Frank Woodhouse , Cheyenne business person
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Everett T. Copenhaver , incumbent State Auditor
Results
General election
Results
Treasurer
Incumbent Republican State Treasurer Minnie A. Mitchell was unable to seek re-election to a second consecutive term , creating an open seat . Newspaper publisher Jim Griffith won the Republican primary over Cheyenne Mayor Floyd Holland , and they proceeded to the general election , where they were opposed by Democratic nominee Bob Adams , a former State Representative who had repeatedly run as the Democratic nominee for Auditor or Treasurer for several decades . Griffith ultimately defeated Adams by a wide margin .
Democratic primary
Candidates
Bob Adams , former State Representative , former State Representative from Laramie County , 1966 Democratic nominee for Treasurer , 1962 Democratic nominee for Treasurer , 1958 Democratic nominee for State Auditor , 1954 Democratic nominee for State Auditor
Elizabeth Phelan , State Representative from Laramie County
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Jim Griffith , publisher of the Lusk Herald
Floyd Holland , Mayor of Cheyenne
Results
General election
Results
Superintendent of Public Instruction
Incumbent Republican Superintendent of Public Instruction Harry Roberts declined to seek a second term , instead opting to run forCongress rather than seek re-election . Robert G. Schrader , the superintendent of schools in the city of Cody , won a crowded Republican primary to succeed Roberts . They faced Democratic nominee Patrick J. Moran , the Superintendent of the Johnson County School District No . 1 , in the general election . Schrader defeated Moran by a wide margin , significantly improving from Roberts 's 1966 .
Democratic primary
Candidates
Patrick J. Moran , Superintendent of the Johnson County School District No . 1
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Robert G. Schrader , Superintendent of Cody Schools
Jim Durkee , University of Wyoming vocational education professor
Richard Langdon , Superintendent of Goshen Hole schools
Ned N. Tranal , Sheridan psychologist
Results
General election
Results
References
Wyoming
The 2021 NCAA Division I baseball season play of college baseball in the United States organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) at the Division I level , began on February 19 , 2021 . The season progressed through the regular season , many conference tournaments and championship series , and concluded with the 2021 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament and 2021 College World Series . The College World Series , consisting of the eight remaining teams in the NCAA Tournament and held annually in Omaha , Nebraska at TD Ameritrade Park Omaha , ended on June 30 , 2021 . The Mississippi State Bulldogs won the tournament , and were consequently named national champions .
Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic , the start of the season was delayed one week , and some teams opted out of playing at all for the 2021 season . The Ivy League announced on February 18 that no conference competitions would take place , to include conference championships .
Realignment
For 2021 season
Four schools began transitions from NCAA Division II to Division I on July 1 , 2020 .
Bellarmine , already a D-I member in men 's lacrosse , joined D-I for all other sports as a new member of the ASUN Conference .
Dixie State and Tarleton State joined the Western Athletic Conference ( WAC ) .
UC San Diego , already a de facto D-I member in men 's volleyball and women 's water polo ( which do not have D-II championship events ) as an associate member of the Big West Conference , moved the rest of its athletic program to the Big West .
Boise State dropped baseball when the season was canceled after the COVID-19 pandemic was declared leading to baseball 's second elimination because the athletic department 's budget was reduced by $ 3 million .
Chicago State dropped baseball in June 2020 , effective immediately .
Furman announced in May 2020 that the Paladins baseball team would be terminated due to budget concerns during the COVID-19 pandemic .
La Salle and North Carolina Central dropped baseball after this season .
NJIT moved from the ASUN to the America East Conference .
Cal State Bakersfield moved from the WAC to the Big West .
Future moves
The following schools changed conferences effective with the 2022 season :
Five schools left the Southland Conference . Abilene Christian , Lamar , Sam Houston , and Stephen F. Austin joined the WAC , and Central Arkansas joined the ASUN .
The Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference lost three members . Bethune–Cookman and Florida A & M joined the Southwestern Athletic Conference , and North Carolina A & T joined the Big South Conference .
The Ohio Valley Conference lost Eastern Kentucky and Jacksonville State to the ASUN .
Northern Colorado , a WAC baseball associate through the 2021 season , left for single-sport membership in the Summit League .
St. Thomas , formerly of NCAA Division III 's Minnesota Intercollegiate Athletic Conference , also joined the Summit League after successfully obtaining an NCAA waiver for a direct transition to D-I .
Ballpark changes
The 2021 season was the first for UConn at Elliot Ballpark , replacing J. O. Christian Field .
Oklahoma State began play in O'Brate Stadium , replacing Allie P. Reynolds Stadium .
Florida began play in Florida Ballpark , replacing Alfred A. McKethan Stadium .
Omaha began play in Tal Anderson Field , replacing J. J. Isaacson Field at Seymour Smith Park .
Season outlook
Conference standings
Conference winners and tournaments
Of the 32 Division I all-sports athletic conferences , 31 sponsor baseball , with the Big Sky Conference the only exception . All but one of these conferences played in the 2021 season ; the Ivy League opted out of the season due to COVID-19 concerns . Several conferences canceled or modified their conference tournaments for 2021 , with the Big Ten , Mid-American , Mountain West and West Coast joining the Big West and Pac-12 in forgoing a tournament to end the regular season . For those conferences holding a tournament , the teams in each conference that won their regular season title were given the top seeds in each tournament . The winners of these tournaments received automatic invitations to the 2021 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament . Conferences that do not hold a tournament award their automatic bids to the regular-season champion .
Coaching changes
This table lists programs that changed head coaches at any point from the first day of the 2021 season until the day before the first day of the 2022 season .
References
The Directorate of Advertising and Visual Publicity ( DAVP ) is the nodal agency of the Government of India for advertising by various Ministries and organisations of Government of India , including public sector undertakings and autonomous bodies . At the time of the Second World War , the Government of India asked the leading advertisement agencies to form a consortium and set up a publicity unit in Shimla to handle war propaganda , tackle rumour mongering , put out messages about black-outs and handle recruitment to the armed forces . When the war ended , this consortium was converted into its present form . It was established in 1955 and has its headquarters in Delhi and regional offices in Bangalore and Guwahati . Its work is further facilitated by two regional distribution centres at Kolkata and Chennai . The Directorate includes 4 Campaign wings , an Advertising wing for print , Audio-Visual ( AV ) wing , New Media & Personal Media wing , Exhibition wing , Mass mailing wing , Outdoor publicity wing , research wing , distribution wing and language wing in addition to an audio visual publicity cell .
Director/DG/PDG
* Sh L R Nair 01.1o1955 to 14.05.1963
* Sh M L Bhardwaj
* Sh B Mukhopadhyay
* Brig.R Shreenivasan
* SH H J D Penha
* Sh K K Nair
* Sh P R Chona
* Sh N Sethi
* Sh R Raina
* Sh B C Bhatt
* ShP B Bharthakur
* Sh G Venkatraman
* Ms Shahla Haider
* Sh S Narendra
External links
Advertising agencies of India
Government agencies of India
Ministry of Information and Broadcasting ( India )
1955 establishments in India
Government agencies established in 1955
Miss World Spain 2014 was the 2nd edition of the Miss World Spain pageant , held on September 13 , 2014 . The winner was Lourdes Rodríguez of Castilla-La Mancha and they represented Spain in Miss World 2014 .
Final results
Special Awards
Official delegates
Notes
Returns
Last competed in 2011 :
Asturias
Barcelona
Cádiz
Cantabria
Jaén
Withdrawals
Catalonia
Granada
Did not compete
Almería
Araba
Ávila
Badajoz
Burgos
Cáceres
Castile and León
Ciudad Real
Cuenca
Ceuta
Gerona
Guadalajara
Guipúzcoa
Huesca
La Coruña
La Rioja
León
Lérida
Lugo
Navarre
Orense
Pontevedra
Salamanca
Soria
Tarragona
Teruel
Toledo
Valladolid
Vizcaya
Zamora
Zaragoza
References
External links
Miss Spain
2014 in Spain
2014 beauty pageants
Liberty 's Kitchen is a non-profit organization , located in the Mid-City New Orleans Neighborhood . Liberty 's Kitchen opened its doors in April 2009 after a grant from the W. K. Kellogg Foundation . This nonprofit cafe doubles as a training program for teens and young adults who want to change the course of their lives . Liberty 's Kitchen provides their students with marketable job skills and experience , and allows them to learn the culinary techniques behind cooking from scratch .
History
Liberty 's Kitchen began operations in April 2009 as a social entrepreneurship supporting its sustainability with teaching-focused businesses . Liberty 's Kitchen took its first trainees in the Youth Development Program in July 2009 and have since graduated and placed several young people into employment or higher education . Since launching the training program , over 400 participant applications have been submitted .
Liberty 's Kitchen expanded in 2014 with its move to the ReFresh Project at 300 North Broad Street . With a new 10,000 square foot facility in the ReFresh Project , Liberty 's Kitchen is poised to significantly scale its efforts to improve the lives of vulnerable New Orleans youth . The ReFresh expansion offers both the internal capacity and the community collaborations to dramatically increase the number of youth empowered to create healthy futures .
In 2015 , Liberty 's Kitchen re-opened the Green Dot Cafe within the Rosa F. Keller Library and Community Center offering paninis , smoothies , coffee , and assorted snacks .
Mission
Liberty 's Kitchen seeks young people who demonstrate positive traits , such as leadership or willingness to change , that could help them progress in the Youth Development Program . The objective is to graduate students with a sense of purpose and confidence and the skills and tools to succeed in gainful employment by providing a path to self-sufficiency through food service-based training , leadership , education , and life skills programs .
Accomplishments
Liberty 's Kitchen has received donations and support from some of the nation 's largest foundations – the W.K . Kellogg Foundation , Baptist Community Ministries , the Emeril Lagasse Foundation , and the Goldring Foundation .
New Orleans College Prep
In August 2010 , Liberty 's Kitchen initiated the Healthy School Lunch Program providing freshly prepared nutritious meals to New Orleans ' public schoolchildren on a daily basis . Liberty 's Kitchen won the bid and contract for Food Service Management at New Orleans College Prep Charter School to serve over 600 students breakfast , lunch and snack daily .
Partners
Liberty 's Kitchen has partnered with many organizations in the New Orleans area , including :
Tulane University School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine
New Orleans Providing Literacy to All Youth ( NOPLAY )
New Orleans Metropolitan Human Services District .
New Orleans Covenant House
Ochsner Medical Center Endocrinology Department ( Alan Burshell ) , New Orleans
References
External links
https : //www.wwno.org/post/learning-through-lunch-libertys-kitchen
https : //web.archive.org/web/20120323121220/http : //mylifecity.com/news/detail/31/The-GREENtrepreneur-Libertys-Kitchen
https : //web.archive.org/web/20111114150153/http : //www.mdrtfoundation.org/news/liberty-kitchen/
https : //web.archive.org/web/20120405193758/http : //www.wdsu.com/news/24831181/detail.html
https : //web.archive.org/web/20111003221400/http : //www.fox8live.com/news/local/story/New-Orleans-College-Prep-and-Libertys-Kitchen/2zOfu4AzLUSzGT1od5nfSA.cspx
Philanthropic organizations based in the United States
Angola was an imitated version of Indian shawl made with local wool options in England .
Etymology
Angola was a derived word of `` Angora . '' a very soft Angora wool .
Angola
Angola was attempted in Norwich , Lyons , and Edinburgh and Paisley . However , local manufacturers made it on machines such as drawlooms and Jacquard looms , unlike India , where a labor extensive handweaving tapestry technique was used to produce the material . The original Kashmiri shawls in India were woven in pieces and then joined together . Missing fundamentals of the craftsmanship , the imitations made of Angola were short-lived .
Angola shirting
Angola shirting , a twill weave structure , was a blend of cotton and wool fabric for shirts .
See also
Kashmir shawl
References
Woven fabrics
Shawls and wraps
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Sambreville . This list is part of Belgium 's national heritage .
| }
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur ( province )
Sambreville
References
Belgian heritage register : Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire , Logement , Patrimoine et Energie ( DG4 )
www.dglive.be
Sambreville
Sambreville
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1602 .
Events
February 2 – The Lord Chamberlain 's Men perform Twelfth Night at the Middle Temple in London .
May – Henry Wotton returns to Florence having disclosed a plot to murder King James VI of Scotland .
May 4 – Richard Hakluyt is installed as prebendary of Westminster Abbey .
November 8 – The Bodleian Library at the University of Oxford opens to scholars .
November 22 – Samuel Rowley and William Bird ( e ) ( or Borne ) are paid by the Admiral 's Men for additions to Christopher Marlowe 's play Doctor Faustus .
New books
Prose
Tommaso Campanella – The City of the Sun ( a philosophical work , one of the most important utopias )
Thomas Campion – Observations in the Art of English Poetry
Richard Carew – A Survey of Cornwall
Cipriano de Valera ( rev . ) – 'Reina-Valera ' ( Spanish translation of the Bible )
Sir Hugh Plat – Delightes for Ladies ( book of recipes and household hints )
Drama
Anonymous – A Larum for London , or The Siedge of Antwerpe with the actes and valorous deeds of the lame soldier published
Henry Chettle – Hoffmann
John Davies of Hereford – Mirum in Modum
Thomas Dekker ( with Thomas Middleton ? ) – Blurt , Master Constable , or The Spaniards Night-Walke published
Ben Jonson – The Poetaster published
Sir David Lyndsay ( died c. 1555 ) – Humanity and Sensuality and A Satire of the Three Estates published
John Marston – Antonio and Mellida published
William Shakespeare – Hamlet performed ( the latest date ) , The Merry Wives of Windsor published , Troilus and Cressida probable completion date
`` W.S . '' – Thomas Lord Cromwell published
Poetry
Giambattista Marino – Le Rime
Cristóbal de Virués – El Monserrate segundo
Births
March 29 – John Lightfoot , English theologian ( died 1675 )
April 30 – Robert Baillie , Scottish divine and historian ( died 1662 )
May 2 – Athanasius Kircher , German scholar ( died 1680 )
May 10 – Samuel Newman , American Biblical commentator ( died 1663 )
October or November – Dudley North , English poet , writer and politician ( died 1677 )
Unknown date – Juan Pérez de Montalbán , Spanish dramatist and poet ( died 1638 )
Approximate year – Owen Feltham , English essayist ( died 1668 )
Deaths
February 13 – Alexander Nowell , English theologian ( born c. 1507 )
September 14 – Jean Passerat , French poet and satirist ( born 1534 )
October 13 – Franciscus Junius ( the elder ) , Swiss theologian ( born 1545 )
October 30 – Jean-Jacques Boissard , French poet ( born 1528 )
Unknown date – Jean Pithou , French legal writer ( born 1534 )
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Desert Dream ( ) , also known as Hyazgar , is a 2006 drama film written and directed by Korean-Chinese filmmaker Zhang Lu . It is a co-production between Korea , Mongolia and France . The film opened the 2006 Asian Summer Film Festival in Barcelona . It won the top prize for Best Picture in the Asian and Arab section at the 2007 9th Osian 's Cinefan Festival of Asian and Arab Cinema in New Delhi , India , `` for the conviction with which Zhang Lu depicts the contemporary crisis of our time and found the right cinematic expression to tackle a theme of such great importance . ''
Plot
Farmer Hungai ( Bat-Ulzii ) is obsessed with tree-planting to stave off desertification at a small , drought threatened village on the Chinese-Mongolian border . After their wife left with their daughter to seek treatment at a hospital for their daughter 's illness , they drink in despair and anguish . Soon after , a North Korean refugee Choi Soon-hee ( Suh Jung ) and their son Chang-ho ( Shin Dong-ho ) seek refuge at their home . The three , depending on one another to overcome the hostile environment , get to know each other although they do n't speak the same language . Hungai 's relationship with Soon-hee soon grows on the fine line of love and friendship .
Cast
Suh Jung as Choi Soon-hee
Bat-Ulzii as Hungai
Shin Dong-ho as Chang-ho
Munkhjiin as Jorick
Enkhtuul as Oyona
Bayasgalan as Sarnai
References
External links
2006 films
2000s Korean-language films
2006 drama films
South Korean drama films
Films directed by Zhang Lu
2000s South Korean films
Muhammad Abd Al-Halim Abu-Ghazala ( ; 15 January 1930 – 6 July 2008 ) was Defense Minister of Egypt from 1981 to 1989 . Abu Ghazala was seated next to Anwar Sadat when the president was assassinated .
Early life and education
They were born in Zuhur Al Omara village , El Delengat , Beheira Governorate , on 15 January 1930 . Their family descended from `` Awlad Aly '' tribe . After completing their secondary education , they joined the Egyptian Royal Military Academy , then they received the battalion command diploma from Stalin Academy in the Soviet Union in 1949 . They also graduated from Nasser Academy for higher military education ( Cairo 1961 ) . On the civilian studies side , they received a bachelor 's degree from the faculty of commerce , Cairo University . Abu Ghazala received the diploma of honor from the National War College in the U.S. , thus being the first non-American to receive such an award .
Besides their native Arabic , Abu Ghazala was also fluent in English , French and Russian .
Career
They were the Second Army 's artillery commander during the October War of 1973 . After the war they were appointed commander of the Artillery Corps .
Between 1976 and 1979 , they served as their country 's military attaché to Washington , and it was during their sojourn there that they developed a close relationship with American officials and a reputation for being partial to the US There they were the first non-American military to receive a diploma of honor from the Command and General Staff College at Carlisle Barracks .
Upon returning to Cairo in 1979 , Abu Ghazala was named director of military intelligence . They were appointed Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces on 15 May 1980 , and they were promoted two days later .
When the Minister of Defense and military production , Ahmad Badawi , died along with 12 senior officers in a helicopter crash on 2 March 1981 , Anwar Sadat appointed Abu Ghazala minister of defense and military production .
Shortly after Anwar Sadat was killed , they obtained the rank of Field Marshal in 1982 .
They were also involved with Gust Avrakotos and Charlie Wilson in supplying weapons to the Afghan mujahideen during the Soviet–Afghan War . The CIA bought the weapons and passed them through Pakistan 's ISI to the Afghan rebel groups . Items included .303 ammo for Lee–Enfield rifles , limpet mines , and urban terrorist devices like bicycle bombs . There were also a number of rockets that some believe was the Katyusha .
Condor-II and removal
The Vector is a cancelled tripartite program between Egypt , Argentina , and Iraq to develop a two-stage solid and liquid propellant missile with a range of . This missile was called Vector in Egypt , Condor-II in Argentina , and Badr-2000 in Iraq .
To do this , Abu Ghazala established an office within Egypt 's defense ministry called `` Ballistic Missile Egypt '' ( BME ) , Argentina , with assistance from MBB worked through a consortium of many European missile suppliers called `` Consen '' .
In 1989 , erstwhile Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak removed them from office after diplomatic pressure that they were involved in smuggling carbon-carbon and other technologies relevant to strap-down inertial systems , which could 've been used to protect the missile 's re-entry vehicle during descent , from the United States , henceforth violating U.S. export laws . Abdelkader Helmy , an Egyptian-American propulsion expert with U.S security clearance , agreed to procure the technologies for Egypt . Finally , On 14 June 1988 , approximately 430 pounds of carbon-carbon were shipped to an Ohio warehouse and readied for onward delivery to Baltimore . An Egyptian Air Force C-130 would depart Baltimore Washington International Airport on 24 June , 1988 , and the carbon-carbon was destined to be put on the flight . Altogether , Colonel Hussam Khairat ( a military attaché to Austria and a go-between who had liaison with Consen . ) , Helmy , their wife , and James Huffman ( Helmy 's procurement agent ) were detained . Helmy was charged with money laundering and conspiracy . An American court had ordered a wiretap of Helmy 's office a year earlier than evidence of their activities mounted .
Shortly after Mubarak 's visit to the United States in early April 1989 , for within days of their return to Cairo , Mubarak ousted Abu Ghazala from their post and appointed them to the position of personal advisor to the president .
2005 elections
In 2005 , Abu Ghazala was briefly rumored to be a presidential candidate for the powerful but illegal Muslim Brotherhood . They finally did not run , and the Muslim Brotherhood did not field a candidate in the first contested Egyptian presidential elections . The Muslim Brotherhood offered them to run as their presidential candidate , but they refused due to their different advocacies .
Field Marshal Abu Ghazala wrote their first book titled `` The Cannons Were Launched by Noon .. the Egyptian Artillery during the Ramadan War '' , in which they demonstrated the role of the Egyptian artillery corps during the October War and gleaned some information about their views and their military doctrine towards Israel .
Death
Abu Ghazala died on 6 September 2008 at El-Galla Military Hospital in Heliopolis , Cairo at the age of 78 , from throat cancer .
References
1930 births
2008 deaths
Field marshals of Egypt
Egyptian Muslims
Free Officers Movement ( Egypt )
Egyptian generals
Deaths from cancer in Egypt
Deaths from esophageal cancer
Defence Ministers of Egypt
People from Beheira Governorate
Egyptian people of the Yom Kippur War
Egyptian Military Academy alumni
Directors of the Military Intelligence and Reconnaissance ( Egypt )
Chiefs of the General Staff ( Egypt )
Gari-ye Bala ( , also Romanized as Garī-ye Bālā ; also known as Garī-ye ‘ Olyā ) is a village in Madvarat Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 77 , in 21 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Basildon University Hospital is an acute general hospital in Basildon , Essex . It is managed by the Mid and South Essex NHS Foundation Trust .
History
The hospital opened in 1973 . Facilities which it replaced included St. Andrew 's Hospital in Billericay which subsequently became a regional plastic surgery and rehabilitation unit . The Essex Cardiothoracic Centre , which was built at a cost of £60 million , was opened by Prime Minister Gordon Brown at Basildon University Hospital in July 2007 .
Performance
The Care Quality Commission rated Basildon University Hospital overall as good .
Basildon Hospital Radio
Basildon Hospital Radio provides radio services in the hospital .
References
External links
Inspection reports from the Care Quality Commission
Hospitals in Essex
NHS hospitals in England
Hospital radio stations
The Deutscher Bogensport-Verband ( DBSV ) , formerly the Deutscher Bogenschützen-Verband der DDR , is a nationwide sports association for archery in Germany . Until German reunification in 1990 , it was the state-operated governing body for the sport in East Germany and operated under the umbrella of the Deutscher Turn- und Sportbund . During its time as the state governing body for archery , the DBSV participated in the East German Olympic Committee and was a member organization of the World Archery Federation . Like the other handful of East German sports associations that survived reunification , the DBSV has since spread and opened constituent associations in the rest of the nation .
See also
German Shooting and Archery Federation
Deutscher Turn- und Sportbund
East Germany at the Olympics
Doping in East Germany
References
Sports governing bodies in Germany
Sports governing bodies in East Germany
Sports organizations established in 1959
1959 establishments in East Germany
Mind The Gap Films is an independent TV production company based in Ireland . Most of their work has been for Radio Telefís Éireann ( RTÉ ) or the Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) . Their work has also included projects related to tourism in Ireland , and a number of music videos .
Productions
music videos for artists such as : Boyzone , The Fat Lady Sings , The 4 of Us , Caught in the Act , An Emotional Fish , A House , Something Happens , and Leslie Dowdall
“ WB Yeats Poetry : 1910–1939 ” ( 1990 , for Warner Bros . )
“ Now That We Have Water ” ( 1992 , for RTÉ & Dept . of Foreign Affairs )
“ Changing Places ” ( 1993 , six-part series for UTV )
“ This is Finland ” ( 1994 , for YLE , The Travel Channel & Sell-thru )
“ Iffy Money ” ( 1994 , for RTÉ )
“ Out of sight , out of mind ” ( 1994 , for RTÉ )
“ We 're here , we 're queer , we 're Irish ” ( 1995 , for RTÉ )
“ Fintan ” ( 1995 , for RTÉ )
North of Naples South of Rome ( 1995 , six-part series for RTÉ , The Travel Channel and PBS )
“ Niall Tobin live at the National Concert Hall ” ( 1996 , for Sony Music )
“ Phil Coulter-The Live Experience ” ( 1998 , for K-tel and PBS )
The Write Stuff ( 1995 , two 13 episode seasons for ITV )
A Good Age ( 1998 , six-part series for RTÉ )
“ James Gandon - a life ” ( 1996 , for RTÉ & the OPW )
“ What About the Children ” ( 2000 , for RTÉ )
“ Alive Alive O ! ” ( 2000 , Co-produced with Loopline Films , for the Irish Film Board , Arts Council , and RTÉ )
“ The Love That Dare Not Speak Its Name ” ( 2001 , for RTÉ )
“ The Irish Tenors ” ( 1999 , for RTÉ and PBS )
“ The Irish Tenors Live from Belfast ” ( 2000 , for PBS America and Delta )
“ The Irish Tenors Live from Ellis Island ” ( 2001 , for American Public Television , RTÉ , Delta FM , Prudential , and Tourism Ireland )
“ The Impossible Dream - My Life And Times In Song - Ronan Tynan ” ( 2002 , for PBS & RTÉ )
“ Brian Kennedy Live in Belfast ” ( 2003 , for RTÉ , PBS , & BBCNI )
“ Last One Standing ” ( 2004 , for RTÉ )
“ Happy Birthday Oscar Wilde ” ( 2005 )
“ Everyone 's A Winner ” ( 2005 , for RTÉ )
Celebrity Jigs'n ' Reels ( 2006 )
“ Anne Madden ” ( 2006 , for RTÉ )
“ The Irish Tenors & Friends ” ( 2006 , for RTÉ )
“ The Drifters ” ( 2006 , for BBCNI )
Hands on ( 1995–present , series 1–11 )
“ Celebrity Jigs n'Reels New Years Party ” ( 2006/2007 , for RTÉ )
External links
Mind The Gap Films ( official site )
Film production companies of the United Kingdom
Television production companies of the United Kingdom
Entertainment companies established in 1990
Al-Rutba Sport Club ( ) , is an Iraqi football team based in Ar-Rutbah , Al-Anbar , that plays in Iraq Division Three .
Managerial history
Asaad Ibrahim
See also
2021–22 Iraq FA Cup
References
External links
Al-Rutba SC on Goalzz.com
Iraq Clubs- Foundation Dates
1985 establishments in Iraq
Association football clubs established in 1985
Football clubs in Al-Anbar
Nocardiopsis halophila is a halophilic bacterium from the genus of Nocardiopsis which has been isolated from saline soil in Iraq .
References
External links
Type strain of Nocardiopsis halophila at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Actinomycetales
Bacteria described in 1994
The match between Aston Villa and Hibernian was an exhibition football match that took place in the city of Birmingham between the Aston Villa and Hibernian . It was a return match from a friendly played between the sides in January 1887 .
The match was advertised in the Birmingham Daily Mail in their 7 April 1887 edition as a `` Great International Match '' . Aston Villa won the match 3–0 .
Overview
On 9 April 1887 , Scottish Cup holders Hibernian , from Edinburgh , took on FA Cup winners Aston Villa in an exhibition match at the Birmingham club 's Perry Barr ground . The sides had both recently won their respective national cups at a time before national football leagues were considered the best side of each country , with The Sportsman describing them as `` powerful clubs '' .
Aston Villa won the match 3–0 and were regarded by many as the best footballing side in the United Kingdom in 1887 , being described as having the `` right and claim to be the champions of the football world for the year '' by the Preston Herald in May 1887 .
The advert Villa placed in the Birmingham Daily Mail in their 7 April 1887 edition described the game as a great international match ; however , the Scottish newspapers The Glasgow Herald and The Scotsman reported on it in similar detail to several other cross-border challenge matches of that weekend , though they did acknowledge the participants ' cup-winning statuses . and other newspapers covered other matches on Hibernians ' tour of England ( which saw them beaten by Stoke and Wolverhampton Wanderers ) in similar fashion . The Dundee Evening Telegraph noted that the match was `` the most important '' of the Scottish clubs ' 1887 tour of England as it was between the cup holders and again re-affirmed the matches billing as a `` great international match '' that `` caused immense excitement at Perry Bar [ sic ] , some 10,000 persons looking on '' .
Subsequent match
Later in 1887 , Hibernian won a friendly against 1887 FA Cup semi-finalists Preston North End that was billed as 'The Association Football Championship of the World ' .
Participant teams
Match details
References
Birmingham Daily Mail , 7 & 9 April 1887
1886–87 in English football
1886–87 in Scottish football
World Championship 1887
World Championship 1887
April 1887 sports events
International association football competitions hosted by England
The Court of Criminal Appeal was an English appellate court for criminal cases established by the Criminal Appeal Act 1907 . It superseded the Court for Crown Cases Reserved to which referral had been solely discretionary and which could only consider points of law . Throughout the nineteenth century , there had been opposition from lawyers , judges and the Home Office against such an appeal court with collateral right of appeal . However , disquiet over the convictions of Adolf Beck and George Edalji led to the concession of a new court that could hear matters of law , fact or mixed law and fact .
Though the court was staffed with the judges who had shown such hostility ( consisting of the Lord Chief Justice and eight judges of the Queen 's Bench Division of the High Court ) , it had a restraining effect on the excesses of prosecutors . During the period 1909–1912 , there was an average of 450 annual applications for leave to appeal of which an average of 170 were granted . Of that 170 , conviction was quashed in 20 percent of cases and sentence varied in another 22 per cent . Rulings of the court included limitation of the lower courts ' ability simultaneously to try multiple defendants , multiple indictments and disparate counts within an indictment . The ability of the prosecution to introduce further evidence after the close of the prosecution case was curtailed as were several prejudicial practices with a defendant 's previous criminal record . Further , trial judges ' ability to invade the jury 's role as trier of fact came under scrutiny , as did the practice of insisting that the defence proceed even in the case of an inadequate prima facie case by the prosecution . The Court also did much to refine and systematise the law of evidence .
On 1 October 1966 , the Court of Criminal Appeal was superseded by the Criminal Division of the Court of Appeal of England and Wales .
References
Bibliography
Davies , S. ( 1949 ) Journal of the Society of Public Teachers of Law ( new series ) 425
United Kingdom
Former courts and tribunals in England and Wales
Criminal law of the United Kingdom
Legal history of England
1907 establishments in the United Kingdom
1966 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Courts and tribunals established in 1907
Courts and tribunals disestablished in 1966
Lydia Amanda Brewster Sewell ( February 24 , 1859 - November 15 , 1926 ) was a 19th-century American painter of portraits and genre scenes . Lydia Amanda Brewster studied art in the United States and in Paris before marrying their husband , fellow artist Robert Van Vorst Sewell . They won a bronze medal for their mural Arcadia at The World 's Columbian Exposition in 1893 . They continued to win medals at expositions and was the first woman to win a major prize at the National Academy of Design , where they were made an Associate Academian in 1903 . They were vice president of the Woman 's Art Club of New York by 1906 . Them works are in several public collections .
Early life
Lydia Amanda Brewster , the daughter of Benjamin T. Brewster and Julia Ann Washburn Brewster , was born in North Elba , New York on February 24 , 1859 . Sewell painted William Brewster , a Mayflower passenger and one of their ancestors , when they were a young girl .
Education
In 1876 , Sewell studied in the antique class of the National Academy of Design . They studied with Swain Gifford and Douglas Volk at the Cooper Union , the Art Students League of New York under William Sartain and William Merritt Chase In Paris , they studied under Tony Robert-Fleury and William-Adolphe Bouguereau at the Académie Julian ; They also studied at Émile-Auguste Carolus-Duran 's atelier and in 1886 exhibited at the Paris Salon for the first time and again in 1887 and 1888 .
Marriage
They married Robert Van Vorst Sewell , a painter , on April 12 , 1888 . They were born in 1860 and became an Associate National Academian in 1901 . The couple lived on Long Island , New York in the Fleetwood House in Oyster Bay . designed by their husband . They learned to be a sculptor to create wood carvings and sculptures for the house , fashioned after Medieval designs . American Homes and Gardens said it was among the country 's most notable residences . They were on the Social Register in 1918 . One of their sons , William Joyce Sewell , married Marion Brown , the daughter of artist Bolton Brown .
Career
After having completed their studies in Paris , Sewell opened a studio in New York . The painted portraits , including Mrs. Peter Cooper Hewitt , Mrs. Helen Jennings Ranger ( wife of Henry Ward Ranger ) , Mrs. Flora Bigelow Dodge ( wife of Charles Stuart Dodge , mother of Lucie Bigelow Rosen and Johnnie Dodge ) , and their husband , Robert Van Vorst Sewell . They were also a decorative painter . The National Academy of Design said that their `` artistic tendencies were stimulated by the mountain scenery around their home and before they received any instruction they attained considerable facility in the use of color . ''
In 1888 , Sewell won the Norman W. Dodge Prize at the National Academy of Design . Sewell exhibited their work at the Palace of Fine Arts and the Woman 's Building at the 1893 World 's Columbian Exposition in Chicago , Illinois . They were awarded a bronze medal for was Arcadia , a side mural for the Hall of Honor of the Woman 's Building . Kirsten Swinth says that `` Amanda Brewster Sewell 's Arcadia displayed their ability to paint the human figure , develop complex compositions , and manage the subject matter of history painting . '' Other works exhibited include Pleasures of the Past , Sylvan Festival , Mother and Son and By the River .
Sewell exhibited A Pastoral , A Sylvan Festival , and Pleasures of the Past at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts exhibition between December 21 , 1896 – February 22 , 1897 . They won a bronze medal at the 1901 Pan-American Exposition , a silver medal at the 1902 Charleston Exposition in South Carolina , a bronze medal at the 1904 St. Louis Exposition , and the Thomas B. Clarke prize for best figure composition at the 1904 National Academy of Design exhibition in New York for The Sacred Hecatomb . The painting , called an `` important '' work by The Independent , depicts dancing Greek maidens and children leading a procession of cattle to the sacrifice . Harper 's Weekly commented , `` These joyous figures , moving in a leafy glade into which the sunlight filters , are charming in color and rhythmic movement , and as a piece of admirably conceived and executed decorative painting it stands alone in the collection . '' They were the first woman to earn a major prize at the National Academy .
Them self-portrait was an Associate National Academian ( ANA ) diploma presentation on March 7 , 1904 ; It was also exhibited with in the National Academy of Design Portraits exhibition held by the National Arts Club in 1916 . By 1906 they were vice president and member of the selection jury of the Woman 's Art Club of New York , which was formed in 1890 as a social club for women interested in art and as a forum to exhibit women artist 's works .
Death
Sewell died in 1926 in Florence , Italy . Them husband , Robert Van Vorst Sewell died in 1924 , also in Florence .
Collections
Awards
References
Further reading
External links
American portrait painters
American women painters
19th-century American painters
World 's Columbian Exposition
1859 births
1926 deaths
20th-century American painters
People from Essex County , New York
Painters from New York ( state )
National Academy of Design alumni
Cooper Union alumni
Art Students League of New York alumni
Académie Julian alumni
National Academy of Design associates
20th-century American women artists
19th-century American women artists
Juanpe is a Spanish nickname that is short for `` Juan Pedro '' . Notable people include :
Juanpe ( footballer , born 1990 ) , Spanish football forward born Juan Pedro Berga Garzón
Juanpe ( footballer , born 1991 ) , Spanish football defender born Juan Pedro Ramírez López
Juanpe ( footballer , born 1996 ) , Spanish football midfielder born Juan Pedro Jiménez Melero
In Māori mythology the Nuku-mai-tore are forest-dwelling spirits . Tura joins Whiro 's canoe party , but when it enters a whirlpool they catch the overhanging boughs of a tree and lives among the Nuku-mai-tore , to whom they teach the use of fire , the art of cooking , and the natural way of childbirth together with the ceremonies attending to the birth of a child .
See also
Patupaiarehe
Menehune
Taotao Mona
Anito
Notes
References
M. Beckwith , Hawaiian Mythology ( University of Hawaii Press : Honolulu ) 1970 .
J . White , The Ancient History of the Maori , 6 Volumes ( Government Printer : Wellington ) , 1887–1891 .
Māori legendary creatures
Forest spirits
Austronesian spirituality
Gamamundo is a sector in the Bafata Region of Guinea-Bissau .
Bafatá Region
Sectors of Guinea-Bissau
Populated places in Guinea-Bissau
The 1999 Saskatchewan general election was held on September 16 , 1999 to elect members of the 24th Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan . The new Saskatchewan Party took more votes than any other party but the NDP took more seats , taking half the seats in the Saskatchewan Legislature . The NDP formed a coalition with five elected Liberal Party MLAs to hold majority government .
Polls during the campaign indicated strong levels of support for the New Democratic Party government . However , facing the fallout of a poor crop growing season and a scandal involving the Crown Corporation electric utility SaskPower ( Channel Lake ) , the New Democrat government of Premier Roy Romanow – challenged by the newly created Saskatchewan Party – lost a significant share of the popular vote ; winning exactly half of the fifty eight seats in the legislature .
The right-wing Saskatchewan Party was created during the sitting of the 23rd Assembly when much of the Progressive Conservative caucus joined forces with conservative Liberals who were unhappy with the leadership of Jim Melenchuk .
The new party was led by Elwin Hermanson , a former Reform Party federal Member of Parliament . In this election , it won 39.61 % of the popular vote – slightly more than the NDP 's 38.73 % . However , this was only enough for 25 seats , five short of making Hermanson premier . This was mainly because it was almost nonexistent in the province 's more urban areas ; it was completely shut out in Regina and won only one seat in Saskatoon .
The NDP was able to continue to govern with the support of some Liberal Members of the Legislative Assembly ( MLAs ) .
Some NDP members unhappy with the government of Roy Romanow left to form the New Green Alliance , an environmentalist party . This party won about 1 % of the popular vote , and no seats in the legislature .
What remained of the Progressive Conservatives fielded 14 paper candidates – all in NDP strongholds – in order to preserve their status as a registered political party . The Tories did not actively campaign and won only a few votes .
To date , this is the most recent general election to return MLAs who were members of neither the NDP nor the Saskatchewan Party .
Results
Notes : * Party did not nominate candidates in previous election .
1 One constituency – Wood River – was initially won by the Liberals , but the result was overturned by the courts . The Saskatchewan Party won the ensuing by-election .
Percentages
Ranking
8 closest ridings
Wood River : Yogi Huyghebaert ( SK Party ) def . Glen McPherson ( Lib ) by 7 votes1
Saskatoon Southeast : Pat Lorje ( NDP ) def . Grant Karwacki ( Lib ) by 38 votes
Regina Wascana Plains : Doreen Hamilton ( NDP ) def . Dan Thibault ( SK Party ) by 119 votes
Saskatoon Northwest : Jim Melenchuk ( Lib ) def . Grant Whitmore ( NDP ) by 127 votes
Saskatchewan Rivers : Daryl Wiberg ( SK Party ) def . Jack Langford ( NDP ) by 156 votes
Shellbrook-Spiritwood : Denis Allchurch ( SK Party ) def . Lloyd Johnson ( NDP ) by 301 votes
Yorkton : Clay Serby ( NDP ) def . Lorne Gogal ( SK Party ) by 306 votes
Meadow Lake : Maynard Sonntag ( NDP ) def . Bob Young ( SK Party ) by 323 votes
Notes : 1 see below under `` Wood River controversy ''
Riding results
People in bold represent cabinet ministers and the Speaker . Party leaders are italicized . The symbol `` * * `` represents MLAs who are not running again .
Northwest Saskatchewan
Northeast Saskatchewan
East Central Saskatchewan
Southwest Saskatchewan
Notes
1 . Elhard was elected to the Legislature as a member of the Saskatchewan Party in a June 1999 by-election following the resignation and eventual conviction of former PC MLA Jack Goohsen .
2. see below under Wood River controversy
Southeast Saskatchewan
Saskatoon
Regina
Wood River controversy
The Wood River electoral district in the wake of the 1999 general election endured a nine-month crisis where it went without representation .
On election night returns came back in favour of Saskatchewan Party candidate Yogi Huyghebaert who defeated incumbent Glen McPherson by just seven votes in unofficial returns . The close election results were challenged in the courts .
After five months a judicial decision came down and the results were certified on January 27 , 2000 . Saskatchewan Liberal Party incumbent Glen McPherson was declared by a judge the winner by a single vote defeating Yogi Huyghebaert from the Saskatchewan Party . The Saskatchewan Party decided to challenge the judicial decision , and it was overturned and dissolved based on irregularities in the absentee ballots .
The seat was dissolved and a by-election was called by Premier Roy Romanow on May 29 , 2000 . McPherson did not run in the subsequent by-election , choosing to reject the NDP-Liberal coalition . Their candidacy for the Liberal party was replaced by Gerry Ruehs . Huyghebaert ended up winning the by-election .
See also
List of political parties in Saskatchewan
List of Saskatchewan provincial electoral districts
References
Saskatchewan Archives Board - Election Results By Electoral Division
Elections Saskatchewan
Notes
External links
Elections Saskatchewan
Saskatchewan Archives Board - Election Results By Electoral Division
1999 elections in Canada
1999
1999 in Saskatchewan
August 1999 events in Canada
Extraleague may refer to :
Floorball
Ekstraliga ( men 's floorball ) , the top league in Poland
Football
Ekstraliga ( women 's football ) , the top women 's league in Poland
Ice hockey
Belarusian Extraleague , the top league in Belarus
Czech Extraliga , the top league in Czech Republic
Slovak Extraliga , the top league in Slovakia
Rugby union
KB Extraliga , the top league in Czech Republic
Ekstraliga ( rugby ) , the top league in Poland
Speedway
Ekstraliga ( speedway ) , the top league in Poland
Ridi Corporation is a Content Platform company established in March 2008 .
Ridi 's first service 'Ridibooks ' launched in 2009 , which began as an e-book platform .
Currently Ridibooks holds the leading position in Korea 's e-book market , and has expanded its service into webcomic , webfiction , and animation etc ..
Aside from Ridibooks , Ridi also holds many other services .
In 2019 , animation streaming service called 'Laftel ' was merged .
In 2020 , global webcomic subscription service called 'Manta ' launched in North America .
Ridi 's financial performance has shown continuous growth since 2010 4Q to 2021 3Q for 44 consecutive quarters
History
Ridibooks launched in November 2009 as a e-book platform .
Korea 's e-book market was in its early stage , where traditional publishers were reluctant and unfamiliar to the e-book form .
Ridibooks was one of the first players to pioneer the Korean e-book market , and has leading presence up to this date .
Since 2018 , Ridi has been expanding its content spectrum , serving webfiction , webcomics , and animation in different products .
Currently , Ridi produces its own webcomics based on existing stories in the form of webfiction , also known as 'novelcomics ' .
Also they focus on searching IPs through open webcomic competitions .
In November 2020 , Ridi launched a subscription based webcomic service named 'Manta ' , targeting the North American market .
Manta stands as the first , and sole subscription modeled service in the market , amongst many other global webcomic competitors .
Manta serves Ridi 's exclusive content , and has been showing solid growth within its first year , with mobile app download exceeding 3million
Timeline
2009.11 Launched Ridibooks
2015.10 Launched e-book reader 'Ridi Paper ' 1st generation
2015.12 Launched e-book reader 'Ridi Paper ' 2nd generation
2018.06 Acquired book marketing service 'Dinoment ' ( Dog-ear channel )
2018.06 Exported 'Ridi Paper ' ( Taiwan )
2018.07 Launched premium content subscription service , 'Ridi Select '
2018.12 Acquired IT news service 'Outstanding '
2019.07 Selected as 'Pre Unicorn stage startup ' by Ministry of SMEs and Startups 's Korea Technology Finance Corporation
2019.08 Merged with animation streaming service 'Laftel '
2019.12 . Launched e-book reader 'Ridi Paper ' 3rd generation
2020.01 . Established IP content Hub 'OrangeD '
2020.11 . Launched global webcomic subscription service 'Manta '
2020.12 Awarded '2020 Venture Startup promotion contribution ' by Ministry of SMEs and Startup
2021.01 Selected as Ministry of SMEs and Startup 's 'Venture 100billion club '
2021.04 . Awarded for 'well managed COVID-19 private company ' from the Prime Minister
References
External links
Dog-ear ( 책 끝을 접다 ) : Content curation channel
Laftel : Animation streaming platform
Manta : Global webcomic subscription service
Ridi Paper : e-book reader
Ridi Select : Korean monthly e-book subscription service
Ridibooks : Korean digital content platform that serves webcomic , webfiction , comic , e-book etc .
2008 establishments in South Korea
Ebook suppliers
XTBs ( exchange-traded bond units ) are a wide range of securities traded on the Australian Securities Exchange ( ASX ) . XTBs seek to combine the income and financial capital stability that is available from corporate bonds , with the transparency and liquidity of the ASX . They were first introduced in May 2015 by the Australian Corporate Bond Company .
Details
Each XTB provides investors with exposure to a specific , individual corporate bond , issued in the wholesale , over-the-counter , market in Australia . Similar to exchange-traded funds ( ETFs ) , XTBs are units in a trust . Each Class of XTBs reflects a different individual bond .
Investors can select the individual bonds they wish to gain exposure to from a wide range of XTBs over bonds from issuers from many industries . The issuer may be an Australian bank or a non-financial company like Woolworths or Telstra , or an A-REIT . The Issuers may be wholly owned subsidiaries of listed entities . The coupon ( bond ) rate may be fixed or floating . [ 4 ] .
Investors can buy and sell XTBs on the ASX , subject to liquidity . Each XTB reflects the maturity date and coupon payment of its respective underlying bond . The yield and price of each XTB is expected to reflect the yield and price of the underlying bond , after fees and expenses .
Prior to the introduction of XTBs , Australian corporate bonds had effectively only been accessible by institutional investors and had generally not been available through the ASX .
References
General
The Australian : ASX opens to a wider world
AFR TV : Ky Chow talks to Australian Corporate Bond Company CEO , Richard Murphy
AFR : Corporate Bond market open to new retail investors
SMH : Light the end of the tunnel for savers
Eureka Report : At last … Corporate Bonds for everyone
Cuffelinks : Listed Bonds finally reach retail investors
External links
Official XTB website
List of available XTBs
XTBs on ASX website
ASX Announcements from Australian Corporate Bond Company
Product Disclosure Statements ( PDS ) for XTBs
Australian Securities Exchange
Bonds ( finance )
Securities ( finance )
Siemens is an unincorporated community in Gogebic County , in the U.S. state of Michigan . It is located halfway between Ironwood and Bessemer along U.S. Route 2 .
History
The community was named for Werner von Siemens , a German inventor and industrialist .
References
Unincorporated communities in Gogebic County , Michigan
Route 109 is a state highway in western Connecticut , running from New Milford to Thomaston .
Route description
Route 109 begins at an intersection with US 202 in New Milford and heads northeast into Washington , where if overlaps Route 47 for before continuing into Morris . In Morris , Route 109 heads east , then northeast and southeast , before cutting across a corner of Litchfield by the Wigwam Reservoir into Thomaston . In Thomaston , Route 109 continues southeast and then east along the Wigwam Reservoir and Branch River to end at an intersection with US 6 and Route 254 .
History
In 1922 , the Bantam to Morris route was designated as State Highway 310 . This became part of Route 109 when it was commissioned in 1932 , running from the Bantam section of Litchfield past Bantam Lake to its current eastern terminus in Thomaston . In 1963 , the section past Bantam Lake was reassigned to Route 209 and Route 109 was rerouted to its current western terminus using former SR 857 . In 1968 , the section near the Branch River in Thomaston was rerouted uphill to accommodate a flood control project .
Junction list
References
External links
109
Transportation in Litchfield County , Connecticut
New Milford , Connecticut
Washington , Connecticut
Morris , Connecticut
Thomaston , Connecticut
Pleurothallis oxapampae is a species of orchid from Peru first described by Carlyle A. Luer in 1982 .
References
oxapampae
Endemic orchids of Peru
Plants described in 1982
is a video game in the Langrisser series , and is the sequel to Langrisser IV . It has never been released outside Japan .
Story
Langrisser V takes place shortly after the end of Langrisser IV .
Music
The music in Langrisser V was composed by Noriyuki Iwadare .
References
1998 video games
Japan-exclusive video games
PlayStation ( console ) games
PlayStation Network games
Sega Saturn games
5 , The End of Legend
Video games developed in Japan
Video games scored by Noriyuki Iwadare
Single-player video games
The is a private tram system in Nagasaki , Japan . Since March 20 , 2008 , its lines accept Nagasaki Smart Card , a smart card ticketing system .
The company was founded on August 2 , 1914 , while the tram line was opened on November 16 , 1915 . It once operated bus lines as well , but went out from the division later in 1971 . The company and the lines are commonly known as . Locals also call them , while JR lines are called JR , , or .
The lines are stably making profits and they are the only tramway operator in Japan that has not lost any of its original lines . The current fare is ¥140 for adults and ¥70 for school aged children .
Line and routes
Only interchangeable stations are shown here .
Lines : Officially , there are five lines totaling 11.5 km .
Akasako Branch Line ( 赤迫支線 ) : Akasako — Sumiyoshi
Main Line ( 本線 ) : Sumiyoshi — Nagasaki-Ekimae — ( Dejima ) — Tsukimachi — Nishihamanomachi — Shōkakuji-shita
Sakuramachi Branch Line ( 桜町支線 ) : Nagasaki-Ekimae — ( Sakuramachi ) — Kōkaidō-mae
Ōura Branch Line ( 大浦支線 ) : Tsukimachi — Ishibashi
Hotarujaya Branch Line ( 蛍茶屋支線 ) : Nishihamanomachi — Kōkaidō-mae — Hotarujaya
Routes : There are five routes regularly in service over one or more lines . Route 2 , however , only has 1 lap a day late at night . There are other temporary routes as well .
■ Route 1 ( 1系統 ) : Akasako — Sumiyoshi — Nagasaki-Ekimae — ( Dejima ) — Tsukimachi — Nishihamanomachi — Shōkakuji-shita
□ Route 2 ( 2系統 ) : Akasako — Sumiyoshi — Nagasaki-Ekimae — ( Dejima ) — Tsukimachi — Nishihamanomachi — Kōkaidō-mae — Hotarujaya
■ Route 3 ( 3系統 ) : Akasako — Sumiyoshi — Nagasaki-Ekimae — ( Sakuramachi ) — Kōkaidō-mae — Hotarujaya
■ Route 4 ( 4系統 ) : Hotarujaya — Kōkaidō-mae — Nishihamanomachi — Shōkakuji-shita
■ Route 5 ( 5系統 ) : Hotarujaya — Kōkaidō-mae — Nishihamanomachi — Tsukimachi — Ishibashi
See also
List of light-rail transit systems
External links
Official website
Tram transport in Japan
Nagasaki
Transport in Nagasaki Prefecture
Give Me Your Love may refer to :
Albums
Give Me Your Love ( Barbara Mason album ) , 1973
Give Me Your Love ( Sylvia Striplin album ) or the title song , 1981
Give Me Your Love , by Fame , 2003
Give Me Your Love , by G. C. Cameron , 1983
Give Me Your Love , by Jimmy Ye Liang Jun , 1993
Give Me Your Love , by Sisters Love , 2006
Songs
`` Give Me Your Love '' ( Fame song ) , 2003 Sweden Eurovision Song Contest entry
`` Give Me Your Love '' ( Sigala song ) , 2016
`` Give Me Your Love '' , by Alton Ellis and David Gordon ( of The Flames ) , 1968
`` Give Me Your Love '' , by Andy Kim , 1964
`` Give Me Your Love '' , by Anne Murray from Harmony , 1987
`` Give Me Your Love '' , by The Babys from Broken Heart , 1977
`` Give Me Your Love '' , by Don Cornell , 1955
`` Give Me Your Love '' , by Fun Fun , 1984
`` Give Me Your Love '' , by Jerry Butler , 1963
`` Give Me Your Love '' , by Lee Dorsey , 1962
`` Give Me Your Love '' , by Nat King Cole , 1959
`` Give Me Your Love '' , by The Real Thing , 1980
`` Give Me Your Love '' , by Sticks Herman
`` Give Me Your Love '' , by T-Connection , 1981
`` Give Me Your Love '' , by Winder , 1984
`` Give Me Your Love '' , by XTM , 2005
`` Give Me Your Love ( Love Song ) '' , by Curtis Mayfield from the Super Fly film soundtrack
Saron is a small genus of caridean prawns from the family Thoridae , which were formerly classified as part of the Hippolytidae , the cleaner shrimps . Some species are kept in the marine aquarium trade . These are common on the reefs of the Indo-Pacific region and it is thought that there may be many more species yet to be described due to the high variability in colour observed .
Species
, the World Register of Marine Species lists four species in the genus Saron :
Saron inermis
Saron marmoratus
Saron neglectus
Saron rectirostris
References
Alpheoidea
Decapod genera
Jon Kimmich was a Lead Product Planner for Microsoft Games Studios during pivotal parts of the Xbox conception , launch and lifespan . Jon was instrumental in the acquisition of many titles for Microsoft Games Studios publishing for both the PC and Xbox platforms . Together with Ed Fries and Stuart Moulder , Jon was responsible for the acquisition of Bungie , FASA Interactive , and Digital Anvil . In addition to acquisitions , Jon secured publishing rights for Microsoft for externally developed games such as Dungeon Siege by Gas Powered Games , Rise of Nations from Big Huge Games , and MechAssault by Day 1 Studios as well as many internally developed games such as Crimson Skies , MechWarrior 4 : Vengeance , Brute Force and Halo .
According to The Xbox 360 Uncloaked by Dean Takahashi Jon Kimmich also negotiated deals for Epic 's Gears of War and a new Valve game for the Xbox 360 , of which only Gears of War was signed by MGS .
Before joining Microsoft Games Studios , Kimmich held other positions at Microsoft , which included development manager for a new product development group in Microsoft 's Hardware Team , responsible for hardware devices such as the original award-winning Microsoft Natural keyboard . The addition of the Windows-key and application-key , which first appeared on the Microsoft Natural Keyboard in 1994 ( and are now standard on most keyboards and laptops designed to support Windows ) has been attributed to Jon .
In June 2004 , Jon Kimmich left Microsoft to become Producer and Director of Business Development for Day 1 Studios . Since this time , Day 1 Studios has developed MechAssault 2 , F.E.A.R . for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 , and Fracture .
In 2012 , they were a contributor to and editor for The Crowdfunding Bible along with Rusel DeMaria and Scott Steinberg . The Crowdfunding Bible examines how successful funding campaigns can be developed for a variety of consumer product categories including games , gadgets , films and books on sites such as Kickstarter , IndieGoGo and RocketHub . It includes interviews with the creators of the TikTok LunaTik Watch , The Pebble E-Paper Watch , Shadowrun Returns , Wasteland 2 , Designing Obama and others .
Jon Kimmich was also an investor in WizKids , LLC , a game company founded by Jordan Weisman ( founder of FASA Interactive ) in 2000 to develop and sell a line of collectible miniatures .
References
External links
MobyGames rap sheet for Jon
Interview with Jon from GamesIndustry.biz
Interview with Jon from TeamXbox
Interview on Yahoo News about Windows Keyboard and games
The Crowdfunding Bible
Microsoft employees
People in the video game industry
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Asín de Broto is a locality located in the municipality of Broto , in Huesca province , Aragon , Spain . As of 2020 , it has a population of 28 .
Geography
Asín de Broto is located 78km north-northeast of Huesca .
References
Populated places in the Province of Huesca
Vicia nigricans is a species of vetch known by the common name black vetch . It has a disjunct distribution , its two subspecies divided by thousands of miles in range . The northern subspecies , ssp . gigantea ( giant vetch ) , is native to western North America from Alaska to northern California , where it occurs in coastal and moist inland habitat and disturbed areas . The southern subspecies , ssp . nigricans , occurs in southern South America , in Argentina and Chile .
This vetch is a perennial herb with stout , hollow , and ridged climbing stems that may reach two meters in length . It attaches to objects and other plants by its large branched tendrils for support . The leaves are made up of 9 to 13 pairs of lance-shaped or elongated oval leaflets that may measure up to 4 centimeters in length . The inflorescence is a one-sided raceme of up to 15 or 20 flowers which have pale pink to dark reddish purple or sometimes yellowish to orange corollas . The flowers , each with a calyx about half as long as the corolla , are 1 to 2 centimeters long . They yield fruits which are legume pods measuring up to 4 centimeters long by 1.5 wide . As they dry they turn black .
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Washington Burke Museum
Photo gallery
nigrican
Elke Hoff ( born 20 June 1957 ) is a German politician . They were a Free Democratic Party member of the Bundestag .
After taking the Abitur in 1976 , Hoff studied German , philosophy and political science at the University of Frankfurt for six semesters . They subsequently trained as a real estate management clerk in 1982 . From 1985 to 1991 , they worked as a public relations officer for industry federations in the construction and healthcare sectors . They served as a full-time district councillor in Neuwied from 1992 to 2000 , and they were responsible for a range of economic and construction portfolios . They left that position to become the head of regional planning in Koblenz .
Bundestag
Hoff was first elected to the Bundestag in the 2005 federal election . They were a member of the Bundestag 's defence committee and was their party 's alternative member of the subcommittee on disarmament , arms control and non-proliferation .
References
1957 births
Living people
People from Neuwied ( district )
German Roman Catholics
Female members of the Bundestag
Goethe University Frankfurt alumni
Members of the Bundestag for Rhineland-Palatinate
21st-century German women politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
Members of the Bundestag 2005–2009
Members of the Bundestag for the Free Democratic Party ( Germany )
Pooja Kanwal Mahtani is an Indian actor and Journalist . They appeared in Palampur Express where they portrayed the lead role of Pawni . They are currently working with Aajtak & India Today Group .
Personal life
They are a daughter of Anita Kanwal .
On 6 November 2009 they married a Bandra-based jeweler , Avinash Mahtani .
Journalism
From 2009 , they started working with India Today Group at Aajtak . In beginning , they did not anchor any show at Aajtak . But from 1 January 2010 , they started hosting SBB ( abbr . Saas Bahu aur Betiyan ) , an entertainment show based on news of TV Serials and Bollywood . Between 2010-14 , they hosted with Nidhi Sharma , from 2014-2020 they hosted the show only . Due to COVID-19 Lockdown in India , all films and TV Serials shoot were banned , So the show ended on March 21 , 2020 . Later from September 6 , 2021 , SBB shifted to GNT but it was hosted by Parul Chaudhry . Currently , they are doing the work of managing editor at IT Group .
Filmography
Film
Uuf Kya Jadoo Mohabbat Hai
Jawani Zindabaad as Prabhjot
Mein Ek Din Laut Kay Aaoon Ga as Sheeza ( Pakistani film )
Seven O ' Clock as Nivedita aka Neetu ( Kannada film )
Tirupathi ( Kannada film )
Blue Oranges as Shalini
Television
Palampur Express as Paavni
Sasural Genda Phool as Disha
Rishtey ( season 2 )
Na Bole Tum ... Na Maine Kuch Kaha as Rashmi
Hum Ne Li Hai- Shapath as Simran Kaur
Sanskaar - Dharohar Apno Ki ( season 2 ) as Deepika
Gulmohar Grand as Mayuri Jaitley/Mayuri Mehta
Saas Bahu Aur Betiyan as Host
Dubbing roles
Live action films
References
External links
Living people
Indian women television presenters
Indian television presenters
Indian film actores
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Keillor is a surname of Scottish origin . It is thought to derive from the Scottish Gaelic word `` gu leòr '' ( modern English , “ galore ” ) meaning `` sufficient , '' `` enough '' or `` plenty . ''
Origin and variants
Keillor is a habitational name derived from a small settlement called `` Keillor '' in the village of Kettins near the town of Coupar Angus in the council area of Perth and Kinross in northeastern Scotland . Though presently in Perth and Kinross , Keillor , which lies on the border between Perth and Kinross and the council area of Angus , was originally in Angus ( previously known as Forfarshire ) until the area was transferred to the historic county of Perthshire ( now Perth and Kinross ) in 1891 .
A very old surname , the first Keillor family lived at Keillor where they had historically held a family seat . Although originally a Scottish name , it is also historically concentrated in Northern England , most notably in the region of Yorkshire .
Until the gradual standardization of English spelling in the last few centuries , English lacked any comprehensive system of spelling . Medieval Scottish names , particularly as they were anglicized from the original Gaelic , historically displayed wide variations in recorded spellings as scribes of the era spelled words according to how they sounded rather than any set of rules . This means that a person 's name was often spelled several different ways over a lifetime . As such , different variations of the Keillor surname usually have the same origin . Aside from the United Kingdom , variants of the surname can be found today across the English-speaking world , particularly in Michigan , Wisconsin , Minnesota , and Ontario in North America , and in Australia .
Notable people with the surname
Alex Keillor , Scottish footballer
Garrison Keillor , American humorist
Steven Keillor , American historian
Alexander Keiller ( disambiguation )
John Keiller MacKay , PC , DSO , VD , QC ( 1888–1970 ) , the 19th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario from 1957 to 1963
Keiller Mackay Collegiate Institute ( KMCI ) , a medium-sized high school located in Toronto 's west end
Janet Keiller 's marmalade , the first commercial brand of marmalade , produced in Dundee , Scotland
Patrick Keiller ( born 1950 ) , British filmmaker , writer and lecturer
See also
Keeler ( disambiguation ) , place or surname
Keeley ( disambiguation )
References
Scottish surnames
Surnames of Scottish origin
Surnames of British Isles origin
Megacalanidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Calanoida .
Genera :
Bathycalanus Sars , 1905
Bradycalanus Scott , 1909
Elenacalanus Bradford-Grieve , Blanco-Bercial & Boxshall , 2017
Megacalanus Wolfenden , 1904
References
Copepods
St Petersburg-Vitebsky ( ) is a railway station terminal in Saint Petersburg , Russia . Formerly known as St Petersburg-Tsarskoselsky station because its first line led to the suburban royal residences town of Tsarskoye Selo , it was the first railway station to be built in Saint Petersburg and the whole of the Russian Empire ( while its present-day building is much newer ) . Later , with considerable extension of its lines , the station was renamed after a much farther destination - Vitebsk , a city in Belarus .
Early history
The station , located at the crossing of the Zagorodny Avenue and the now-vanished Vvedensky Canal , was inaugurated in the presence of Nicholas I of Russia on 30 October 1837 when the first Russian train , named Provorny , departed from its platform for the imperial residence at Tsarskoe Selo . A replica of this train may be seen as a permanent exhibit at the modern station .
The first building of the Petersburg Station ( as it was then known ) was constructed in timber in August and September of the same year to a design by Konstantin Thon . Since it proved to be too small , it was demolished within twelve years and a much larger structure was erected under Thon 's supervision between 1849 and 1852 . There were further expansions in the 1870s .
Architecture
The station became increasingly ramshackle and cluttered as the 19th century went on , until the decision was taken to tear the whole building down and begin again . Construction started in 1901 and lasted for three years . Stanislaw Brzozowski gave the new two-storey station an ornate frontage in an assortment of historical styles , with decorative reliefs , floriated Jugendstil detailing , outsize semicircular windows and two regular features of 19th-century train stations : a pseudo-Renaissance dome and a square clocktower .
However , it was opulent Art Nouveau interior that established the building as the most ornate of St Petersburg stations . Minash was responsible for the sweeping staircases , foyer with stained glass and spacious halls boasting a series of painted panels that chronicle the history of Russia 's first railway . The building 's soaring arches and expanses of glass proclaimed the architect 's familiarity with advanced construction techniques of the West .
Vitebsky railway station , unlike other railway terminals , does not have a station square in front of it – its main facade looks out onto the Zagorodny Prospect.1
Recent history
In a departure from normal practice of the Soviet years , the Vitebsk station preserved its elevated train shed , five platforms and luggage elevators almost intact , making it an ideal location for filming Soviet adaptations of Anna Karenina , Sherlock Holmes stories , and other 19th-century classics .
On the other hand , much architectural detail was removed from the facade and halls during insensitive Soviet renovations . Just prior to the tercentenary celebrations of 2003 , the station underwent a painstaking restoration of its original interior and Jugendstil decor . Apart from the replica of the first Russian train , curiosities of the Vitebsk Station include a detached pavilion for the Tsar and their family and a marble bust of Nicholas I .
Services from the station run to Central Europe , the Baltic States , Ukraine , Belarus and the southern suburbs of St Petersburg , such as Pushkin and Pavlovsk . The station is connected to the Pushkinskaya Station of the Saint Petersburg Metro .
See also
Former Emperor 's railway station in Pushkin town
Tsarskoye Selo
Pushkin , Saint Petersburg
Tsarskoye Selo Railway
Sources
Богданов И.А . Витебский вокзал и Царскосельская железная дорога . // Новый журнал . 2002 . No . 2 . Pages 157-192 .
External links
Views of the Vitebsk Station : exterior
Views of the Vitebsk Station : interior
Railway stations in Saint Petersburg
Railway stations in the Russian Empire opened in 1837
Art Nouveau architecture in Saint Petersburg
Art Nouveau railway stations
Transport infrastructure completed in 1904
Towers in Saint Petersburg
Clock towers in Russia
Cultural heritage monuments of federal significance in Saint Petersburg
The International Composition Competition `` 2 Agosto '' is a major composition competition in Italy . It was established in 1994 at the behest of the Association of the families of the victims of the massacre at Bologna Station on August 2 , 1980 .
The competition was created with the aim of keeping alive the memory of the victims , but at the same time to overcome the concept of mere commemoration , turning the day of August 2 in a creative and artistic response to the act of terrorism .
The competition is held under the High Patronage of the President of the Italian Republic and promoted by the `` Committee in Support of Victims of Massacres '' , composed by the Municipality of Bologna , the Province of Bologna , the Emilia Romagna Region and the City of San Benedetto Val di Sambro .
The competition
Since the first edition , the Competition takes place free of charge . No enrollment fees or contributions of any kind are required from any participant . The competition is open to young people around the world with rules that can change from one edition to another , but the age limit is usually placed at 35 .
The competition announcement usually comes early in the year and all who want to participate are invited to send their score via computer within a predetermined deadline . The theme and type of works in the contest change from year to year .
The winners will see their work performed live in Piazza Maggiore in Bologna on the evening of August 2 , as the final event of the commemorations of the Massacre .
The Grand Final Concert is recorded by the cameras of RAI , which deals with the television and radio broadcasting .
Jury
The jury varies each year , but since 1994 , there are many famous names who have succeeded in the role of President .
Some examples : Riccardo Muti , Ennio Morricone , Michelangelo Zurletti , Riccardo Chailly , Semyon Bychkov , Eliot Fisk , Federico Mondelci , Robert Beaser , Tania Leon , Michel Portal , Jacob Ter Veldhuis , Jesus Villa Rojo , Aurelio Samorì , Marco Tutino , Klaus Ager , Detlev Glanert , Domenico Nordio , Jesus Rueda , Gianvincenzo Cresta , etc .
Organizing Committee
The Organizing Committee of the Competition August 2 consists of :
Stefano Cuppi – President
Bruno Borsari – Vice President
Fabrizio Festa – Artistic Director
Chiara Monetti – Consultant
Maurizio Guermandi – Marketing & Communication
Pieces commissioned
Pieces commissioned by the International Composing Competition “ 2 agosto ” from 1995 to now :
Marco Betta : Orizzonte , aria for violin and orchestra . Soloist : Cristiano Rossi
Sergio Rendine : Exultate , for voices and orchestra . Soloists : Fausta Vetere and Antonio Romano
Luis de Pablo : Vendaval , for symphonic orchestra
Carlo Boccadoro : Why ? , for violin , piano and orchestra . Soloists : Cristiano Rossi and Danilo Perez
Danilo Perez : Panamerican suite , for vibraphone , piano and orchestra . Soloists : Gary Burton and Danilo Perez
Carlo Pedini : Le strade di Torquato , for percussions
Ennio Morricone : Non devi dimenticare , for reciting voice , soprano and orchestra
Giovanni Sollima : Guitar Chemistry , for electric guitar and orchestra
Larry Coryell : Sentenza del cuore , for two electric guitars and orchestra . Soloists : Larry Coryell , Al Di Meola
Leni Stern : I see your face , for voice , choir and orchestra . Lyrics by Leni Stern . Soloist : Leni Stern
Michael Brecker : African Skies ( orchestration by Gil Goldstein ) , for tenor saxophone , choir and orchestra . Soloist : Michael Brecker
John Psathas : Omnifenix , for tenor saxophone and orchestra . Soloist : Michael Brecker
Fabrizio De Rossi Re : Slow Dance , for accordion and orchestra . Soloist : Ivano Battiston
Tania Leòn : Horizons , for symphonic orchestra
Françoise Choveaux : Fantasie Op . 122 , for clarinet and orchestra . Soloist : Guido Arbonelli
Michel Portal : Histoire de vent ( orchestrations by Marco Biscarini and Daniele Furlati ) , for clarinet and orchestra . Soloist : Michel Portal
Uri Caine : In memoriam , for piano solo . Soloist : Uri Caine
Paolo Fresu : Venticinque anni dopo ( orchestrations by Fabrizio Festa ) , for trumpet and orchestra . Soloists : Paolo Fresu , Cristina Zavalloni
Fabrizio Festa : Clandestino , for voice , trumpet and orchestra . Soloists : Cristina Zavalloni , Paolo Fresu
Nicola Campogrande : Absolut , new version for cello , electric bass and orchestra . Soloists : Robert Cohen , Angelo Liziero
Lorenzo Ferrero : 2 Agosto . Prima variazione , part of Varizioni su un tema di Banchieri per organo e orchestra . Soloist : Roberto Marini
Gianvincenzo Cresta : A Miriam . Con la punta delle dita , part of Varizioni su un tema di Banchieri per organo e orchestra . Soloist : Roberto Marini
Alberto Colla : Ricordo , part of Varizioni su un tema di Banchieri per organo e orchestra . Soloist : Roberto Marini
Bryan Johanson : Fresco , part of Varizioni su un tema di Banchieri per organo e orchestra . Soloist : Roberto Marini
Tatsuji Toyozumi : Voices – Little Things
Tomi Räisänen : Voices – Fortuna Favoris
Pedro Ravares : Voices – Baião
Simone Santini : Voices – La forza debole
Michele Corcella : Raggi di un sogno nascente , for four ocarinas , clarinet , mandolin , fisarmonica , and ensemble synthesizers , electric guitar , bass guitar , drum kit )
Roberto Molinelli : Zorn Hoffnung Gesang , for violin and orchestra . Soloist : Domenico Nordio
Giovanni Di Giandomenico/Valentina Casesa/Roberto Prezioso/Giuseppe Ricotta/Giulia Tagliavia : Dedica – omaggio a Giuseppe Verdi , for soprano , mezzo-soprano , voice , baritone
Claudio Lolli : Piazza Bella Piazza , arrangement and orchestration by Michele Corcella
Cinzia Venturoli , Valerio Corzani and Fabrizio Festa : Resistenza
Francesco Maggio : Di Morsi e Rimorsi
Federico Torri , Benedetta Zamboni , Jacopo Aliboni : Tre per Tre
The Winners
Commissioned pieces
Some of the commissioned pieces by the organizers and performed out of Competition during the Concerto in Piazza Maggiore
Marco Betta - Orizzonte - Aria per violin and orchestra - Solista : Cristiano Rossi
Sergio Rendine - Exultate - per voci popolari , and orchestra - Solisti : Fausta Vetere and Antonio Romano
Luis de Pablo - Vendaval - per symphonic orchestra
Carlo Boccadoro - Why ? - per violin , piano and orchestra - Solisti : Cristiano Rossi Danilo Perez
Danilo Perez - Panamerican suite - per vibraphone , piano and orchestra - Solisti : Gary Burton , Danilo Perez
Carlo Pedini - Le strade di Torquato - per percussions -
Ennio Morricone - Non devi dimenticare - per reciting voice , soprano and orchestra
Giovanni Sollima - Guitar Chemistry - per electric guitar and orchestra
Larry Coryell - Sentenza del Cuore - per two electric guitars and orchestra - Solisti : Larry Coryell , Al Di Meola
Leni Stern - I see your face - per voice , choir and orchestra - lyrics by Leni Stern - Solista : Leni Stern
Michael Brecker - African Skies - ( orchestration : Gil Goldstein ) - per tenor saxophone , choir and orchestra - Solista : Michael Brecker
John Psathas - Omnifenix - per tenor saxophone and orchestra - Solista : Michael Brecker
Fabrizio De Rossi Re - Slow Dance - per accordion and orchestra - Solista : Ivano Battiston
Tania Leòn - Horizons - per symphonic orchestra
Françoise Choveaux - Fantasie op . 122 - per clarinet and orchestra - Solista : Guido Arbonelli
Michel Portal - Histoire de vent - ( orchestrations : Marco Biscarini and Daniele Furlati ) - per clarinet and orchestra - Solista : Michel Portal
Uri Caine - In memoriam - per piano solo - Solista : Uri Caine
Paolo Fresu - Venticinque anni dopo - ( orchestrations : Fabrizio Festa ) - per trumpet and orchestra : Solisti : Paolo Fresu , Cristina Zavalloni
Fabrizio Festa - Clandestino - per voice , trumpet and orchestra - Solisti : Cristina Zavalloni , Paolo Fresu
Nicola Campogrande - Absolut - new version per cello , electric bass and orchestra - Solisti : Robert Cohen , Angelo Liziero
Lorenzo Ferrero - 2 Agosto . Prima variazione - Varizioni su un tema di Banchieri per organo e orchestra . Solista : Roberto Marini
Gianvincenzo Cresta - A Miriam . Con la punta delle dita .. - Varizioni su un tema di Banchieri per organo e orchestra . Solista : Roberto Marini
Alberto Colla - Ricordo - Varizioni su un tema di Banchieri per organo e orchestra . Solista : Roberto Marini
Bryan Johanson - Fresco - Varizioni su un tema di Banchieri per organo e orchestra . Solista : Roberto Marini
Tatsuji Toyozumi - Voices - Little Things
Tomi Räisänen - Voices - Fortuna Favoris
Pedro Ravares - Voices - Baião
Simone Santini - Voices - La forza debole
Michele Corcella - Raggi di un sogno nascente - per quattro ocarine , clarinetto , mandolino , fisarmonica ed ensemble ( sintetizzatori , chitarra electrica , basso electrico , batteria )
Roberto Molinelli - “ Zorn Hoffnung Gesang ” - per violino e orchestra Solista : Domenico Nordio
Giovanni Di Giandomenico/Valentina Casesa/Roberto Prezioso/Giuseppe Ricotta/Giulia Tagliavia “ Dedica - omaggio a Giuseppe Verdi ” - per soprano , mezzo-soprano , voce , baritono
Claudio Lolli – Piazza Bella Piazza Arrangiamento e orchestrazione di Michele Corcella
Cinzia Venturoli , Valerio Corzani e Fabrizio Festa - Resistenza
Francesco Maggio - Di Morsi e Rimorsi
Federico Torri , Benedetta Zamboni , Jacopo Aliboni “ Tre per Tre ”
Artwork and image
On the occasion of the XX Edition , the competition has undergone a restyling of the image that led to the creation of a new corporate logo and a new website through which users around the world can participate in the competition via internet .
For the past several years , each edition of the competition is associated with an artwork created by contemporary artists . The work becomes the symbol of the edition and it is on the cover of the libretto of the big final concert , which is held every year in Piazza Maggiore on the evening of August 2 .
References
External links
Sito del Concorso : http : //www.concorso2agosto.it/
Sito dell'Associazione tra i Famigliari delle Vittime della Strage : http : //www.stragi.it/
Sito del Comune di Bologna : http : //www.comune.bologna.it/
Sito della Regione Emilia Romagna : http : //www.regione.emilia-romagna.it/
Sito del Teatro Comunale di Bologna : http : //www.tcbo.it/
Music competitions in Italy
Culture in Bologna
Summer events in Italy
Edwin Lyle Salisbury ( May 31 , 1910 – November 22 , 1986 ) was an American rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics .
They were born in California and died in Sacramento , California .
In 1932 , they won the gold medal as member of the University of California at Berkeley team , which competed for the US in the eights competition . In 1969 the team and its members were entered into the National Rowing Foundation 's Rowing Hall of Fame .
References
1910 births
1986 deaths
American male rowers
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in rowing
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
The 1990 Senior PGA Tour was the 11th season since the Senior PGA Tour officially began in 1980 ( it was renamed the Champions Tour in October 2002 and has been known as PGA Tour Champions since the 2016 season ) . The season consisted of 38 official money events with purses totalling $ 17,800,000 , including four majors . Lee Trevino won the most tournaments , seven . The tournament results , leaders , and award winners are listed below .
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1990 season . `` Date '' is the ending date of the tournament . The numbers in parentheses after the winners ' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event . Senior majors are shown in bold . Golfers winning on their Senior PGA Tour debut are shown in italics .
Source :
Leaders
Scoring Average leaders
Source :
Money List leaders
Source :
Career Money List leaders
Source :
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
The White Girl is a 1990 drama film written , produced and directed by Tony Brown and starring Troy Beyer and Taimak .
Premise
A young African American college student , a judge 's daughter , battles a cocaine addiction , or as the substance is known on the streets , the white girl .
Filming
Brown , who used $ 2 million of their own money to have The White Girl produced , also deferred some of their income from their production of their television shows as part of making it . Filming was scheduled to begin in September 1987 . Duke University and North Carolina Central University were two of the filming locations .
African-Americans made up about 80 % of the film crew . Caryn James The New York Times stated that the use of black crew was `` more significant and effective than anything [ Brown ] has put on screen . ''
Rating
The Motion Picture Association of America gave the film an `` R '' rating , something Brown disapproved of and appealed , since they feared it would turn people off from seeing it . The rating later changed to PG-13 . Mathews stated that `` With the exception of one moderately strong slang word , `` The White Girl '' would seem to be as easily acceptable for general TV viewing . ''
Reception
Roger Ebert ranked the film two stars , stating that it `` is predictable and not especially profound , but it 's interesting because it deals realistically with the kinds of pressures that might exist in such a situation '' . Jack Mathews of the Los Angeles Times described the film as `` essentially a morality play about a middle-class black college girl who becomes vulnerable to drug addiction because of family pressures placed on them to succeed among whites . '' James concluded that `` as a movie The White Girl is hopeless '' , and stated that it `` is so sincere , blunt and awkward it resembles a 94-minute-long public service message about the dangers of drugs . '' Hal Hinson of the Washington Post stated that they were unable to take the film in a serious manner and that Brown `` does n't have the talent to convey '' the `` serious message '' present in the film .
References
External links
1990 drama films
1990 films
Films about drugs
American drama films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Seeds of Corruption is the 1973 novel by the Egyptian writer Sabri Moussa . Critics considered the novel to be a gateway into modernism for 1960s and 1970s literature . The novel was selected among the 100 best Arabic novels list .
Summary
The novel revolves around an Italian traveler called Nicola . Nicola comes to the Egyptian desert , gets amazed by it , and decides to settle there until the end of their life .
The novel 's value resides in its being the first Egyptian literary work taking place fully in the desert , especially after a desert of choosing the city or countryside as the two settings for literary works . The novel also focuses on the lives of Bedouins instead of fishers and coastal life . The modernism in the novel stems from the way the novel connects the events with the setting , and how the setting is so relevant that it feels as if it is its own independent character . Moussa does this through in-depth descriptions of the setting .
Analysis
The novel describes the mountain 's ancientness . The researcher notices that this establishes two goals in the context of the text . Firstly , this place is as old as Earth , and the effects of thousands of years can only result in jags and concavities , whereas a few years of colonialism and greed in this mountain resulted in holes thousands of meters deep – as a result of explosive chemicals – presenting a contradictory idea between nature 's subtle effect over thousands of years and human 's destructive effects over a few years .
The novel describes Nicola as stateless . This description is paradoxical , as Nicola is not root-less ; they are originally from a town in the Caucasus , but they settled in Turkey where their father works before settling in Italy themselves where they worked and got married and had their daughter . They come to Jabal Darhīb initially for mining purposes , to look for precious metals , particularly talc . Then , they get enchanted by the place and its many legends , and its tribes whose origins go back to the Caucasus . Therefore , the term “ stateless ” becomes a confirmation of Nicola 's daily self-torture as they want to purify themselves until they become a rock and a landmark in the place , just like their great-grandfather ( Coca Lonca ) was able to become a rock and make their own legend .
Sabri Moussa uses empty space in the novel to refer to the place that the panoramic eye looks at to look for something specific . For example , when talking about their attempts to find Nicola and their grandchild , the narrator talks about how each of them could sense Nicola in that desert emptiness . In this context , the members of Al-Bushariya tribe , the natives of this place , appear , unwelcoming of these foreigners that consist of two groups : Foreigners coming for mining purposes and Egyptian investors . Both of these groups share the same goal and have one thing in common , and it is that they consider this place devoid of people or tribes , living in it for hundreds , or perhaps thousands of years . Therefore , considering it a place that no one belongs to , allowing themselves to take over it with negotiations with the authorities who look at the natives as mere minorities in the country 's margins , without value or right to the place or to belong to it .
References
Arabic literature
Egyptian writers
Egyptian literature
1973 novels
Gorslwyd is an area in the community of Llanddona , Ynys Môn , Wales , which is 131.5 miles ( 211.5 km ) from Cardiff and 209.1 miles ( 336.5 km ) from London .
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
The Iran Language Institute , abbreviated as ILI ( ) is a state-owned , non-profit organization founded in 1979 in Iran with the national mission of developing foreign language learning . It is a subsidiary of Institute for the Intellectual Development . The headquarters of this institute is located in the country 's capital , Tehran . The ILI , currently having around 200 centers in 73 cities , offers language courses in Persian , English , French , German , Russian , Spanish and Arabic to around 240,000 learners .
Before 1979
The Iran Language Institute , previously referred to as Iran–America Society , was established in 1925 in Tehran . In the past , Iran America Society provided various educational services including teaching English to business people and employees in both public and private sectors , and also teaching Persian to foreigners .
After the Islamic Revolution , this society affiliated with the Institute for the Intellectual Development of Children and Young Adults and , therefore , expanded its services .
Levels to go before TOEFL ( English )
Basic ( in 3 books )
Elementary ( in 3 books )
Pre Intermediate ( in 3 books )
Intermediate ( in 3 books )
High Intermediate ( in 3 books ) + A Mini Dictionary
Advanced ( in 3 books ) + A Mini Dictionary
Advancedes term is for exams tofel
and ielts and Jce and sce and pte .
Arabic Levels
Basic / ( in 1 book )
Elementary / ( in 4 books )
Intermediate / ( in 4 books )
Advanced / ( in 4 books )
French
The French department of the ILI was established in 1981 . At the beginning , there were only 5 levels of general and audio visual classes , but now there are 20 levels ranging from the beginning to advanced classes held in Tehran and some other cities including Mashhad , Esfahan , Tabriz , Shiraz , and Karaj .
German
The German department of the ILI , established in 1993 in cooperation with Carl Duisburg Center , has always tried to use modern teaching methods . There are nine levels based on Schritte series , and five complementary levels based on Aspekte method .
Schritte educational package is used in the first nine levels from GA1 to GA9 . This is one of the newest packages for learning German which has been published in six volumes by Hueber publications . Those who successfully finish the course will be able to communicate and compose letters in German . In this method , grammar is presented in a simple and understandable way and vocabulary items are presented along with appealing pictures .
Aspekte educational package is used in the second five levels from MA1 to MA5 . It has been published in two volumes by Langenscheidt . Using this method , the learners get familiar with longer and more difficult written texts and audios . They will also be able to enrich their knowledge of grammar and vocabulary and strengthen their writing and speaking skills to an advanced level . They will also get familiar with the German literature .
Spanish
The international examination of Spanish ( DELE ) is simultaneously administered in 86 countries by Servantes Institute every year . The exam is administered in three levels ( Básico , Intermedio , Superiory ) in Iran by the embassy of Spain . Considering the growing political , cultural , and business relations between Iran and the Spanish speaking countries , the ILI has established the Spanish language department using methods and textbooks approved by Instituto Cervantes in Madrid .
Spanish Courses for Adults are in Elementary , Intermediate , Advanced , and Upper Advanced levels .
See also
Education in Iran
Institute for the Intellectual Development of Children and Young Adults
Iran–America Society
References
External links
Official ILI webSite
Useful Files Iranian languages ( Persian )
Education in Iran
Non-profit organisations based in Iran
The Finnish diaspora consists of Finnish emigrants and their descendants , especially those that maintain some of the customs of their Finnish culture . Finns emigrated to the United Kingdom , the United States , France , Canada , Australia , Argentina , New Zealand , Sweden , Norway , Russia , Germany , Israel and Brazil .
The Great Migration
The years between 1870 and 1930 are sometimes referred as 'the Great Migration ' of Finns into North America . In the 1870s , there were only 3,000 migrants from Finland , but this figure was rapidly growing . New migrants often sent letters home , describing their life in the New World , and this encouraged more and more people to leave and try their luck in America . Rumors began of the acres of land that could be cleared into vast productive fields and the opportunity to earn `` a barrel of American dollars '' in mines , factories , and railroads . There were also professional recruiters , or 'agents ' , employed by mining and shipping companies , who encouraged Finns to move to the United States . This activity was frowned upon by the authorities of the Grand Duchy , and was mostly done in secret . It was eventually brought to an end in the late 1880s by legislation in the United States , but the decade still saw a 12-fold increase in the number of Finnish migrants compared to the previous decade , as 36,000 Finns left their home country for North America .
Gallery
References
The cervical spinal nerve 7 ( C7 ) is a spinal nerve of the cervical segment .
It originates from the spinal column from above the cervical vertebra 7 ( C7 ) .
It runs through the interspace between the C6 and C7 vertebrae .
Additional Images
References
Spinal nerves
Rattling Run is a tributary of Little Mahanoy Creek in Schuylkill County , Pennsylvania , in the United States . It is approximately long and flows through Butler Township and Gordon . The watershed of the stream has an area of . The stream is not designated as an impaired waterbody and is several miles from the Western Middle Anthracite Field . The Gordon Reservoir is located within its watershed . The watershed of Rattling Run is a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery .
Course
Rattling Run begins on a mountain in Butler Township . It flows west-southwest for a few tenths of a mile before turning northwest and flowing through the Gordon Reservoir . The stream then turns west-southwest for several tenths of a mile , entering a valley and flowing alongside Highridge Park Road/Gordon Mountain Road . It then turns northwest for several tenths of a mile before turning north-northwest and entering Gordon . Here , it leaves its valley and continues flowing north-northwest . After a few tenths of a mile , it reaches its confluence with Little Mahanoy Creek .
Rattling Run joins Little Mahanoy Creek upstream of its mouth .
Hydrology
Rattling Run is not designated as an impaired waterbody . In general , the mouth of Rattling Run was found to have a slightly lower pH and slightly lower nutrient concentrations than Little Mahanoy Creek .
The discharge of Rattling Run was measured to be in March 2001 and in August 2001 . The concentrations of dissolved oxygen were , respectively . In March 2001 , the pH of the stream was 5.7 and the net alkalinity concentration was , while in August 2001 , the pH was 6.5 .
The concentration of dissolved aluminum in Rattling Run was in March 2001 and . The concentrations of dissolved manganese and iron in the stream were in March 2001 and in August 2001 .
The dissolved nitrate concentration in Rattling Run was in March 2001 and in August 2001 . The dissolved phosphorus concentration was in March and less than in August . The dissolved sulfate concentration was in March and August 2001 , respectively .
Geography and geology
The elevation near the mouth of Rattling Run is above sea level . The elevation of the stream 's source is above sea level .
Rattling Run is a few miles to the south of the Western Middle Anthracite Field . The stream has experienced some erosion along the sides and bottom of its channel .
Watershed
The watershed of Rattling Run has an area of . The mouth of the stream is in the United States Geological Survey quadrangle of Ashland . However , its source is in the quadrangle of Minersville .
A reservoir known as the Gordon Reservoir is on Rattling Run . In 1970 , it was owned by the Butler Township Water Company .
The designated use for Rattling Run is aquatic life .
Rattling Run flooded during Hurricane Agnes in April 1972 , causing $ 350,000 in damage and significant damage to nearby structures .
History
Rattling Run was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on August 2 , 1979 . Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System is 1184693 .
Rattling Run was stocked with 1000 adult and yearling rainbow trout at least once in the early 1900s . Improvements were made to the stream in 1937 . Flood control proposals for Rattling Run in Gordon were made in 1976 .
A steel culvert bridge carrying Gordon Mountain Road over Rattling Run was built in 1959 and is long .
In June 1991 , it was reported that raw sewage was being piped from homes directly into Rattling Run and Little Mahanoy Creek .
Biology
In 2001 , neither fish nor macroinvertebrates were observed in Rattling Run at Gordon . The stream is classified as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery .
See also
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
List of tributaries of Mahanoy Creek
References
Further reading
External links
USGS 0155521486 Rattling Run at Gordon , PA
Rivers of Schuylkill County , Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Mahanoy Creek
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Seoul Metropolitan City Route 30 ( ) is a trunk road located in Seoul , South Korea . With a total length of , this road starts from the Naegok-dong in Seocho District , Seoul to Wolgok-dong in Seongbuk District .
Stopovers
Seoul
Seocho District - Gangnam District - Seongdong District - Dongdaemun District - Seongbuk District
List of Facilities
IS : Intersection , IC : Interchange
References
Roads in Seoul
The 57th Norwegian Biathlon Championships were held in Sirdal , Vest-Agder , Norway from 25 March to 29 March 2015 at the stadium Feed skiarena , arranged by Tonstad IL . There were a total of 8 scheduled competitions : sprint , individual , and relay races for men and women ; and a pursuit for the women and a mass start for the men . A pursuit race after the sprint race was scheduled for the men , but that was changed to a mass start race with 60 participants so as to include some of the elite team that had been delayed by the weather and so had been unable to compete in the sprint race . Among these were Emil Hegle Svendsen and Tarjei Bø .
Ole Einar Bjørndalen did not participate in any races due to a cold they had picked up in the last round of the World Cup in Khanty-Mansiysk .
Schedule
All times are local ( UTC+1 ) .
Medal winners
Men
Women
References
External links
Norwegian Biathlon Championships
2015 in biathlon
2015 in Norwegian sport
Hallbergmoos station is a railway station on the Munich S-Bahn in the town of Hallbergmoos in the northeast area of Munich , Germany . It is served by the S-Bahn line .
References
Munich S-Bahn stations
Railway stations in Bavaria
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1992
Jodi Anne Hauptman ( born October 20 , 1964 ) is an American art historian and curator . Hauptman is the Senior Curator of Prints and Drawings at the Museum of Modern Art .
Career
Hauptman graduated from the Smithtown Central School District in 1982 . They then earned a Bachelor of Arts from Princeton University in 1986 , and later received a Master of Arts and a Doctor of Philosophy in Art History from Yale University in 1995 . They wrote a doctoral dissertation on the artist Joseph Cornell .
In 2001 , Hauptman received the Charles C. Eldredge Prize from the Smithsonian American Art Museum for their book on Cornell published two years earlier . A year later , they joined the Museum of Modern Art , and was promoted to Senior Curator of Prints and Drawings there in 2014 . There , Hauptman has organized exhibitions on the artists Paul Cézanne , Edgar Degas , Fernand Léger , Henri Matisse , and Georges Seurat , while publishing on others such as Sonia Delaunay-Terk , Odilon Redon , Medardo Rosso , Léopold Survage , and Sophie Taeuber-Arp , in addition to Cornell .
See also
List of Princeton University alumni
List of Yale University people
References
External links
Museum of Modern Art profile
Living people
1964 births
21st-century American women
American art curators
American women curators
Women art historians
Yale University alumni
Princeton University alumni
People associated with the Museum of Modern Art ( New York City )
Live @ the Zanzibar ( also titled as Live PA # 11 : Live @ the Zanzibar ) is a live album released on May 12 , 2009 by the Washington , D.C.-based go-go band Rare Essence . The album was recorded live on March 18 , 2009 at the now defunct music venue `` Zanzibar on the Waterfont '' , formerly located in Southwest , Washington , D.C .
Track listing
`` Intro '' – 0:46
`` Hey Young World '' – 4:36
`` Miss Independent '' – 8:56
`` All the Way to Heaven '' – 9:22
`` Party Lights '' – 7:27
`` Blame It '' – 7:56
`` Happy Birthday '' – 7:29
`` Move If You Wan na '' – 6:25
`` Show Off '' – 7:33
`` Ur Lookin Luvable '' – 6:31
`` Got Money '' – 5:17
References
External links
Live @ the Zanzibar at Discogs
2009 live albums
Rare Essence albums
Chile competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 September to 18 September 2016 .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Delegation
The country sent a team of 15 athletes , 7 men and 8 women , along with 3 officials to the 2016 Summer Paralympics . The competed in athletics , canoe sprint , powerlifting , swimming , table tennis and wheelchair tennis ..
Wheelchair tennis
Chile qualified one competitor in the men 's single event , Robinson Mendez . This spot was a result of a Bipartite Commission Invitation place . Chile qualified two competitors in the women 's singles event . Francisca Mardones earned their spot via the standard qualification process . Macarena Cabrillana earned their spot via a Bipartite Commission Invitation place .
See also
Chile at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Chile
Disability in Chile
RNLB Queen Victoria is an historic shore-based lifeboat , built in 1887 , operated by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution ( RNLI ) , and now preserved at The Shipwreck Centre , Arreton , Isle of Wight .
A rowing boat , Queen Victoria operated from Bembridge on the Isle of Wight from 1887 to 1902 . It was then purchased by one of its crew , who converted it for use as a houseboat .
In 1989 Martin Woodward , then coxswain of the Bembridge lifeboat , purchased Queen Victoria and , after several years of fundraising , the boat was finally restored in 1998 , at the Classic Boat Museum , in East Cowes .
The boat is now under the flight attendantship of the Isle of Wight Historic Lifeboat Trust , a registered charity , and is seaworthy .
1999 it was taken to the BBC Television Centre in London to appear on the BBC television programme Blue Peter , to mark the RNLI 's 175th anniversary .
References
Boats
Isle of Wight
The Synagogue of Trieste ( Italian : Tempio Israelitico di Trieste ) is a Jewish house of worship located in the city of Trieste , northern Italy .
History
It was built under Austrian rule , between 1908 and 1912 , and bears the hallmark of architects Ruggero and Arduino Berlam . The synagogue was unveiled in 1912 in the presence of municipal officials , and it replaced the four smaller ones ( Scholae ) that previously existed , from mid 18th century , and which were based on an architectural model quite common in the North-East of Italy , with rectangular rooms with rows of pews orientated towards the centre or the eastern side ; inside , they were delicately decorated and furnished but showed a humble and anonymous aspect from the outside .
The Great Temple was meant to satisfy the religious need of a growing Community that , in 1938 , had almost 6,000 members . For its construction an international contest was organized , but it had no results . The synagogue was closed in 1942 following the instigation of the race laws under the Fascist regime . It was devastated by fascist squads and later , during the Nazi occupation , it was used as a storehouse for works of art and books seized from the Jewish houses . The ritual silvers of the Community were preserved from the plunder thanks to a clever hiding place inside the very building . As soon as the war finished the synagogue went back into operation . Today it is recognised as one of the largest and most important places of worship for Jews in Europe .
Interior
The size and structure of the building clearly define it as a synagogue of the emancipation period , in which the main prayer room , with a rectangular floor plan , divides itself into three naves ending with the majestic apse and its vault with golden mosaic . The whole room is orientated towards a monumental aròn with copper doors , surmounted by an pink granite aedicule which sustains the tables of the law with four columns . At its sides , two big menoròt , bronze candelabra with seven branches , leaning on a marble balustrade with wheatsheaf , symbols of the Community of Trieste . On the ceiling , elegant pendants , banded decorations edging the dome with geometrical patterns , trees and stars and other bands on the great arches quoting verses from the book of the Psalms and showing trees of life . Above the aròn , on three sides , the beautiful balcony which used to be the women 's gallery and that , nowadays , is not used anymore because of security reasons and the small dimensions of the Community . In this gallery , above the entrance door and under a barrel vault , there is a big organ with pipes framed by stars of David .
Architectural style
Different architectural styles have successfully blended into this building , whose essence is represented by four powerful marble pillars supporting an imposing central dome .
The style has been described as follows :
References
Jewish Community of Trieste Official website
Synagogues of Europe , P. 372 , Carole Herselle Krinsky
Synagogues in Italy
Orthodox synagogues in Italy
Buildings and structures in Trieste
Synagogues completed in 1912
Andrew Comrie-Picard ( born April 28 , 1971 ) is a Canadian race car driver , X Games athlete , stuntman , and TV personality . In 2003 they left a career as a young New York City entertainment lawyer to pursue a career in race driving . They have since won international and American championships , hosted and produced internationally-distributed automotive TV shows , and designed , coordinated , and driven stunts in feature film and television .
Racing :
Comrie-Picard has competed at the top levels of Pro Rally Racing ( driving for Mitsubishi , Toyota , and Ford ) , Pro Drifting ( Dodge Viper ) , desert off-road racing ( two-time Baja1000 class winner ) , Short Course off-road , Hillclimb ( Pikes Peak International Hillclimb record-holder ) , and Endurance circuit racing . They are a 5-time X Games athlete in Rally Car Racing and Rallycross . At X Games 16 they won the bronze medal in Rally Car Racing . They won the 2009 North American Rally Cup championship overall in a Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution IX and in 2014 the John Woodner Cup for First Overall in the American 2WD Championship . They are one of the four drivers ( with Tanner Foust , Travis Pastrana , and Ken Block ) to compete at the first five X Games where Rally Car Racing was featured : X Games 12 ( 2006 ) , X Games 13 ( 2007 ) , X Games 14 ( 2008 ) , X Games 15 ( 2009 ) , and X Games 16 ( 2010 )
Stunts :
Comrie-Picard was a consulting producer and stunt coordinator in several seasons of Top Gear USA on the History Channel and appears as a stunt driver in recent Tyler Perry , Arnold Schwarzenegger , Charlize Theron , Deadpool , and Fast and Furious films . On television they designed and tested an extreme stunt course for Netflix Hyperdrive , and coached competitors from around the world in their attempts to complete it . They have stunt coordinated The Fastest Car ( Netflix ) , and has performed stunts in a number of commercials and television shows including NCIS New Orleans , in which they doubled Scott Bakula .
TV Hosting :
Their acting and television hosting centers on automobiles : they have co-hosted the Canadian Rally Championship on the CHUM and A-Channel networks , Targa Newfoundland on SpeedTV and Rogers Cable , hosted the reality show `` War of the Wheels '' on Global , and was an `` extreme auto '' correspondent for The New Drivers ' Seat TV on CHUM and A-Channel . They co-hosted with car designer Chip Foose and fabricator Lou Santiago a show for the Discovery Channel called `` Ultimate Car Buildoff '' . In 2011 , Comrie-Picard hosted a special called BattleXross on SpeedTV in which they set up a stunt course for two top extreme drivers to compete on . In 2013 they hosted a series of Yahoo ! Autos videos , and in 2014 they hosted a GranTurismo6 launch segment . They have hosted Ford 's Truth About Trucks video series 2014–2021 . In 2017 , their auto build/stunt show `` Car Saviors '' aired on Discovery Channel ; the pilot episode saw Comrie-Picard drift a 1977 Rolls-Royce Silver Shadow that they and their co-host Brian Scotto had fitted with a new Mopar Hemi engine and other performance upgrades .
Trivia :
-He has five university degrees , including an M.A . from Trinity College , Oxford , a B.A . from The University of Trinity College ( University of Toronto ) , and MBA and LL.B . ( law ) degrees from McGill University .
-He was a competitive rower at both Oxford and McGill , and a member of the Oxford Stunt Factory .
-In 1992 Comrie-Picard was appointed the Scribe , or head , of the secretive Episkopon society at Trinity College , Toronto . Comrie-Picard took the society underground by disassociating with the college , after the administration demanded that Episkopon develop a constitution and Comrie-Picard refused . They told the Canadian national Globe and Mail newspaper , `` It 's satire , it 's humour . It does n't need a constitution and it does n't need to be approved . ''
-He is a wine enthusiast who worked in Bordeaux , France , ran the wine societies at the University of Toronto and the University of Oxford , and competed on the Oxford University Blind Winetasting team .
-He is a member of the international GoodGear expedition that will attempt to circumnavigate the globe with wheeled and amphibious vehicles without leaving the Earth 's surface , passing through both poles , starting in 2022 . The aim of the expedition is to promote and utilize positive new technologies to advance the understanding of , and contribute to the dataset for , responsible management of the planet
-In 2017 they founded ZipTire in Los Angeles , an innovative service business that brings vans containing fully-equipped tire stores to customers ' homes or places of work
They live in Los Angeles with their wife and two daughters .
Racing detail : Overall Rally results of note : Wins at 2006 Sno * Drift Rally in Michigan , 2007 Rallye Perce-Neige in Quebec , 2009 Rally Colorado , 2010 Oregon Trail Rally . Won the Targa Newfoundland road rally in the competition debut of the Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution X ( 2008 ) and again in 2012 . In 2010 at Pikes Peak crashed at Engineer 's Corner . In 2011 , after several seasons of rallying in the top-level AWD category , Comrie-Picard returned to rally competition in the 2WD category , campaigning a manufacturer-backed 2011 Scion xD in selected Rally America events . They also drove a Mark IV Toyota Supra to second place in the Modern division at Targa Newfoundland , after coming in sixth in the same car in 2010 . They competed on the Baja 1000 desert race in 2011 and 2013 in a Class 10 Baja Challenge buggy for BFGoodrich ; they and their team won the class in 2013 . In 2012 and 2013 they continued to drive for Scion in Rally America competition , finishing 2nd in the 2WD category championship in both seasons . They also competed in the 2012 and 2013 Pikes Peak International Hillclimb with a version of the Scion xD . Coming off the successful 3-year development program with the Scion Rally Team , in January 2014 `` ACP '' moved over to Ford Racing and Team O'Neil , driving a Ford Fiesta ST developed by Team O'Neil and M-Sport to compete for the 2014 Rally America 2WD Championship . In July 2014 , they secured the 2014 Rally America 2WD Championship with two events remaining , and in the 2014 season took five firsts , two seconds , and a third . They also secured seventeen consecutive podiums 2012–2014 , and for only the second time in a decade of Rally America history , put a 2wd car on the overall national podium . In July 2017 , Andrew Comrie-Picard returned to rally competition in the American Rally Association series New England Forest Rally , for the gravel rally debut of the Ford Focus RS developed by Team O'Neil . The new car , which had earlier competed for the first time at the Mount Washington Hill Climb , placed first in Production4WD class and fourth overall .
Canadian Rally Championship Results
They currently rank 21st in lifetime points , with 1340pts .
Complete Rally America results
References
External links
Official website
Canadian television sportscasters
Canadian rally drivers
Canadian lawyers
Alumni of Trinity College , Oxford
Trinity College ( Canada ) alumni
1971 births
Living people
The second incarnation of CBS Corporation ( the first being a short-lived rename of the Westinghouse Electric Corporation ) was an American multinational media conglomerate with interests primarily in commercial broadcasting , publishing , and television production . It was one of the two companies formed from the December 31 , 2005 spin-off of the Viacom assets of the original Viacom , as founded by Ralph Baruch in 1952 as CBS Television Film Sales . It was one of two companies which succeeded the original incarnation of Viacom , alongside the second incarnation of Viacom ; both were controlled by National Amusements , a theater company controlled by billionaire Sumner Redstone . The spin-off was structured so that CBS Corporation would be the legal successor to the first Viacom , with the second Viacom being an entirely separated company .
CBS Corporation comprised the over-the-air television ( CBS and The CW ) broadcasting , television production and distribution , publishing , pay-cable , and recording assets that were previously owned by the first Viacom . It was the world 's eighth largest entertainment company in terms of revenue , and headquartered at the CBS Building in Midtown Manhattan , New York City .
The second merger between CBS Corporation and Viacom , creating the combined company ViacomCBS ( now Paramount Global ) , was completed on December 4 , 2019 .
Background
The first incarnation of Viacom was created in 1952 as the television syndication division of CBS , and was spun off in 1971 . However , in 1999 , Viacom acquired its former parent , by this time also named CBS Corporation , formerly Westinghouse Electric . The prior CBS Corporation also owned CMT and The Nashville Network , which remained Viacom properties after the 2005 split , but the prior CBS did not own UPN , Showtime , Paramount Television , Paramount Parks , or Simon & Schuster .
History
Early history
In March 2005 , Viacom contemplated splitting the company into two publicly traded companies , amid issues of the stock price stagnating ( although it was alleged that another main force behind the split was the Super Bowl XXXVIII halftime show controversy , which led to MTV not being allowed to produce any more halftime shows , they had also produced the show for Super Bowl XXXV , the first Super Bowl CBS aired since regaining NFL rights and becoming MTV 's corporate sibling ) .
On June 14 , 2005 , the Viacom board of directors approved the split of the company into two firms . The CBS Corporation name would be revived for one of the companies , to be headed by longtime television executive ( and Viacom co-President ) Les Moonves , and would include the namesake television network CBS , UPN , Infinity Broadcasting Corporation , Viacom Outdoor , Showtime Networks , and Paramount Television .
The split was structured such that the second Viacom was spun off from the first Viacom , which was renamed CBS Corporation . In a sense , this was a repeat of the 1971 spinoff . However , in this case , CBS retained virtually all of the prior firm 's broadcast television assets , including its various syndication companies .
With the split , the two companies began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on January 3 , 2006 . Investors anticipated Viacom benefiting from the split , but instead , it dropped approximately 20 percent , while CBS Corporation rose 9 percent , that same year , Paramount Parks became a wholly-owned theme park unit of CBS Corporation .
Subsequent developments
In January 2006 , CBS and DIC Entertainment signed a multi-year deal in which DIC bought the Saturday morning airtime as `` CBS 's Saturday Morning Secret Slumber Party '' . In June 2006 , DiC added a production partner AOL 's KOL . Thus , this block would be called `` KOL 's Saturday Morning Secret Slumber Party on CBS '' .
On January 24 , 2006 , CBS Corporation and Warner Bros. created a new broadcast network , The CW . The network officially debuted on September 18 , 2006 . The network formally debuted on September 20 with the 2-hour premiere of America 's Next Top Model . The network is the result of a merger of The WB ( a Warner Bros. holding ) and UPN ( a CBS Corporation holding ) . CBS Corporation and Time Warner each own 50 % of the network . Tribune Broadcasting ( which previously owned a 25 % stake on The WB ) and CBS Corporation contributed its stations as new network affiliates .
On May 23 , 2006 , CBS Corporation sold Paramount Parks to the Cedar Fair Entertainment Company . With this acquisition , Cedar Fair became the third-largest theme park operator . On June 30 , 2006 , Cedar Fair completed its acquisition of Paramount Parks from CBS Corporation in a cash transaction valued at US $ 1.24 billion . The transaction included a 10-year license that allowed Cedar Fair to use the Paramount name in the parks through the 2017 season .
On February 7 , 2007 , CBS sold seven stations in Providence , Rhode Island , Austin , Texas , Salt Lake City and West Palm Beach , Florida to Cerberus Capital Management for US $ 185 million . It sold another station , WFRV-TV in Green Bay , Wisconsin , and its satellite station , WJMN-TV in Escanaba , Michigan , to Liberty Media on February 13 , 2007 . News reports estimate the deal at about US $ 234 million . CBS is swapping the stations and US $ 170 million in cash for 7.59 million shares of CBS common stock held by Liberty Media .
On February 26 , 2007 , CBS began investing in Electric Sheep , which is a virtual world content developer . CBS hired Electric Sheep to develop some projects , including the creation of `` The L-Word in Second Life '' . CBS also shot a commercial within the virtual world Second Life to promote its show Two and a Half Men . Another project that Electric Sheep was working on for CBS was a Star Trek-themed area in Second Life . By investing in Electric Sheep , CBS hoped to expand its activity `` beyond the living room '' . On March 20 , CBS/CSTV had acquired MaxPreps , an online high school sports network . On April 12 , CBS Corporation created the CBS Interactive Audience Network . On May 30 , 2007 , CBS Interactive bought Last.fm for £140 million .
On May 15 , 2008 , CBS Interactive agreed to buy CNET Networks for $ 1.8 billion , with the deal due to close in the third quarter of 2008 . On July 2 CBS acquired CNET and put it under CBS Interactive .
On February 14 , 2013 , CBS acquired a minority stake in AXS TV in exchange for programming and marketing . On March 26 , CBS and Lionsgate entered a 50/50 joint venture to operate the TV Guide Network ( TVGN ) and TVGuide.com . On May 31 , CBS bought the remaining half of TV Guide Digital from Lionsgate . The latter still retained its share of TVGN ( later rebranded as Pop ) until it was acquired by CBS on March 12 , 2019 . On July 16 , CBS agreed to sell CBS Outdoor International to Platinum Equity for about $ 225M . The CBS Outdoor division began trading as a separate company on the NYSE under `` CBSO '' on March 28 , 2014 . CBS Outdoor would be fully divested from CBS by July into an independent real estate investment trust , renamed as Outfront Media .
On November 17 , 2017 , CBS Corporation sold CBS Radio to Entercom , making that company the second-largest owner of radio stations in the United States .
In the same year , CBS purchased Australian broadcaster Network 10 . The network was previously in voluntary administration .
As of November 2018 , CBS Corporation ranked 197th on the Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by revenue . CBS Corp. sold Television City to Los Angeles real estate investment company Hackman Capital Partners for $ 750 million in a deal finalized in mid-December 2018 . The deal gives the buyer the right to use the Television City name . Programs produced at Television City will continue to be based there as will CBS ' international unit headquarters .
Re-merger deal with Viacom
On September 29 , 2016 , National Amusements sent a letter to the company and Viacom , encouraging the two companies to merge back into one company . On December 12 , the deal was called off .
On January 12 , 2018 , CNBC reported that Viacom had re-entered talks to merge back into CBS Corporation , after AT & T 's purchase of Time Warner was planned and Disney 's plan to acquire bulk of 21st Century Fox assets and the heavy competition from companies such as Netflix and Amazon . Shortly afterward , it was reported that the combined company could be a suitor for acquiring the film studio Lionsgate ( which handled US distribution and global sales for CBS Films ) . A re-merger could benefit CBS 's streaming service CBS All Access , as it could potentially have access to content from core Viacom brands such as Comedy Central , MTV , and Nickelodeon , as well as the Paramount Pictures library . Viacom 's international presence could also benefit distribution .
On March 30 , 2018 , CBS made an all-stock offer slightly below Viacom 's market value and insisting that its existing leadership , including long-time chairperson and CEO Les Moonves , oversee the re-combined company . Viacom rejected the offer as being too low , requesting an increase by $ 2.8 billion , and requesting that Bob Bakish be maintained as president and COO under Moonves . It was reported these conflicts had resulted from Shari Redstone seeking more control over CBS and its leadership .
Eventually , on May 14 , 2018 , CBS Corporation sued National Amusements and accused Shari Redstone of abusing their voting power and forcing a merger that was not supported by it or Viacom . CBS also accused Redstone of discouraging Verizon Communications from acquiring it , which could have been beneficial to its shareholders .
On May 23 , 2018 , Les Moonves stated that they considered the Viacom channels to be an `` albatross , '' and while they favored more content for CBS All Access , they believed that there were better deals for CBS than the Viacom deal , such as Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , Lionsgate or Sony Pictures . Moonves also considered Bakish a threat as they never wanted an ally of Shari Redstone as a board member of the combined company . Following Moonves ' resignation due to sexual harassment allegations , National Amusements agreed in September 2018 to defer any proposal of a CBS-Viacom merger for at least two years after the date of the settlement .
On May 30 , 2019 , CNBC reported that CBS Corporation and Viacom would explore merger discussions in mid-June 2019 . The company 's board of directors was revamped with people who are open to a merger and the talks were made possible with the resignation of Moonves , who opposed all attempts for a Viacom merger . The talks had started following rumors of CBS acquiring Starz from Lionsgate . Reports said that CBS and Viacom reportedly set August 8 as an informal deadline for reaching an agreement to recombine the two media companies . As part of the re-merger deal , CBS acquired Viacom for up to $ 15.4 billion .
On August 13 , 2019 , CBS and Viacom agreed to merge into a new entity known as ViacomCBS , with Viacom CEO Bob Bakish as president and CEO of the new company and CBS CEO Ianniello as chairperson and CEO of CBS and oversee CBS-branded assets . Shari Redstone will also serve as chairperson of ViacomCBS . On October 29 , 2019 , National Amusements approved the re-merger deal , to be completed by early December 2019 , with the recombined company trading on Nasdaq under the symbol `` VIAC '' and `` VIACA '' after CBS delist its shares on the NYSE . On December 4 , the deal was completed , with the merger structured such that CBS Corporation absorbed Viacom and changed its name to ViacomCBS .
Corporate governance
The board of directors of CBS Corporation included :
Candace K. Beinecke
Barbara M. Byrne
Gary L. Countryman
Brian Goldner
Linda M. Griego
Robert N. Klieger
Martha L. Minow
Shari Redstone ( vice-chair )
Sumner Redstone ( chairperson emeritus )
Susan Schuman
Frederick O. Terrell
Strauss Zelnick ( interim chairperson )
Philanthropy
In September 2018 , CBS , together with former CEO Moonves , donated $ 20 million to groups supporting the # MeToo movement .
See also
Westinghouse Electric Corporation , an old instance of the company , purchased by the old Viacom in 1999 .
CBS Television Stations , the holding company that assumes operation of CBS Corp. 's television stations .
Concentration of media ownership and Media conglomerate
MTV Networks/BET Networks , part of the new Paramount Global corporation .
Notes
References
External links
Official website ( archived , 1 Dec 2018 )
Predecessors of Paramount Global
2005 establishments in New York City
2019 disestablishments in New York ( state )
American companies established in 2005
American companies disestablished in 2019
Defunct broadcasting companies of the United States
Companies based in Manhattan
Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Conglomerate companies established in 2005
Conglomerate companies disestablished in 2019
Defunct mass media companies of the United States
Entertainment companies based in New York City
Entertainment companies established in 2005
Entertainment companies disestablished in 2019
Entertainment companies of the United States
Mass media companies established in 2005
Mass media companies disestablished in 2019
Mass media companies of the United States
Mass media companies based in New York City
Defunct companies based in New York City
2019 mergers and acquisitions
Karl Tewes ( 18 August 1886 – 7 September 1968 ) was a German international footballer .
References
External links
1886 births
1968 deaths
Association football midfielders
German footballers
Germany international footballers
1970 Országos Bajnokság I ( men 's water polo ) was the 64th water polo championship in Hungary . There were ten teams who played a two-round match for the title .
Final list
* M : Matches W : Win D : Drawn L : Lost G+ : Goals earned G- : Goals got P : Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső : Aranykor ( Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt. , Budapest , 2002 . )
1970 in water polo
1970 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
The Ministry of Housing and Local Government ( ) , abbreviated KPKT , is a ministry of the Government of Malaysia that is responsible for urban well-being , housing , local government , town planning , country planning , fire and rescue authority , landscape , solid waste management , strata management , moneylenders , pawnbrokers .
Organisation
Minister of Housing and Local Government
Deputy Minister of Housing and Local Government
Secretary-General
Under the Authority of Secretary-General
Legal Division
Corporate Communication Unit
Internal Audit Unit
Key Performance Indicator Unit
Integrity Unit
Deputy Secretary-General ( Policy and Development )
Project Development and Implementation Division
Policy and Inspectorate Division
Secretariat and International Relations Division
Deputy Secretary-General ( Urban Wellbeing )
Urban Wellbeing Division
Urbanization Service Division
Moneylenders and Pawnbrokers Division
Deputy Secretary-General ( Management )
Finance and Procurement Division
Information Technology Division
Management Services Division
Human Resources Division
Account Division
Federal departments
Fire and Rescue Department of Malaysia , or Jabatan Bomba dan Penyelamat Malaysia . ( Official site )
Local Government Department , or Jabatan Kerajaan Tempatan ( JKT ) . ( Official site )
National Housing Department , or Jabatan Perumahan Negara . ( Official site )
National Solid Waste Management Department ( NSWMD ) , or Jabatan Pengurusan Sisa Pepejal Negara ( JPSPN ) . ( Official site )
Federal agencies
Tribunal for Housing and Strata Management , or Tribunal Perumahan Dan Pengurusan Strata ( TPPS ) .
Urban Wellbeing , Housing and Local Government Training Institute , or Institut Latihan Kesejahteraan Bandar , Perumahan dan Kerajaan Tempatan ( I-KPKT ) . ( Official site )
Solid Waste And Public Cleansing Management Corporation ( SWCorp ) , or Perbadanan Pengurusan Sisa Pepejal Dan Pembersihan Awam ( PPSPPA ) . ( Official site )
Key legislation
The Ministry of Housing and Local Government is responsible for administration of several key Acts :
Housing
Housing Development ( Control and Licensing ) Act 1966 [ Act 118 ]
Building and Common Property ( Maintenance and Management ) Act 2007 [ Act 663 ]
Strata Management Act 2013 [ Act 757 ]
Local Government
Local Government Act 1976 [ Act 171 ]
Street , Drainage and Building Act 1974 [ Act 133 ]
Solid Waste Management and Public Cleansing
Solid Waste and Public Cleansing Management Act 2007 [ Act 672 ]
Solid Waste and Public Cleansing Management Corporation Act 2007 [ Act 673 ]
Town and Country Planning
Town and Country Planning Act 1976 [ Act 172 ]
Town Planners Act 1995 [ Act 538 ]
Fire and Rescue Authority
Fire Services Act 1988 [ Act 341 ]
Moneylenders and Pawnbrokers
Moneylenders Act 1951 [ Act 400 ]
Pawnbrokers Act 1972 [ Act 81 ]
Policy Priorities of the Government of the Day
National Landscape Policy
National Housing Policy
National Affordable Housing Policy
National Urbanization Policy
National Physical Plan
National Solid Waste Management Policy
National Cleanliness Policy
National Community Policy
Programmes
National Blue Ocean Strategy ( NBOS ) , or Strategi Lautan Biru Kebangsaan
My Beautiful Neighbourhood ( MyBN ) , or Kejiranan Indah
My Beautiful Malaysia ( MyBM ) , or Malaysiaku Indah
Youth Housing Scheme ( MyYouth ) , or Skim Perumahan Belia
Urban Planning , or Kesejahteraan Bandar
Centre of Excellence ( COE ) , or Pusat Kecemerlangan
1Malaysia Maintenance Fund , or Tabung Penyelenggaraan 1Malaysia ( TP1M )
Housing Loan Scheme ( HLS ) , or Skim Pinjaman Perumahan ( SPP )
Housing Maintenance Program , or Program Penyelenggaraan Perumahan ( PPP )
People 's Housing Project , or Projek Perumahan Rakyat ( PPR )
Private Affordable Housing Scheme ( MyHome ) , or Skim Perumahan Mampu Milik Swasta
Transit House Program , or Program Rumah Transit
Solid Waste , or Sisa Pepejal
Waste to Energy ( WTE ) , or Sisa kepada Tenaga
Separation at Source ( SAS ) , or Pengasingan Sisa Pepejal di Punca
Urban Wellbeing
Residents Representative Committee , or Jawatankuasa Perwakilan Penduduk ( JPP )
Residents Representative Council , or Majlis Perwakilan Penduduk ( MPP )
Moneylenders and Pawnbrokers
Moneylenders Advertisement Licenses and Permits , or Lesen dan Permit Iklan Pemberi Pinjam Wang
Pawnbrokers Advertisement Licenses and Permits , or Lesen dan Permit Iklan Pemegang Pajak Gadai
See also
Minister of Housing and Local Government
References
External links
Ministry of Housing and Local Government official website
Federal ministries , departments and agencies of Malaysia
Malaysia
Malaysia
Urban planning in Malaysia
Housing in Malaysia
Local government in Malaysia
Ministries established in 2013
2013 establishments in Malaysia
Perry County is a county located in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Indiana . As of 2010 , the population was 19,338 . The county seat is Tell City . It is the hilliest county as well as one of the most forested counties in Indiana as it features more than of Hoosier National Forest . The Ohio River Scenic Byway along Indiana State Road 66 runs along the southern border of the county while Interstate 64 traverses the northern portion of the county . Connecting the two is Indiana State Road 37 .
The county features three incorporated communities : Tell City ( 2009 population 7,473 ) , Cannelton ( 2009 population 1,130 ) and Troy ( 2009 population 379 ) . Each is located in Troy Township which is situated along the south western corner of the county .
Coordinated efforts with County officials led to the acquisition of an abandoned rail line that has since been reactivated as the County-owned Hoosier Southern Rail Road . Managed by the Perry County Port Authority , the short-line rail road connects the Perry County River Port with the Norfolk Southern Rail Road .
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in Tell City have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 , and a record high of was recorded in September 1954 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in October to in May .
Government
The county government is a constitutional body , and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana , and by the Indiana Code .
County Council : The county council is the fiscal body of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county . Representatives are elected from county districts . The council members serve four-year terms . They are responsible for setting salaries , the annual budget , and special spending . The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes , in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval , excise taxes , and service taxes .
Board of Commissioners : The executive and legislative body of the county is made of a board of commissioners . The commissioners are elected county-wide , in staggered terms , and each serves a four-year term . One of the commissioners , typically the most senior , serves as president . The commissioners are charged with managing the day-to-day functions of the county government .
Court : The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases . The judge on the court is elected to a term of six years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association . The judge is assisted by a magistrate who is appointed by the judge . In some cases , court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court .
County Officials : The county has several other elected offices , including sheriff , coroner , auditor , treasurer , recorder , surveyor , and circuit court clerk Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government . Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county .
Perry County is part of Indiana 's 8th congressional district and is represented in Congress by Republican Larry Bucshon .
Geography
According to the 2010 census , the county has a total area of , of which ( or 98.82 % ) is land and ( or 1.18 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Crawford County ( north/ET Border )
Spencer County ( west )
Dubois County ( northwest/ET Border )
Meade County ( southeast/ET Border )
Breckinridge County , Kentucky ( South )
Hancock County , Kentucky ( Southwest )
Major highways
Interstate 64
Indiana State Road 37
Indiana State Road 62
Indiana State Road 66
Indiana State Road 70
Indiana State Road 145
Indiana State Road 166
Indiana State Road 545
National protected area
Hoosier National Forest ( part )
Roads and highways
Interstate 64 cuts across the northern portion of the county . State Road 66 , designated as the Ohio River Scenic Byway for most of its course in the county , is the most heavily traveled road by residents and visitors alike , adjacent to the three most populous towns in the county as well as most major tourist destinations . State Road 37 connects the county to Bloomington and Indianapolis . Other state roads in the county include State Road 62 , which closely parallels I-64 ; State Road 145 , which winds through the western parts of the county ; State Road 166 , which is little more than a road to and from the hamlet of Tobinsport ; State Road 237 , which connects Cannelton directly to State Road 37 ( also the site of a bridge on the Ohio River ) ; a short run of State Road 545 near Troy ; and State Road 70 which connects State Road 37 with State Road 66 .
History
Perry County was formed on November 1 , 1814 ( two years before the state of Indiana was admitted to the Union ) from Warrick and Gibson Counties . It was named for Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry who defeated the British squadron in the decisive Battle of Lake Erie in 1813 . The Ohio River made Perry County a focal point and settlers were drawn here due to plentiful supplies of natural resources and the area 's scenic beauty .
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 19,338 people , 7,476 households , and 5,020 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 8,495 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.0 % white , 2.4 % black or African American , 0.4 % Asian , 0.2 % American Indian , 0.3 % from other races , and 0.8 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.0 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 37.8 % were German , 14.4 % were Irish , 11.6 % were American , and 8.7 % were English .
Of the 7,476 households , 30.5 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 52.7 % were married couples living together , 9.7 % had a female householder with no husband present , 32.9 % were non-families , and 28.7 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.91 . The median age was 40.4 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 47,697 and the median income for a family was $ 55,497 . Males had a median income of $ 42,017 versus $ 26,301 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 20,806 . About 6.7 % of families and 10.4 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 15.9 % of those under age 18 and 6.8 % of those age 65 or over .
Cities , towns , and unincorporated communities
Cities and towns
Cannelton
Tell City
Troy
Unincorporated communities
Adyeville
Apalona
Bandon
Branchville
Bristow
Celina
Derby
Dexter
Dodd
Doolittle Mills
Fosters Ridge
Gatchel
Gerald
Hardingrove
Kitterman Corners
Lauer
Leopold
Lilly Dale
Magnet
Mount Pleasant
Oriole
Ranger
Rome
Saint Croix
Sassafras
Siberia
Terry
Tobinsport
Uniontown
Townships
Anderson
Clark
Leopold
Oil
Tobin
Troy
Union
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Perry County , Indiana
External links
Perry County Development Corporation
Perry County Chamber of Commerce
Perry County Convention & Visitors Bureau
Perry County News
References
Indiana counties
1814 establishments in Indiana Territory
Populated places established in 1814
Southwestern Indiana
Indiana counties on the Ohio River
is the name given to the concept of converting narrow gauge railway lines to standard gauge for use by shinkansen train services in Japan . Unlike the high-speed Shinkansen lines , the mini-shinkansen lines have a maximum speed of only . Two mini-shinkansen routes have been constructed : the Yamagata Shinkansen and Akita Shinkansen .
Concept
The mini-shinkansen concept was first developed in JNR days , but was not formally proposed until November 1987 , following the formation of East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) . The concept involved regauging existing gauge lines to standard gauge and linking them to the Shinkansen network to allow through-running . While the track gauge was widened , the loading gauge remained unchanged , requiring the construction of new Shinkansen trains with a narrower cross-section . These would be capable of running at high speed ( the E6 series trains have a maximum speed capability of 320 km/h ) on Shinkansen tracks , either on their own or coupled to full-sized sets , and run at conventional narrow-gauge speeds ( around 130 km/h ) on the mini-shinkansen tracks . Speeds on converted lines would also be raised where possible .
Yamagata Shinkansen
The first mini-shinkansen route to be built was the Yamagata Shinkansen , converted from the 87.1 km section of the Ōu Main Line between Fukushima on the Tohoku Shinkansen and Yamagata in Yamagata Prefecture . Work started in 1988 , with Yamagata Shinkansen services commencing on 1 July 1992 . Services were operated by a new fleet of 400 Series Shinkansen trains , at up to 240 km/h on the Tōhoku Shinkansen and 130 km/h on the Yamagata Shinkansen section . The success of this initiative led to the conversion of a further 61.5 km of the line to , opening on 4 December 1999 .
Akita Shinkansen
Following the success of the Yamagata Shinkansen conversion , a scheme was proposed to construct a second mini-shinkansen route from Morioka in Iwate Prefecture , then the northern terminus of the Tohoku Shinkansen , with Akita in Akita Prefecture . This involved regauging the 75.6 km Tazawako Line from Morioka to Ōmagari and 51.7 km of the Ōu Main Line from Ōmagari to Akita . This opened on 22 March 1997 with Komachi services using new E3 Series Shinkansen trains .
On 16 March 2013 , E6 series trains entered service on this line , initially at a maximum speed of 300 km/h on the Tohoku Shinkansen section . In March 2014 , the maximum speed on the Tohoku Shinkansen was increased to 320 km/h .
Rolling stock
The following rolling stock was built for use on mini-shinkansen lines .
400 Series Shinkansen , Yamagata Shinkansen ( in service 1992-2010 )
E3 Series Shinkansen , Akita Shinkansen ( in service 1997-2014 ) and Yamagata Shinkansen ( from 1999 )
E926 East i track and overhead wire inspection train ( from 2001 )
E955 Fastech 360Z experimental test train ( 2006-2008 )
E6 Series Shinkansen , introduced on the Akita Shinkansen in March 2013
E8 Series Shinkansen , to be introduced on the Yamagata Shinkansen from 2024 onwards
See also
Gauge Change Train , an experimental train designed to operate on both narrow-gauge and standard-gauge routes
Super Tokkyū , a concept of building narrow-gauge lines to Shinkansen standards
References
Shinkansen
Railway services introduced in 1992
The crimson-fronted cardinal ( Paroaria baeri ) is a bird species in the tanager family ( Thraupidae ) . It is not very closely related to the cardinals proper ( Cardinalidae ) .
It is endemic to Brazil .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland . The crimson-fronted cardinal is relatively close to 16.5 cm , and is most often slim with a rounded crown . Its voice is rather harsh and vigorous and includes descending , harsh whistles . Very little is known about its diet , however it most likely eats insects and few fruits .
Breeding season is often thought to be October through January , with some nests accompanied by eggs found in mid-December .
References
Birds of Brazil
Paroaria
Endemic birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds described in 1907
Mexico offers social welfare assistance designed to meet needs of the Mexican population including assistance for low-income populations , young people , the elderly , and people with disabilities . Mexico has been offering social welfare since 1999 . Despite the fact that Mexico offers welfare to its citizens through various programs , the poverty level in Mexico is currently at 46.2 % . More than 10 % of those living in poverty are living in extreme poverty , earning $ 1.25/ day or less .
For low-income families
In Mexico , the social welfare program for low-income families was originally known as `` Oportunidades '' , meaning `` opportunities '' . It was eventually renamed `` Prospera '' , meaning `` to prosper '' . The program was established in 1997 and was designed to encourage families to send their children to school and health centres . Nearly six million families have benefited from this program . The goal of the “ Prospera ” program is to improve the quality of life of the poor in terms of nutrition , education , and health . The program is still available to date for Mexican citizens in need of assistance . In particular , it is highlighted on the Mexican government website for people who are affected by natural disasters and other emergencies .
Another program created to help low-income families was the FIDELIST . This program was created in 1984 and essentially subsidized the prices of corn tortillas . It ran until 1990 when it was replaced by the Tortilla sin Costo , which provided subsidized or free tortillas for 2.1 million low-income families and equaled approximately 3 % of Mexico 's total corn consumption . However , the current tortillas program for low-income people in Mexico , as offered by the Mexican government , is to provide a two-year loan at 6 % interest to set up a tortilla business ; there are no 'free tortillas ' for the poor .
Social welfare for children
Children in Mexico can also apply for social welfare , depending on their circumstances . One protection available to them is the DIF ( Desarrollo Integral de la Familia ) , which is a program for family services that are state-run . Children can also benefit from the Prospera program ( formerly known as Oportunidades ) as mentioned above . According to a study by IFPRI , the International Food Policy Research Institute , Prospera has positively improved factors such as school enrollment , health appointment attendance , and children 's nutrition . For example , enrollment in school for Prospera children has increased significantly , with girls increasing by 20 % and boys increasing by 10 % . Some recent program advances have refocused assistance toward children in both rural and urban areas ; originally , it was only set up to serve rural children . Now , more children have access to this assistance . Overall , the social welfare of children has been improved by these measures .
For the elderly and disabled
Other groups that are eligible to receive social welfare assistance in Mexico are the elderly and the disabled . The pension age in Mexico is 65 years . The amount given in the pension varies depending on how much the person contributed to the pension program . Pensions are usually 2,253.76 pesos a month . People with disabilities are also given pensions . The average pension for a disabled individual is roughly 2,253.76 pesos a month .
Prospera history
An evolution of the Oportunidades social welfare programme has , in its various forms , given conditional cash transfers ( CCTs ) to Mexico 's poorest since the 1990s . The scheme , originally called Pronasol in 1989 , before being renamed Progresa in 1997 and Oportunidades in 2002 , was the first major social programme of its kind in Latin America . The programme gave poor families cash in exchange for their meeting conditions such as enrolling their children in school and getting regular health check-ups . It went on to inspire other similar schemes across Latin America , including Brazil 's Bolsa Família – perhaps the most well-known and successful of them all .
References
Welfare in Mexico
Zhao Hongxu ( Chinese : 赵泓旭 ; born 27 March 1991 ) is a Chinese football player .
Club career
In 2011 , Zhao Hongxu started their professional footballer career with Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League .
In February 2012 , they transferred to Chinese Super League side Liaoning Whowin . They made their league debut for Liaoning on 28 September 2012 in a game against Tianjin Teda , coming on as a substitute for Wang Hao in the 63rd minute .
Club career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played 1 October 2018
References
1991 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Liaoning
Shandong Taishan F.C . players
Liaoning F.C . players
Chinese Super League players
Association football midfielders
Amalsad railway station is a railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat , India . Amalsad railway station is 16 km far away from Navsari railway station . Passenger , MEMU and few Express/Superfast trains halt at Amalsad railway station .
Major trains
Following Express & Superfast trains halt at Amalsad railway station in both direction :
19033/34 Gujarat Queen
12929/30 Valsad–Dahod Intercity Superfast Express
19023/24 Firozpur Janata Express
19215/16 Mumbai Central–Porbandar Saurashtra Express
12921/22 Flying Ranee
See also
Navsari district
References
Railway stations in Navsari district
Mumbai WR railway division
Eve Esin is a Nigerian actor who won the City People Entertainment Awards for Most Promising Actress in Nigeria in 2015 , the AMAA award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role and Best Actress in a drama at the AMVCA .
Early life and education
Esin was born in Akwa Ibom State a south-south geographical area of Nigeria occupied predominantly by the minority tribes in Nigeria . Esin , more precisely is from Oron Local Government Area of Akwa-Ibom . Esin completed their primary school education in their home town in Akwa Ibom where they obtained their First School Leaving Certificate . Esin after completing their primary school education , proceeded to Immaculate Conception Secondary School Itak-Ikono in Akwa Ibom State where they obtained their West African Senior School Certificate . Esin then proceeded to the University of Calabar in Cross River State where they graduated with a B.Sc . degree in Theatre Arts .
Career
Esin before officially joining the Nigerian movie industry commonly known as Nollywood in 2008 was a banker who would eventually quit their job as a banker to focus on what they described as their true passion which was acting . Esin joined the Nigerian movie industry in 2008 after their participation in a movie audition where they emerged successful and got a call back from the producers to feature in the movie project . Esin made their directorial debut with the movie titled Spirit . According to reputable Nigerian media house The Tribune , Esin has featured in over 100 movies .
Awards
In 2015 , Esin won the City People Entertainment Awards for most Promising Actress in Nigeria in 2015 .
Esin won the AMAA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role .
Esin won the award for Best Actress in a drama at the AMVCA
Selected filmography
Blue ( 2019 )
Pains Of Life ( 2017 )
Girls Are Not Smiling ( 2017 )
Treasure ( 2017 )
The Storm ( 2016 )
Marry Who You Love ( 2016 )
Oshimiri ( 2015 )
Idemili ( 2014 )
Brothers War ( 2013 )
Brave Mind ( 2012 )
Deep Water ( 2012 )
Hand Of Fate ( 2012 )
Sins Of The Past ( 2012 )
The Enemy I See ( 2012 )
Gallant Babes ( 2011 )
Thanks For Coming ( 2011 )
Mad Sex ( 2010 )
Royal War ( 2010 )
Indecent Desire ( 2005 )
See also
List of Nigerian actors
References
External links
Living people
1981 births
21st-century Nigerian actores
People from Akwa Ibom State
Nigerian film actores
Actresses from Akwa Ibom State
University of Calabar alumni
The Berne Convention ( formally , the International Convention respecting the Prohibition of the Use of White ( Yellow ) Phosphorus in the Manufacture of Matches ( ) ) of 1906 is a multilateral treaty negotiated in Berne , Switzerland , which prohibits the use of white phosphorus in the manufacture of matches . The treaty also prohibits the import and sale of such matches .
The background to the treaty was the extensive medical problems such as phossy jaw facing workers in match production . The treaty was concluded on 26 September 1906 . It entered into force on 1 January 1912 . The Convention remains in force for 48 states . Switzerland is the depositary for the treaty .
In 1925 Edward J. Phelan , future Director General of the International Labour Organization , stated that the establishment of the ILO `` may in one sense be traced to the Berne Convention of 1906 '' , partly as a result of lobbying by the International Association for Labour Legislation .
See also
London matchgirls strike of 1888
Notes
References
John Emsley , The Shocking History of Phosphorus : A Biography of the Devil 's Element ( 2000 ) Macmillan Publishers , Ltd. : London , England
External links
The Berne Convention of 1906
Information page , official depositary
Review of book about phosphorus
Chemical industry
Occupational safety and health treaties
Treaties concluded in 1906
Treaties entered into force in 1912
History of Bern
Health treaties
1906 in Switzerland
Treaties of Argentina
Treaties extended to Australia
Treaties of the First Austrian Republic
Treaties of Belgium
Treaties of the Kingdom of Bulgaria
Treaties extended to Canada
Treaties of Chile
Treaties of the Republic of China ( 1912–1949 )
Treaties of Cyprus
Treaties of Ivory Coast
Treaties of Denmark
Treaties of the Kingdom of Egypt
Treaties of Spain under the Restoration
Treaties of Estonia
Treaties of Fiji
Treaties of Finland
Treaties of the French Third Republic
Treaties of the Gambia
Treaties of the German Empire
Treaties of the Kingdom of Hungary ( 1920–1946 )
Treaties extended to British India
Treaties of Pahlavi Iran
Treaties of the Irish Free State
Treaties of Israel
Treaties of the Kingdom of Italy ( 1861–1946 )
Treaties of the Empire of Japan
Treaties of Luxembourg
Treaties of Madagascar
Treaties of Mali
Treaties of Malta
Treaties of Mauritius
Treaties of Mauritania
Treaties of Morocco
Treaties of Montenegro
Treaties of the Netherlands
Treaties extended to New Zealand
Treaties of Niger
Treaties of Norway
Treaties of the Second Polish Republic
Treaties of the Kingdom of Romania
Treaties of Senegal
Treaties of Serbia and Montenegro
Treaties extended to the Union of South Africa
Treaties of Sweden
Treaties of Switzerland
Treaties of Turkey
Treaties of Uganda
Treaties of the United Kingdom ( 1801–1922 )
Treaties of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia
White phosphorus
Treaties extended to New Caledonia
Treaties extended to Réunion
Treaties extended to French Polynesia
Treaties extended to Wallis and Futuna
Treaties extended to Gibraltar
Treaties extended to Anguilla
Treaties extended to Montserrat
Treaties extended to the British Virgin Islands
Treaties extended to Greenland
Treaties extended to the Faroe Islands
Chemical safety
The University of Memphis , School of Law building ( also commonly known as the Customs House , Post Office , or Courthouse reflecting its prior uses ) is a 5-story former federal building , located in downtown Memphis . As of 2010 , the building is owned entirely by the University of Memphis and houses its law school . It is located at the corner of Front Street and Madison Avenue . It has of usable space that has been re-purposed as classrooms , offices , and administrative space . One of the original courtrooms from the building 's former use as a courthouse has been restored as the University of Memphis moot courtroom . The building is made of steel and concrete , and employs many decorative elements including Tennessee marble , granite , and detailed plaster work .
Location
The building , which has an address of 1 North Front Street , sits just west of Court Square , Memphis . The building 's location on a natural bluff overlooking the Mississippi River affords it magnificent westerly views of the river , including Mud Island , and Arkansas . Because of its location on a natural promontory , the building was not affected by the 2011 Mississippi River floods .
History
The building was built originally in the 1880s to house the U.S. Customs House , but it provided space for several other federal offices . Locally , it became known as the `` Customs House . '' Over the following one hundred years , the U.S. federal building served many purposes , including as the federal courthouse , customs house , and post office . The building underwent a large expansion in 1929–1930 , creating new a new facade on Front Street .
It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 .
Current Use
After extensive award-winning renovations , in 2010 the building became home to the University of Memphis , School of Law . As such , it houses the University of Memphis Law Review offices , as well as the University of Memphis , Legal Aid Clinic .
Gallery
See also
University of Memphis , School of Law
List of the tallest buildings in Memphis
Downtown Memphis
References
External links
Emporis Listing of building
Buildings and structures in Memphis , Tennessee
University of Memphis
National Register of Historic Places in Memphis , Tennessee
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Former courthouses in the United States
Former post office buildings
Custom houses on the National Register of Historic Places
1885 establishments in Tennessee
B. Jain is an Indian publishing house with headquarters in New Delhi . The B. Jain publishing group has six book imprints and also publishes two monthly homeopathic journals , one monthly international journal on homeopathy and a bi-monthly lifestyle and health magazine .
History
The B. Jain group was founded in 1966 by Prem Nath Jain ( d. August 16 , 2004 ) . It initially started as a publishing house and then diversified into printing , homeopathic software , homeopathic study courses , bookstore , exports of handicrafts and women 's accessories .
In 2003 , Uttarakhand Chief Minister Narayan Dutt Tiwari presented Prem Nath Jain , the Bhaskar Award for publishing .
Imprints
B. Jain Publishers
B. Jain is the largest publisher of Homeopathic books in India . The imprint has about 1200 books in print . It was one of the first publishers in India to venture into e-books , and has a strong distribution network of more than 1000 dealers all over the world .
Other imprints
B. Jain Libros En Español
B. Jain Libros en Español is an extension of B. Jain that publishes Homeopathic Books in Spanish . It has published more than 150 books , and publishes about 12 books a year . The books are sold in Spain , and North and South America .
Health Harmony
Health Harmony was introduced into the group in 1998 , and has published about 700 books under its name . It now publishes about 40 books a year on general health , alternative therapies , spirituality , New Age , and self help .
Leads Press
Leads Press was established in 2004 , and publishes non-fiction books . It has published around 150 books on subjects like games , puzzles , travel , business etc .
Impact
Impact was started in 2005 with an aim to publish books on fashion and design . It has printed about 10 books , and is now diversifying into art books as well .
Pegasus
Started in 2008 , Pegasus now has more than 2000 books in print ( includes collaborative efforts ) and over 200 new titles get added to its list each year .
Journals and magazines
The Homeopathic Heritage
The Homoeopathic Heritage is a homeopathy journal that was started in 1976 . It has a subscriber base of more than 15,000 . In 2007 , B. Jain in partnership with Archibel , launched the international edition of the journal that is circulated all over America , Europe , Asia and Australia .
Homeobuzz
Homeobuzz is a monthly students ' homeopathic journal that was launched in 2006 .
Health n Harmony
Health n Harmony , a lifestyle bi-monthly magazine , was launched in early 2007 . The magazine is centered around Alternative Health , Spirituality and other similar subjects . It also provides tips and information on travel , new age and general interest subjects . More than 25,000 copies are in circulation with readers in Indian subcontinent , Philippines , Singapore and Malaysia .
J.J . Offset Printers
J.J . Offset Printers was established by the B. Jain Group for in-house needs , but was later expanded to serve other companies as well . It provides printing and packaging .
Other organizations
B. Jain also runs a charitable Homeopathic health care centre under the name of B. Jain Sarbati Devi Memorial Charitable Trust . The B. Jain Foundation , a part of the trust , helps in providing education and health facilities to the poor .
B. Jain also runs an organization for the promotion of Homeopathy , called CASH ( Centre for Advanced Study in Homeopathy ) . CASH organizes regular seminars and workshops to promote homeopathy . In 2005 , it organized workshops and lectures on homeopathy by Robin Murphy in India .
References
Book publishing companies of India
Mannequin is a 1937 American drama film directed by Frank Borzage and starring Joan Crawford , Spencer Tracy , and Alan Curtis . Crawford plays Jessie , a young working class woman who seeks to improve their life by marrying their boyfriend , only to find out that they are no better than what they left behind . They meet a self-made millionaire with whom they fall in love despite their financial problems .
The film premiered on December 14 , 1937 , in Westwood , Los Angeles , California . It opened on January 20 , 1938 , in New York City , followed by a wide American release on January 21 , 1938 .
Plot
Jessie Cassidy yearns to escape the squalor of their family 's Lower East Side apartment . Hoping to move up in life , they convince their boyfriend , Eddie Miller , to marry them At their wedding reception self-made shipping tycoon John L. Hennessey sees the couple and buys them a bottle of champagne . Eddie tries to impress John , but Jessie impresses them more . Eddie takes Jessie to a nice apartment , then tells them that they can give up their job as a shopgirl to work in the chorus of a Broadway show , just until they get a break . Several months later , Jessie is still in love , despite their friend Beryl Lee 's warnings that Eddie is good-for-nothing . Hennessey throws a party for the cast of the Broadway show and Eddie convinces the reluctant Jessie to go . Hennessey , who has been giving parties only on the pretext of seeing Jessie , makes a pass at her , which they rebuke with a slap . Even more enamoured with them after this , they do n't hesitate to loan them a hundred dollars after they and Eddie are kicked out of their apartment . As it turns out , the apartment belonged to other people and Eddie is arrested for bookmaking . Eddie , aware of Hennessey 's love for Jessie , suggests that they divorce him , marry Hennessey , then divorce Hennessey for a large settlement . Finally seeing what kind of man Eddie is , Jessie leaves him . Some months later , they return the money to Hennessey and they start to see each other . They promise to marry him , even though they know they do n't love him . They later plan a European trip . Eddie goes to Jessie and warns them to carry through their idea , but when Hennessey arrives , they throw Eddie out , even though they do not know the real purpose of their visit . After they marry , Jessie realizes that they love Hennessey and is completely happy in their honeymoon cottage in Ireland . They soon receive a cablegram from Hennessey 's assistant Briggs , advising them that labor unrest necessitates their return to the United States . While Hennessey goes to their men , hoping that they will stop their strike and save their company , Jessie confronts Eddie . They try to blackmail her , but they say that they will leave Hennessey and flee before seeing them hurt . Just before they are about to leave him , however , Hennessey comes home and Jessie lies that they never loved him . Eddie then walks in and announces that Hennessey is now broke and `` in the gutter '' just like him . They also tell Hennessey about the plan for Jessie to marry and divorce them for money . Eddie then leaves and Hennessey refuses to listen to Jessie 's word that they love him . Later , however , they convince them that they will stay by their side no matter what and that the money from the sale of their jewels will give them a new start .
Cast
Joan Crawford as Jessie Cassidy
Spencer Tracy as John L. Hennessey
Alan Curtis as Eddie Miller
Ralph Morgan as Briggs
Mary Philips as Beryl Lee
Oscar O'Shea as 'Pa ' Cassidy
Elisabeth Risdon as 'Ma ' Cassidy
Leo Gorcey as Clifford Cassidy
Gwen Lee as Flo
George Chandler as `` Swing '' Magoo
Bert Roach as Mr. Schwartz
Marie Blake as Mrs. Schwartz
Matt McHugh as Mike
Paul Fix as Smooch Hanrahan
Helen Troy as Bubbles Adair
Donald Kirke as Dave McIntyre
Phillip Terry as Man Outside Stage Door
Reception
Frank Nugent in The New York Times remarked , `` Mannequin ... restores Miss Joan Crawford to their throne as queen of the working girls .... Miss Crawford , let it be said , meets these several dramatic emergencies in their best manner , which , as you know , is tender , strong , heroic , and regal . ''
Box office
According to MGM records , the film earned $ 1,066,000 in the US and Canada and $ 568,000 elsewhere resulting in a profit of $ 475,000 .
References
External links
1937 films
1937 drama films
American drama films
American black-and-white films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films directed by Frank Borzage
Films produced by Frank Borzage
Films produced by Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Films scored by Edward Ward ( composer )
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Metropolis is the sixth extended play by Los Angeles-based dubstep producer Kompany . It was released by English record label Never Say Die on February 1 , 2019 . It contains four songs , including features of Singer-songwriter Karra and British grime collective Virus Syndicate .
Background and release
As a lead up to the extended plays release , the four songs present in it were premiered on various electronic music-focused websites , with `` Firewall '' being premiered by Nest HQ , `` Seething '' by ThisSongSlaps , `` Take It All '' by Run the Trap , and `` Last Man Standing '' by EDM Sauce . Prior to release , the four tracks were only known as IDs seen in various DJ mixes and live-sets .
On February 1 , 2019 , the extended play was released as a digital download on international digital stores through English record label Never Say Die , as well as being released through various music streaming services .
Critical reception
Metropolis was well received by most critics . Tyler Chance of Noiseporn praised the extended plays sound design and production , describing it as `` filthy '' and `` unique '' and writing that each track is `` unique in its own right '' as the extended play traverses such genres as riddim , trap and midtempo bass . Writing for FUXWITHIT , Samuel Lewis and Steph Contant stated that the extended play presented Kompany and opportunity to craft `` massive soundscapes with astounding depth and detail , crafting a complex labyrinth of bass to captivate and absorb the listener . '' Relentless Beat 's Joshua Dean described the extended play as a story , noting `` Firewall '' as a `` great buildup into an absolutely insane EP '' and the last song , `` Last Man Standing '' , as a `` faultless ending to this masterpiece . ''
Track listing
Release history
References
External links
Lyrics of this EP at Genius
2019 EPs
Electronic EPs
Dubstep EPs
Electronic albums by American artists
Barbier is a lunar impact crater that is located on the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon . It forms a matched pair with Cyrano to the north-northwest , and it lies to the southeast of the huge walled plain Gagarin . Southwest of Barbier is the crater Sierpinski , and to the southeast is the Mare Ingenii .
The outer rim of Barbier has been eroded somewhat by subsequent impacts , particularly at the north end where the wall has been degraded by several small craterlets . A small crater lies across the eastern rim , and the southern rim is wider and irregular in shape . An unusual irregular crater ( Barbier F ) with a hummocky floor , approximately 16 km long , lies near where a central peak would be located , offset to the east of the midpoint .
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Barbier .
See also
Asteroid 37853 Danielbarbier
References
External links
Figure 238 in Chapter 7 of APOLLO OVER THE MOON : A View From Orbit ( NASA SP-362 , 1978 ) shows a closeup of the unusual crater near the center of Barbier crater
Impact craters on the Moon
Måkläppen is a nature reserve that protrudes from the Falsterbo peninsula in southwestern Sweden . It was created by sandbanks built on top of a moraine core . The Måkläppen nature reserve and nature conservation association was formed in 1899 .
The appearance of Måkläppen changes as sand builds up and is taken away by wind , ocean currents , storm surges and high tides . These processes , in addition to abrasion and beach erosion , remove the sand previously sent there .
Many kinds of waterfowl nest at Måkläppen , and it is an important site for harbor and grey seals . Because of the area 's natural importance , no access is allowed from February to the end of October .
Depending on how currents change , one might encounter small to large remnants of wooden ships up to several hundred years old when walking along the sandbar .
In the Middle Ages it is believed some temporary settlements may have existed on the island .
References
Geography of Skåne County
Nature reserves in Sweden
Tourist attractions in Skåne County
John Patrick Varone ( November 9 , 1936 – October 11 , 2011 ) was an American professional Canadian football player who played as a halfback and fullback , as well as a linebacker . Varone played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League from 1958 to 1959 .
Career
A native of East Boston , Varone attended East Boston High School and graduated in 1954 . They went on to play college football for the University of Miami Hurricanes from 1954 to 1957 , under coach Andy Gustafson . The team had a winning record in all of the seasons that Varone played there , but did not win any bowl games .
Varone was selected in the fourth round of the 1958 NFL Draft as the 46th pick overall by the San Francisco 49ers , coached by Frankie Albert , but soon signed with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League . In both of their seasons with the Blue Bombers under coach Bud Grant , the team won the Grey Cup . Varone played both on offense and defense as a halfback and linebacker in their first season , then transitioning from halfback to fullback in their second season . They would play in a total of 25 games , tallying 259 rushing yards , 158 receiving yards , 2 receiving touchdowns , and 2 interceptions .
Varone returned to Florida , where they played college football , and became a teacher in 1961 at Miami Norland Senior High School . They remained there until 1989 .
A resident of Pembroke Pines and then Palm Bay , Varone died in Florida in 2011 at the age of seventy-three .
See also
1958 San Francisco 49ers season
List of Miami Hurricanes in the NFL draft
San Francisco 49ers draft history
References
External links
Pro Football Archives profile
Sun Sentinel obituary
1936 births
2011 deaths
People from East Boston , Boston
Players of American football from Massachusetts
Schoolteachers from Florida
American football running backs
Miami Hurricanes football players
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football running backs
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Functional analysis in behavioral psychology is the application of the laws of operant and respondent conditioning to establish the relationships between stimuli and responses . To establish the function of operant behavior , one typically examines the `` four-term contingency '' : first by identifying the motivating operations ( EO or AO ) , then identifying the antecedent or trigger of the behavior , identifying the behavior itself as it has been operationalized , and identifying the consequence of the behavior which continues to maintain it .
Functional assessment in behavior analysis employs principles derived from the natural science of behavior analysis to determine the `` reason '' , purpose , or motivation for a behavior . The most robust form of functional assessment is functional analysis , which involves the direct manipulation , using some experimental design ( e.g. , a multielement design or a reversal design ) of various antecedent and consequent events and measurement of their effects on the behavior of interest ; this is the only method of functional assessment that allows for demonstration of clear cause of behavior .
Applications in clinical psychology
Functional analysis and consequence analysis are commonly used in certain types of psychotherapy to better understand , and in some cases change , behavior . It is particularly common in behavioral therapies such as behavioral activation , although it is also part of Aaron Beck 's cognitive therapy . In addition , functional analysis modified into a behavior chain analysis is often used in dialectical behavior therapy .
There are several advantages to using functional analysis over traditional assessment methods . Firstly , behavioral observation is more reliable than traditional self-report methods . This is because observing the individual from an objective stand point in their regular environment allows the observer to observe both the antecedent and the consequence of the problem behavior . Secondly , functional analysis is advantageous as it allows for the development of behavioral interventions , either antecedent control or consequence control , specifically designed to reduce a problem behavior . Thirdly , functional analysis is advantageous for interventions for young children or developmentally delayed children with problem behaviors , who may not be able to answer self-report questions about the reasons for their actions .
Despite these benefits , functional analysis also has some disadvantages . The first that no standard methods for determining function have been determined and meta-analysis shows that different methodologies appear to bias results toward particular functions as well as not effective in improving outcomes . Second , Gresham and colleagues ( 2004 ) in a meta-analytic review of JABA articles found that functional assessment did not produce greater effect sizes compared to simple contingency management programs . However , Gresham et al . combined the three types of functional assessment , of which descriptive assessment and indirect assessment have been reliably found to produce results with limited validity Third , although functional assessment has been conducted with a variety host of populations ( i.e . ) much of the current functional assessment research has been limited to children with developmental disabilities .
Professional organizations
The Association for Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies ( ABCT ) also has an interest group in behavior analysis , which focuses on the use of behavior analysis in the school setting including functional analysis .
Doctoral level behavior analysts who are psychologists belong to the American Psychological Association 's division 25 – Behavior analysis . APA offers a diplomate in behavioral psychology and school psychology both of which focus on the use of functional analysis in the school setting .
The World Association for Behavior Analysis offers a certification for clinical behavior therapy and behavioral consultation , which covers functional analysis .
The UK Society for Behaviour Analysis also provides a forum for behavior analysts for accreditation , professional development , continuing education and networking , and serves as an advocate body in public debate on issues relating to behavior analysis . The UK-SBA promotes the ethical and effective application of the principles of behavior and learning to a wide range of areas including education , rehabilitation and health care , business and the community and is committed to maintaining the availability of high-quality evidence-based professional behavior analysis practice in the UK . The society also promotes and supports the academic field of behavior analysis with in the UK both in terms of university-based training and research , and theoretical develop .
See also
Applied behavior analysis
Behavioral therapy
Clinical formulation
Functional behavioral assessment
Operant conditioning
Professional practice of behavior analysis
References
Behaviorism
The L & YR Class 31 was a class of 0-8-0 steam locomotives of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway . The class was designed by George Hughes and introduced in 1912 . The class comprised 115 new locomotives and 40 rebuilt from other classes .
Transfer to LMS
The locomotives passed to the London , Midland and Scottish Railway ( LMS ) in 1923 . The LMS numbered them 12840-12994 and gave them the power classification 7F .
Transfer to BR
In 1948 , British Railways ( BR ) inherited 17 locomotives and numbered them in the range 52841–52971 .
Withdrawal
No examples of this class were preserved .
References
0-8-0 locomotives
31
Railway locomotives introduced in 1912
D h2 locomotives
Scrapped locomotives
Turvelândia is a municipality in eastern Goiás state , Brazil .
Location
Turvelândia is located 65 km . east of Rio Verde
Highway connections from Goiânia are made by state highway BR-060 west from Goiânia , through / Abadia de Goiás / Guapó / Indiara / Acreúna/ GO-164 / Santa Helena de Goiás / BR-452 / GO-409 / Maurilândia .
Neighboring municipalities : Acreúna , Edéia , Santa Helena de Goiás , Maurilândia
Political Information
Mayor : Eduardo Mendonça ( January 2005 )
City council : 09 members
Eligible voters : 3,348 ( December/2007 )
Demographic Information
Population density : 4.1 inhabitants/km2 ( 2007 )
Urban population : 2,865 ( 2007 )
Rural population : 987 ( 2007 )
Population growth : a loss of about 1,800 people since 1991
Economic Information
The economy is based on subsistence agriculture , cattle raising , services , public administration , and small transformation industries .
Public administration provided jobs for 238 workers in 2003 .
Industrial units : 3 ( 2007 )
Commercial units : 32 ( 2007 )
Destillary : Vale do Verdão S/A ( 2007 )
Motor vehicles : 233 ( 2007 ) , which gave a ratio of 16 inhabitants for each motor vehicle
Cattle herd : 45,000 head ( 3,600 milk cows ) ( 2006 )
Main crops : cotton , rice , sugarcane ( 11,200 hectares ) , manioc , corn ( 3,000 hectares ) , sorghum , and soybeans ( 14,000 hectares ) .
Education ( 2006 )
Schools : 4 with 1,075 students
Higher education : none
Adult literacy rate : 79.6 % ( 2000 ) ( national average was 86.4 % )
Health ( 2007 )
Hospitals : 1
Hospital beds : 13
Ambulatory clinics : 3
Infant mortality rate : 38.71 ( 2000 ) ( national average was 33.0 )
Municipal Human Development Index
MHDI : 0.685
State ranking : 220 ( out of 242 municipalities in 2000 )
National ranking : 3,223 ( out of 5,507 municipalities in 2000 )
Data are from 2000
For the complete list see Frigoletto.com
See also
List of municipalities in Goiás
Microregions of Goiás
References
Frigoletto
Municipalities in Goiás
Gelanor waorani is a species of neotropical spiders from South America ( Colombia , Ecuador , Brazil ) in the family Mimetidae .
References
Mimetidae
Spiders described in 2016
Spiders of South America
Werner Friedrich Emil Eisbrenner ( 2 December 1908 , Berlin – 7 November 1981 , West Berlin ) was a German composer and conductor , best known for their film music .
Eisbrenner studied church music and musical education from 1927 to 1929 at the Berlin Staatlichen Musikademie . They then worked as a pianist , arranger , Kapellmeister and conductor , as well as composing violin concertos , orchestral music , the musical comedy Von Hand zu Hand and the music for film , radio and television for which they are best known . This includes the theme for Hans Albers 's film Große Freiheit Nr . 7 .
Eisbrenner was a member of the jury at the 1st Berlin International Film Festival .
Eisbrenner also headed a private `` Lehrinstitut für Kirchen- und Schulmusik '' . In 1974 , they received the Filmband in Gold for their long and outstanding contributions to German film . On 23 April 1998 a plaque was unveiled at their former home at Wohnung Bismarckallee 32a in Berlin . They were married to Kathe ( née Jacobi ) Eisbrenner ( b . ? ? – d. 11 March 1974 ) . They are buried in the Waldfriedhof Dahlem .
Selected filmography
The Higher Command ( 1935 )
Donogoo Tonka ( 1936 )
Anna Favetti ( 1938 )
Women for Golden Hill ( 1938 )
Central Rio ( 1939 )
Between Hamburg and Haiti ( 1940 )
Commissioner Eyck ( 1940 )
Between Heaven and Earth ( 1942 )
The Golden Spider ( 1943 )
Titanic ( 1943 )
Romance in a Minor Key ( 1943 )
Free Land ( 1946 )
Between Yesterday and Tomorrow ( 1947 )
Raid ( 1947 )
Paths in Twilight ( 1948 )
Thank You , I 'm Fine ( 1948 )
Gaspary 's Sons ( 1948 )
Martina ( 1949 )
The Prisoner ( 1949 )
I 'll Never Forget That Night ( 1949 )
This Man Belongs to Me ( 1950 )
Melody of Fate ( 1950 )
Bluebeard ( 1951 )
Nights on the Road ( 1952 )
The White Horse Inn ( 1952 )
Jonny Saves Nebrador ( 1953 )
The Ambassador 's Wife ( 1955 )
The Last Man ( 1955 )
The Cornet ( 1955 )
Reaching for the Stars ( 1955 )
Children , Mother , and the General ( 1955 )
My Father , the Actor ( 1956 )
The Glass Tower ( 1957 )
King in Shadow ( 1957 )
The Buddenbrooks ( 1959 )
Storm in a Water Glass ( 1960 )
Barbara ( 1961 )
References
External links
Werner Eisbrenner at German Composers ' Archive
1908 births
1981 deaths
Musicians from Berlin
German male conductors ( music )
German film score composers
Male film score composers
German male composers
20th-century German conductors ( music )
20th-century German composers
20th-century German male musicians
Makuru is an administrative ward in the Manyoni District of the Singida Region of Tanzania . In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 13,029 people in the ward , from 11,874 in 2012 .
References
Wards of Singida Region
Gullik Madsen Røed ( 17 February 1786 – 9 August 1857 ) was a Norwegian soldier and farmer . They served as a representative at the Norwegian Constitutional Assembly during 1814 .
Gullik Madsen Røed was born at the farm Rød in Botne at Holmestrand in Vestfold , Norway where their father was a farmer . Around 1812 , they took over the farm Bo in Sande in Vestfold . They were also commander in the Sandeske Company of Telemark Infantry Regiment ( Telemarkske infanteriregiment ) .
They represented Telemark Regiment at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814 . There they joined the independence party ( Selvstendighetspartiet ) . They were later elected to represent Jarlsberg and Larvik in the Norwegian Parliament in 1836 and served with the Parliament from 1836 to 1837 . They were a member of the committee on military affairs . (
In 1813 , they married Maren Bentsdatter Bøe ( 1791-1874 ) Together they were the parents of eight children ,
References
Related Reading
Holme Jørn ( 2014 ) De kom fra alle kanter - Eidsvollsmennene og deres hus ( Oslo : Cappelen Damm )
1786 births
1857 deaths
People from Holmestrand
Norwegian Army personnel
Norwegian military personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
Fathers of the Constitution of Norway
Georg Trump ( 10 July 1896 – 21 December 1985 ) was a German graphics , typeface and postage stamp designer , known for designs such as the book typeface Trump Mediaeval ( 1954 ) , the slab serif City ( 1931 ) and the condensed , industrial Schadow .
Trump fought in both WWI and WWII , the latter which left them severely wounded . They studied under , and was a fellow lecturer with Jan Tschichold in Munich . They worked for the Berthold Type Foundry and then the Weber Type Foundry in Stuttgart .
References
External links
Biography and type designs on the website of the Klingspor Museum
Uses of typefaces by Georg Trump
Postage stamps by Georg Trump
Drawing proposal for banknote by Georg Trump
Typedia
German typographers and type designers
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
1896 births
1985 deaths
German stamp designers
Tinashe Samuel Mutanga ( born 27 January 1993 ) is a Zimbabwean sprinter who specialises in the 100 metres .
Mutanga won a silver medal in the 100 metres at the 2011 African Junior Athletics Championships in Gaborone , Botswana . They also won the 100 m and 200 m at the Africa Youth Games in 2010 .
At the inaugural 2010 Summer Youth Olympics , they finished sixth in the 100 metres and fourth in the medley relay .
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Alumni of Eaglesvale High School
Zimbabwean male sprinters
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics
A utility cut is a cut and excavation to an existing road surface to install or repair subterranean public utility conduits and equipment . After the utility is installed or repaired , the road needs to be restored which will result in patches on the road surface . Due to a different settling rate of the backfill material relative to the original pavement , the road surface condition may be deteriorated after the road restoration . This will require ongoing maintenance and repairs .
See also
Subsurface utility engineering
Utility vault
References
Pavements
Surface
Summers County Schools ( EST 1994 ) is the operating school district within Summers County , West Virginia . It operates one high school that has grades 9-12 , one middle school with grades 6-8 , and three elementary schools with pre-k through 5th . It is governed by the Summers County Board of Education .
Schools
High schools
Summers County High School
Middle schools
Summers Middle School
Elementary schools
Jumping Branch Elementary School
Hinton Area Elementary School
Talcott Elementary School
External links
Summers County Schools
School districts in West Virginia
Education in Summers County , West Virginia
The Puerto Rico Industrial Development Company ( PRIDCO ) — ( or simply Fomento ) — is a government-owned corporation of Puerto Rico authorized and empowered to induce private capital into Puerto Rico in order to establish trade , cooperatives , and industrial operations in Puerto Rico . As its primary function , PRIDCO is known for providing incentives to both native and foreign companies that either manufacture in Puerto Rico or export from Puerto Rico .
History
PRIDCO was created by the government of Puerto Rico in 1942 along with the Puerto Rico Government Development Bank ( GDB ) during the governorship of Rexford G. Tugwell . Its purpose was to finance the construction and operational management of industrial parks where stateside manufacturing companies could find low-rent venues for their operations .
For decades , PRIDCO operated as a subsidiary of the Puerto Rico Economic Development Administration ( PREDA ) ; the agency that oversaw the systematic operation which transformed the economy of Puerto Rico from an agricultural economy into an industrial one known as Operation Bootstrap . Bootstrap was the brainchild of PREDA 's first administrator , Teodoro Moscoso . Other notable industrialists served in PREDA as well , such as Hugo David Storer Tavarez who served as the director of promotion for some years , and William Riefkohl who served as its deputy administrator from 1988 to 1992 .
As PREDA continued to transform Puerto Rico , PRIDCO eventually became an independent agency . A government reorganization eventually merged PREDA into PRIDCO , establishing PRIDCO as the focal agency for all manufacturing in Puerto Rico while PREDA ceased to exist .
Today , PRIDCO also oversees the program to promote Puerto Rican rums which enjoy cover-over subsidies when sold in the United States . The agency is also now under the umbrella of the Department of Economic Development and Commerce of Puerto Rico ( DDEC ) , an executive department .
In 2019 , the agency was tasked with creating a database of business owners who are veterans of the United States military with a mandate to adhere to a law that requires supporting and helping veteran business owners .
Along with the Puerto Rico Department of Agriculture , in 2019 , the organization discussed plans to import coffee beans from different locations in order to mix and cultivate new coffee plants in Puerto Rico .
In August , 2019 employees of PRIDCO protested against the direction of PROMESA , the non-elected board working on restructuring Puerto Rico 's debt . PRIDCO employees demanded more transparency and more consideration for the work PRIDCO has been doing for decades .
In early 2020 , the police were investigating the illegal transfer of funds by PRIDCO to overseas accounts .
Executive Directors
As PREDA
Teodoro Moscoso
José Madera
Manuel Dubón
Xavier Romeu
As PRIDCO
Enrique Rodríguez Negrón
Xavier Romeu
Jaime Morgan Stubbe
William Riefkohl
Jorge Silva Puras
Boris Jaskille
Javier Vazquez Morales
2011–2013 : José Pérez Riera
2013–present : Antonio Medina Comas
Rafael L Ignacio Torres 1961-1965 vice-president PRIDCO
Rafael L Ignacio Torres 1984-1990 President of PRIDCO
References
1942 establishments in Puerto Rico
Financial services companies established in 1942
Government-owned corporations of Puerto Rico
Industrial development agencies
Manufacturing in Puerto Rico
Iacovos ( Makis ) Keravnos ( ; born 18 December 1951 ) is a Cypriot banker and politician . They served as a Minister of Labour and Social Insurance from 03/03/2003 until 18/05/2004 and from 19 May 2004 until 30 August 2005 Minister of Finance of Cyprus . Since then ( 1 September 2005-2014 ) , they were the CEO of Cyprus ' third largest bank , Hellenic Bank Public Company Limited Group .
Was the first Minister of Finance after the accession of Cyprus to the EU and represented Cyprus on various Councils of Ministers of the EU . In May 2004 , led Cyprus to the Exchange Rate Mechanism , which was the first step towards integration into the Eurozone .
In 2006 appointed by the Council of Ministers as chairperson of the board of directors of the Cyprus Broadcasting Corporation for a full term in office ( 2006-2009 ) .
Appointed member of the board of directors of Hellenic Bank on 20 July 2006 and also chairperson of the board of directors of Hellenic Alico Life Insurance Company Limited .
References
previous ministers of labour https : //web.archive.org/web/20190730111519/http : //www.mlsi.gov.cy/mlsi/mlsi.nsf/mlsi10_gr/mlsi10_gr ? OpenDocument
1951 births
Living people
Cyprus Ministers of Finance
Greek Cypriot people
Cypriot businesspeople
Cyprus Ministers of Labour and Social Insurance
203001–203100
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
203101–203200
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
203201–203300
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
203301–203400
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
203401–203500
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
203501–203600
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
203601–203700
|-id=602
| 203602 Danjoyce || 2002 ED || Daniel P. Joyce ( born 1948 ) , an American precision mirror maker and astronomy enthusiast who has been the president of the Chicago Astronomical Society ||
| }
203701–203800
|-id=773
| 203773 Magyarics || || Rudolf Magyarics ( born 1960 ) , friend of Slovak astronomer Stefan Kürti , who was an early observer of this main-belt asteroid ||
| }
203801–203900
|-id=823
| 203823 Zdanavicius || || Kazimieras Zdanavičius ( born 1938 ) , Lithuanian astronomer and discoverer of minor planets , and leading researcher at the Institute of Theoretical Physics and Astronomy in Vilnius ||
| }
203901–204000
|-bgcolor= # f2f2f2
| colspan=4 align=center |
| }
References
203001-204000
Ruppertsecken is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
NGC 596 is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Cetus . The galaxy lies 65 million light years away from Earth , which means , given its apparent dimensions , that NGC 596 is approximately 60,000 light years across . The galaxy shows an outer envelope and is a merger remnant . The surface brightness profil is smooth and featureless . The galaxy hosts a supermassive black hole , whose mass is estimated to be 170 million ( 108.24 ) .
NGC 596 belongs at the NGC 584 galaxy group , which also includes the galaxies NGC 584 , which lies 25 minutes to the northwest , NGC 600 , NGC 615 and NGC 636 .
The galaxy is included in the Herschel 400 Catalogue . It lies about 2 and half degrees northeast from theta Ceti .
References
External links
Elliptical galaxies
Cetus ( constellation )
0596
005766
`` The King and Queen of America '' is a song recorded by pop music duo Eurythmics . It was written by group members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart with Jimmy Iovine . The track appears on their album We Too Are One and was released as the album 's third UK single in January 1990 .
The song 's music video showed Lennox and Stewart in a variety of costumes and settings which parodied various aspects of American pop culture , including a game show host and hostess , singing cowboy and cowgirl à la Roy Rogers and Dale Evans , and Ronald and Nancy Reagan .
Although not released as a single in the United States , `` The King and Queen of America '' received a fair amount of airplay on MTV .
Speaking to Stephen Holden of the Chicago Tribune in September 1989 , Lennox spoke about the song and its message :
Track listings
CD single
`` The King And Queen of America '' ( Album Version ) - 4:31
`` There Must Be An Angel ( Playing with My Heart ) '' ( Live ) - 6:30 *
`` I Love You Like A Ball And Chain '' ( Live ) - 4:41 *
`` See No Evil '' ( Non-LP Track ) - 4:10
same recording found on Live 1983–1989
7 '' single
A : `` The King And Queen of America '' ( Album Version ) - 4:31
B : `` See No Evil '' ( Non-LP Track ) - 4:10
12 '' single
A : `` The King And Queen of America '' ( Dance Remix ) - 6:11
B1 : `` The King And Queen of America '' ( Dub Remix ) - 4:52
B2 : `` See No Evil '' ( Non-LP Track ) - 4:10
12 '' single
A : `` The King And Queen of America '' ( Dub Remix ) - 4:52
B1 : `` The King And Queen of America '' ( Album Version ) - 4:31
B2 : `` The King And Queen of America '' ( Dance Remix ) - 6:11
Charts
References
King and Queen of America
King and Queen of America
RCA Records singles
Songs written by David A. Stewart
Songs written by Annie Lennox
1989 songs
Song recordings produced by Jimmy Iovine
Dibble Bluff ( ) is a conspicuous rock bluff , south of Marshall Cirque on the west side of White Island , Ross Archipelago . It rises abruptly from McMurdo Ice Shelf to over . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( 1999 ) after Raymond R. Dibble of the Department of Geology , Victoria University of Wellington , who investigated volcanic eruptions and the seismicity of nearby Mount Erebus in five seasons , 1980–81 through 1984–85 .
References
Cliffs of the Ross Dependency
White Island ( Ross Archipelago )
Dovhyi Voinyliv ( , ) is a village in Kalush Raion , Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast , Ukraine . Before World War II the village was part of Kałusz county in Stanisławów Voivodship , Second Republic of Poland . Dovhyi Voinyliv belongs to Verkhnia rural hromada , one of the hromadas of Ukraine .
World War II
During the wave of massacres of Poles in Volhynia between 1942 and 1945 , Dołha Wojniłowska was one of hundreds of sites of mass murder of Polish civilians by OUN-UPA . On April 2 , 1944 local Catholic priest , Rev . Błażej Czuba , was burned alive in their parish with 85 people . Soon after , on the first night of Easter , April 9–10 , 1944 , additional 64 people were massacred there during an OUN-UPA murderous raid overlooked by SS-Galizien . The attack was accompanied by the burning and razing of farmhouses , schools and churches .
References
Notes
Sources
Grzegorz Hryciuk , Holocaust in Eastern Galicia 1941-1944 .
Villages in Kalush Raion
Bill Cole is the current Mayor of Billings , Montana .
Early life and education
Cole was born and raised in Bozeman , Montana . They earned a Bachelor 's degree in history from Dartmouth College and received their law degree from Columbia Law School . Cole and their wife returned to Billings in 1991 , where they practiced law and they are a professor at Montana State University .
Career
Before entering local politics , Cole practiced real estate , land use , and commercial contracts law . They also served as chair of the Billings Chamber of Commerce . Cole was elected on November 7 , 2017 , succeeding two-term mayor , Tom Hanel , who was term-limited . Cole faced member of the Montana Senate , Jeff Essmann , defeating them by 7,000 votes .
References
Columbia Law School alumni
Dartmouth College alumni
Living people
Mayors of places in Montana
People from Bozeman , Montana
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Rashid Naseer ( Urdu : ) ( born 4 March 1986 in Muzaffarabad , Azad Kashmir ) , is a Pakistani cricketer .
Domestic career
Naseer made their debut for AJK Jaguars against Peshawar Panthers in the 2014–15 National T20 Cup . They got a score of 4 and did n't bowl as Peshawar won by 9 wickets . In 2021 , Naseer was selected by Overseas Warriors during the 2021 KPL draft in the emerging category . They did n't play in any match as Overseas Warriors went on to get knocked out in the 1st eliminator .
References
External links
Rashid Naseer at Pakistan Cricket Board
1986 births
Living people
Pakistani cricketers
People from Azad Kashmir
James George Watson , who performed as James Cruickshank ( 1962 – 8 October 2015 ) , was an Australian musician . They were the long-term guitarist and keyboardist for indie rock group , the Cruel Sea . As a solo artist they released three albums , Hymn for Them ( 2003 ) , Hello Human ( 2007 ) and Note to Self ( 2011 ) . In 2014 they were diagnosed with bowel cancer and died in the following year , aged 53 .
Biography
James George Watson was born in 1962 in Melbourne and grew up with two siblings . Their mother , Margaret Cruickshank , was a television actor – they used their last name as their performance name . They received music lessons and performed classical music while at primary school . After secondary education they worked as a labourer . At 23 they relocated to Sydney where they completed a degree course in Communications and started in a band , Gargoyles .
In 1987 Cruickshank , on guitar , keyboards and vocals , was a founding member of Sydney-based indie rock band , Widdershins , along with Greg Appel on vocals and guitar , Peter Timmerman on drums , Barry Turnbull on bass guitar and Juliet Ward on vocals . They released a full-length album , Ascension , in May 1989 before breaking up later that year . Cruickshank and Ward then formed Juliet Hammerhead and Friends . They played with Neil Murray and the Rainmakers during 1989 , and was a member of the Blackeyed Susans in 1991 , appearing on their extended play , Anchor Me .
Cruickshank , on keyboards , guitar and backing vocals , joined another Sydney-based indie rock band , the Cruel Sea , in 1989 . Whille attending the group 's gigs at the Landsdowne Hotel , they had `` started getting up with the band , only to lend the occasional hand on keyboards '' before they formally joined . The line-up included Jim Eliott on drums , Ken Gormly on bass guitar , Tex Perkins on lead vocals , harmonica and guitar and Dan Rumour on guitar .
They remained with the Cruel Sea until they broke up in 2003 , and reunited with them to tour in 2008 and again in 2010 . They also played with Cruel Sea bandmate , Perkins , as a member of the Cruel Three ( 1992 ) , then Tex Perkins and Their Ladyboyz ( 2008 ) and appeared on Tex Perkins and the Dark Horses 's self-titled album .
Cruickshank released three solo albums through Vitamin Records , Hymn for Them ( 2003 ) , Hello Human ( 2007 ) and Note to Self ( 2011 ) , and toured nationally to support them . James Cruickshank died on 8 October 2015 , a year after being diagnosed with bowel cancer .
Discography
Hymn for Them ( 2003 ) - Vitamin
Hello Human ( 2007 ) - Vitamin
Note to Self ( 2011 ) - Vitamin
Tex Perkins and Their Ladyboyz
No . 1 's & No . 2 's ( 2008 ) - Universal
The Cruel Sea
See The Cruel Sea Discography
The Blackeyed Susans
Anchor Me EP ( 1991 ) - Waterfront Records
Widdershins
Ascension ( 1989 ) - Waterfront Records
Good Songs 1987-1989 ( 2005 ) - Egg Records
`` Now You Know / Dishwashing Liquid '' ( 1987 ) - Waterfront Records
Bottle Man 's Wife EP ( 1988 ) - Waterfront Records
`` Return of the King '' / `` Bugle Call '' ( 1989 ) - Waterfront Records
`` Now You Know '' ( 2006 ) - Egg Records
References
External links
Australian rock musicians
1962 births
2015 deaths
Mount Nimrod ( officially Mount Nimrod/Kaumira since 2010 ) is a hill in the Hunters Hills area of Canterbury , New Zealand . It is situated within the Mount Nimrod Reserve .
References
Hills of New Zealand
Pjetër Bogdani ( c. 1630 – 6 December 1689 ) , known in Italian as Pietro Bogdano , was the most original writer of early literature in Albania . They were authored of the Cuneus Prophetarum ( The Band of the Prophets ) , 1685 , the first prose work of substance written originally in ( Gheg ) Albanian ( i.e . not a translation ) . They organized a resistance against the Ottomans and a pro-Austrian movement in Kosovo in 1689 that included Muslim and Christian Albanians .
Life and work
They were born in the village of Gur in the area of Has , near Prizren in 1630 . Its exact location is unknown , but Robert Elsie has proposed two modern day villages of Gjonaj and Breg Drini in Prizren area . Bogdani was educated in the traditions of the Catholic church . Their uncle Andrea Bogdani ( c. 1600–1683 ) was Archbishop of Skopje and author of a Latin-Albanian grammar , now lost . Bogdani is said to have received their initial schooling from the Franciscans at Chiprovtsi in modern northwestern Bulgaria and then studied at the Illyrian College of Loreto near Ancona , as had their predecessors Pjetër Budi and Frang Bardhi . From 1651 to 1654 they served as a parish priest in Pult and from 1654 to 1656 studied at the College of the Propaganda Fide in Rome where they graduated as a doctor of philosophy and theology . In 1656 , they were named Bishop of Shkodra , a post they held for twenty-one years , and was also appointed Administrator of the Archdiocese of Antivari ( Bar ) until 1671 .
During the most troubled years of the Ottoman - Austrian war , 1664–1669 , they took refuge in the villages of Barbullush and Rjoll near Shkodra . A cave near Rjoll , in which they took refuge , still bears their name . Eventually , they were captured by the Ottomans and imprisoned in the fort of Shkodër . The bishop of Durrës , Shtjëfen Gaspëri later reported to the Propaganda Fide that they were rescued by the brothers Pepë and Nikollë Kastori . In 1677 , they succeeded their uncle as Archbishop of Skopje and Administrator of Roman Catholic parishes in the Kingdom of Serbia . The Gashi and Krasniqja tribes were in frequent conflicts with one another until 1680 , when Pjetër Bogdani managed to reconcile 24 blood feuds between the two tribes . Their religious zeal and patriotic fervour kept them at odds with Ottoman forces , and in the atmosphere of war and confusion which reigned , they were obliged to flee to Ragusa , from where they continued on to Venice and Padua , taking their manuscripts with him . In Padua they were cordially received by Cardinal Gregorio Barbarigo , Bishop of Padua at that time , whom they had served in Rome . Cardinal Barbarigo was responsible for the church affairs in the East and as such they had a keen interest in the cultures of the Levant , including Albania . The cardinal had also founded a printing press in Padua , the Tipografia del Seminario , which served the needs of oriental languages and had fonts for Hebrew , Arabic and Armenian . Barbarigo was thus well disposed , willing and able to assist Bogdani in the latter 's historic undertaking .
After arranging for the publication of the Cuneus Prophetarum , Bogdani returned to the Balkans in March 1686 and spent the next years promoting resistance to the armies of the Ottoman Empire , in particular in Kosovo . They and their vicar Toma Raspasani played a leading role in the pro-Austrian movement in Kosovo during the Great Turkish War . They contributed a force of 6,000 Albanian soldiers to the Austrian army which had arrived in Pristina and accompanied it to capture Prizren . There , however , they and much of their army were met by another equally formidable adversary , the plague . Bogdani returned to Pristina but succumbed to the disease there in 6 December 1689 . Their nephew , Gjergj Bogdani , reported in 1698 that their uncle 's remains were later exhumed by Turkish and Tatar soldiers and fed to the dogs in the middle of the square in Pristina . So ended one of the great figures of early Albanian culture , the writer often referred to as the father of Albanian prose .
Poetry
It was in Padua in 1685 that the Cuneus Prophetarum , their vast treatise on theology , was published in Albanian and Italian with the assistance of Cardinal Barbarigo . Bogdani had finished the Albanian version ten years earlier but was refused permission to publish it by the Propaganda Fide which ordered that the manuscript be translated first , no doubt to facilitate the work of the censor . The full title of the published version is :
`` Cvnevs prophetarvm de Christo salvatore mvndi et eivs evangelica veritate , italice et epirotice contexta , et in duas partes diuisa a Petro Bogdano Macedone , Sacr . Congr . de Prop . Fide alvmno , Philosophiae & Sacrae Theologiae Doctore , olim Episcopo Scodrensi & Administratore Antibarensi , nunc vero Archiepiscopo Scvporvm ac totivs regni Serviae Administratore ''
( The Band of the Prophets Concerning Christ , Saviour of the World and their Gospel Truth , edited in Italian and Epirotic and divided into two parts by Pjetër Bogdani of Macedonia , student of the Holy Congregation of the Propaganda Fide , doctor of philosophy and holy theology , formerly Bishop of Shkodra and Administrator of Antivari and now Archbishop of Skopje and Administrator of all the Kingdom of Serbia . )
The Cuneus Prophetarum was printed in the Latin alphabet as used in Italian , with the addition of the same Cyrillic characters employed by Pjetër Budi and Frang Bardhi . Bogdani seems therefore to have had access to their works . During their studies at the College of the Propaganda Fide , they are known to have requested Albanian books from the college printer : `` five copies of the Christian Doctrine and five Albanian dictionaries , '' most certainly the works of Budi and Bardhi . In a report to the Propaganda Fide in 1665 , they also mention a certain Euangelii in Albanese ( Gospels in Albanian ) of which they had heard , a possible reference to Buzuku 's missal of 1555 .
The Cuneus Prophetarum was published in two parallel columns , one in Albanian and one in Italian , and is divided into two volumes , each with four sections ( scala ) . The first volume , which is preceded by dedications and eulogies in Latin , Albanian , Serbian and Italian , and includes two eight-line poems in Albanian , one by their cousin Luca Bogdani and one by Luca Summa , deals primarily with themes from the Old Testament : i ) How God created man , ii ) The prophets and their metaphors concerning the coming of the Messiah , iii ) The lives of the prophets and their prophecies , iv ) The songs of the ten Sibyls . The second volume , entitled De vita Jesu Christi salvatoris mundi ( On the life of Jesus Christ , saviour of the world ) , is devoted mostly to the New Testament : i ) The life of Jesus Christ , ii ) The miracles of Jesus Christ , iii ) The suffering and death of Jesus Christ , iv ) The resurrection and second coming of Christ . This section includes a translation from the Book of Daniel , 9 . 24–26 , in eight languages : Latin , Greek , Armenian , Syriac , Hebrew , Arabic , Italian and Albanian , and is followed by a chapter on the life of the Antichrist , by indices in Italian and Albanian and by a three-page appendix on the Antichità della Casa Bogdana ( Antiquity of the House of the Bogdanis ) .
The work was reprinted twice under the title L'infallibile verità della cattolica fede , Venice 1691 and 1702 ( The infallible truth of the Catholic faith ) .
The Cuneus Prophetarum is considered to be the masterpiece of early Albanian literature and is the first work in Albanian of full artistic and literary quality . In scope , it covers philosophy , theology and science ( with digressions on geography , astronomy , physics and history ) . With its poetry and literary prose , it touches on questions of aesthetic and literary theory . It is a humanist work of the Baroque Age steeped in the philosophical traditions of Plato , Aristotle , St Augustine , and St Thomas Aquinas . Bogdani 's fundamental philosophical aim is a knowledge of God , an unravelling of the problem of existence , for which they strive with reason and intellect .
Bogdani 's talents are certainly most evident in their prose . In their work we encounter for the first time what may be considered an Albanian literary language . As such , they may justly bear the title of father of Albanian prose . Their modest religious poetry is , nonetheless , not devoid of interest . The corpus of their verse are the Songs of the Ten Sibyls ( the Cumaean , Libyan , Delphic , Persian , Erythraean , Samian , Cumanian , Hellespontic , Phrygian , and Tiburtine ) , which are imbued with the Baroque penchant for religious themes and Biblical allusions .
Legacy
Pjetër Bogdani is depicted on the obverse of the Albanian 1000 lekë banknote issued since 1996 .
See also
Albanian literature
Culture of Albania
Llukë Bogdani
Notes
References
External links
Bogdani at the site Albanian Literature , including the first version of this biography and translated Bogdani 's poetry in English .
Çeta e profetëve by Pjetër Bogdani ( 1685 ) ; link split into two parts ( In Old Albanian )
DE VITA IESU CHRISTI , SALVATORIS MUNDI , ET EIUS EVANGELICA VERITATE , ITALICE ET EPIROTICE CONTEXTA , ... PETRO BOGDANO MACEDONE , SACR . CONGR . DE PROP . FIDE ALUMNO ... ARCHIEPISCOPO SCUPORUM AC TOTIUS REGNI SERVIAE , ... Edition PATAVII , 1685 . In Latin and Albanian .
1630 births
1689 deaths
Albanians of the Ottoman Empire
17th-century Albanian writers
Albanian Roman Catholic archbishops
17th-century deaths from plague ( disease )
Members of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples
People from Prizren
Kosovo Albanians
Bishops of Skopje
Bishops in the Ottoman Empire
Jownush ( , also Romanized as Jownūsh ; also known as Jonūsh ) is a village in Farmahin Rural District , in the Central District of Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 216 , in 63 families .
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Hyon Song-wol ( ; born 1977 ) is a North Korean singer , band leader , and politician . They are the leader of the Moranbong Band and of the Samjiyon Orchestra . They were formerly a featured vocalist for the Pochonbo Electronic Ensemble in the early 2000s , a pop group which found fame in North Korea in the late 1980s and 1990s . They have been a member in the Central Committee of the Workers ' Party of Korea since 2017 .
Early career
Hyon was a vocalist for the Pochonbo Electronic Ensemble . Them the biggest hit was the song `` A Girl on a Steed '' , a 2005 song extolling the virtues of a Stakhanovite textile factory worker . The accompanying music video stars Hyon in the role of `` the hero , dashing around a sparkling factory with a beatific smile , distributing bobbins and collecting swatches of cloth at top speed . '' The lyrics include :
Our factory comrades say in jest ,
Why , they tell me I am a virgin on a stallion ,
After a full day 's work I still have energy left ...
They say I am a virgin on a stallion ,
Mounting a stallion my Dear Leader gave me .
All my life I will live to uphold their name !
Hyon 's other best known songs include , `` Footsteps of Soldiers '' , `` I Love Pyongyang '' , `` She is a Discharged Soldier '' and `` We are Troops of the Party '' .
Marriage and rumors of involvement with Kim Jong-un
Hyon disappeared from public view in 2006 when , according to reports in the Japanese media , they married a North Korean army officer with whom they had a child . They were reported to have known Kim Jong-un , the youngest son of former North Korean leader Kim Jong-il , since they were both teenagers . South Korean government sources told the media that Hyon and Kim Jong-un had been romantically involved in the early 2000s after they returned to North Korea from their studies at a public school in Switzerland . Their father reportedly disapproved of the relationship and the younger Kim and Hyon broke it off .
Following Kim Jong-il 's death in December 2011 , Kim Jong-un was thought to have resumed the relationship . According to South Korean intelligence sources , `` rumors about the two having an affair have been circulating among Pyongyang 's top elite '' .
In early July 2012 , public interest in Kim Jong-Un 's personal life increased when Korean Central Television , North Korea 's state-run media station , released footage of Kim sitting next to a then-unidentified woman who frequently appeared with them in public events . South Korean intelligence officials initially identified the woman as Hyon . However , on 25 July 2012 , North Korean media announced that the woman was Ri Sol-ju .
Execution rumor
On 29 August 2013 , The Chosun Ilbo reported that Hyon had been executed by firing squad on the orders of Kim Jong-un along with eleven other performers , including violinist Mun Kyong-jin , both of whom had allegedly made illegal pornographic videos . According to a source quoted by the newspaper , `` They were executed with machine guns while the key members of the Unhasu Orchestra , the Wangjaesan Light Music Band and the Moranbong Band as well as the families of the victims looked on '' .
Pyongyang 's state news agency KCNA denied claims that the singer was executed , and a Japanese news magazine reported that they were seen subsequently .
On 16 May 2014 , Hyon appeared on North Korean television participating in the National Convention of Artists , disproving the rumors .
Later career
Hyon is the leader of the Moranbong Band and of the Samjiyon Orchestra .
In December 2015 , Hyon travelled to Beijing to perform with the Moranbong Band in a series of private concerts .
In 2017 , they were appointed to the Central Committee of the Workers ' Party of Korea . They participated in talks with South Korea to prepare for North Korea 's participation in the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Olympics . During the Games , they organized concerts by North Korean performers .
Hyon 's visibility in North Korean politics increased in 2020 , when they made multiple appearances , including their inspection of typhoon-ravaged areas with Kim Jong-Un , in their country . They were re-elected to the Central Committee at the 8th Congress of the WPK .
See also
Media coverage of North Korea
List of North Korean musicians
Music of North Korea
Notes
References
External links
Living people
North Korean women singers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century North Korean women politicians
21st-century North Korean politicians
1977 births
Korean-language singers
21st-century North Korean women
Members of the 8th Central Committee of the Workers ' Party of Korea
21st-century women singers
Akassh Sen , known simply as Akassh , is a well known Indian Bengali music composer and singer .
Career
They are a music director of Bengali feature films and television . They are also a singer and composer . Their career started with their first album , Sweety , in 2004 . Akassh Sen not only composes music for Indian films , but also composes music for the Bangladeshi films and albums as well . One of their most popular and prominent music composition is `` Kotobar Bojhabo Bol '' from the film `` Angaar '' in the voice of Mohammad Irfan .
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
Film soundtracks
As composer
As singer
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Soundcloud
lyrics
lyrics
lyrics
lyrics
Bengali lyrics
YouTube
Living people
Bengali singers
1986 births
Musicians from Kolkata
Lansing is a village in Tompkins County , New York , United States . The population was 3,529 at the 2010 census .
The Village of Lansing is in the Town of Lansing and is located just north of the City of Ithaca .
Ithaca Tompkins International Airport ( ITH ) lies partially in the eastern part of the village .
History
Lansing was formerly within the territory of the Cayuga tribe and later became part of the Central New York Military Tract .
The village was incorporated in 1974 .
Geography
Lansing is located at ( 42.487688 , -76.486075 ) .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the village has a total area of 4.6 square miles ( 12.0 km2 ) , of which , 4.6 square miles ( 11.9 km2 ) of it is land and 0.22 % is water .
The village is at the south end of Cayuga Lake . It borders the Towns of Dryden and Ithaca and also the Village of Cayuga Heights .
New York State Route 13 passes across the village , joining New York State Route 34 , which passes down the west side of the village , south of the village line .
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 3,417 people , 1,620 households , and 808 families residing in the village . The population density was 740.7 people per square mile ( 286.2/km2 ) . There were 1,705 housing units at an average density of 369.6 per square mile ( 142.8/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the village was 68.01 % White , 5.12 % Black or African American , 0.23 % Native American , 22.51 % Asian , 0.06 % Pacific Islander , 1.40 % from other races , and 2.66 % from two or more races . Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.54 % of the population .
There were 1,620 households , out of which 23.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 41.4 % were married couples living together , 6.0 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 50.1 % were non-families . 38.8 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 6.6 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.82 .
In the village , the population was spread out , with 18.9 % under the age of 18 , 11.4 % from 18 to 24 , 41.1 % from 25 to 44 , 19.3 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.3 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 32 years . For every 100 females , there were 101.7 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 99.0 males .
The median income for a household in the village was $ 38,185 , and the median income for a family was $ 48,167 . Males had a median income of $ 41,650 versus $ 31,181 for females . The per capita income for the village was $ 29,047 . About 9.5 % of families and 12.3 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 18.5 % of those under age 18 and 1.6 % of those age 65 or over .
Notable people
Tim DeKay , actor
References
External links
1974 establishments in New York ( state )
Populated places established in 1974
Villages in Tompkins County , New York
Villages in New York ( state )
Garda is a town and comune on the shore of Lake Garda , in the province of Verona , Veneto , northeastern Italy .
Garda is from Verona , and is one of the smallest towns in the whole province .
Main sights
The historical centre of the town , with narrow streets , is still intact . Sights include :
Villa degli Albertini ( 16th century ) with its magnolia trees ,
Palazzo dei Capitani ( Captain 's Palace ) , a pale-yellow edifice built in Venetian Gothic style ( 14th century )
Palazzo Carlotti , built in Renaissance style
Santa Maria Assunta . This parish church dates from the 6th-7th century , but was rebuilt starting in 1530 by Giovanni Matteo Giberti . However , the construction was stopped due to lack of funds , and the church , dedicated to the Assumption of the Virgin Mary , was completed only in 1764 . The door portals ( 1824 ) are made with white Veronese stone . The interior consists of a nave and two aisles . The eastern side is divided by on six heavy columns , while the southern side has four lighter ones . They are all connected by round arches . The statues of Saints Peter and Paul ( 1886 ) were made by the Veronese sculptor Righetti , while a large wooden crucifix dates from the 14th-15th centuries . Behind the crucifix is the printed edict of Pope Innocent II ( November 1138 ) resolving the allocation of tithes . The side altar of St. Anthony of Padua dates from 1720 . The altarpiece was painted by Simone Brentani , while the statues in Carrara marble represent San Fabiano and San Sebastiano . The two walnut confessionals ( 17th century ) were carved by the workshop of Andrea Brustolon in Rococo style . The side altar ( 1648 ) in the `` Capella dei Caduti '' contains a wooden statue of `` Madonna and Child '' ( in Veronese style , 15th century ) . In the right aisle is located the side altar with the paintings of Saints Luigi Gonzaga and Vincenzo Ferreri by Gaspare Diziani ( 1764 ) . The baptismal font dates from the 17th century . The main altar dates from mid 16th century and stands in front of the organ ( 1958 ) . Behind the altar on the wall is an Assumption of Mary ( 17th century ) . The two statues of angels in front of the altar were sculpted by Francesco Filippini ( 1600 ) . The pulpit was made out of briar root and walnut .
Rocca of Garda , castle standing 300 m over the town , which offers views over the whole lake . Over the same site is located the 15th century Carmelite monastery .
San Vigilio , a village whose names come from Saint Vigilius ( San Vigilio ) , the Bishop of Trento from 385 to 402 AD . In 1540 Agostino Brenzoni built their villa here within a small park , with design by Michele Sammicheli . People who have stayed at the Brenzoni Villa include Tsar Alexander , the King of Naples , Winston Churchill , Laurence Olivier , King Juan Carlos and the British royal family .
Bounding communes
Bardolino
Costermano
Manerba del Garda
San Felice del Benaco
Torri del Benaco
References
External links
Comune di Garda
Interactive 360° panorama of Garda
Cities and towns in Veneto
Wine regions of Italy
Havana Maestros – AmeriCuba is a collaborative album by Havana Maestros , which fuses a cast of Cuban musicians including Barbarito Torres and Amadito Valdes of the Buena Vista Social Club , with tracks from American artists such as Missy Elliott , Janelle Monáe , Jason Derulo , Ben E. King , Fun. , Otis Redding , Chic , Dionne Warwick , B.o.B . and others . With Major Lazer they recorded a bonus track , a Cuban version of the song `` Lean On '' , which is only available as an online download . The album was produced by the Berman Brothers .
Track listing
`` Good Times '' – Chic
`` Whatcha Say '' – Jason Derulo
`` Stand By Me '' – Ben E. King
`` Get Ur Freak On '' – Missy Elliott
`` We Are Young '' – Fun
`` ( Sittin ' On ) The Dock of the Bay '' – Otis Redding
`` Ritmo Cubano '' – Havana Maestros
`` I Say a Little Prayer '' – Dionne Warwick
`` Airplanes '' – B.o.B and Hayley Williams
`` Tightrope '' – Janelle Monáe
`` Fly '' – Sugar Ray
`` Ven '' – Havana Maestros
`` A Mi Manera '' – Havana Maestros
Online bonus track
`` Lean On '' – Major Lazer
References
Further reading
Billboard review of Havana Maestros – AmeriCuba
Billboard review of Havana Maestros feat . Major Lazor – Lean On
External links
Official website
Havana Maestros on Facebook
Covers albums
Dance music albums by Cuban artists
Buena Vista Social Club
Salsa compilation albums
2017 compilation albums
Universal Music Group compilation albums
Son cubano compilation albums
Bolero compilation albums
Albums produced by the Berman Brothers ( producers )
Spanish-language compilation albums
Mambo compilation albums
Compilation albums by Cuban artists
The following is a list of notable events and releases that happened in Scandinavian music in 2019 . ( Go to last year in Scandinavian music or next year in Scandinavian music . )
Events
January
10 – The 18th All Ears festival opens in Oslo , Norway , running until 12 January .
25-3 February – The 32nd Nordlysfestivalen is held in Tromsø . Performers include Dmitry Shishkin and Wenche Myhre .
31
The 8th Bodø Jazz Open Vinterjazz opens in Bodø , Norway , running until 2 February .
The 21st Polarjazz Festival opens in Longyearbyen , Svalbard , running until 3 February .
February
14 – The annual Ice Music Festival opens in Finse , Norway , running until 16 February . Performers include Maria Skranes , Ivar Kolve and Snorre Bjerck .
23 – At the 49th Dansk Melodi Grand Prix final , held at the Jyske Bank Boxen in Herning Leonora emerges as overall winner with the song `` Love Is Forever '' ; they thus becomes Denmark 's representative in this year 's Eurovision Song Contest .
March
6 – The 50th Turku Jazz Festival opens in Åbo , Finland , running until 10 March .
9
Melodifestivalen 2019 concludes at the Friends Arena in Stockholm , with John Lundvik emerging as overall winner with the song `` Too Late for Love '' ; they thus becomes Sweden 's representative in this year 's Eurovision Song Contest .
The 6th Faroese Music Awards ceremony takes place at the Nordic House ( Norðurlandahúsið ) , Tórshavn . Teitur Lassen wins Best Artist and Best Song .
22 – The Blue House Youth Jazz Festival opens in Stockholm , Sweden , running until 24 March .
28 – Icelandic band Sigur Rós are charged with tax evasion , covering the period 2011-2014 .
April
4 – Wisting , Norway 's most expensive TV series to date , is launched , with music by Jacob Groth , Ole Bo , and Sören Möller .
12 – The Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra ( FRSO ) announces that Hannu Lintu 's term as chief conductor will end with the 2020-2021 season .
30 – Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra announces that Finnish conductor Osmo Vänskä has signed a three-year contract to be its next musical director , beginning from January 2020 .
May
2 – The Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra names Nicholas Collon as its next chief conductor , to replace Hannu Lintu ; Collon will be the first non-Finnish conductor ever to be chief conductor of the FRSO .
9 – Finnish National Opera and Ballet names Hannu Lintu as its next chief conductor ; Lintu will hold the post from 1 January 2022 to 30 June 2026 .
18 – In the final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2019 , Sweden finishes in 5th place , Norway in 6th place , Iceland in 10th place and Denmark in 12th place . Finland did not reach the final . The UK entry , written by Sweden 's John Lundvik , finishes in last place .
22 – The UK 's Philharmonia Orchestra names Finnish conductor Santtu-Matias Rouvali as its next principal conductor , as from the 2021-2022 season , with an initial contract of 5 years .
June
12
The Iceland Symphony Orchestra announces that Eva Ollikainen will be its next chief conductor and artistic advisor , the first female conductor ever to take on the role ; their contract will be from the 2020-2021 season until 2024 .
The Bergenfest music festival opens in Bergen , Norway , running until 15 June . The line-up includes Patti Smith and Robert Plant .
13 – The Norwegian Wood music festival opens in Oslo , Norway , running until 15 June .
July
4
The 20th Folk music festival of Siglufjordur opens in Siglufjordur , Iceland , running until 8 July .
The 23rd Skånevik Bluesfestival opens in Skånevik , Norway , running until 6 July .
5
The Baltic Jazz Festival opens in Dalsbruk , Finland , running until 7 July .
The 41st Copenhagen Jazz Festival opens in Copenhagen , Denmark , running until 14 July .
August
6 – The 20th Øyafestivalen opens in Oslo , Norway , running until 10 August .
8 – The 33rd Sildajazz opens in Haugesund , Norway , running until 9 August .
11 – The 34th Oslo Jazzfestival opens in Oslo , Norway , running until 17 August .
September
5 – The 20th Sibelius Festival opens in Lahti , Finland , running until 8 September . Performers include Karita Mattila , Folke Gräsbeck , and the Royal Stockholm Philharmonic Orchestra .
October
3 – The Norrköping Symphony Orchestra names Karl-Heinz Steffens as its next principal conductor and artistic advisor , beginning from the 2020-2021 season .
4 – The Copenhagen Opera Festival names Amy Lane as its new festival director ; they will be the first woman and the first non-Dane to hold the post .
18 – Hildur Guðnadóttir wins the Best Television Composer award at the World Soundtrack Awards for their score for the HBO/Sky series Chernobyl .
December
15 – Finnish band Children of Bodom play their last show before disbanding , at the Black Box venue in Helsinki .
25 – Swedish musical film , En del av mitt hjärta , is released .
Albums released
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Classical works
Daniel Bjarnason – From Space I saw Earth
Sebastian Fagerlund – Nomade
Anders Hillborg – Sound Atlas
Film and television scores
Ole Bo| Jacob Groth & Sören Möller – Wisting
Martin Horntveth – Twin
Eurovision Song Contest
Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest 2019
Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2019
Iceland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2019
Norway in the Eurovision Song Contest 2019
Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2019
Deaths
12 February - Olli Lindholm , 54 , Finnish singer and guitarist ( heart attack )
26 February - Magnus Lindberg , 66 , Swedish musician , singer and composer ( cancer )
20 March - Terje Nilsen , 67 , Norwegian singer-songwriter .
26 March - Master Fatman , 53 , Danish comedian , film director and singer
27 March - Audun Laading , 25 , Norwegian musician , member of Hers ( car crash )
5 May - Ib Glindemann , 84 , Danish jazz composer and bandleader
19 May - Alfred Janson , 82 , Norwegian composer and pianist
10 June
Ib Nørholm , 88 , Danish composer and organist
Sven-David Sandström , 76 , Swedish composer
5 July - Paolo Vinaccia , 65 , Italian drummer long resident in Norway
6 July – Thommy Gustafsson , 71 , keyboardist of Swedish band Sven-Ingvars
8 August - Erling Wicklund , 75 , Norwegian jazz trombonist and journalist .
18 September – Tony Mills , 57UK-born vocalist for Norwegian band TNT ( cancer )
2 October - Morten Stützer , Danish guitarist and former bassist of Artillery , 57
4 November - Timi Hansen , 61 , Danish bassist ( cancer )
5 November - Jan Erik Kongshaug , 75 , Norwegian jazz musician and sound engineer
9 December - Marie Fredriksson , 61 , Swedish singer-songwriter ( Roxette )
References
Scandinavian
Scandinavian culture
Tahiti Nui TV ( ) , abbreviated as TNTV , is a French Polynesian television channel . It was launched on and is in both the French and Tahitian languages .
Programming
See : List of programs broadcast by Tahiti Nui Television
TNTV airs three news providing TV shows , Te ve ' a , The Journal and Manihini .
References
External links
TNTV Replay
See also
List of programs broadcast by Tahiti Nui Television
Mass media in French Polynesia
Television networks in France
Wynton Alan Whai Rufer ( born 29 December 1962 ) is a New Zealand retired professional footballer who played as a striker . They spent more than a decade of their professional career in Switzerland and Germany , achieving their greatest success at Werder Bremen , where they won a total of four major titles and finished the top scorer in the UEFA Champions League 1993–94 season . They were also a member of the New Zealand national team in its first FIFA World Cup appearance in 1982 . They were named the Oceania Footballer of the Century by the Oceania Football Confederation .
Club career
Early career
Rufer was born in Wellington to a Swiss father and a New Zealand Māori mother . They affiliate to the Ngāti Porou iwi . After leaving the city 's Rongotai College , they played their first football for Wellington Diamond United , Stop Out and Miramar Rangers .
After being voted New Zealand 's Young Player of the Year in 1981 and 1982 , Rufer attracted the attention of Norwich City manager Ken Brown , who invited the player and their older brother Shane Rufer to Norfolk for a trial . They impressed and signed a professional contract on 23 October 1981 , becoming the first Kiwi to do so . However , they were denied a work permit to play in England , so they joined Fussballclub Zürich in May of the following year .
Switzerland
Rufer would play in Switzerland in the following seven years , also representing FC Aarau and Grasshopper Club Zürich : whilst at the former , they topped the scoring charts at 21 in the 1987–88 season , helping their club to the fourth place . With the Hoppers , they won the domestic cup , precisely against Aarau , and surpassed the 100-goal mark in their years in the country .
Werder Bremen
In the 1989 summer , Rufer signed with SV Werder Bremen , coached by Otto Rehhagel . Their Bundesliga debut came on 29 July , in a 0–0 draw at FC St. Pauli , and their impact was immediate , as they netted six times in their first 13 league matches . Overall , they would play an enormous part in the side 's achievements , pairing with Klaus Allofs up front : on 6 May 1992 , both scored in the final of the season 's UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup , in Lisbon ( 2–0 win against AS Monaco FC ) .
In the 1992–93 league season , as Werder won the third championship in the club 's history , Rufer finished second in the scoring charts , at 17 . On 8 December 1993 , they scored two against R.S.C . Anderlecht in the UEFA Champions League , in a 5–3 home win ( Anderlecht led 3–0 with 25 minutes to go ) ; they finished as that competition 's topscorer , alongside FC Barcelona 's Ronald Koeman , and added their second German Cup .
Rufer was voted Oceania 's Player of the Year in 1989 , 1990 and 1992 .
Later years
In 1994–95 , the 31-year-old left Bremen and moved to JEF United Ichihara of the J1 League , finishing as the club 's leading scorer in their second year . When Rehhagel took on the task of resurrecting 1 . FC Kaiserslautern 's fortunes in 1996 – the club would eventually return to the top division , as champions – they called upon Rufer in February 1997 , and they contributed with four goals in 14 second division matches .
Rufer returned to their country and successively represented Central United , North Shore United and Auckland Kingz , retiring at the age of nearly 40 . They then founded a football coaching school , WYNRS , which produced football stars such as women 's international Annalie Longo .
With their brother Shane , Rufer took on player-coaching duties at North Shore United in 1998 , before coaching the national Under-16 men 's squad ahead of the 1999 Junior World Cup Finals , notably achieving a draw against the Under-16 men 's teams of Austria and win over Norway in an unofficial U-16 World Cup tournament in Nice , France in 1998 . They were appointed player-coach of the country 's first professional football team , Auckland Kingz , participating in the Australian Soccer League for two seasons before retiring in 2001 , having been named Oceania 's Player of the Century ahead of Frank Farina ( Australia ) and Christian Karembeu ( France , of New Caledonia descent ) .
International career
Made their A-international debut for New Zealand against Kuwait on 16 October 1980 in the friendly international Merdeka Tournament in Malaysia aged 17 years and 291 days . Added late to the squad for New Zealand in their World Cup qualification campaign in 1981 and played their first World Cup qualifier on 14 December 1981 against Kuwait , aged 18 , scoring in a 2–2 draw for the 1982 FIFA World Cup qualifiers , Rufer quickly established themselves in the Whites side . Late in the following year , they netted the 2–1 winner in the decisive playoff against China , which propelled the nation to its first World Cup ever .
In the final stages in Spain , 19-year-old Rufer was the youngest member of the squad , appearing in all three group losses , against Scotland , the Soviet Union and Brazil . In total , they gained 23 full caps , scoring 12 goals . From 1985–89 , they only collected a total of five international appearances , namely due to the fact Zürich would not release him ; from there until 1996 , they did not appear for the national side at all .
Managerial career
In February 2014 , Rufer was appointed manager of Papua New Guinea . They were also responsible for managing Papua New Guinea U19 at the 2014 OFC U-20 Championship .
Personal life
During their time in Switzerland , Rufer converted to Christianity and married their wife , Lisa , in 1986 . They have two sons , Caleb and Joshua , who are also footballers . Their brother Shane and their nephew Alex also played professional football and played for the New Zealand national team .
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Grasshoppers
Swiss Cup : 1988–89
Swiss Super Cup : 1989
Werder Bremen
Bundesliga : 1992–93
DFB-Pokal : 1990–91 , 1993–94
DFB-Supercup : 1993 , 1994
UEFA Cup Winners Cup : 1991–92
1 . FC Kaiserslautern
2 . Bundesliga : 1996–97
Central United
Chatham Cup : 1997
Individual
New Zealand Young Player of the Year : 1981 and 1982
Oceania Footballer of the Year : 1989 , 1990 , 1992
FIFA Oceania Footballer of the Century
UEFA Champions League Top-scorer : 1993–94
Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit , for services to soccer , in the 2008 Queen 's Birthday Honours
New Zealand Sports Hall of Fame : Inducted in 2005
Maori Sports Hall of Fame : Inducted in 2007
Rufer is a member of the FIFA Football Committee , with Pelé , Franz Beckenbauer , Michel Platini and Bobby Charlton . They are also involved with the FIFA Ambassadors Against Racism Committee .
IFFHS Legends
IFFHS Oceania Men 's Team of All Time : 2021
References
External links
FC Zürich stats
Ultimate NZSoccer profile and biography
Norwich City archives
Wynton Rufer at Aussie Footballers
The official WYNRS site
1 . FC Kaiserslautern players
1962 births
1982 FIFA World Cup players
2 . Bundesliga players
Association football forwards
Bundesliga players
Central United F.C . players
Companions of the New Zealand Order of Merit
Converts to Christianity
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Expatriate football managers in Papua New Guinea
FC Aarau players
FC Zürich players
Football Kingz F.C . players
People educated at Rongotai College
Grasshopper Club Zürich players
J1 League players
JEF United Chiba players
Living people
Miramar Rangers AFC players
National Soccer League ( Australia ) players
New Zealand international footballers
New Zealand association football coaches
New Zealand association footballers
New Zealand Māori sportspeople
New Zealand people of Swiss descent
New Zealand expatriate sportspeople in Germany
New Zealand expatriate sportspeople in England
New Zealand expatriate sportspeople in Japan
New Zealand expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Ngāti Porou people
Norwich City F.C . players
Papua New Guinea national football team managers
Swiss Super League players
SV Werder Bremen players
Stop Out players
Wellington United players
UEFA Champions League top scorers
Cullyhanna ( ) is a small village and townland in County Armagh , Northern Ireland . It had a population of 306 in the 2001 Census . It is within the Newry and Mourne District Council area .
Location
Cullyhanna lies on the main road between Newtownhamilton ( ) and Crossmaglen ( ) .
It 's west of Newry , south west of Belfast , north west of Dundalk , and north of Dublin .
History
In June 1920 , during the Irish War of Independence , the Irish Republican Army ambushed Royal Irish Constabulary officers in Cullyhanna . Three officers were wounded , one fatally . The RIC returned fire , killing a civilian .
Cullyhanna , along with the rest of South Armagh , would have been transferred to the Irish Free State had the recommendations of the Irish Boundary Commission been enacted in 1925 .
The Troubles
Cullyhanna is in South Armagh , a region that has been a stronghold of support for the Provisional Irish Republican Army , earning it the nickname `` Bandit Country '' . The British Army nicknamed the local IRA unit the `` Cullyhanna Gun Club '' . The village and the surrounding area were among the most dangerous areas in Northern Ireland for the British security forces .
For more information see The Troubles in Cullyhanna , which includes a list of incidents in Cullyhanna during the Troubles resulting in two or more fatalities .
People
Fergal Caraher , a Provisional IRA volunteer and Sinn Féin member .
Maria Caraher , Irish republican activist , school principal and former politician .
Paul Quinn , a native of the area , who was murdered in 2007 .
Tomás Cardinal Ó Fiaich , Primate of All Ireland and Archbishop of Armagh , who , until their death , was head of the Catholic Church in Ireland , was born near Cullyhanna . When a new school , St Patrick 's Primary , was built in the village , the old school was renovated to provide a heritage centre known as the Ó Fiaich Heritage Centre .
Sport
Cullyhanna is home to St Patrick 's Gaelic Football Club ( Cumann Naomh Pádraig ) . It consists of men and women 's football teams and also has camogie teams . The recently built club house facilities are a focus for community activity . They beat Crossmaglen Rangers on 2 October 2016 to reach the Armagh Senior Championship final for the first time in their history .
Ashfield Golf Course is an 18-hole course at Cullyhanna .
Politics
Cullyhanna forms the Newry & Armagh constituency for elections to the Westminster Parliament . The Member of Parliament is Mickey Brady of Sinn Féin . They won the seat in the 2015 United Kingdom general election , retaining it in 2017 and 2019 .
Education
St. Patrick 's Primary School
St. Cormac 's Primary School
See also
List of villages in Northern Ireland
List of towns in Northern Ireland
References
External links
Villages in County Armagh
Townlands of County Armagh
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Hanyū , Saitama , Japan , operated by the private railway operator Chichibu Railway .
Lines
Shingō Station is served by the Chichibu Main Line from to , and is located 2.6 km from Hanyū .
Station layout
The station consists of a single island platform serving two tracks .
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Shingō Station opened on 1 April 1921 .
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018 , the station was used by an average of 301 passengers daily .
Surrounding area
Hanyū Shingō No . 1 Elementary School
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Stations of Chichibu Railway
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1921
Railway stations in Saitama Prefecture
Hanyū , Saitama
Studie II ( ) is an electronic music composition by Karlheinz Stockhausen from the year 1954 and , together with their Studie I , comprises their work number ( `` opus '' ) 3 . It is serially organized on all musical levels and was the first published score of electronic music .
History
The composition was provisionally titled Bewegungen ( Motions ) , but the name was later changed to Studie II . It was commissioned by what was then the NWDR , in whose Studio für elektronische Musik in Cologne the piece was created . The world premiere took place in Cologne on 19 October 1954 in the concert series Musik der Zeit , together with Stockhausen 's Studie I and works by Henri Pousseur , Karel Goeyvaerts , Herbert Eimert , and Paul Gredinger .
In contradistinction to musique concrète , Stockhausen wanted no longer `` to use any electronic acoustic sources , with the sound spectra already built up ( Melochord , Trautonium ) , but only produced from the pure tones of a frequency generator ( `` pure '' notes without overtones ) '' therefore using neither electroacoustic instruments nor other found sounds . The ideal was to produce each sound synthetically and thus separately determined in its details : `` The conscious organization of music extends to the micro-acoustic sphere of the sound material itself '' .
They had previously tried out sound synthesis with pure tones in Studie I . However , an aesthetic problem arose : `` Instead of a fusion of the pure tones into new , more complex sounds , the individual pure tone components appeared separately audible and are easily identifiable . Thus , the impression develops of chords formed from pure tones instead of a new sound quality . On the other hand , the individual pure tones receive their own sound quality owing to their easy identifiability , about comparable to the specific sound of a simple music instrument somewhere between a flute and special pipe-organ registers '' .
Materials and form
Stockhausen 's two Elektronische Studien are amongst the earliest examples of composition with what they called `` groups '' , in contrast to the earlier concept of punctualism or `` point composition '' , in works like Kreuzspiel .
The idea at the core of Studie II was the decision to extrapolate everything from the number 5 . Five main sections are each divided into five subsections , and each subsection contains five groups consisting of one to five sounds , called `` tone mixtures '' . Each of these tone mixtures is constructed as five equally spaced , reverberated sine tones . The width of the tone mixtures remains constant within each group , but changes from group to group in five widths derived from an underlying scale . For the pitches , Stockhausen built a scale in which the interval between successive steps consists of the frequency proportion —in other words , the interval of 5:1 ( two octaves plus a just major third ) is divided into 25 equal parts . This differs from the traditional tempered tuning system , in which an octave consists of twelve segments , the interval between two adjacent steps being therefore defined by the ratio . The intervallic unit is a `` large semitone '' , about 10 % larger than the semitone of the equal-tempered twelve-tone system ( ) . Beginning at 100 Hz , this scale reaches to ca . 17,200 Hz , with a total of 81 equally spaced pitches . Because of the chosen basic interval , no octave duplications can occur . The highest pitch , 17,200 Hz , is near the upper limit of human hearing , and occurs only in a single tone mixture , as the uppermost of its five pitches .
The five sections of the piece are differentiated in the first instance by the types of groups employed : horizontal ( melodic ) or vertical ( chordal ) . Horizontal groups are either connected ( legato ) or separated by silences ; vertical groups either attack all notes together and end with one note after another , or build up gradually into a chord and then end together . The pattern is as follows :
horizontal , with linked sounds ;
vertical , with groups alternately beginning and ending simultaneously ;
horizontal , with silences between the sounds ;
vertical , as in section 2 ;
combination of horizontal and vertical .
Reception
Studie II was part of the very first `` concert presentation of compositions developed in the Cologne studios of NWDR '' ( from the programme of the premiere of the piece from 19 October 1954 ) . On this evening the public heard for the first time a purely electronic piece based on sine tones . The effect of the sounds and noises was accordingly unforeseeable and new , and the associated composition methods on the public .
In the course of time Studie II became a milestone not only in Stockhausen 's early work , but in the history of the electronic music generally . In their Gesang der Jünglinge , they used recorded and transformed vocal sounds in addition to electronic sounds ; later they built on Gottfried Michael Koenig 's procedure of `` transforming unification of the originally diverse '' , as they also incorporated sounds performed live ( in the orchestral composition Mixtur as well as in the instrumental and/or vocal pieces of ensemble of Mikrophonie I and Mikrophonie II ) or ring modulated recordings of traditionally produced music ( in the tape composition Telemusik ) .
References
Cited sources
Further reading
Adorno , Theodor W. 1991 . `` Das Altern der Neuen Musik '' ( radio lecture , Süddeutscher Rundfunk , April 1954 ) . First published 1956 in their Dissonanzen : Musik in der verwalteten Welt , 7th edition , 136–159 . Göttingen : Vanderhoeck & Ruprecht . Also in their Gesammelte Schriften 14 , Frankfurt am Main : Suhrkamp , 1973 .
Adorno , Theodor W. 2002 . Essays on Music , selected , with introduction , commentary , and notes by Richard Leppert ; new translations by Susan H. Gillespie . Berkeley , Los Angeles , London : University of California Press . ( cloth ) ( pbk ) .
Assis , Gustavo Oliveira Alfaix . 2011 . Em busca do som : A música de Karlheinz Stockhausen nos anos 1950 . São Paulo : Editora UNESP . .
Burow , Winfried . 1973 . Stockhausens Studie II . Schriftenreihe zur Musikpädagogik 7 . Frankfurt ( am Main ) : Diesterweg .
Decroupet , Pascal , and Elena Ungeheuer . 1994 . `` Karel Goeyvaerts und die serielle Tonbandmusik '' . Revue Belge de Musicologie 48:95–118 .
Heikinheimo , Seppo . 1972 . The Electronic Music of Karlheinz Stockhausen : Studies on the Esthetical and Formal Problems of Its First Phase , translated by Brad Absetz . Acta Musicologica Fennica 6 ( ISSN 0587-2448 ) . Helsinki Suomen Musiikkitieteelinen Seura / Musikvetenskapliga Sällskapet .
Hilberg , Frank , and Harry Vogt ( eds. ) . 2002 . Musik der Zeit , 1951–2001 : 50 Jahre Neue Musik im WDR : Essays , Erinnerungen , Dokumentation . Cologne : Wolke Verlag . .
Kelsall , John . 1975 . `` Compositional Techniques in the Music of Stockhausen ( 1951–1970 ) '' . PhD diss . Glasgow : University of Glasgow .
Ligabue , Marco , and Francesco Giomi . 1998 . `` Understanding Electroacoustic Music : Analysis of Narrative Strategies in Six Early Compositions '' . Organised Sound : An International Journal of Music Technology 3 , no . 1 ( April ) : 45–49 .
Silberhorn , Heinz . 1978 . Die Reihentechnik in Stockhausens Studie II . Herrenberg : Musikverlag Döring . Reprinted , [ Rohrdorf ] : Rohrdorfer Musikverlag , 1980. .
Stockhausen , Karlheinz . 1992 . `` Etude ( 1952 ) : Musique Concrète '' , in the text booklet for Stockhausen Complete Edition CD 3 , 5–7 ( German ) ; 95–100 ( English ) .
Straebel , Volker . 2008 . `` Das Altern der Elektroakustischen Musik : Anmerkungen aus archivarischer Sicht '' , Forum Musikbibliothek : Beiträge und Informationen aus der musikbibliothekarischen Praxis 29 , no . 4:327–334 .
. 1996 . `` Nur ein Gast in der Tafelrunde . Theodor W. Adorno : kritisch und kritisiert '' . In Von Kranichstein zur Gegenwart . 50 Jahre Darmstädter Ferienkurse , edited by Rudolf Stephan , 149–155 . Stuttgart : Daco . .
Ungeheuer , Elena . 1992 . Wie die elektronische Musik 'erfunden ' wurde ... : Quellenstudie zu Werner Meyer-Epplers Entwurf zwischen 1949 und 1953 . Kölner Schriften zur Neuen Musik 2 , edited by Johannes Fritsch and Dietrich Kämper . Includes CD recording . Mainz : B. Schott 's Söhne . .
Williams , Sean . 2016 . `` Interpretation and Performance Practice in Realizing Stockhausen 's Studie II '' . Journal of the Royal Musical Association 141 , no . 2:445–481 .
External links
MedienKunstNetz
Compositions by Karlheinz Stockhausen
Electronic compositions
Serial compositions
1954 compositions
Pakistan International School Jeddah ( , ) is a school located in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia . The school is one of the oldest in the city . Initially it was privately owned , but later in the late 1990s the embassy of Pakistan took control . Often abbreviated as PISJ and formerly known as Pakistan Embassy School , the institution is under the direct control of the Pakistan embassy .
Organizational structure
The school functions in accordance with the rules and regulations set by the Ministry of Education of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia . The board of directors is duly elected by the parents of the students under the direct supervision of the Ministry of Education , which constitutes the 'governing body ' and formulates the policies of the school . The operational activities of the school are carried out under the supervision of the CEO and Principal of the school .
The Primary Section–headed by the Headmistress–comprises classes Prep to IV ( four ) for girls and Prep to V ( five ) for boys . The Secondary Sections–headed by the Vice Principal–comprise class V to XII for girls and class V to XII for boys . In 2018 , PISJ started it 's Cambridge section to facilitate Pakistani community .
In the administration , the school has an Account Supervisor and an Administrative Officer . The Account Supervisor is overall in charge of all financial matters whereas the Administrative Officer looks after the Personnel Section , the Transport Section and building maintenance . Currently Mr Khalid Naeem is serving as account supervisor for more than 8 years .
See also
Jeddah
List of schools by country
Federal Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education
External links
Website : Official website
1959 establishments in Saudi Arabia
Educational institutions established in 1959
J
International schools in Jeddah
Private schools in Saudi Arabia
The Modern Library is an American book publishing imprint and formerly the parent company of Random House . Founded in 1917 by Albert Boni and Horace Liveright as an imprint of their publishing company Boni & Liveright , Modern Library became an independent publishing company in 1925 when Boni & Liveright sold it to Bennett Cerf and Donald Klopfer . Random House began in 1927 as a subsidiary of the Modern Library and eventually overtook its parent company , with Modern Library becoming an imprint of Random House .
Recent history
The Modern Library originally published only hardbound books . In 1950 , it began publishing the Modern Library College Editions , a forerunner of its current series of paperback classics . From 1955 to 1960 , the company published a high quality , numbered paperback series , but discontinued it in 1960 , when the series was merged into the newly acquired Vintage paperbacks group . The Modern Library homepage states :
In 1992 , on the occasion of the Modern Library 's seventy-fifth anniversary , Random House embarked on an ambitious project to refurbish the series . We revived the torchbearer emblem that Cerf and Klopfer commissioned in 1925 from Lucian Bernhard . The Promethean bearer of enlightenment ( known informally around the old Modern Library offices as the `` dame running away from Bennett Cerf '' ) was redesigned several times over the years , most notably by Rockwell Kent .
In 1998 , novelist David Ebershoff became the Modern Library 's new Publishing Director . Ebershoff managed the imprint until 2005 , when they resigned to concentrate on their own writing and to become editor-at-large at Random House .
Modern Library lists
At its onset the Modern Library identified itself as `` The Modern Library of the World 's Best Books '' . In keeping with that brand identity , in 1998 the editors created a list they called the `` Modern Library List of Best 20th-Century Novels '' , numbering 100 titles selected from books published by Modern Library and its Random House affiliates . They also conducted an internet poll of public opinion , then produced a reader '' ' list . ( The lists were actually restricted to works in English , but titles of the lists do not represent this , and little attention was paid to that fact in publicity for the lists . )
The `` top ten '' of the editors ' list is shown here—and the two `` 100 Best Novels '' lists are linked below .
According to a New York Times article about the list , executives at Random House said they hoped that as the century drew to a close their list would encourage public debate about the greatest works of fiction of the last hundred years , thus both increasing awareness of the Modern Library and stimulating sales of novels the group publishes .
Both lists have incurred criticism . Their ranking system concerned many professional scholars and critics . The board members themselves , who did not create the rankings and were unaware of it until the list was published , expressed disappointment and puzzlement . There were also hypotheses that the Modern Library merely made a selection based on its stocklist . A. S. Byatt , the well-known English novelist who was on the board , called the list `` typically American '' .
The list was compiled via approval voting , by sending each board member a list of 440 pre-selected books from the Modern Library catalogue and asking each member to place a check beside novels they wished to choose . Then the works with the most votes were ranked the highest , and ties were decided arbitrarily by Random House publishers . This explains surprising results like the No . 5 placement of Brave New World ( 1932 ) , which most of the judges agreed belonged somewhere on the list , but much lower than the very top .
David Ebershoff , the Modern Library division 's publishing director , stated in a follow-up `` the people who were drawn to go to the Modern Library Web site and compelled to vote have a certain enthusiasm about books and their favourite books that many people do n't , so that the voting population is skewed . '' In addition , people were allowed to vote repeatedly , once per day , making the poll a measure of how much effort people would put into promoting their favorite books . Others have been more direct in their descriptions of the results ; librarian Robert Teeter remarks that the ballot boxes were `` stuffed by cultists '' .
References
Bibliography
Lise Jaillant , Modernism , Middlebrow and the Literary Canon - the Modern Library Series ( London : Pickering & Chatto , 2014 )
Gordon B. Neavill , “ The Modern Library Series : Format and Design , 1917-1977 , ” Printing History 1 ( 1979 ) : 26-37 .
Gordon B. Neavill , “ The Modern Library Series and American Cultural Life , ” Journal of Library History 16 ( Spring 1981 ) : 241-52 .
Gordon B. Neavill , “ Publishing in Wartime : The Modern Library Series during the Second World War , ” Library Trends 55 ( Winter 2007 ) : 583-96 .
Gordon B. Neavill , “ Canonicity , Reprint Publishing , and Copyright , ” in The Culture of the Publisher 's Series , vol . 1 : Authors , Publishers and the Shaping of Taste , edited by John Spiers ( Basingstoke , Hampshire ; New York : Palgrave Macmillan , 2011 ) , pp . 88–105 .
Jay Satterfield , The World 's Best Books '' : Taste , Culture , and the Modern Library '' ( University of Massachusetts Press , 2002 ) .
External links
Best Books Modern Library
CNN - 100 best novels list draws heavy dose of criticism
Collecting the Modern Library
History of the Modern Library ( speech ) by Henry Toledano
On the Trail of the Torch Bearer : An Interview with Henry Toledano
On the Trail of the Torch Bearer : An Interview with Scot Kamins
Bertelsmann subsidiaries
Book publishing companies of the United States
Series of books
Publishing companies established in 1917
1917 establishments in New York City
Romi is a given name and may refer to :
Romi Dames ( born 1979 ) , Japanese-American actor
Romi Garduce ( born 1969 ) , Filipino mountain climber and IT Professional in Procter and Gamble Philippines
Romi Goldmuntz ( 1882–1960 ) , Belgian business person who played an essential role in the survival of the diamond business in Antwerp
Romi Mayes , Canadian-born musician
Romi Park ( born 1972 ) , Japanese-Korean actor and voice actor
Romi Ropati ( born 1976 ) , retired rugby union player best known for their time with the Highlanders Super Rugby franchise
Romi Spada , Swiss bobsledder who competed in the early 1950s
See also
Return on marketing investment
Romis
ja : Romi
ru : Romi
Diamond Walkers is a 1965 South African-German adventure film directed by Paul Martin and starring Harald Leipnitz , Joachim Hansen and Marisa Mell . The film portrays diamond smuggling in South Africa . Its German title is Jagd auf blaue Diamanten .
Cast
Harald Leipnitz – Mike Johnson
Joachim Hansen – Peter Wade
Marisa Mell – Irene de Ridder
Ann Smyrner – Karen Truter
Brian O'Shaughnessy – Sergeant Barrett
Gert Van den Bergh – Piet Truter
Ivan Berold – Webber
Bill Brewer – De Ridder
Mervyn John – Bill Jenkins
James White – Harris
Patrick Mynhardt – Kelly
Simon Sabela – Lobata ( Ngela )
John Marcus – Butu
Barney Sidwaba - Gang Leader
Morgan Langa – 1st African Policeman
Jose Sithole – 2nd African Policeman
References
External links
1965 films
1960s adventure drama films
German adventure drama films
West German films
English-language German films
English-language South African films
1960s German-language films
Films directed by Paul Martin
Films set in South Africa
South African adventure drama films
1965 drama films
1960s German films
`` WorkOut '' is the second single from RuPaul 's album Red Hot . The song is a dance/house song about feeling liberated while dancing . The expression `` work out '' is ( not exclusively ) gay slang for expressing one 's self exuberantly ; it is similar to RuPaul 's coined phrase `` You better work ! '' . Two versions of the single were made available ; one version , with 8 tracks , was released by RuPaul on their own RuCo , Inc. label . The other version , a 3 track version released only in Germany , was released on the Dance Street label .
Music video
The music video was catered to club play and features a montage of RuPaul in different outfits singing the song in locations such as a roof top and a dance club .
Track listings
WorkOut ( The RuMixes ) ( Ruco , Inc . Single )
WorkOut ( Blueroom Radio ) – 3:30
WorkOut ( Junior 's Spirit Club ) – 7:51
WorkOut ( Eric Kupper Dub ) – 7:52
WorkOut ( Blueroom Mix Show ) – 7:22
WorkOut ( Junior 's NYC Radio ) – 3:39
WorkOut ( Joe Carrano 's Ragged Radio ) – 3:31
WorkOut ( Junior 's Club Dub ) – 6:55
Looking Good , Feeling Gorgeous ( D1 Music ReDux ) – 4:39
German Single
WorkOut ( Joe Carrano 's Ragged Radio )
WorkOut ( Junior 's Spirit Club )
Looking Good , Feeling Gorgeous ( Looking Good Feeling Gomi Mix )
Credits and personnel
RuPaul – lead vocals , producer
Omri Anghel – producer
Robert Brown – songwriter
Sharlotte Gibson – background vocals
Frankie Knuckles – songwriter
Eric Kupper – songwriter
John Madden Jr. – songwriter
Darrell Martin – producer , background vocals
Tom Trujillo – background vocals
Source :
Chart performance
References
2004 singles
RuPaul songs
Songs written by Eric Kupper
2004 songs
LGBT-related songs
Hip house songs
Ratko `` Raša '' Radovanović ( ; born 16 October 1956 ) is a Serbian former professional basketball player who competed for SFR Yugoslavia , at the 1980 Summer Olympics , and at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Early life
Born in the town of Nevesinje within the Herzegovina region , Radovanović , still an infant , was brought by their parents to Nikšić , PR Montenegro where they grew up .
A tall and lanky kid , Radovanović took up basketball in Nikšić on an informal , recreational basis in 1969 . In May 1970 , the senior Yugoslav national team won the 1970 FIBA World Championship , resulting in an explosion of popularity for the sport throughout the country — a trend Radovanović followed , as they started training a lot more seriously . It was n't long before they got noticed by the Bosna sports Société Générale secretary Vukašin `` Vule '' Vukalović who recommended the youngster to KK Bosna head coach Bogdan Tanjević .
Club career
KK Bosna
Radovanović arrived to Sarajevo in October 1972 , having just turned 16 years of age . Though officially part of the KK Bosna youth system , first team head coach Tanjević would already give them an odd first team run-out during the 1972-73 season , the club 's first ever in the Yugoslav top-tier league .
Throughout the 1973-74 season , seventeen-year-old Radovanović recorded 17 first team appearances in the Yugoslav First League , scoring a total of 43 points ( 2.5 points per game ) .
During the 1974-75 season , the eighteen-year-old 's continued improvement led to a permanent move to the first team . Their league scoring average over the season reached 5.8 points per game .
National team
Youth
Radovanović got picked for the Yugoslav cadet ( under-16 ) national team at the European Championship for Cadets , held in Italy during July 1973 , making a modest contribution to Yugoslavia 's bronze medal effort with 2.2 points per game .
The following summer , they made the Yugoslav junior ( under-18 ) squad at the European Championship for Juniors , in France , this time playing a much larger role on a team coached by Tanjević , their club head coach at Bosna . Radovanović contributed with 13.8 points per game , as the Yugoslav team — featuring Branko Skroče , Mihovil Nakić , Andro Knego , and Rajko Žižić , among others — won gold .
Senior
In July 1975 , Radovanović , still only eighteen-years-old , made their full squad senior Yugoslav national team debut in a game versus Canada at Hala Pinki as part of the International Cup .
Post-playing career
Right after retiring from playing basketball in 1990 in Venice , thirty-three-year-old Radovanović moved to Sarajevo with their wife and their two young children . Returning to the city where they had previously lived for eleven years between 1972 and 1983 while with KK Bosna , they invested some of their money in healthcare by opening a private dental office .
Less than two years after that , the Bosnian War broke out and Radovanović and their family fled to Belgrade where they have been living ever since .
FMP Železnik sporting director
In 1996 , Radovanović joined the front office of FMP Železnik — a club that had just finished playing its first ever season in FR Yugoslavia 's top-tier league — in the sporting director capacity . Working under the club 's owner and president Nebojša Čović , Radovanović handled player personnel issues — helping FMP Železnik become a noted producer of basketball talent .
In the 1996-97 season , Radovanović 's first with the club , FMP Železnik won the FR Yugoslavia Cup competition — its very first piece of silverware . However , instead of keeping the Cup-winning squad ( that consisted of somewhat older players ) intact , the club decided to sell them and turn to bringing up a generation of 17 and 18-year-olds from its youth system into the first team .
With Čović 's financial support , Radovanović implemented a player development system in FMP that relied on identifying and acquiring talented teenagers from all over FR Yugoslavia / Serbia-Montenegro / Serbia during early stages of their basketball development , working with them within the club 's system featuring academy-like facilities at the Belgrade suburb of Železnik where in addition to training they also lived and studied , and later selling them at a profit to bigger clubs . Players developed in the club during Radovanović 's tenure include : Miloš Teodosić ( sold in 2007 to Olympiakos for €1.2 million ) , Zoran Erceg ( sold in 2008 to Olympiakos for €800,000 ) , Aleksandar Rašić ( sold in 2007 to Efes Pilsen for €400,000 ) , Dejan Musli ( sold in 2010 to Caja Laboral ) , Miroslav Raduljica ( sold in 2010 to Efes Pilsen for €600,000 ) , Mladen Šekularac ( sold in 2002 to Virtus Bologna for €600,000 ) , Dejan Milojević ( sold in 2000 to KK Budućnost for €600,000 ) , Ognjen Aškrabić ( sold in 2004 to the newly-established Dynamo Saint Petersburg for €550,000 ) , Duško Savanović ( sold in 2006 to UNICS Kazan for €500,000 ) , Vladimir Radmanović and Mile Ilić ( sold in 2001 to the Seattle SuperSonics and in 2006 to the New Jersey Nets , respectively , for the then fixed transfer fee of US $ 350,000 that the NBA franchises were paying to European clubs for players under contract ) .
After fourteen years at the club , Radovanović parted ways with FMP Železnik in 2010 at the beginning of the 2010-11 season .
In August 2017 , following seven years away from basketball , Radovanović almost came back to the sport as KK Partizan 's youth system director . The news of their return even got announced by the Serbian press outlets , however , nothing came of it in the end with Radovanović later revealing that negotiations with KK Partizan lasted over a month with no deal ultimately being made .
Sloboda Užice sporting director
On May 26 , 2018 , Radovanović became the sports director of Sloboda Užice , newly promoted member of the Basketball League of Serbia for the 2018-19 season .
References
1956 births
Living people
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Centers ( basketball )
Competitors at the 1975 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 1979 Mediterranean Games
FIBA World Championship-winning players
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Yugoslavia
Mediterranean Games medalists in basketball
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Olympic bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic gold medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Reyer Venezia players
Serbian basketball executives and administrators
Serbian expatriate basketball people in France
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Italy
Serbian men 's basketball players
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Serbs of Montenegro
Sportspeople from Nevesinje
Sportspeople from Nikšić
Yugoslav men 's basketball players
1978 FIBA World Championship players
1982 FIBA World Championship players
1986 FIBA World Championship players
KK Bosna Royal players
The 2019 Campeonato Paraibano de Futebol was the 109th edition of Paraíba 's top professional football league . The competition began on 12 January and ended on 20 April . Botafogo-PB were defending champions , after defeating Campinense in the 2018 final .
Botafogo-PB were crowned champions , after a repeat of the 2018 final against Campinense .
Format
The competition was divided into a number of stages .
In the first ( group ) stage , the ten teams were divided into two groups of five . Each team played the five teams in the other group , home and away , for a total of ten games . The teams that finished first and second in each group qualified directly for the second ( semi-final ) stage . The teams that finished last in each group were relegated to the second division .
In the second ( semi-final ) stage , the winner of each group played the runner-up of their group over two games , home and away . The group winner had home advantage in the second leg .
In the third ( final ) stage , the two winning teams from the second ( semi-final ) stage played over two legs , with the team with the best record in the competition so far playing the second leg at home .
Qualification
The two finalists qualified to participate in the 2020 Copa do Brasil and 2020 Copa do Nordeste . The two best placed teams ( other than those already participating in a national league ) qualified to participate in the 2020 Campeonato Brasileiro Série D .
Participating teams
First stage
Group A
Group B
Semi-finals
In the semi-final stage , the winner of each group played the runner-up of their group over two games , home and away . The group winner had home advantage in the second leg .
Semi-finals were played between 31 March and 14 April 2019 .
| }
Final
The final took place over two games , home and away , and the team with the best record in the competition had home advantage in the second leg .
The final took place on 17 and 20 April 2019 .
| }
References
Paraíba
2019
Geoffrey de Turville or de Tourville ( died 1250 ) was an English-born judge and cleric in thirteenth century Ireland , who held office as Bishop of Ossory and Lord Chancellor of Ireland , and was noted as an extremely efficient administrator . Their career has been described as an excellent example of what a clerk in the royal service might hope to accomplish .
They were a native of Turville in Buckinghamshire , where an earlier Geoffrey de Turville ( c.1122-1177 ) had been Lord of the Manor of Weston Turville .
Bishop of Ossory
They are first heard of in Ireland in 1218 , in the entourage of Henry de Loundres , Archbishop of Dublin . They held the benefices of Dungarvan from 1224 , and was appointed Archdeacon of Dublin in 1227 , before becoming Bishop of Ossory in 1244 . They were described as a man who was `` in high favour with the English Crown '' . Given their own English birth , it is not surprising that they opposed a proposal to prevent English clerics from holding any canonry in an Irish cathedral , and it was probably they who secured Papal condemnation for the proposal .
As Bishop of Ossory in 1245 they were granted the right to hold an annual fair and a weekly market in Kilkenny ; they were also granted the right to hold another annual fair at Durrow , County Laois beginning on St Swithin 's Day , together with the right to hold a market there every Thursday , and they were given similar privileges at Freshford , County Kilkenny . They were granted the supply of a conduit of water by the monks of the Black Abbey , Kilkenny .
Treasurer and Chancellor
They also held a number of administrative and judicial posts . They were Chamberlain of the Exchequer of Ireland 1230–32 , and Treasurer of Ireland from 1235 to 1250 , and is credited with several reforms to improve the working of the Treasury . They served as an itinerant justice in 1230 , and was appointed Lord Chancellor of Ireland in about 1237 , having already served as Deputy Chancellor from 1232 . They acted as Deputy Justiciar of Ireland 1245–6 .
Elrington Ball praises Geoffrey as a learned and able lawyer . Otway-Ruthven credits them as being the Lord Chancellor who developed the Irish Chancery as a Government Department in its own right , which was fully independent of the English Chancery , and had its own staff . As Treasurer they began the practice by which the Irish Exchequer kept its own separate accounts for audit by the English Exchequer . They were the first Irish Treasurer to receive a fixed salary . They also oversaw the minting of the Great Seal of Ireland .
They died in London in October 1250 , and was buried in the Temple Church .
References
13th-century Irish judges
13th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
People from Buckinghamshire
13th-century English clergy
1250 deaths
Archdeacons of Dublin
Bishops of Ossory
Quaker Bridge may refer to :
Quaker Bridge , a bridge in Hempfield Township , Mercer County , Pennsylvania
Quaker Bridge , Mercer County , New Jersey , an unincorporated community
Quaker Bridge , New York , a ghost town
Reedy Lake is a natural freshwater lake on the east side of Frostproof , Florida . Residences and citrus groves surround much of this lake . This lake has no public swimming areas . The city of Frostproof has a public fishing pier and it operates Henderson Field ( a softball field ) nearby . A public boat ramp also exists at Frostproof .
References
Lakes of Polk County , Florida
Oberndorf ( ) is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Truma Gerätetechnik GmbH & Co. KG is a German manufacturer of leisure products for caravans and motorhomes . The company develops , manufactures and sells heating and air conditioning systems , hot water boilers , maneuvering systems and products for energy and gas supply . Truma was founded in 1949 in Munich , Germany . Today the headquarters is located in Putzbrunn near Munich and the company operates worldwide sales offices . Since the introduction of the first Truma heater in 1961 the company remained the market leader for LPG air heaters for recreational vehicles in Europe .
History
1949
Truma was founded in 1949 by Philipp Kreis who after returning from World War II initially ran a language school for English in Munich . The unreliable power supply in the postwar period with constant power cuts was a major problem for the night school . Philipp Kreis used the functioning gas pipelines and developed gas lamps , which brightly illuminated the school even during power outages . Quickly , the school turned into a company for the production of gaslights . Philip Kreis named their company Truma in reference to the former U.S. President Harry S. Truman , whom they admired for their efforts for the reconstruction of Germany after the war .
1955-1982
In 1955 Truma released the first quick-acting valve to shut off to the gas lines . The gas lamps became popular in camping and caravanning , and Philip Kreis decided to enter this market with other products . In 1961 , the Truma-matic hit the market , the first officially recognized caravan heater that worked independently from the power supply on the basis of LPG . In 1969 Truma started with the gas pressure regulator Duomatic . In 1975 , the electrical controlled Trumatic E was introduced , which could also be installed in mobile homes , boats , and trucks . 1976 Truma allowed hot water supply in caravans and motorhomes by introducing the Truma Therme . The development of a gas boiler with up to 14 liters five years later made showering in a caravan possible .
1983-2003
In 1983 the company moved into new buildings next to the site of production in Putzbrunn , located just a few kilometers out of Munich . 1988 Philipp Kreis resigned from the operative business and handed over to their daughter Renate Schimmer-Wottrich . Truma developed in 1994 the Trumatic C , which offered heating and hot water from a single device . Many motorhome manufacturers took it immediately into production . In 1997 a Truma subsidiary for sales and service was established in UK . In 1999 Truma released the first maneuvering system for caravans and an air-conditioning system for caravans and RVs .
2004-2010
In 2004 Truma opened a Service Centre . One year later , the technology and innovation center was built containing two huge climate testing chambers where equipment and vehicles of OEMs or journalists can be tested under practical conditions . In 2007 Truma ItaliaSrl was founded . 2008 a representative office in China was established . In the same year , Renate Schimmer-Wottrich resigned from the Managing Board and became chairperson of the newly formed Advisory Board . 2010 Truma releases AquaStar to the market .
2011-2014
In 2011 , the company owner established Truma 's Renate Schimmer-Wottrich Foundation to promote projects with a focus on helping children , young adults and families . That same year , Truma entered the segment for roof-mounted air conditioning systems for recreational vehicles with the Aventa comfort . In 2012 , Truma celebrated 50 years of caravan heating with two new S heater models and also introduced a fuel cell to the market . The VeGA generates electricity from LPG , which enables an energy supply independent of a network . In 2013 , the company closed Truma Electronic Systems ( formerly Calira ) in Kaufbeuren and removed electricity generation products from its range . AquaStar has not been available since 2013 either . A year later , Truma also halted production of the VeGA fuel cell because it was unable to sell significant quantities . As part of its internationalisation , Truma established two subsidiaries – one in the USA and one in China . Truma introduced AquaGo for the North American market . At the touch of a button , the instant water heater produces an endless flow of hot water at a constant temperature .
2015 to today
In 2015 , the company laid the foundations for digital networking in recreational vehicles with the Truma iNet System , which enables Truma heaters and air conditioning systems to be controlled remotely with a smartphone or tablet via the Truma App . That same year , Alexander Wottrich came on board as Managing Director of the Truma Group to manage the family-owned company in the third generation . As deputy managing director , Renate Schimmer-Wottrich supports their son in their work and remains Chair of the Advisory Board . The continuous development of new technologies was honoured in 2013 , 2015 and 2017 , when Truma received the `` Top 100 '' award as one of the most innovative SMEs in Germany . On 1 January 2018 Alexander Wottrich additionally took over the position of Technical CEO which means they will be heading Research & Development and Supply Chain Management . In the same year Truma receives the Top Job award , making it one of the best employers in German SMEs .
Products
As a manufacturer of leisure products for recreational vehicles Truma offers heating and air conditioning systems , hot water boilers , maneuvering systems , gas pressure regulators , a fuel cell and products for energy and gas supply . The Truma iNet system digitally networks all iNet-capable devices , such as heaters and air conditioning systems , allowing these to be controlled per smartphone when on the go .
Awards
Company
Top 100 Innovator 2013
Top 100 Innovator 2015
Top 100 Innovator 2017
Top Job Award 2018
German Camping Prize for Renate Schimmer-Wottrich 2016
CTJ Meilenstein for Renate Schimmer-Wottrich 2018
Design
Reddot Design Award 2018 LevelControl
Reddot Design Award 2014 Mover XT
Caravaning Design Award 2012/2013 Aventa eco and LevelCheck
Reddot Design Award 2013 LevelCheck and VeGA
Reddot Design Award 2012 Aventa eco
Reddot Design Award Combi 2007
Reddot Design Award 2006
Products
Truma iNet System
European Innovation Award 2016 ( Truma iNet System )
DCC technic award 2017
Heaters
Promobil , The best brands , 1st in the years 2006 - 2012 , 2014 , 2016 - 2019
Reisemobil International , König Kunde Award , 2nd in the years 2009 - 2014 , 2016 - 2018
European Innovation Award 2017 ( Truma VarioHeat )
Air conditions
European Innovation Award 2019 ( Truma Aventa compact )
Promobil , The best brands , 2nd in the years 2010 - 2012 , 2014 , 2018 , 2019
Reisemobil International , König Kunde Award , 2nd in the years 2009 - 2014 , 1st 2016 - 2018
Camping , Cars & Caravans , König Kunde Award , 1st in the years 2009 - 2015 , 2018 , 2nd in the years 2016 , 2017
Caravaning , The best brands , 1st 2015
Manoeuvering systems
Test winner Truma Mover SE R , Caravaning 2012
Camping , Cars & Caravan , König Kunde Award , 1st in the years 2009 - 2010 , 2012 - 2014 , 2nd 2011 , 2016 , 2017
Caravaning , The best brands , 1st in the years 2008 - 2012 and 2014 , 2nd 2018 , 2019
Gas supply
Test winner LevelCheck , Reisemobil International and Camping , Cars & Caravans 2012
DCC technic award 2012 Mono/Duo Control CS
European Innovation Award 2018 ( Truma LevelControl )
Energy management
Promobil , The best brands , 3rd 2014 , 2nd 2018
Bavarian Energy Award 2008 for VeGA
F-cell Award 2007 for VeGA
External links
www.truma.com
References
Auto parts suppliers of Germany
Trailers
Camping equipment manufacturers
Manufacturing companies based in Munich
Manufacturing companies established in 1949
John Michael Jack , ( born 17 September 1946 ) is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom and was Member of Parliament for Fylde between 1987 and 2010 , serving at various junior ministerial posts during the John Major administration .
Early life
Michael Jack was born in Folkestone , Kent , England , the son of Ralph and Florence Jack . They attended Bradford Grammar School and then Bradford Institute of Technology ( now the University of Bradford ) . At the University of Leicester , they received a BA in Economics , and a MPhil in Transport Economics . They worked for Procter & Gamble from 1971 to 1975 . From 1975 to 1980 they worked at Marks & Spencer , being PA to Managing Director Lord Rayner from 1975 to 1976 , National Chairman of the Young Conservatives from 1976 to 1977 , Sales Director at LO Jeffs Ltd ( a fresh produce supply company and part of Northern Foods ) from 1981 to 1987 . They have also been a member of the Eastern Area Electricity Consultative Council , and of the Mersey Regional Health Authority .
Parliamentary career
They contested Newcastle Central in February 1974 . They were a Minister at the DSS from 1990 to 1992 , at the Home Office from 1992 to 1993 , then at MAFF from 1993 to 1995 . From 1995 to 1997 , they were Financial Secretary to the Treasury . William Hague appointed them a member of their Shadow Cabinet in 1997 as Shadow Agriculture Minister , but they returned to the back-benches in 1998 . They were Chairman of the Environment , Food and Rural Affairs Committee . They were a pro-European , and was member of the Tory Reform Group .
They were appointed to the Privy Council in the 1997 New Year Honours . On 14 March 2008 , Jack announced that they would stand down at the 2010 general election . After they left Parliament they served as chairperson of the Office of Tax Simplification and they were appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) in the 2015 New Year Honours for services to tax policy .
Personal life
They married Alison Jane Musgrave in 1976 , and they have two sons .
They retired as Chairman of Topps Tiles PLc in 2015 .
In 2018 they were appointed Chair of Governors of the Royal Agricultural University .
References
External links
ePolitix.com – Michael Jack MP
Guardian Unlimited Politics – Ask Aristotle : Michael Jack MP
TheyWorkForYou.com – Michael Jack MP
The Public Whip – Michael Jack MP voting record
BBC News – Michael Jack MP profile 4 March 2005
Audio clips
Discussing a £40m fridge mountain in 2002
Discussing Margaret Beckett in 2007
News items
Discussing Gangmasters in 2004
Conservative Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
Alumni of the University of Leicester
People educated at Bradford Grammar School
1946 births
Living people
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
André Carl van der Merwe ( born 4 January 1961 ) , is a South African novelist . Their first book , entitled Moffie , is an autobiographical novel based on diaries they kept as a teenager and during their compulsory National service . According to WorldCat , the book is held in 168 libraries , and was made into a movie , also called Moffie , by Oliver Hermanus in 2019 .
Biography
André Carl van der Merwe was born in Harrismith in the Free State . When their family moved to the Cape , they started their schooling in Welgemoed and later attended high school in Stellenbosch . After two years of national service , they studied fine art in Cape Town . During their third year they established a clothing company , which they owned for the next 15 years . Currently they live in Cape Town , and concentrates on architectural and interior design and writing .
References
Living people
1961 births
LGBT novelists
South African male novelists
People from Harrismith
Pelycothorax tylauchenioides is a species of beetles in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Pelycothorax .
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
Jim `` Jay '' Washington ( October 13 , 1951 – June 24 , 2018 ) was an American professional football player who played as a running back for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers . They were named CFL All-Star two times , in 1976 and 1977 , and both times they won the Eddie James Memorial Trophy . Washington finished their career with 6127 yards rushing .
References
1951 births
2018 deaths
African-American players of American football
American football running backs
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football running backs
Clemson Tigers football players
Sportspeople from Charleston , South Carolina
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Waman Marka ( Quechua waman falcon , marka village , Hispanicized spelling Huaman Marca ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches an altitude of approximately . It is located in the Junín Region , Yauli Province , Marcapomacocha District . It lies south of Mishipa Ñawin , northeast of a lake named Markapumaqucha .
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Junín Region
Wilhelm Emil `` Willy '' Messerschmitt ( ; 26 June 1898 – 15 September 1978 ) was a German aircraft designer and manufacturer . In 1934 , in collaboration with Walter Rethel , they designed the Messerschmitt Bf 109 , which became the most important fighter aircraft in the Luftwaffe as Germany rearmed prior to World War II . It remains the second most-produced warplane in history , with some 34,000 built , behind the Soviet Ilyushin Il-2 . Another Messerschmitt aircraft , first called `` Bf 109R '' , purpose-built for record setting , but later redesignated Messerschmitt Me 209 , broke the absolute world airspeed record and held the world speed record for propeller-driven aircraft until 1969 . Messerschmitt 's firm also produced the first jet-powered fighter to enter service — the Messerschmitt Me 262 .
Early life
They were born in Frankfurt am Main , the son of Baptist Ferdinand Messerschmitt ( 1858–1916 ) and their second wife , Anna Maria Schaller ( 1867–1942 ) .
First sailplane designs and World War I
As a young man , Messerschmitt befriended German sailplane pioneer Friedrich Harth . Harth joined the German army in 1914 and while they were away at war , Messerschmitt continued work on one of Harth 's designs , the S5 glider . In 1917 , Messerschmitt themselves signed up for military service . Following the war , the two were reunited and continued to work together while Messerschmitt commenced study at the Munich Technical College and Harth built aircraft at the Bayerische Flugzeugwerke ( BFW – Bavarian Aircraft Works ) . The S8 glider they designed and built together in 1921 broke a world duration record ( albeit unofficially ) and they went into partnership for a while running a flying school . The same year , the first plane entirely designed by Messerschmitt flew — the S9 glider .
Beginning of their career
In 1923 Messerschmitt graduated from the Munich Institute of Technology . The same year Harth and Messerschmitt had a falling out and went their separate ways , with Messerschmitt founding their own aircraft company at Augsburg . At first , Messerschmitt built sailplanes , but within two years had progressed via motor gliders to small powered aircraft - sports and touring types . These culminated in the Messerschmitt M 17 and Messerschmitt M 18 designs , which Messerschmitt sold to BFW in 1927 , when the Bavarian state government encouraged a merger between the two companies . These were followed by the Messerschmitt M20 light transport in 1928 , which proved a disaster for BFW and Messerschmitt himself . Two Deutsche Luft Hansa M20s were involved in serious crashes very soon after purchase , and this led the airline to cancel their order for the type . This caused a serious cashflow problem for the company and led to its bankruptcy in 1931 . The M20 crashes also created a powerful enemy for Messerschmitt in the person of Erhard Milch , the head of Lufthansa , who had lost a close friend in one of the crashes .
Nazi Germany and World War II
The ties that Messerschmitt had formed with leading Nazis Rudolf Hess and Hermann Göring ( through Theo Croneiss ) saved them from sharing the fate of Milch 's other great enemy , Hugo Junkers . To stay in business in the face of Milch ensuring that they would get no government contracts , Messerschmitt had signed agreements with Romania for sales of the M35 and a transport plane , the Messerschmitt M 36 . When Milch learned of this , they publicly denounced Messerschmitt as a traitor , and the Gestapo was sent to question them and other BFW officials . Probably due to Croneiss ' intervention , no further action was taken .
The establishment of the Reichsluftfahrtministerium ( `` Reich Aviation Ministry '' - RLM ) by the Nazi government in 1933 , headed by Milch , led to a resurgence in the German aircraft industry and the resurrection of BFW . Collaborating with Robert Lusser , Messerschmitt designed the flagship product of the relaunched company . This was a low-wing four seater monoplanes called the Messerschmitt M37 , but better known by its later RLM designation of Bf 108 . The following year , Messerschmitt incorporated many advanced design features of the Bf 108 into the Bf 109 fighter .
In 1936 , the Messerschmitt Bf 109 won the RLM 's single-seat fighter contest , and became one of the main Luftwaffe aircraft types . Messerschmitt and their factory thus took an important role in the RLM 's armament plans . This role expanded even further when the Messerschmitt Bf 110 also won the multi-purpose fighter contest .
On 11 July 1938 , Messerschmitt was appointed chairperson and managing director of BFW and the company was renamed after them to Messerschmitt AG . This same year , the company began work on what would eventually become the 262 , and on the Messerschmitt Me 210 , planned as successor for the Bf 110 . The 210 turned out to be plagued by massive development problems that were solved only by evolving the type into the Messerschmitt Me 410 . The resulting problems and delays again put the reputation of both Messerschmitt and their namesake company in jeopardy .
Trial and postwar career
Following World War II , Messerschmitt was tried by a denazification court for using slave labor , and in 1948 was convicted of collaborating with the Nazi regime . After two years in prison , they were released and resumed their position as head of their company . Since Germany was forbidden to manufacture aircraft until 1955 , they turned their company to manufacturing prefabricated buildings , sewing machines , and small cars — most notably the Messerschmitt Kabinenroller . Exporting their talents , they designed the Hispano HA-200 jet trainer for Hispano Aviación in Spain in 1952 before eventually being allowed to return to aircraft manufacturing in Germany to licence-produce the Fiat G91 and then Lockheed F-104 Starfighter for the West German Luftwaffe . They designed the later Helwan HA-300 , a light supersonic interceptor , for the Egyptian air forces . This was their last aircraft design .
Messerschmitt saw their company through mergers first with Bölkow in 1968 and then Hamburger Flugzeugbau in 1969 , at which point it became MBB ( Messerschmitt-Bölkow-Blohm , that became part of EADS now named Airbus ) with Messerschmitt as chairperson until 1970 when they retired . They died eight years later , on 15 September 1978 in a Munich hospital in undisclosed circumstances .
Criticism
Messerschmitt 's designs were characterized by a clear focus on performance , especially by striving for lightweight construction , but also by minimizing parasitic drag from aerodynamic surfaces . Their critics accused them of taking this approach too far in some designs . Theirs falling out with Harth had been over designs Harth felt to be dangerously unstable , and the 210 displayed instability , too , which could be cured only by enlarging the airframe and the aerodynamic surfaces , increasing drag and weight . Messerschmitt 's design philosophy also is evident in their arguments with Alexander Lippisch , who was designing the tailless Me 163 rocket fighter for production at the Messerschmitt works . While Lippisch maintained that the tailless design had an advantage , in principle , with regard to total drag , Messerschmitt pointed out that the design compromises , which are necessary to make a tailless aircraft safely controllable , defeated this purpose by increasing drag to the original level and above .
Awards
Messerschmitt was appointed Honorary Professor by the Munich Technical College in 1930 , and the Vice-President of the Deutsche Akademie für Luftfahrtforschung ( German Academy of Aeronautical Research ) . The German government also awarded them the title of Wehrwirtschaftsführer ( defense industry leader ) . In 1938 , Adolf Hitler bestowed upon Messerschmitt the German National Prize for Art and Science .
In 1979 , Messerschmitt was inducted into the International Air & Space Hall of Fame at the San Diego Air & Space Museum .
References
External links
Short Biography
Harth & Messerschmitt Youtube Documentary
1898 births
1978 deaths
Aircraft designers
German industrialists
Businesspeople from Frankfurt
People from Hesse-Nassau
German aerospace engineers
German company founders
German aerospace businesspeople
20th-century German businesspeople
Collaborators with Nazi Germany
Messerschmitt people
Technical University of Munich alumni
Technical University of Munich faculty
Knights Commander of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
German military personnel of World War I
Recipients of the Knights Cross of the War Merit Cross
Engineers from Frankfurt
Glider pilots
Forever Autumn may refer to :
Forever Autumn ( album ) , an album by Lake of Tears , or the title song
`` Forever Autumn '' ( song ) , a song by Jeff Wayne , Gary Osborne and Paul Vigrass
Forever Autumn ( novel ) , a novel by Mark Morris based on the TV series Doctor Who
Markus Eriksson ( born 29 November 1989 ) is a retired Swedish tennis player . Eriksson has a career high ATP singles ranking of 277 , achieved on 19 August 2019 .
Tennis career
Eriksson made their ATP main draw singles debut at the 2013 Swedish Open where they lost in the first round to Martín Alund . In 2014 , they made their debut in the main draw of an ATP doubles event , when they and partner Isak Arvidsson received a wild card at the Swedish Open . They lost in the quarterfinals to the tournament third seeds , Tomasz Bednarek and Henri Kontinen .
In 2012 , Eriksson was selected to represent the Swedish Davis Cup team in the World Group Playoffs against Belgium . For the period 2012 to 2020 , they played in 14 Davis Cup ties winning 7 of the 16 singles matches and 4 of the 7 doubles matches that they played .
Eriksson won their first ATP Challenger title in the doubles , when they and their compatriot André Göransson won the title at the Tampere challenger , where they beat Ivan Gakhov and Alexander Pavlioutchenkov in the final .
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures titles
Singles : 10
{ |
|-valign=top
|
Doubles : 36
{ |
|-valign=top
|
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Swedish male tennis players
Sportspeople from Gothenburg
The , commonly known as the Torneo Cuyano or Torneo del Oeste , is a regional rugby union competition in Argentina . The competition started in 2000 and involves 10 clubs from the unions of Cuyo ( Mendoza ) , San Luis and San Juan provinces .
This annual tournament has traditionally been dominated by Mendocino clubs . As in other inter-provincial tournaments , such as the Torneo del Litoral or Torneo del Noroeste , the best placed clubs in the Torneo del Oeste qualify for the Torneo del Interior .
Championships
All the champions are listed below :
Titles
Titles by club
References
External links
Unión de Rugby de Cuyo
Competition results
Rugby union competitions in Argentina
Edward Grant Stockdale ( July 31 , 1915 – December 2 , 1963 ) , was a Florida business person and friend of President John F. Kennedy who served as United States Ambassador to Ireland from 1961 to 1962 .
Early years
Born Edward Grant Stockdale in 1915 , they were an Episcopalian from Greenville , Mississippi . They attended the University of Miami , was voted President of their first-year student class , was reelected President of their sophomore class , served as President , Phi Alpha fraternity , and was the first University of Miami graduate to become a United States Ambassador . They played varsity football in 1938 and 1939 , and graduated with a degree in Business Administration . They worked as a salesperson and then as a manager for a venetian blind company . They then worked in real estate and was elected President of the Miami Junior Chamber of Commerce . During World War II they served in the U.S. Marine Corps in the Pacific . They left the service as a 1st Lieutenant and remained a Major in the U.S. Marine Corps Reserves .
Career
Stockdale was a Democrat and friend of George Smathers , whom they helped elect to Congress in 1946 . Stockdale became Smathers ' administrative assistant briefly and served in the Florida Legislature from 1948 to 1949 . While serving in the Florida House of Representatives , they introduced the Women 's Jury Bill to provide for jury service by women , reluctantly accepted an amendment that instead allowed women to register for jury service , and secured the bill 's passage by persuading the governor to withdraw their veto of the legislation . They also introduced the first anti-Ku Klux Klan legislation in a southern state , designed to prohibit the wearing of masks and hoods in public . They reported receiving anonymous telephone calls telling them `` leave this thing alone or you 'll be sorry . '' They rejected support for the bill offered by the Communist-dominated Miami Civil Rights Congress . They also secured House passage of a Birth Secrecy Bill that made the birth certificates of illegitimate children confidential . They also led a successful campaign against a tax on hotels and rooming houses and supported legislation to increase criminal penalties for child molestation . They lost the Democratic primary for their House seat in May 1950 to Dante Fascell .
Through Smathers , Stockdale met John F. Kennedy , a young Congressman , in 1949 . Stockdale served on the Dade County Commission from 1952 to 1956 . They staged a one-man revolt in September 1954 by making an issue of the Commission 's practice of conducting closed-door meetings and requiring unanimous votes . In 1955 they proposed the development of a convention hall to bring national conventions and sporting events to Miami and Miami Beach and a variety of other projects .
Stockdale later worked in real estate in Miami . President Kennedy visited them in Florida frequently before becoming president . In 1959 and 1960 Stockdale headed the Florida State committee to elect John F. Kennedy president . When Smathers decided to go to the 1960 Democratic National Convention as the favorite son candidate of the Florida delegation , part of an effort aimed at securing the nomination for Kennedy , they urged Stockdale to join the delegation : `` [ I ] t would appear to me that the best way you can be helpful to Jack Kennedy is to come on out with us ... where the fight will be held . You ca n't do them any good at home ... you must be where your voice can be heard and your presence felt . '' Stockdale campaigned for them in West Virginia , Oregon , and New York , and they were a member of the Democratic Party National Finance Committee .
Ambassador to Ireland
At the start of the Kennedy administration , Newsweek magazine described Stockdale as `` an ardent New Frontiersman and sometime participant in Kennedy touch-football games '' . Kennedy nominated Stockdale to serve as Ambassador to Ireland in February 1961 . Time magazine criticized Kennedy for nominating Stockdale after promising during the campaign to appoint ambassadors on the basis of ability alone . It asked `` where reward stopped and ability began '' . The Senate confirmed the appointment on March 28 , 1961 .
In April , 1961 , just before leaving for Ireland , Stockdale was sued by a business rival that claimed they had used `` undue influence '' to win government contracts for a Miami vending machines company in which they held stock . The Dade County Circuit Court dismissed that suit as `` frivolous '' and the Florida Circuit Court of Appeals upheld that dismissal . Congress later investigated those vending machine companies as part of the Bobby Baker scandal investigations into bribery of members of Congress , though Stockdale was not a target of the investigation . When interviewed by the Miami Herald during the Baker investigation , Stockdale said : `` I am a businessman , but I still consider myself a quasi-public figure . I am very meticulous in my dealings . ''
Stockdale presented their credentials in Dublin on May 17 , 1961 , and served until July 7 , 1962 .
Return to private life
After their time as ambassador , Stockdale returned to real estate and worked in public relations for the American Canteen Company . They also maintained their friendship with Kennedy . On January 1 , 1963 , Stockdale sat with Kennedy to watch the Orange Bowl game between the Alabama Crimson Tide and the Oklahoma Sooners , for which the President performed the opening coin toss . Stockdale was invited by Kennedy to participate in the May 30 , 1963 , Memorial Day ceremonies at Arlington National Cemetery , as the President laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier . Following the ceremonies , Kennedy and Stockdale visited the grave of Lieutenant James Forrestal , first United States Secretary of Defense and former Secretary of the Navy .
On November 25 , 1963 , Stockdale attended the funeral of President Kennedy at the invitation of Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy .
Personal life and death
In 1954 , Stockdale was named a member of Iron Arrow , an honorary organization of University of Miami graduates . They also served terms as president of the University of Miami Alumni Association and the Miami Jaycees .
They were married to the poet Alice Boyd Stockdale , née Magruder . They had 2 sons and 3 daughters .
Stockdale died in a fall from their office on the 13th floor of the DuPont Building in Miami , Florida , on December 2 , 1963 , one week after the funeral and just ten days after the assassination of President Kennedy . Police termed it a suicide , but no suicide note was found . Larry King later reported speaking to them the day of the assassination and finding them `` disconsolate to the point where they could n't get a word out '' .
Alice Boyd Stockdale 's book of poetry , To Ireland , with Love , was published by Doubleday & Company in 1964 and dedicated to their husband : `` For Grant with whom , hand in hand , I walked through Phoenix Park ... and who will always walk with me . '' President Kennedy had urged them to publish their poems .
References
Further reading
External links
1915 births
1963 suicides
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American diplomats
Businesspeople from Miami
People from Greenville , Mississippi
Ambassadors of the United States to Ireland
Members of the Florida House of Representatives
Florida Democrats
University of Miami Business School alumni
Suicides by jumping in the United States
Suicides in Florida
20th-century American politicians
1963 deaths
Lindoï ( ) is a village in the Centre Region of Cameroon , located in the Bondjock commune of the Nyong-et-Kéllé department .
History
When Lindoï was created in 1941 , the village was named `` Mambine '' which means `` fruit-bearing tree '' in Bassa by General Reli , who oversaw the region during the colonial era . After administrative cutbacks and during the decentralization process , Mambine was formed from its territories in Bondjock and Matomb and placed under the jurisdiction of Bondjock . From 1941 until 2009 , the village has had four leaders from one ruling family . In 2009 , the mayor was André Libam .
Population and Society
Lindoï was recorded as having 1,973 inhabitants in the 2005 census , and its majority ethnic group is Bassa . Young people comprise 85 % of the population . The village has one comprehensive public school , a general private secondary school , and a public secondary school . Despite these educational facilities , their gross enrolment ratio remains low . Lindoï has one Catholic and one Presbyterian parish , and several Christian Revival churches . Homes are built out of adobe , dry bamboo and baked mud bricks . Several borehole wells provide the town with water .
References
Lindoï
Populated places in Centre Region ( Cameroon )
NWS Holdings Limited ( ) is the conglomerate flagship of New World Development . It was established in 2002 when its predecessor , Pacific Ports Company Limited , acquired New World Services Limited from New World Development and the infrastructure assets from New World Infrastructure Limited .
The company is involved in infrastructure and service businesses in Hong Kong , Mainland China and Macau . Its infrastructure division includes roads , energy , water and ports projects . Its service division comprises facilities management ( the management of Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre and ATL Logistics Centre ) , contracting ( Hip Hing Construction and NWS Engineering ) , finance ( Taifook Securities and New World Insurance ) and transportation ( Citybus , New World First Bus and New World First Ferry ) .
NWS Holdings announced on 11 June 2010 that the Group had entered into an agreement with Fung Seng Enterprises Limited to dispose of certain subsidiary companies ( NWS Engineering Group ) engaged in service businesses for a total consideration of HK $ 888.5 million .
In December 2013 , Bloomberg reported that NWS Holdings agreed to acquire a stake in Beijing Capital International Airport Co from sovereign wealth fund GIC Pte . The company was valued at HK $ 2.36 billion ( US $ 304 million ) , according to Bloomberg .
Other companies owned by NWS Holdings include HK Ticketing .
The company is headed by Henry Cheng , the elder son of Dr Cheng Yu-tung , the chairperson of New World Development .
In August 2020 , the Citybus and New World First Bus subsidiaries were sold to Bravo Transport .
Corporate affairs
Its head office is in the in Central , Hong Kong .
References
External links
Companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
Companies established in 2002
Conglomerate companies of China
Logistics companies of China
New World Development subsidiaries
Property management companies
2002 establishments in Hong Kong
Conglomerate companies of Hong Kong
Charles Martel ( born Karl David Hanke , March 5 , 1860 , in Zurich , Switzerland – May 15 , 1945 ) was an American librarian responsible for the creation of the Library of Congress Classification ; they are often considered to be one of the most influential librarians in American library history .
Early life
During Martel 's childhood they were surrounded by books , as their father , Franz Hanke , was an antiquarian book dealer in Zurich . By 1872 , Martel was studying at the Zurich Gymnasium , where they would continue their studies until 1876 . Around the time they ended their studies at the gymnasium , their brother took them on a trip to America to attend the Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia . That same year the American Library Association held its first annual conference , also in Philadelphia , and it has been speculated that Martel may have had their first encounter with the American library system through this conference .
After returning to Switzerland , Martel helped take care of their ailing father , who died in 1878 . Following their father 's death that same year , Karl moved to the USA and that was the last anyone in their family heard of him . By 1887 , they had moved to Dent County , Missouri , where , in April , they became a US citizen under the name of Charles Martel . Following their citizenship , the newly minted Charles Martel moved to Council Bluffs , Iowa , where they worked as an estate manager as well as an assistant to a lawyer .
Pre-Library of Congress
It was in Council Bluffs that Martel would finally find their career . While in Council Bluffs , Martel heard of the Newberry Library in Chicago and by 1892 had gained employment there as an assistant cataloguer under the esteemed librarians Dr. William F. Poole and James C.M . Hanson ( 1864–1943 ) , whom they would learn from and team up with at the Library of Congress . While at Newberry , Martel was first introduced to Charles Ammi Cutter 's Cutter Expansive Classification system ( EC ) for cataloguing and classifying library resources . In 1893 James Hanson had left but the friendship developed in that single year of working together would be a boon for both of them in the years to come .
Martel continued to work at Newberry until December 1897 when they left for the Library of Congress , which had just finished its move into its new building in Washington , D.C. Before Martel arrived in Washington , Hanson had been hired on from the University of Wisconsin to become the new chief cataloguer of the classification division of the Library of Congress . Given the task of classifying the library 's collection by then Head Librarian John Young , Hanson immediately brought in Martel to help in the task .
Library of Congress
Installed in their new position , Martel saw that re-classifying the library 's collection was going to be an immense task . The Library of Congress used a cataloguing system developed by Thomas Jefferson that itself was a branch of a system used by Sir Francis Bacon . This system used 44 main categories and within these subject categories , number designations were given that originally meant which book in the category . By the time Martel had arrived in Washington , the numbers meant which shelf the book would be found on .
Work on classifying the library 's immense collection of books began in 1899 with Martel becoming a member of a committee formed and headed by Herbert Putnam , the new Head Librarian , following the death of John Young and William Parker Cutter . Putnam sent Martel and Hanson to libraries located across the nation to find a classification system that would work with the collection . In 1899 , the Dewey Decimal Classification ( DDC ) system was the most popular system in the libraries and it was a natural choice for the classifiers , but in an effort to look at all available options , Cutter 's Expansive Classification and one developed by the German theologian Otto Hartwig were also examined . Martel quickly ruled out Hartwig 's system because it emphasized religion too much , but could n't decide between Dewey 's system and Cutter 's . Both systems needed major adjustments in order to be adapted to the Library of Congress ' special needs and it ultimately became a matter of who would allow those changes to be made . By the end of 1899 , Martel rejected Dewey 's system because Melvil Dewey was unwilling to allow the library to make the necessary changes . This began a two-year-long controversy between the two giants of the library as each criticized the other over perceived slights in the decisions about changes needed to adapt the DDC . In the end the only real winner was Charles Ammi Cutter , who agreed to allow Martel and Hanson to make whatever changes they needed to their EC . Unfortunately , Cutter died in 1903 while finishing the final stage of the EC and thus Martel was forced to finish the system as they worked through the library 's collection .
The end product was greater than anyone could imagine . The Library of Congress Classification ( LC ) system drew heavily on various other catalogues then in existence such as the Index Medicus for the medicine section . And as a way to help other libraries use the library 's system , Martel and Hanson had the catalogue system printed on cards `` since with the printed cards of the Library of Congress a serviceable catalogue can be made with less expenditure of time and labor than by any other method at present available . '' On October 1 , 1912 , Charles Martel succeeded their old friend , James C.M . Hanson , who had left in November , 1910 .
In 1900 , shortly after beginning the work of re-classifying the library 's collection , Martel married the widow Emma ( McCoy ) Haas , who died in 1906 after giving birth to their son , Rennie .
Vatican Library
In the fall of 1927 , the Vatican Library , on order of Pope Pius XI , themselves the former librarian for the Vatican , and by suggestion of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , sent two cataloguers to the Library of Congress as a means of sharing cataloguing information as well as be taught how to create a catalogue for a large collection . Working together with Martel , the two gained enormous insights into the world of cataloguing . When they returned to Rome , the whole adventure was such a resounding success that a mission of cataloguers to Rome to help them in classifying the archives . The Carnegie Endowment turned to Dr. William Warner Bishop to select and head the team . Turning first to Martel , who quickly rebuffed him , Dr. Bishop was able to persuade James C.M . Hanson to go on the condition that Martel would also be persuaded to attend . Working through Dr. Putnam , Dr. Bishop was able to get Martel 's agreement and together with three others , the work began on adapting the LC and the Anglo-American Code of Catalogue Rules to the Vatican 's immense collection and archives . Martel was the natural choice to be the head classifier as they had such vast experience dating back nearly 30 years . As they had done with the Library of Congress , Martel and their old friend Hanson worked together to build an enduring system . As one contemporary stated , the two were `` greatly influential in drawing up the Vatican Norme , perhaps the best of modern cataloging codes , and one which goes far to reconcile European and American practice . ''
On September 15 , 1929 , Charles Martel ended an illustrious career as the Chief Classifier and later Chief of the Catalogue Division at the nation 's most prestigious library . They continued to consult though reaching compulsory retirement in 1932 and did not formally retire until just before their death on May 15 , 1945 .
References
External links
1860 births
1945 deaths
American librarians
Librarians at the Library of Congress
People from Chicago
People from Council Bluffs , Iowa
People from Dent County , Missouri
People from Washington , D.C .
People from Zürich
Swiss emigrants to the United States
Halifax–Northampton Regional Airport is a public use airport located eight nautical miles ( 9 mi , 15 km ) south of the central business district of Roanoke Rapids , a city in Halifax County , North Carolina , United States . It is owned by the Halifax–Northampton Regional Airport Authority . This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 , which categorized it as a general aviation facility .
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA , this airport is assigned IXA by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA ( which assigned IXA to Singerbhil Airport in Agartala , India ) . The airport 's ICAO identifier is KIXA .
Facilities and aircraft
Halifax–Northampton Regional Airport covers an area of 797 acres ( 323 ha ) at an elevation of 145 feet ( 44 m ) above mean sea level . It has one runway designated 2/20 with an asphalt surface measuring 5,500 by 101 feet ( 1,676 x 31 m ) .
For the 12-month period ending July 17 , 2009 , the airport had 2,900 aircraft operations , an average of 241 per month : 90 % general aviation and 10 % military . At that time there were 20 aircraft based at this airport : 90 % single-engine and 10 % multi-engine .
References
Halifax County Airport ( )
List of airports in North Carolina
Notes
External links
at North Carolina DOT airport guide
Airports in North Carolina
Transportation in Halifax County , North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Halifax County , North Carolina
Beatrice Bulgari ( née Bordoni ) is an Italian costume designer , best known for designing the costumes for 1990 's Cinema Paradiso .
They are married to the Italian billionaire Nicola Bulgari .
References
Bulgari family
Living people
Italian costume designers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Yann Boé-Kane ( born 5 April 1991 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Quevilly-Rouen .
Career
After making their debut in the French semi-professional leagues with Vannes , Boé-Kane made their full professional debut when they joined Auxerre in 2013 , with a 0–0 Ligue 2 draw against Nancy .
After spending six months in Greece with Ergotelis , Boé-Kane joined Ligue 2 newcomers Red Star in June 2015 .
After having a successful campaign with Red Star , in which the team finished fifth in the 2015–16 Ligue 2 season , Boé-Kane joined AC Ajaccio on a two-year deal , in July 2016 .
On 20 June 2019 , after three years at Ajaccio , Boé-Kane joined newly promoted Ligue 2 club Le Mans FC . They left at the end of the 2019–20 after Le Mans were relegated .
On 16 July 2021 , they signed with Quevilly-Rouen .
Personal life
Born in France , Boé-Kane is of Senegalese descent .
References
External links
Yann Boé-Kane foot-national.com Profile
1991 births
Living people
People from Angoulême
French footballers
French sportspeople of Senegalese descent
Association football midfielders
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National players
Vannes OC players
AJ Auxerre players
Ergotelis F.C . players
Red Star F.C . players
AC Ajaccio players
Le Mans FC players
Liga I players
FC Astra Giurgiu players
US Quevilly-Rouen Métropole players
French expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Greece
French expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Romania
French expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Sportspeople from Charente
Footballers from Nouvelle-Aquitaine
Diana Extended : The Remixes is a remix album released by American soul singer Diana Ross in 1994 . The album includes six tracks that were reworked by some of the biggest names in the industry at the time , covering Ross ' career as a solo artist and as a member of The Supremes , with Frankie Knuckles updating `` Someday We 'll Be Together '' from 1969 . The album also contains a remix of `` Chain Reaction '' , originally released during Ross ' time at RCA . The seventh track is `` You 're Gon na Love It '' , a track from the album The Force Behind the Power . The version on Diana Extended : The Remixes is a short remix available previously on a 12 '' single .
The album was only moderately successful on both sides of the Atlantic , reaching # 58 on the UK Albums Chart and # 68 on the US Top R & B/Hip-Hop Albums , while missing the Billboard Top 200 entirely . `` Someday We 'll Be Together '' was released as a single and peaked at # 7 on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play charts ( April 1994 ) . The album ultimately sold around 80,000 copies in the US .
The US version of the album was released on Motown , and European/Japanese versions on EMI . Track listings were the same , but special editions were also issued . Many remixes , including those by Joey Negro , were n't included on the album but instead only on the many singles released for the club market .
Track listings and formats
US , UK CD/ 12 '' Vinyl Maxi-single
`` The Boss '' ( David Morales Remix ) – 6:31
`` Love Hangover '' ( Frankie Knuckles Remix ) – 8:24
`` Upside Down '' ( David Morales & Satoshi Tomiie ) – 8:06
`` Someday We 'll Be Together '' ( Frankie Knuckles Remix ) – 8:46
`` Chain Reaction '' ( Dewey B & Spike ) – 6:15
`` You 're Gon na Love It '' ( E-Smoove & Steve 'Silk ' Hurley Remix ) – 4:24
`` I 'm Coming Out '' ( Maurice 's Club Remix ) – 8:08
US , UK 12 '' Vinyl Limited Ed . Double LP
A1 . `` The Boss '' ( David Morales Remix ) – 6:27
A2 . `` Someday We 'll Be Together '' ( Frankie Knuckles Def Mix ) – 8:43
A3 . `` I 'm Coming Out '' ( Maurice Club Mix ) – 8:07
B1 . `` Upside Down '' ( David Morales Down Under Mix ) – 8:04
B2 . `` Love Hangover '' ( Frankie Knuckles Classic Mix ) – 8:20
B3 . `` Love Hangover '' ( Frank Knuckles Tribal Reprise Remix ) – 5:23
C1 . `` Someday We 'll Be Together '' ( Frankie Knuckles Dub Remix ) – 6:57
C2 . `` The Boss ( David Morales Dub Remix ) – 6:55
C3 . `` Upside Down '' ( Satoshi Tomiie & David Morales Dub Part 1 ) – 7:42
D1 . `` The Boss '' ( David Morales BYC Remix ) – 11:06
D2 . `` I 'm Coming Out '' ( Maurice 's Monstrumental Remix ) – 8:02
Singles
Your Love
UK CD 1 Maxi-single
`` Your Love '' – 4:04
Missing You '' – 4:03
`` Love Hangover '' ( Frankie Knuckles Tribal Hangover Remix ) – 9:30
`` When You Tell Me That You Love Me '' – 4:10
UK CD 2 Maxi-single
`` Your Love '' – 04:05
`` Upside Down '' ( Satoshi Tomiie & David Morales Remix ) – 08:06
`` Someday We 'll Be Together '' ( Frankie Knuckles Remix ) – 08:45
`` Chain Reaction '' – 03:46
US , UK 12 '' Vinyl promo
A1 . `` Love Hangover ( Tribal Hangover ) '' – 9:26
A2 . `` Love Hangover ( Classic Club ) '' – 8:20
B1 . `` Love Hangover ( Tribal Reprise ) '' – 5:25
B2 . `` Your Love '' – 3:58
US , UK 12 '' Vinyl single
A1 . `` Upside Down ( '93 Remix ) `` – 8:00
A2 . `` Upside Down ( Dub 2 ) `` – 7:37
B1 . `` Someday We 'll Be Together ( '93 Remix ) '' – 8:40
B2 . `` Someday We 'll Be Together ( Final Sound Factory ) '' – 6:54
Why Do Fools Fall in Love
UK 12 '' Vinyl single
A1 . `` I 'm Coming Out '' ( K.O.K . club mix )
A2 . `` I 'm Coming Out '' ( Daybreak mix )
B1 . `` The Boss '' ( Morales club mix )
B2 . `` Why Do Fools Fall in Love ''
I 'm Coming Out
UK 12 '' Vinyl promo-only ( Remixes )
A1 . `` I 'm Coming Out '' ( K.O.K . Club Mix ) – 9:10
A2 . `` I 'm Coming Out '' ( Daybreak Mix ) – 5:40
B1 . `` The Boss '' ( Morales Club Mix ) – 11:07
B2 . `` The Boss '' ( Dub ) – 6:55
France CD Maxi-single ( Remixes )
`` I 'm Coming Out '' ( 7 '' Mix ) – 4:03
`` I 'm Coming Out '' ( K.O.K Club Mix ) – 9:10
`` I 'm Coming Out '' ( Extended 12 '' Mix ) – 6:00
`` I 'm Coming Out '' ( Daybreak Mix ) – 6:00
Someday We 'll Be Together
US 12 '' Maxi-single
A1 . `` Someday We 'll Be Together '' ( Radio Edit ) – 3:04
A2 . `` Someday We 'll Be Together '' ( Def Mix ) – 8:42
B1 . `` Someday We 'll Be Together '' ( Soundfactory Mix ) – 6:57
The Best Years of My Life
UK CD Maxi-single / UK 12 '' Vinyl promo-only
`` The Best Years of My Life ''
`` Upside Down '' ( '93 Remix )
`` Upside Down '' ( Morales Dub )
`` You Ca n't Hurry Love ''
The Boss/I 'm Coming Out
US CD Maxi-promo
`` The Boss '' ( Radio edit ) – 4:00
`` I 'm Coming Out '' ( Radio edit ) – 3:45
`` The Boss '' ( EP version ) – 6:27
`` I 'm Coming Out '' ( EP version ) – 8:07
`` I 'm Coming Out '' ( Bonus beats ) 2:00
References
1994 remix albums
Motown remix albums
Diana Ross remix albums
House music remix albums
Arika Kane is the eponymous debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Arika Kane . It was released by BSE Recordings on February 23 , 2010 .
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Credits below are adapted from Allmusic .
Lou Humphrey — Executive producer , producer , arranger , layout designer
Alan Jones — Executive producer
Arika Kane — Layout designer , photoshop artist , producer , arranger
Andrew Austin — Stylist
Michael Benabib — Photography
Karen Bishop — Hair stylist
John Francis , Jr. — Engineer , mixing engineer
Jorge Guzmán — Logo designer
Brandon Hodge — Producer
Rowena Husbands — Photography
Chris Bickley — Lead Guitar on Track 10
Andy Krehm — Mastering
Lanier Long — Make-up
Michael Lyndin — Photoshop artist
Carey Mellers — Producer
Edwin Ramos — Mixing engineer
Nicole Shallows — Make-up
Lilian Smith — Executive producer , layout designer
Michael Terry — Engineer
Steve Thompson — Engineer
Richard A. Vona — Executive producer
Ronnie Wright — Photography
Release history
References
External links
arikakane.com — Official Website
2010 debut albums
Arika Kane albums
Karsten Kobbernagel is a Danish lightweight rower . They won a gold medal at the 1984 World Rowing Championships in Montreal with the lightweight men 's eight .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Living people
Subbarao Krishnamurthy ( 26 October 1938 - 7 December 2017 ) was an Indian first-class cricketer who played for and captained Mysore . In thirty two first class cricket matches as a wicket keeper between 1957 and 1968 they scored 1,336 runs at a batting average of 27.26 with thirty catches and fifteen stumpings with the gloves .
References
External links
1938 births
2017 deaths
Indian cricketers
Karnataka cricketers
Alderley is an unincorporated community located in the town of Ashippun , Dodge County , Wisconsin , United States . Alderley is located on Highway O approximately north of Stone Bank , north of the unincorporated community of Mapleton , and east of Ashippun . The community was named by early settlers for Alderley Edge , England .
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Dodge County , Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Rhabdoviridae is a family of negative-strand RNA viruses in the order Mononegavirales . Vertebrates ( including mammals and humans ) , invertebrates , plants , fungi and protozoans serve as natural hosts . Diseases associated with member viruses include rabies encephalitis caused by the rabies virus , and flu-like symptoms in humans caused by vesiculoviruses . The name is derived from Ancient Greek , meaning rod , referring to the shape of the viral particles . The family has 40 genera , most assigned to three subfamilies .
Structure
The individual virus particles ( virions ) of rhabdoviruses are composed of RNA , protein , carbohydrate and lipid . They have complex bacilliform or bullet-like shapes . All these viruses have structural similarities and have been classified as a single family .
The virions are about 75 nm wide and 180 nm long . Rhabdoviruses are enveloped and have helical nucleocapsids and their genomes are linear , around 11–15 kb in length . Rhabdoviruses carry their genetic material in the form of negative-sense single-stranded RNA . They typically carry genes for five proteins : large protein ( L ) , glycoprotein ( G ) , nucleoprotein ( N ) , phosphoprotein ( P ) , and matrix protein ( M ) . The sequence of these protein genes from the 3 'end to the 5 ' end in the genome is N–P–M–G–L . All rhabdoviruses encode these ﬁve proteins in their genomes . In addition to these proteins , many rhabdoviruses encode one or more proteins . The first four genes encode major structural proteins that participate in the structure of the virion envelope .
The matrix protein ( M ) constitutes a layer between the virion envelope and the nucleocapsid core of the rhabdovirus . In addition to the functions about virus assembly , morphogenesis and budding off enveloped from the host plasma membrane , additional functions such as the regulation of RNA synthesis , affecting the balance of replication and transcription products was found , making reverse genetics experiments with rabies virus , a member of the family Rhabdoviridae . The large ( L ) protein has several enzymatic functions in viral RNA synthesis and processing . The L gene encodes this L protein , which contains multiple domains . In addition to RNA synthesis , it is thought to be involved in methyl capping and polyadenylation activity .
P protein plays important and multiple roles during transcription and replication of the RNA genome . The multifunctional P protein is encoded by the P gene . P protein acts as a non-catalytic cofactor of large protein polymerase . It is binding to N and L protein . P protein has two independent binding regions . By forming N-P complexes , it can keep the N protein in the form suitable for specific encapsulation . P protein interferes with the host 's innate immune system through inhibition of the activities of interferon regulatory factor 3 ( IRF3 ) and signal transducer and activator of transcription 1 ( STAT1 ) , thus eliminating the cellular type 1 interferon pathway . Also , P protein acts as an antagonist against antiviral PML function .
Rhabdoviruses that infect vertebrates ( especially mammals and fishes ) , plants , and insects are usually bullet-shaped . However , in contrast to paramyxoviruses , rhabdoviruses do not have hemagglutinating and neuraminidase activities .
Transcription
Transcriptase of rhabdovirus is composed of 1 L and 3 P proteins . Transcriptase components are always present in the complete virion to permit rhabdoviruses to begin transcription immediately after entry .
The rhabdovirus transcriptase proceeds in a 3 ' to 5 ' direction on the genome and the transcription terminates randomly at the end of protein sequences . For example , if a transcription finishes at the end of M sequence ; leader RNA and N , P and M mRNAs are formed separately from each other .
Also , mRNAs accumulate according to the order of protein sequences on the genome , solving the logistics problem in the cell . For example , N protein is necessary in high quantities for the virus , as it coats the outside of the replicated genomes completely . Since the N protein sequence is located at the beginning of the genome ( 3 ' end ) after the leader RNA sequence , mRNAs for N protein can always be produced and accumulate in high amounts with every termination of transcription . After the transcription processes , all of the mRNAs are capped at the 5 ' end and polyadenylated at the 3 ' end by L protein .
This transcription mechanism thus provides mRNAs according to the need of the viruses .
Translation
The virus proteins translated on free ribosomes but G protein is translated by the rough endoplasmic reticulum . This means G protein has a signal peptide on its mRNA 's starting codes . Phosphoproteins ( P ) and glycoprotein ( G ) undergo post-translational modification . Trimers of P protein are formed after phosphorylation by kinase activity of L protein . The G protein is glycosylated in the rough endoplasmic reticulum and the Golgi complex .
Replication
Viral replication is cytoplasmic . The replication cycle is the same for most rhabdoviruses . All components required for early transcription and the nucleocapsid are released to the cytoplasm of the infected cell after the first steps of binding , penetration and uncoating take place . Entry into the host cell is achieved by attachment of the viral G glycoproteins to host receptors , which mediates clathrin-mediated endocytosis . Replication follows the negative stranded RNA virus replication model . Negative stranded RNA virus transcription , using polymerase stuttering is the method of transcription . The virus exits the host cell by budding , and tubule-guided viral movement . Transmission routes are zoonosis and bite .
Replication of many rhabdoviruses occurs in the cytoplasm , although several of the plant infecting viruses replicate in the nucleus . The rhabdovirus matrix ( M ) protein is very small ( ∼20–25 kDa ) however plays a number of important roles during the replication cycle of the virus . These proteins of rhabdoviruses constitute major structural components of the virus and they are multifunctional proteins and required for virus maturation and viral budding process that also regulate the balance of virus RNA synthesis by shifting synthesis from transcription to replication . In order for replication , both the L and P protein must be expressed to regulate transcription . Phosphoprotein ( P ) also plays a crucial role during replication , as N-P complexes , rather than N alone , are necessary for appropriate and selective encapsidation of viral RNA . Therefore , replication is not possible after infection until the primary transcription and translation produce enough N protein .
The L protein has a lot of enzymatic activity such as RNA replication , capping mRNAs phosphorylation of P. L protein gives feature in about replication in cytoplasm . Transcription results in five monocistronic mRNAs being produced because the intergenic sequences act as both termination and promoter sequences for adjacent genes . This type of transcription mechanism is explained by stop-start model ( stuttering transcription ) . Owing to stop-start model , the large amounts of the structural proteins are produced . According to this model , the virus-associated RNA polymerase starts firstly the synthesis of leader RNA and then the five mRNA which will produce N , P , M , G , L proteins , respectively . After the leader RNA was produced , the polymerase enzyme reinitiates virion transcription on N gene and proceeds its synthesis until it ends 3′ end of the chain . Then , the synthesis of P mRNAs are made by same enzyme with new starter sinyal . These steps continue until the enzyme arrives the end of the L gene . During transcription process , the polymerase enzyme may leave the template at any point and then bound just at the 3′ end of the genome RNA to start mRNA synthesis again . This process will result concentration gradient of the amount of mRNA based on its place and its range from the 3′ end . In the circumstances , the amounts of mRNA species change and will be produced N > P > M > G > L proteins . During their synthesis the mRNAs are processed to introduce a 5 ' cap and a 3 ' polyadenylated tail to each of the molecules . This structure is homologous to cellular mRNAs and can thus be translated by cellular ribosomes to produce both structural and non-structural proteins .
Genomic replication requires a source of newly synthesized N protein to encapsidate the RNA . This occurs during its synthesis and results in the production of a full length anti-genomic copy . This in turn is used to produce more negative-sense genomic RNA . The viral polymerase is required for this process , but how the polymerase engages in both mRNA synthesis and genomic replication is not well understood .
Replication characteristically occurs in an inclusion body within the cytoplasm , from where they bud through various cytoplasmic membranes and the outer membrane of the cell . This process results in the acquisition of the M + G proteins , responsible for the characteristic bullet- shaped morphology of the virus .
Classification
Clades
These viruses fall into four groups based on the RNA polymerase gene . The basal clade appears to be novirhabdoviruses , which infect fish . Cytorhabdoviruses and the nucleorhabdoviruses , which infect plants , are sister clades . Lyssaviruses form a clade of their own which is more closely related to the land vertebrate and insect clades than to the plant viruses . The remaining viruses form a number of highly branched clades and infect arthropods and land vertebrates .
A 2015 analysis of 99 species of animal rhabdoviruses found that they fell into 17 taxonomic groupings , eight – Lyssavirus , Vesiculovirus , Perhabdovirus , Sigmavirus , Ephemerovirus , Tibrovirus , Tupavirus and Sprivivirus – which were previously recognized . The authors proposed seven new taxa on the basis of their findings : `` Almendravirus '' , `` Bahiavirus '' , `` Curiovirus '' , `` Hapavirus '' , `` Ledantevirus '' , `` Sawgravirus '' and `` Sripuvirus '' . Seven species did not group with the others suggesting the need for additional taxa .
Proposed classifications
An unofficial supergroup – `` Dimarhabdovirus '' – refers to the genera Ephemerovirus and Vesiculovirus . A number of other viruses that have not been classified into genera also belong to this taxon . This supergroup contains the genera with species that replicate in both vertebrate and invertebrate hosts and have biological cycles that involve transmission by haematophagous dipterans ( bloodsucking flies ) .
Prototypical rhabdoviruses
The prototypical and best studied rhabdovirus is vesicular stomatitis Indiana virus . It is a preferred model system to study the biology of rhabdoviruses , and mononegaviruses in general . The mammalian disease rabies is caused by lyssaviruses , of which several have been identified .
Rhabdoviruses are important pathogens of animals and plants . Rhabdoviruses are transmitted to hosts by arthropods , such as aphids , planthoppers , leafhoppers , black flies , sandflies , and mosquitoes .
In September 2012 , researchers writing in the journal PLOS Pathogens described a novel species of rhabdovirus , called Bas-Congo virus ( BASV ) , which was discovered in a blood sample from a patient who survived an illness that resembled hemorrhagic fever . No cases of BASV have been reported since its discovery and it is uncertain if BASV was the actual cause of the patient 's illness .
In 2015 two novel rhabdoviruses , Ekpoma virus 1 and Ekpoma virus 2 , were discovered in samples of blood from two healthy women in southwestern Nigeria . Ekpoma virus 1 and Ekpoma virus 2 appear to replicate well in humans ( viral load ranged from ~45,000 - ~4.5 million RNA copies/mL plasma ) but did not cause any observable symptoms of disease . Exposure to Ekpoma virus 2 appears to be widespread in certain parts of Nigeria where seroprevalence rates are close to 50 % .
Taxonomy
In the Alpharhabdovirinae subfamily , the following genera are recognized :
Almendravirus
Alphanemrhavirus
Alphapaprhavirus
Alpharicinrhavirus
Arurhavirus
Barhavirus
Caligrhavirus
Curiovirus
Ephemerovirus
Hapavirus
Ledantevirus
Lostrhavirus
Lyssavirus
Merhavirus
Mousrhavirus
Ohlsrhavirus
Perhabdovirus
Sawgrhavirus
Sigmavirus
Sprivivirus
Sripuvirus
Sunrhavirus
Tibrovirus
Tupavirus
Vesiculovirus
Zarhavirus
The genera of the other subfamilies are as follows :
Betarhabdovirinae
Alphanucleorhabdovirus
Betanucleorhabdovirus
Cytorhabdovirus
Dichorhavirus
Gammanucleorhabdovirus
Varicosavirus
Gammarhabdovirinae
Novirhabdovirus
The following genera are unassigned to the subfamily :
Alphacrustrhavirus
Alphadrosrhavirus
Alphahymrhavirus
Betahymrhavirus
Betanemrhavirus
Betapaprhavirus
Betaricinrhavirus
In addition to the above , there are a large number of rhabdo-like viruses that have not yet been officially classified by the ICTV .
See also
Rabies
References
Further reading
External links
ICTV Online Report Rhabdoviridae
Viralzone : Rhabdoviridae
Virus Pathogen Database and Analysis Resource ( ViPR ) : Rhabdoviridae
Viral plant pathogens and diseases
Mononegavirales
Virus families
James Alexander Brewer ( 25 February 1818 – 10 January 1886 ) was a naturalist , plant-collector , botanist , a writer of local floras , a beetle-collector , and a postmaster in the British Post Office . They were a member of the Botanical Society of London , and the first honorary secretary of the 'Holmesdale Natural History Club ' in Reigate , in the Vale of Homesdale .
In 1856 they published a New flora of the neighborhood of Reigate , Surrey , and in 1861 they were asked by the 'Holmesdale Natural History Club ' to edit for publication the manuscript of John Drew Salmons on the Flora of Surrey .
They collected plants and insects in Great Britain and Australia .
Brewer died on 10 January 1886 in Tonbridge , Kent .
Bibliography
References
1818 births
1886 deaths
19th-century British botanists
Coach driver may refer to :
A carriage driver or ( dated ) coachman , see also coach ( carriage )
A bus driver , see also coach ( bus )
A Weck jar is a glass jar used in home canning to preserve food . It has a rubber gasket with a glass lid .
History
The jars were invented and patented by Rudolph Rempel . Johann Carl Weck purchased the patent from Rempel , and in 1900 Weck and their best salesperson George Van Eyck founded the J. WECK Company in Germany . In 1902 , Weck left the company , Van Eyck continued to improve the design and function of the jar , and started exporting the jars outside of Germany . They trademarked the name WECK and their strawberry logo is still used today .
The jar
The glass jars come in a variety of shapes and sizes , have rubber seals , glass lids , and stainless steel clips .
Food is processed in Weck jars using the water bath canning technique , not a pressure canner . During the canning process the lids are secured by the clips which must be removed once the processing is complete and the jars have cooled . A correctly sealed jar is indicated when the tab of the rubber seal points downward . New rubber seals should be used each time food is processed .
See also
Home canning
Sterilization ( microbiology )
Other canning jar types/brands :
Fowler 's Vacola
Kilner jar
Mason jar
References
External links
( US )
( DE )
Glass jars
Canned food
Food storage containers
`` Talkin ' About '' is a song by American recording artist Amerie . It was co-written and produced by Rich Harrison for their second album , Touch ( 2005 ) . According to Amerie , it is one of their `` really personal '' songs and may be their favorite track on the album . Released as a promotional single , `` Talkin ' About '' peaked at number two on the US Billboard Bubbling Under R & B/Hip-Hop Singles chart . There was a remix made featuring East Coast rapper Jadakiss .
It was the third single from the album , and Amerie told MTV News in August 2005 that they would be co-directing the music video with Chris Robinson , with whom they collaborated on the videos for the two previous singles , `` 1 Thing '' and `` Touch '' . However , the video was not filmed .
Charts
Weekly charts
References
2005 singles
Amerie songs
Song recordings produced by Rich Harrison
Songs written by Rich Harrison
Songs written by Amerie
Dance-pop songs
2005 songs
Columbia Records singles
Arnold Raum ( – ) served as a judge on the United States Tax Court from 1950 to 1998 . They began working for the United States government in 1932 , as an attorney for the Reconstruction Finance Corporation . From 1934 to 1950 , they worked in the United States Department of Justice , as a special assistant in the Tax Division ( 1934–1939 ) , as special assistant to the U.S. District Attorney for Louisiana ( 1939 ) , and as Deputy Solicitor General ( 1939–1950 ) .
Raum was born to Isaac and Ida Raum in Lynn , Massachusetts , in 1908 . They graduated from Harvard University in 1929 , and from Harvard University Law School in 1932 . Shortly after completing law school , they began working for the Reconstruction Finance Corporation . As special assistant to the U.S. District Attorney for Louisiana , they headed investigations into fraud and tax evasion by Louisiana officials .
As Deputy Solicitor General , Raum argued numerous cases before the Supreme Court . They included United States v. State of California ( 1947 ) , which established that the federal government rather than the California state government owned land under the ocean off the state 's coast . Raum also played a major role in preparing the government 's case in Hirabayashi v. United States and argued cases before the Supreme Court establishing the constitutionality of Social Security . Raum argued more tax cases before the Supreme Court than any person before him .
In 1950 , Raum was appointed to the United States Tax Court by President Harry Truman . As Tax Court judge , Raum presided over the 1957 trial of former New York City mayor William O'Dwyer . Raum took senior judge status in 1978 and continued to serve on the court until 1998 .
References
External links
Supreme Court cases argued by or citing Arnold Raum
Judges of the United States Tax Court
Harvard University alumni
1999 deaths
1908 births
United States Article I federal judges appointed by Harry S. Truman
20th-century American judges
Harvard Law School alumni
In analytical chemistry , argentometry is a type of titration involving the silver ( I ) ion . Typically , it is used to determine the amount of chloride present in a sample . The sample solution is titrated against a solution of silver nitrate of known concentration . Chloride ions react with silver ( I ) ions to give the insoluble silver chloride :
Ag+ ( aq ) + Cl− ( aq ) → AgCl ( s ) ( K = 5.88 × 109 )
Methods
Volhard
An example of back titration , the Volhard method , named after Jacob Volhard , involves the addition of excess silver nitrate to the analyte ; the silver chloride is filtered , and the remaining silver nitrate is titrated against ammonium thiocyanate , with ferric ammonium sulfate as an indicator which forms blood-red [ Fe ( OH2 ) 5 ( SCN ) ] 2+ at the end point :
Ag+ ( aq ) + SCN− ( aq ) → AgSCN ( s ) ( Ksp = 1.16 × 10−12 )
Fe ( OH ) ( OH2 ) ( aq ) + SCN− ( aq ) → [ Fe ( OH2 ) 5 ( SCN ) ] 2+ + OH−
Mohr
In the Mohr method , named after Karl Friedrich Mohr , potassium chromate is an indicator , giving red silver chromate after all chloride ions have reacted :
2Ag+ ( aq ) + CrO ( aq ) → Ag2CrO4 ( s ) ( Ksp = 1.1 × 10−12 )
The solution needs to be near neutral , because silver hydroxide forms at high pH , while the chromate forms Ag2Cr2O7 at low pH , reducing the concentration of chromate ions , and delaying the formation of the precipitate . Carbonates and phosphates precipitate with silver , and need to be absent to prevent inaccurate results .
The Mohr method may be adapted to determine the total chlorine content of a sample by igniting the sample with calcium , then ferric acetate . Calcium acetate `` fixes '' free chlorine , precipitates carbonates , and neutralizes the resultant solution . Ferric acetate removes phosphates . All chlorides are dissolved out of the residue , and titrated .
Fajans
In the Fajans method , named after Kazimierz Fajans , typically dichlorofluorescein is used as an indicator ; the end-point is marked by the green suspension turning pink . Prior to the end-point of the titration , chloride ions remain in excess . They adsorb on the AgCl surface , imparting a negative charge to the particles . Past the equivalence point , excess silver ( I ) ions adsorb on the AgCl surface , imparting a positive charge . Anionic dyes such as dichlorofluorescein are attracted to the particles , and undergo a colour change upon adsorption , representing the end-point . Eosin ( tetrabromofluorescein ) is suitable for titrating against bromide , iodide , and thiocyanate anions , giving a sharper end-point than dichlorofluorescein . It is not suitable for titrating against chloride anions because it binds to AgCl more strongly than chloride does .
See also
Silver halide
Titration
References
Analytical chemistry
Titration
Mohsen Makhmalbaf ( , Mohsen Makhmalbaaf ; born May 29 , 1957 ) is an Iranian film director , writer , film editor , and producer . They have made more than 20 feature films , won some 50 awards and been a juror in more than 15 major film festivals . Their award-winning films include Kandahar ; their latest documentary is The Gardener and latest feature The President .
Makhmalbaf 's films have been widely presented at international film festivals in the past ten years . The director belongs to the new wave movement of Iranian cinema . Time selected Makhmalbaf 's 2001 film Kandahar as one of the top 100 films of all time . In 2006 , they were a member of the Jury at the Venice Film Festival .
Makhmalbaf left Iran in 2005 shortly after the election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , and has lived in Paris since the events of the 2009 Iranian presidential election .
Life
Makhmalbaf was born in Tehran on May 29 , 1957 . At the age of 15 , they became involved in a militant group fighting against the rule of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi , the then Shah of Iran , and at the age of 17 they were imprisoned for stabbing a police officer and sentenced to death . After serving five years of their sentence , they were released in the wake of the Iranian Revolution . They left Iran in 2005 .
Career
Makhmalbaf is a major figure in Iranian cinema . Their films have explored the relationship between the individual and a larger social and political environment . As a result , their work serves as an extended commentary on the historical progression of the Iranian state and its people . Makhmalbaf has worked in several genres , from realist films to fantasy and surrealism , minimalism , and large frescoes of everyday life , with a predilection ( common to Iranian directors ) for the themes of childhood and cinema .
In 1981 , they wrote the screenplay for Towjeeh , directed by Manuchehr Haghaniparast . In 1982 , they wrote the screenplay for Marg Deegari , directed by Mohammad-Reza Honarmand . They made their first film , Tobeh Nosuh , in 1983 , and Boycott , a film set in pre-revolutionary Iran , in 1985 . The latter tells the story of Valeh ( Majid Majidi ) , a young man sentenced to death for Communist tendencies , and is widely believed to be based on Makhmalbaf 's own experiences .
Makhmalbaf portrays human despair , exploitation , and resilience in The Cyclist ( 1987 ) , a movie about Nasim , a poor Afghan refugee in Iran in desperate need of money for their ailing wife . Nasim agrees to ride a bicycle in a small circle for one week straight in return for the money they need to pay their wife 's medical bills .
In 1989 , Iranian director Abbas Kiarostami read in the newspaper about an incident in which a Tehranian man named Hossain Sabzian tricked a family into believing they were Makhmalbaf . Kiarostami adapted the case into the 1990 docufiction film Close-Up , and recruited Makhmalbaf themselves to appear in the final scene of the film . Close Up is now regarded as a masterpiece of world cinema , and was voted by critics onto 2012 's Sight and Sound list of The Top 50 Greatest Films of All Time .
Time of Love ( 1991 ) is Makhmalbaf 's ninth feature film and the first film of what they call their `` third period '' . It is a romantic trilogy that offers three variations of the same story .
Makhmalbaf directed Gabbeh in 1996 . The film follows the nomadic Ghashghai people , whose bright , bold carpets tell stories . The main thread features a young woman who loves a mysterious stranger but is forbidden to marry him . The film is romantic and non-realistic , with events seeming to leap around in time and space , much like a dream .
Makhmalbaf took time off from directing in 1996 to form the Makhmalbaf Film House , a school for young filmmakers . It quickly became a private production house for the increasing number of filmmakers in their family . In 1997 , their 17-year-old daughter Samira directed The Apple , using them as a scriptwriter and editor . Makhmalbaf 's wife , Marziyeh Meshkini , worked as assistant director to their daughter and then took up directing herself .
Kandahar ( 2001 ) is a fictional odyssey inspired by a true story set in Afghanistan before the September 11 attacks , as the Taliban 's laws strip women of civil rights and hope and a Western-cultured Afghan woman returns to prevent their sister 's suicide during the last eclipse of the 20th century .
Early years of revolution
In contrast to their later career , for about a decade after the revolution , Makhmalbaf 's views and films served as the voice of revolutionary art in the cultural atmosphere of Iran . Moreover , some pre-revolutionary filmmakers have accounts about celebrities who have been hurt by Makhmalbaf 's positions in this period . Saeed Motalebi , an established writer and director before the revolution , is one of the people who have repeatedly recounted stories about how Makhmalbaf 's stances affected pre-revolutionary stars . One of these accounts refers to the 1982 film The Imperilled ( Barzakhi-ha ) which was written by Motalebi and had four pre-revolutionary male stars in the lead roles . It was directed by Iraj Ghaderi and , with its patriotic story about resisting foreign invasion , it was a chance for Fardin , Malek-Motiei , Ghaderi and Rad to renew their threatened careers as actors in the post-revolutionary atmosphere . The film was a hit and became the highest grossing Iranian film of all time in its short period of screening in theaters . But it was soon banned and consequently the four actors were banned from working . About how the film 's success was turned into disaster Motalebi says : In one Friday Mr. Mohsen Makhmalbaf gathered a couple of people and they started collecting signatures for a petition which was written on a scroll , stating that `` We have made a revolution while these actors are transgressors . '' They did it right in front of that theater in the Revolution Square near the university of Tehran . They said `` Look how theaters are crowded while friday events are deserted . '' That 's how they stopped my film .
Then a reporter who was queued to ask something about our film , went and told the then prime minister ( Mir-Hossein Mousavi ) `` There is a film in theaters whose writer wants to convey that people who are fighting in the fronts are problematic persons . '' The prime minister replied `` These are leftovers of junk intellectuals who will soon go to the dustbin of history . '' Malek-Motiei became jobless and turned their garage into a pastry shop . Ghaderi put some rice bags in their office and became a rice dealer . Fardin opened a pastry shop too and when I went to visit him , I used to wait outside as long as there were no customers so that they would n't feel ashamed when they saw me . These were all caused by those illogical efforts which I will never forgive .
There is also a letter by Makhmalbaf dating back to 1986 in which they attack filmmakers like Dariush Mehrjui and Ali Hatami . Addressing Mohammad Beheshti Shirazi , then head of Farabi Cinema Foundation which was Iran 's main governmental film production company , Makhmalbaf says : `` Two hours ago when I saw The Lodgers I was ready to attach a grenade to myself and hold Mehrjui to take both of us to the other world . ''
In later years , Makhmalbaf became deeply disillusioned , first by the Islamic regime , and soon after by Islamic ideology itself . By the early 1990s they were one of the most outspoken critics of the government in Iran .
Degrees and honors
Mohsen Makhmalbaf : Selected as the best filmmaker after the revolution by readers of cinema publications , 1988
A Moment of Innocence : Among Top Ten Films of the Decade – Awarded by International Festival Directors and Critics 1999
`` Federico Fellini Honor '' from UNESCO in Paris , 2001 ( France )
`` Freedom to Create Prize '' for their human rights activity and promoting social justice through their art , Art Action , England , 2009
Honorary Degree of Doctor of Cinema from Nanterre University , France , 2010
Honorary Degree of Doctor of Literature from St Andrews University , Scotland , 2011
Filmography
Films banned in Iran
The Nights of Zayande-rood ( 1990 ) , banned since 1990
Time of Love ( 1991 ) , banned since 1991
Once Upon a Time , Cinema ( 1992 ) , banned from 1992 until 1993
A Moment of Innocence ( 1996 ) , banned from 1996 until 1997
The Silence ( 1998 ) , banned from 1998 until 2000
The Gardener ( 2012 ) , banned since 2012
Film appearances
Marriage of the Blessed ( 1989 ) , directed by themselves
Close-Up ( 1990 ) , directed by Abbas Kiarostami
Hello Cinema ( 1995 ) , directed by themselves
A Moment of Innocence ( 1996 ) , directed by themselves
Tales of an Island ( 2000 ) , directed by themselves and Dariush Mehrjui
See also
Cinema of Iran
Further reading
Hamid Dabashi , Close Up : Iranian Cinema , Past , Present and Future . ( Chapter on Makhmalbaf ) . Verso , 2001 .
Hamid Dabashi , Like Light from the Heart of Darkness . Sakuhinsha , Japan , 2004 .
Hamid Dabashi , Masters & Masterpieces of Iranian Cinema : ( Chapter XI : Mohsen Makhmalbaf : A Moment of Innocence . pp . 325–368 ) . Mage Publishers , 2007. .
Hamid Dabashi , Makhmalbaf at Large : The Making of a Rebel Filmmaker . I . B. Tauris , 2007 .
The Peddler : ( Director 's interview , Screenplay , Reviews , and Study ) Compiled by Ebrahim Nabavi , 1989 .
Salam Cinema : ( Screenplay , Interviews , Reviews , and Study ) Compiled by Amir Khosravi , 1996 .
Gabbeh : ( Photographs with along Screenplay ) Photography by : Mohammad Ahmadi , 1996 .
Silence : ( Photographs with along Screenplay ) Photography by : Maysam Makhmalbaf , 1998 .
Mohsen Makhmalbaf : ( Review and Study ) Compiled by : Alberto Barbara ( in Italian ) , 1996 .
Makhmalbaf 's Broken Mirrors : ( Review and Study ) Compiled by : Lyrid Dijeon ( in English ) , 2000 .
Introducing of Mohsen Makhmalbaf and their works : ( Review and Study ) Compiled by : Baharlou , 1995 ( second print : 1998 ) .
`` Salaam Cinema , Films of Makhmalbaf Family '' by Pusan International Film Festival , 2000 .
`` The Films Of Makhmalbaf ( Cinema , Politics & culture In Iran ) '' by : Eric Egan , 2005 .
`` Makhmalbaf at Large '' ( Review and Study ) by : Hamid Dabashi , 2008 .
`` Mohsen Makhmalbaf : From Discourse to Dialogue '' ( Review and Study ) by : Fernando González García , 2008 .
References
External links
Makhmalbaf Film House ( Official Website of Makhmalbaf 's family : Mohsen – Marzieh – Samira – Maysam – Hana )
Firouzan Films Iranian Movie Hall of Fame Inductee Mohsen Makhmalbaf
Worlds Transformed : Iranian Cinema and Social Vision
Mohsen Makhmalbaf : Retrospective by Donato Totaro ( 1997 )
Iranian film directors
Iranian essayists
Iranian male novelists
Iranian novelists
Iranian screenwriters
Persian-language film directors
Fellini Gold Medalists
Parajanov Award winners
Iranian democracy activists
People from Tehran
1957 births
Living people
Iranian emigrants to France
Iranian editors
Mojahedin of the Islamic Revolution Organization politicians
Crystal Simorgh for Best Director winners
Crystal Simorgh for Best Screenplay winners
Like the Wind ( ) is a 2013 Italian biographical film directed by Marco Simon Puccioni . The film narrates the story of Armida Miserere , the first woman to direct a high security jail in Italy .
Cast
Valeria Golino - Armida Miserere
Filippo Timi - Umberto Mormile
Francesco Scianna - Riccardo Rauso
Chiara Caselli - Rita Rauso
Marcello Mazzarella - Maresciallo Stefano Prati
- Maresciallo Antonio Mangi
- Isabella
- Maurizio
References
External links
2010s biographical films
Italian biographical drama films
2010s Italian films
Pseudo-Maximus ( or Pseudo-Maximos ) is the conventional designation given to the anonymous author of a work misattributed to a Maximus , such as Maximus the Confessor or Maximus of Turin . Such works include :
Life of the Virgin ( Maximus )
Locus communes ( Pseudo-Maximus )
3BA ( call sign : 3RBA ) is a commercial radio station in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia broadcasting on the FM band on a frequency of 102.3 MHz .
Together with its sister station Power FM , it is owned by ARN . The station plays `` Great Classics & Today 's Favourites '' , which ranges from the 80s to Today .
3BA moved from AM ( 1314 ) to FM ( 102.3 ) on 5 May 1998 .
Today , 3BA 's old 1314 frequency currently relays RSN 927 whose signal also travels to Ararat , Colac , Hamilton , Stawell and Warrnambool .
In November 2021 , 3BA , along with other stations owned by Grant Broadcasters , were acquired by the Australian Radio Network . This deal will allow Grant 's stations , including 3BA , to access ARN 's iHeartRadio platform in regional areas . The deal was finalized on January 4 , 2022 . It is expected 3BA will integrate with ARN 's Pure Gold Network , but will retain its current name according to the press release from ARN .
On-Air Schedule
Weekdays
12:00am–06:00am - Ballarat 's 102.3FM 3BA
06:00am–10:00am - 'The Big Show ' with Paul 'PT ' Taylor
10:00am–12:00pm - 'Ballarat Today ' with Brett Macdonald
12:00pm–01:00pm - 'Retro Lunch ' with Geordi Norton
01:00pm–06:00pm - 'Afternoons ' with Dave
06:00pm–08:00pm - 'Sportsday '
08:00pm–10:00pm - '20-20 Retro Countdown ' with Aaron Stevens
09:00pm–12:00am - Ballarat 's 102.3FM 3BA
Saturdays
12:00am–06:00am - Ballarat 's 102.3FM 3BA
06:00am–10:00am - Frank Clark ( Lifestyle Programs )
10:00am–12:00pm - 'Off The Bench ' with Craig Hutchison & Liam Pickering
12:00pm–12:00am - Ballarat 's 102.3FM 3BA
Sundays
12:00am–12:00am - Ballarat 's 102.3FM 3BA
Past 3BA announcers
Garry West
Glenn McFarlane
Glenn Driscoll
Phil Weir
Mike Cooper
Dudley Moore
Randall Smith
Adrian Lee
Geoff Nott
Jim Griffin
Mike Walden
Craig Moore
Stephen Whittaker
Anthony Kierce
Craig Meddings
Tony McManus
Mal Lewis
Paul Cook
Brett Macdonald
Vaughan Jones
Tony Dean
Kathy Bedford
Leigh Ryan
Richard Stewart
Bill Freeman
John Price
Tom Bennett
Rob Hammer
Rob McCasker
Ben Rogers
Ed Cowlishaw
Craig Blomeley
Mike Menner
Peter Grace
Sean Cullen
Ralph Bain
Seb Claassen
Dan Lonergan
Gabrielle Hodson
Garrath Cockerell
Dean Pickering
Alex Withers
Program Guide Mon-Fri
References
External links
Station website
Radio stations in Ballarat
Radio stations established in 1930
Classic hits radio stations in Australia
Australian Radio Network
Monte Carlo Nights is a 1934 American pre-Code film directed by William Nigh .
Plot
A man wrongfully convicted of murder escapes custody and goes in search of real killer . The problem is that they only has one clue to go on .
Cast
Mary Brian as Mary Vernon
John Darrow as Larry Sturgis
Yola d'Avril as Madelon
Astrid Allwyn as Blondie Roberts
George `` Gabby '' Hayes as Inspector Nick Gunby
Kate Campbell as Aunt Emma
Robert Frazer as Jim Daggett
Carl Stockdale as Brandon
George Cleveland as Croupier
External links
1934 films
American mystery films
1930s romance films
1934 adventure films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by William Nigh
Monogram Pictures films
1930s mystery films
American romance films
American adventure films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Martyn Stephen Williams was born in Liverpool , England on May 2 , 1947 . As a mountain and wilderness guide they are the first person in the world to lead expeditions to the three extremes , South Pole ( 1989 ) North Pole ( 1992 ) and Everest ( 1991 ) . They are the first person to cross the continent of Antarctica under human power ( 1990 ) .
They founded Adventure Network International , the Antarctic services company operating from Patriot Hills , Antarctica , which has created and supported most of the record breaking expeditions in Antarctica in the last 40 years . They also founded Antarctic Airlines , the first airline in the continent of Antarctica .
In 2000 they organized and led the Pole to Pole 2000 expedition , first and only attempt to date to travel from one pole to the other under human power .
As a public speaker they have spoken about human potential to audiences on all seven continents , and teaches tools and techniques for enlightened living .
Expeditions
Pole To Pole 2000
The Pole to Pole team , young people aged 19–25 were selected from 5 continents . They journeyed approx . 35,000 km ( 25,000 miles ) in 9 months from the North Magnetic Pole to the South Pole . The goal of the journey was to inspire millions of youth worldwide to participate in environmental and humanitarian activities . The team achieved this goal by participating in activities along the route , and speaking to thousands of children and young adults at schools and universities . By the time they reached the South Pole on December 31 , 2000 they had collected 65 million promises of action from all over the world . The timing of arrival at the South Pole was set to coincide with the beginning of the next millennium . The team of young people became the first people in the world to enter the new millennium .
References
Living people
1947 births
A Poet 's Fate ( ) is a 1959 Soviet drama film directed by Boris Kimyagarov .
Plot
The film tells about the Iranian poet Rudaki , the founder of Persian poetry .
Cast
Marat Aripov as Rudaki
Nozukmo Shomansurova
Makhmud Takhiri
Abdulkhamid Nurmatov
Dilbar Kasymova
Khodzhakuli Rakhmatullaev
Sofia Tuibayeva
Shamsi Dzuraev
Mukhamejan Kasymov
References
External links
1959 films
1950s Russian-language films
Soviet drama films
1959 drama films
Isaac Boye Edegware ( born 5 January 1997 ) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a forward for Swedish club IF Karlstad Fotboll on loan from Örebro SK .
Career statistics
Club
References
1997 births
Living people
Nigerian footballers
Nigerian expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Allsvenskan players
Ettan Fotboll players
Superettan players
Örebro SK players
Umeå FC players
Ljungskile SK players
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
IF Karlstad Fotboll players
Prince Joyi ( ) was a Korean Royal Prince as the fourth and youngest son of Taejo of Goryeo and Queen Jeongdeok . They were a Buddhism .
References
Korean princes
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Enevold Steenblock Høyum ( 15 May 1775 – 24 January 1830 ) was a Norwegian military officer who served as a representative at the Norwegian Constitutional Assembly .
They were born at Sauherad in Telemark , Norway . They were the oldest of six siblings . The family moved to Haug gård in Sauherad during their youth . They entered military service and in 1794 became Second Lieutenant in Telemark Infantry Regiment ( Tellemarkske Infanterie Regiment ) . They advanced through the ranks became Captain in 1809 .
Together with Commander Gullik Madsen Røed , they represented Telemark Infantry Regiment at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814 . They both voted with the independence party ( Selvstendighetspartiet ) .
In 1810 , they married Edel Maria Thornson with whom they were the father of six children . After their retirement from military service , they lived on Søve gård at Holla in Telemark .
References
External links
Representantene på Eidsvoll 1814 ( Cappelen Damm AS )
Related Reading
Holme , Jørn ( 2014 ) De kom fra alle kanter – Eidsvollsmennene og deres hus ( Oslo : Cappelen Damm )
1775 births
1830 deaths
People from Sauherad
Norwegian Army personnel
Norwegian military personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
Fathers of the Constitution of Norway
The women 's 100 metres sprint event at the 1948 Olympic Games took place July 31 and August 2 . The final was won by Dutchwoman Fanny Blankers-Koen .
Records
Prior to the competition , the existing World and Olympic records were as follows .
Schedule
All times are British Summer Time ( UTC+1 ) .
Results
Round 1
The fastest two runners in each heat advanced to the semifinals .
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Heat 7
Heat 8
Heat 9
Semifinals
The fastest two runners in each heat advanced to the final .
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Semifinal 3
Final
References
External links
Organising Committee for the XIV Olympiad , The ( 1948 ) . The Official Report of the Organising Committee for the XIV Olympiad . LA84 Foundation . Retrieved 4 September 2016 .
Athletics at the 1948 Summer Olympics
100 metres at the Olympics
1948 in women 's athletics
Ath
Michelin House at 81 Fulham Road , Chelsea , London , was constructed as the first permanent UK headquarters and tyre depot for the Michelin Tyre Company Ltd . The building opened for business on 20 January 1911 . In 1987 the building was converted to mixed-use , with a store , restaurant , bar and office space .
Brief history
Designed by one of Michelin 's employees , François Espinasse , the building has three large stained-glass windows based on Michelin advertisements of the time , all featuring the Michelin Man `` Bibendum '' . Around the front of the original building at street level there are a number of decorative tiles showing famous racing cars of the time that used Michelin tyres . More tiles can be found inside the front of the building , which was originally a tyre-fitting bay for passing motorists . People walking into the reception area of the building are still greeted by a mosaic on the floor showing Bibendum holding aloft a glass of nuts , bolts and other hazards , proclaiming `` Nunc Est Bibendum '' ( Latin for `` Now is the time to drink '' ) . The reception area also features more decorative tiles around its walls . Two glass cupolas , which look like piles of tyres , frame either side of the front of the building . The Michelin company 's close association with road maps and tourism is represented by a number of etchings of the streets of Paris on some of the first-floor windows .
Michelin moved out of the building in 1985 , when it was purchased by publisher Paul Hamlyn and the restaurateur/retailer Sir Terence Conran , who shared a love for the building . They embarked on a major redevelopment that included the restoration of some the original features . The new development also featured offices for Hamlyn 's company Octopus Publishing , as well as Conran 's Bibendum Restaurant & Oyster Bar , and a Conran Shop . All three businesses opened in August 1987 .
Design and construction
Patents owned by Dunlop prevented other manufacturers from selling their tyres in Britain , except under licence . The patents were due to expire in the autumn of 1904 , and in anticipation of this , Michelin opened an office in Tavistock Place , South Kensington . Michelin sent four employees over from France to Britain to establish the new British branch of the company . Fourteen local staff were also recruited . In June 1905 , the Michelin Tyre Company Limited was incorporated . Within a year , the staff had increased to over forty and the company moved into new premises in Sussex Place . When it soon became apparent that the company needed much larger premises , the search for a new site began . A number of different sites were looked into and the earliest plans for a purpose-built London Headquarters date from 1906 for a site on Vauxhall Bridge Road . In 1909 , a site on Fulham Road was offered to the company . Fulham Road , one of the main routes into London was considered a great location . Later that same year , a piece of land bordered by Fulham Road , Sloane Avenue , Leader Street and Lucan Place was purchased freehold from Cadgan and Hans Estate Co. Work on a design for the building had already begun and on 4 April 1910 , the final designs for Michelin House were completed . Shortly after , work began on the building 's construction .
Technical aspects
Michelin House is known for its decorative design . What can not be seen from its exterior or interior design is that it is an early example of concrete construction in Britain .
The building was constructed using Hennebique 's ferro-concrete construction system . The ferro-concrete system offered great benefits for the construction of clear open spaces ( ideal for storing tyres in the most efficient way ) . It also offered fire resistance properties which were very important when storing large quantities of highly flammable tyres .
The system also had the advantage of quick construction ; Michelin House took only 5 months to build . The original floors were constructed using hollow pot tiles . This flooring system as well as being highly durable also offered very good fireproofing qualities .
Other interesting original features in Michelin House were automatic doors into the entrance hall and a weighing bay in the fitting area which weighed customers ' cars so the correct tyre pressure could be applied .
Architect
The architect behind Michelin House was François Espinasse ( 1880–1925 ) , who was employed as an engineer in the construction department at Michelin 's headquarters in Clermont-Ferrand . It is believed that they worked on the design of Michelin 's Headquarters in Paris ( 1908 ) , but this is the only other known architectural work of his . The French Order of Architects in Paris have no record of him . Not much else is known about them other than they spent most of their working life at Michelin .
Architectural style
Michelin House is a unique building that is fine example of late Modern Style ( British Art Nouveau style ) and early Art Deco . It was designed and built at the end of the Art-Nouveau period ; parts of this style can be seen in the decorative metal work at the front of the building above the fitting bays , and the tangling plants round the tyre motifs at the front and side of the building , and also in the mosaic in the entrance hall . Despite this , Michelin House is very much like an Art-Deco building , the popular style of the 1930s with its prominent roadside position and its strong advertising images and symmetry . In this respect , Michelin House is a building twenty years before its time and is also the first of the highly decorated buildings 'built on tyres ' , as Michelin House was built before Fort Dunlop ( 1916 ) and the Firestone Building ( 1928–1980 ) .
Michelin House has been listed Grade II on the National Heritage List for England since April 1969 .
Rise and fall
On 20 January 1911 , Michelin House was officially opened . The building offered everything the motorist of the time required . Fitting bays at the front of the building allowed motorist to have their tyres speedily changed by Michelin fitters from the stock of over 30,000 stored in the basement . Tyres were brought up on a lift and rolled to the front of the building along the purposely sloped floor . To the left of the front recipient , a 'Touring Office ' provided maps and writing implements for the keen motorist to plan their or their journey .
Within a year of opening , work started on an extension to the building to provide additional office space and included a second floor . The extension was built along the Lucan Place side of the building . A further extension was built in 1922 , ten years after the first . Located where a garage had stood , it reached three floors .
In 1927 , Michelin built a factory in Stoke-on-Trent using the firm of Peter Lind & Company of London . The factory started producing the first British made Michelin tyres and in 1930 , the company moved their head office to Stoke-on-Trent . Michelin continued to use the basement and the ground floor of the building , but over two-thirds were left empty . Between 1933 and 1940 , the upper storeys were let as a furniture warehouse , a workshop and offices for the Air Ministry .
In 1940 , because of the risk of bombing , Michelin removed the three stained glass windows . They were carefully packed into wooden crates and sent to the Stoke-on-Trent factory for safe keeping . After the war , Michelin returned its headquarters to London . The reduced staff meant only the front , original part of the building was occupied , while the rest of the building was leased . In 1950 , a long term lease was signed by a new tenant for the space created in the 1912 and 1922 extensions . In 1952 , an extension was added for the tenant . A steel frame construction , it extended part of the second floor and added a third floor along the Lucan Place side of the building .
In 1960 , Michelin and their tenant began a modernisation programme for the interior of the building . The programme went along with the general taste of the time , dividing the open-plan office and making much use of wood panelling . Although the work concentrated on the interior of the building , updating the exterior of the building with a cement rendered facade was considered .
On 15 April 1969 the original front section of the Michelin Building was given a Grade II listing . Despite this , outline planning permission was granted to demolish all but the listed part and build a ten-storey office block . Michelin instead decided to spend the money on a new factory in North America .
Sale
In 1985 , Michelin put the building up for sale . It was located in an expensive and fashionable part of London , but did not fit their office requirements .
Of the many people who made bids to buy Michelin House , the restaurateur and retailer Sir Terence Conran and Paul Hamlyn , owner of the Octopus Publishing Group , were friends who when they discovered they had been bidding against each other , formed a partnership to purchase it . In August 1985 , it was sold to them for 8 million pounds . Plans were then set into action to create a new lease of life for Michelin House .
Rebirth
Conran and Hamlyn set up Michelin House Developments to redevelop the building , to include a major retailing store , restaurant , bar and large office space . In November 1985 , Conran Roche and YRM , the architects and designers placed in charge , made an application for planning permission to increase the existing floor area from 90,000 to . This was to be achieved by building a new steel and glass structure that would fill the space occupied by the side loading bay on the Sloane Avenue side , and by also adding a new neater front end to the third floor plus a new fourth floor and plant room above . Planning permission was granted and work began .
The chief contractor was Bovis , who worked on the shell and core . Conran Roche worked on the interior of the new Conran Shop , and YRM worked on the interiors of the Octopus Publishing offices .
Conran Roche and YRM had to search for suppliers to recreate many of the building 's original features . The three stained glass windows which had been removed for safety during the Second World War had been lost and the glass cupolas at the front of the building had disappeared . After a long search , suppliers were found , and replicas of the windows and cupolas were made using original drawings , photos and posters .
In August 1987 , Michelin House re-opened .
In the late 1990s , Reed/Octopus Publishing moved out . In 1999 , Monitor Group , an international business consulting firm , moved into the office space .
20 January 2011 marked the 100th anniversary of the building 's opening . The event was celebrated by the building 's then occupants , Bibendum Restaurant and The Conran Shop , and the former owner , Michelin .
As part of the centennial , Michelin has renewed its efforts to find the original stained glass windows . A stained glass amnesty website and hotline have been set up for this purpose .
References
External links
Bibendum Restaurant
The Conran Shop
1911 establishments in England
Art Nouveau architecture in London
Art Nouveau commercial buildings
Buildings and structures in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
Michelin House
Commercial buildings completed in 1911
Grade II listed buildings in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
Michelin
Restaurants in London
Tourist attractions in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
Michelin Guide starred restaurants in the United Kingdom
Kristi Miller-North ( born 22 December 1985 ) is an American former professional tennis player . They were raised in Marysville , Michigan and played collegiate tennis for Georgia Tech .
Miller made history in 2005 as Georgia Tech 's first female All-American and was a winner of the 2005-06 Honda Sports Award . In 2006-07 , they were a member of Georgia Tech 's NCAA championship winning team . They secured the title by beating UCLA in the championship match at home in Athens and contributed with a win over Riza Zalameda in No . 1 singles .
A right-handed player , Miller competed briefly on the professional tour after graduation and won three ITF titles in doubles . Them best performance on tour came while they were still at Georgia Tech in 2005 , when they teamed up with Megan Bradley to make the second round of the US Open women 's doubles .
ITF Circuit finals
Singles : 2 ( 0–2 )
Doubles : 4 ( 3–1 )
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
American female tennis players
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets women 's tennis players
Tennis people from Michigan
People from Marysville , Michigan
Sportspeople from Metro Detroit
Martin Tolich ( born 8 June 1957 ) is a sociologist and ethicist who is currently an Associate Professor of sociology at the University of Otago .
Career
Tolich specialises in qualitative research methods and research ethics committees . They earned a master 's degree in sociology from the University of Auckland and completed their PhD at the University of California , Davis in 1991 . They were a lecturer in sociology at Massey University from 1992 to 2004 . As of 2005 they have been a lecturer in sociology at the University of Otago where they were appointed Associate Professor in 2009 .
Research ethics
Tolich served as the deputy chair of the Massey University human ethics committee from 1997 . In 2002 they joined the Manawatu-Whanganui Health and Disability ethics committee . In 2004 the Minister of Health appointed Martin Tolich ethicist and chair person of the newly established Multi-region health and disability ethics committee where they served until 2009 . In 2011 Martin Tolich and their colleague Dr Barry Poata Smith were awarded a three-year Marsden Grant to study the `` Tensions around ethics review and Māori consultation '' .
Martin Tolich is the convener of the New Zealand Ethics Committee , a not-for-profit independent ethics committee , serving any researcher not eligible for health or institutional ethics review .
Personal life
Born in Auckland , Tolich now lives in Dunedin with their wife and their two children .
References
1957 births
Living people
New Zealand sociologists
Sociology educators
University of Auckland alumni
Massey University faculty
University of Otago faculty
University of California , Davis alumni
Marco Di Loreto ( born 28 September 1974 ) is an Italian former footballer turned manager . They have played over 200 matches at Italian Serie A since their debut at age 26 .
They have been the former head coach of Lega Pro Seconda Divisione club Castel Rigone .
Coaching career
In March 2011 they were appointed as the coach of Berretti youth team of Foligno Calcio . In July 2011 , they obtained a UEFA A License , making them eligible to coach Lega Pro teams .
They then served as youth coach at Perugia for the 2012–13 season .
They have been the head coach of Castel Rigone in the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione league in the 2013–14 season until the end of October 2013 .
Honours
Serie D : 1996
UEFA Intertoto Cup : 2003
References
External links
Profile at La Gazzetta dello Sport ( 2006-07 )
Profile at La Gazzetta dello Sport ( 2007-08 )
Profile at Lega-Calcio.it
Italian footballers
Italian football managers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie D players
S.S. Arezzo players
A.C. Perugia Calcio players
ACF Fiorentina players
Torino F.C . players
Association football central defenders
People from Terni
1974 births
Living people
Footballers from Umbria
Sportspeople from the Province of Terni
Cannonball is a British/Canadian adventure drama series starring Paul Birch and William Campbell , and aired on CBC Television in Canada , ABC Weekend TV in the United Kingdom , and in syndication in the United States . Produced by Normandie Productions and ITC Entertainment , the series ' interiors were filmed at Canadian Film Industries Limited , a studio in Canada . Exteriors were shot in and around Toronto .
The series is one of the few ITC productions to air on ABC Weekend TV in the UK . Because Associated TeleVision ( ATV ) owners of ITC , also ran the London weekend and Midlands weekdays ITV companies , they tended to hold the rights for ITC series in order to show each one in the Midlands ( where ABC was the weekend operator ) during the week . The series aired from October 6 , 1958 to July 13 , 1959 , for 39 episodes in black-and-white .
Synopsis
The series follows the adventures of Mike Malone ( Paul Birch ) , whose nickname is 'Cannonball ' , and Jerry Austin ( William Campbell ) , two truckers who haul cargo across the US and Canada for the fictitious Toronto-based C & A Transport Company Ltd . The truck depicted is believed a GMC Model 950 COE ( cab-over engine ) diesel tractor built and sold in the same decade by General Motors . The supporting cast includes Beth Lockerbie as Mary Malone , Mike 's wife , and Beth Morris as Ginny Malone and Steve Barringer as Butch Malone , the couple 's two children . Howard Milsom appears as C & A Transport Company Ltd. 's dispatcher Harry Butler .
The duo 's adventures come to an end in the series 's final episode , `` Tunnel Vision '' . Austin , who is Malone 's co-driver on the truck , has an opportunity to go back and finish college . Malone knows this but realizes Austin will not take the opportunity because it will break up their partnership . In their yearly medical check up , Malone pretends to have tunnel vision ( lack of peripheral vision ) which means they no longer qualifies to drive trucks . This frees Austin who is able to finish their college education .
Main cast
Paul Birch as Cannonball Mike Malone
William Campbell as Jerry Austin
Beth Lockerbie as Mary Malone
Beth Morris as Ginny Malone
Steve Barringer as Butch Malone
Howard Milsom as Harry Butler
Episode list
The original production order appears to be lost and all that remains is a partial list based upon Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and ITV air dates . As titles were not shown on-screen , these titles may be speculative .
`` The Runaway Truck ''
`` Pills ''
`` Nitro Haul ''
`` Small Cargo ''
`` The Big Ambulance ''
`` Mark Time ''
`` The Necklace ''
`` Shock ''
`` The Attack ''
`` The Girl Reporter ''
`` Butch ''
`` Little Old Man ''
`` Sauce for the Goose ''
`` The Girl at Joe 's Place ''
`` Nanette ''
`` Lil 's Cafe ''
`` The Hostage ''
`` Fallout ''
`` Marooned ''
`` Undercover ''
`` Vendetta ''
`` The Has-been ''
`` The Flying Dutchman ''
`` Rodeo ''
`` Trip to Buffalo ''
`` Wild Party ''
`` Driving School ''
`` Eyewitness ''
`` Ginny ''
`` Racket ''
`` Green-eyed Monster ''
`` Sights on Safety ''
`` Moose Hunt ''
`` Big Buck ''
`` Willy ''
`` The Dog ''
`` Snake Eyes ''
`` The Iron Lung ''
`` Tunnel Eyes ''
Theme music
The Cannonball TV series had a theme that opened and closed each episode . The words and music were written and performed by the American country artist Merle Haggard .
References
External links
TV.com entry
Classic TV Archive information
Cannonball Intro
Cannonball - Canadian Communication Foundation
Queen 's University Directory of CBC Television Series : Cannonball
Episodes of Cannonball on YouTube-Starring Paul Birch and William Campbell
1958 British television series debuts
1959 British television series endings
1958 Canadian television series debuts
1959 Canadian television series endings
1950s British drama television series
1950s Canadian drama television series
Black-and-white British television shows
Black-and-white Canadian television shows
CBC Television original programming
English-language television shows
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
Television shows filmed in Toronto
Television shows produced by ABC Weekend TV
Television series by ITC Entertainment
Perry Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County , Ohio , United States . The 2010 census found 1,605 people in the township .
Geography
Located in the southeastern corner of the county , it borders the following townships :
Montgomery Township - north
Scott Township , Sandusky County - northeast corner
Jackson Township , Seneca County - east
Loudon Township , Seneca County - southeast corner
Washington Township , Hancock County - south
Cass Township , Hancock County - southwest corner
Bloom Township - west
Portage Township - northwest corner
Part of the city of Fostoria is located in southeastern Perry Township , and the village of West Millgrove lies in the township 's north .
Name and history
Perry Township was established in 1833 . It is one of twenty-six Perry Townships statewide .
Government
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees , who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1 . Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it . There is also an elected township fiscal officer , who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election , which is held in November of the year before the presidential election . Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees is filled by the remaining trustees .
References
External links
County website
Townships in Wood County , Ohio
Townships in Ohio
Industrial Bio-Test Laboratories ( IBT Labs ) was an American industrial product safety testing laboratory . IBT conducted significant quantities of research for pharmaceutical companies , chemical manufacturers and other industrial clients ; at its height during the 1950s , 1960s , and 1970s , IBT operated the largest facility of its kind and performed more than one-third of all toxicology testing in the United States . IBT was later confirmed of engaging in extensive scientific misconduct , or more properly , fraud , which resulted in the indictment of its president and several top executives in 1981 and convictions in 1983 . The revelations of misconduct by IBT Labs led to reforms in the regulation of pesticides in the United States and Canada .
History
Early years
IBT was founded in 1953 by Joseph C. Calandra , an Italian American professor of pathology and biochemistry at Northwestern University . Calandra , the first of their family to pursue higher education , contributed to the concept of toxicologically innocuous doses during their tenure at Northwestern .
Described by their colleagues as a `` man of high scientific standards who also knew how to make a dollar '' , Calandra was an effective entrepreneur ; their laboratory was contracted by the Department of Defense to evaluate irradiationally preserved food within its first year of operation .
By 1960 , IBT reported that its professional staff included 12 biologists , five chemists , a mathematician , four physicians and a veterinarian , and that it employed 16 technicians . Calandra was president and director and John H. Kay was the associate director . At that time , it listed its research areas as `` industrial toxicology , food , drugs , cosmetics , pharmacology , radioisotopes , medical , dental , and veterinary products '' .
By the early 1960s , IBT had attained a significant reputation for producing quality work at a reasonable price .
As of mid-decade , it had annual revenue estimated at nearly $ 2 million US .
1966–1970 : Nalco acquisition , expansion
Nalco Chemical acquired IBT in 1966 for an estimated $ 4.5 million . Utilizing the company 's new financial prowess , Calandra oversaw considerable expansion of the company and constructed two new facilities . IBT began conducting tests on polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs ) in 1969 . In 1970 , Calandra began construction of a large $ 2 million laboratory and made two executive appointments : Moreno Keplinger as Manager of Toxicology and James Plank as Group Lead of Rat Toxicology .
1971–1976 : Eminence
In March 1971 , IBT hired Paul L. Wright , one of Monsanto 's toxicologists , to oversee its PCB testing . Donovan E. Gordon joined IBT as a pathologist in August 1971 , and IBT finalized its safety analysis of PCBs in November 1971 .
Irregularities in IBT 's data were discovered in April 1976 by Adrian Gross , an investigator at the Food and Drug Administration , whose aide retrieved one of the laboratory 's naproxen studies that had been conducted for Syntex , a pharmaceutical company recently outed by a whistleblower . Gross examined the study further ; it struck them as being unrealistic and piqued their interest . The FDA proceeded to probe IBT , and Gross personally inspected its facilities on April 11 and July 12 , 1976 . During Gross ' physical inspection of the laboratory , they gained access to the study 's raw safety data and found frequent references to an unknown acronym , `` TBD/TDA , '' which they said perplexed them until learning that it denoted a testing animal whose body had `` too badly decomposed . ''
1977–1983 : Investigation , indictment , notoriety
Revelations of suspected scientific misconduct would go on to be presented in March 1977 at Senate Subcommittee on Health and Scientific Research hearings held by U.S . Senator Ted Kennedy ( D-MA ) , in which the integrity of safety data produced by IBT , as well as G. D. Searle & Company and Biometric Testing , Inc. , was publicly called into question by FDA officials . Calandra vacated their role as president of the laboratory on March 25 and was succeeded by A. J. Frisque , who had previously worked as a research executive at Nalco . Plank parted ways with IBT in April , and Philip Smith , who would later testify against the laboratory , was `` fired and given 20 minutes to clean out their office '' in approximately June 1977 . That same month , on June 2 , IBT would also shred more of its internal documents , an action which Frisque characterized in a subsequent official statement as being `` entirely inadvertent . ''
IBT was criminally implicated in 1977 for producing fraudulent studies on widely used household and industrial products , including Nemacur , Sencor , Naprosyn , and trichlorocarbanilide . The magnitude of IBT 's scientific misconduct was considered to have been extensive : 618 of 867 ( 71 % ) of studies audited by the FDA were invalidated for having `` numerous discrepancies between the study conduct and data . '' Consequently , IBT would later be described as being `` at the center of one of the most far-reaching scandals in modern science , as thousands of its studies were revealed through EPA and FDA investigations to be fraudulent or grossly inadequate . ''
Although the criminal case against IBT and its employees was proceeding , information about which chemicals were `` suspect '' because of IBT 's misconduct was kept confidential by the Canadian and American government agencies responsible to regulating them .
In early 1980 the Regina Leader-Post obtained a Canadian government agency list of 106 chemicals about which there were concerns . The Regina Leader-Post also obtained a letter written Jan. 25 , 1980 by R.O . Read , who was Chief of the Division of Additives and Pesticides
in the Bureau of Chemical Safety Health Protection , a Branch of Canada 's Health and Welfare Department , to , that said : `` All long-term rodent studies and multigenerational reproductive studies performed by IBT are considered invalid , '' and noted that the Canadian government had sent letters to a number of chemical companies pointing out that many had `` failed to submit the information required by the Environmental Protection Agency and the Canadian health protection branch . '' Documentation obtained from a variety of Canadian and American sources by the Regina Leader-Post included sloppy or inadequate record keeping that invalidated test results . In a number of cases , sick test animals were replaced with healthy ones , resulting in invalid test results .
In October 1983 , three former officials of the company were convicted by a US federal jury of fabricating key product safety tests used to gain government approval for marketing two popular pesticides and two commonly used drugs . They were convicted after one of the longest criminal trials in US history , involving six months of testimony and nearly eleven days of jury deliberation . At the time it was regarded as `` the most massive scientific scandal in the history of this country and perhaps the world . '' The decision was subsequently appealed and upheld in the United States of America v. Moreno L. Keplinger , Paul L. Wright , and James B. Plank .
Federal trial
Following the 1981 grand jury indictment of several key IBT officials , a federal trial began on April 4 , 1983 to evaluate whether IBT had in fact committed scientific fraud .
According to a May 13 article in The Wall Street Journal , `` investigators charged that three big chemical companies— [ Monsanto , Olin Corporation , and FMC Corporation ] —knowingly submitted flawed data to the EPA in support of a widely used swimming pool chlorinator that was suspected of causing kidney and bladder problems . '' All three companies denied allegations of wrongdoing and reaffirmed the safety of their products .
On May 25 , Cornelius Garrett testified that `` [ no ] research animals survived the entire testing period '' for either Sencor or Nemacure .
Garrett also testified that Smith instructed them to falsify subject data , which they said was a `` common practice '' .
Smith testified that they were themselves instructed by Wright to similarly falsify data on trichlorocarbanilide tests .
Calandra requested a mistrial to have cardiac surgery and received approval on July 11 . Keplinger , Plank and Wright resultingly argued that they should also receive a mistrial because their absence would undermine their case , but their request was denied on July 12 .
Testimony included that of an attorney retained by Nalco to defend IBT , Merrill Thompson , who refused to participate during earlier investigations of the laboratory . `` As I got into it and worked on these things more , and found out more , and worked with IBT people more , and looked at the evidence of other practices in the industry , I decided I could n't defend IBT 's practices , '' Thompson testified . Testimony drew to a close on September 22 .
Closing arguments concluded on October 4 and juror deliberation ensued . The case was decided by John Albert Nordberg on October 21 , 1983 .
Aftermath
The United States Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) announced on July 11 , 1983 that 34 pesticides would be pulled from the market unless manufacturers provided additional safety data within 90 days , although an indefinite exception was made for those who committed to do so at a later time . Environmental organizations characterized the EPA 's response as insufficient and negligent , expressing a desire for more decisive action . In September 1983 , the agency revealed that it was still a `` long way from solving problems associated with the integrity of hundreds of studies produced by IBT and other large independent laboratories . '' Keith Schneider reported in the Winter 1983 edition of Amicus Journal that `` IBT performed over 2,000 key product safety tests approved by federal scientists to market 212 agricultural pesticides . After a seven-year review of its files , in 1983 the EPA reported that it had determined that only 16 percent of IBT 's testing results were valid . Just a handful of the invalid studies have been replaced , the agency said , and most of the pesticides continue to be sprayed on fields and forests . '' Good Laboratory Practice regulation in the United States resulted from the episode .
The Law Reform Commission of Canada noted in a 1987 report that Canadian agriculture 's increasing dependence on pesticides had led to inaction against many of those approved on the basis of IBT 's research data . Agriculture Canada banned use of Reglone until further safety testing could be conducted and evaluated by Health and Welfare Canada , though application of the chemical continued illegally on a significant majority of lentils produced . Chlorbromuron , cyprazine , dinitramine , and phosphamidon were also banned `` because their manufacturers did not promise replacement studies , '' with Allidochlor and Captan being restricted .
Clientele
According to various reports , IBT 's clientele included a wide variety of companies such as 3M , American Cyanamid , American Seed , Avitrol Corp , BFC , Black Leaf Chemical , Buckman , Casoron , Chemagro , Chevron , Ciba‑Geigy , Conrel , Diamond Shamrock , Dow Corning , DuPont , FMC , Glyco , Gulf , MGK , Mobay , Mobil , Monsanto , Montedison , Nissan , Noram , Olin , Penwalt , Procter & Gamble , PPG , Sandoz , Shell , Thompson-Hayward , Uniroyal , Upjohn , US Borax , Velsicol Chemical Company , Vertac Chemical Corporation , and Zoecon , as well as the United States Army , the Department of Defense , the Environmental Protection Agency , the Food and Drug Administration , the National Cancer Institute , and the World Health Organization .
Associated substances
Polychlorinated biphenyls
Eric Francis and Marie-Monique Robin have cited IBT 's research into the safety of polychlorinated biphenyl , which was not investigated , as also being potentially fraudulent .
Philip Smith later testified on October 28 , 1991 , during a court case against Monsanto , that they had observed PCB data falsification during their employment as an assistant toxicologist at IBT .
The Ecologist claimed in a 2007 article that IBT had provided expert testimony against Douglas Gowan during a court case in which Monsanto allegedly sought to discredit and silence them over the wanton disposal of PCBs and other toxic waste at Brofiscin Quarry .
Other
In April , 1980 the Regina Leader-Post obtained and published a Canadian government list of more than 97 chemicals tested by IBT for which studies were considered `` suspect '' . In June , 1980 an additional nine chemicals were added .
According to Fagin and Lavelle in Toxic Deception , Wright tampered with safety data for Machete and monosodium cyanurate , both Monsanto products . IBT performed safety tests on Dinoseb , which was later discovered to cause birth defects and then pulled from the U.S. market in 1986 . IBT also originally evaluated the safety of atrazine , a herbicide now thought to be an endocrine disruptor , suspected carcinogen , and possible teratogen .
See also
Contract research organization
Craven Laboratories
Good Laboratory Practice
Pesticide regulation in the United States
List of scientific misconduct incidents
References
Further reading
Contract research organizations
Defunct companies based in Illinois
Companies based in Northbrook , Illinois
Scientific misconduct incidents
Reginald Clifford Kell ( 8 June 19065 August 1981 ) was an English clarinettist . They were noted especially for their career as a soloist and chamber music player . They were the principal clarinettist in leading British orchestras , including the London Philharmonic , Philharmonia , and Royal Philharmonic , and was also active as a solo recording artist .
Kell was influential as one of the first clarinettists to employ continuous vibrato to enhance the expressive quality of the instrument . They were also a noted teacher , serving two different appointments at their alma mater , the Royal Academy of Music in London . In 1948 Kell moved to the United States where they pursued a solo career and taught , with pupils including the jazz clarinettist Benny Goodman .
Career
Early years
Born in York , England , Kell was awarded a scholarship to the Royal Academy of Music in London in 1929 , where they studied with Haydn Draper until 1932 . While still a student they were engaged as principal clarinettist of the orchestra of the Royal Philharmonic Society . After graduation they were Sir Thomas Beecham 's choice as first clarinet for the London Philharmonic when the orchestra was formed in 1932 . They left the LPO in 1936 and was succeeded as first clarinet by Bernard Walton . Kell was Arturo Toscanini 's principal clarinettist in the Lucerne Festival Orchestra in 1939 , and was invited , but declined , to take the same position in Toscanini 's NBC Symphony Orchestra .
In addition to their orchestral work Kell taught at the Royal Academy between 1935 and 1939 , and played in chamber music . Their solo repertoire extended from Corelli and earlier to twentieth century works . They were the first prominent clarinettist to apply vibrato consciously and consistently to their tone , in which respect they modelled themselves on the oboist Léon Goossens . ( Kell 's contemporary Jack Brymer was another pioneer of vibrato on the clarinet , but came to prominence later than Kell . ) Inspired by the great singers with whom they came in contact , notably Kirsten Flagstad , Kell sought to emulate their warm expressive sounds on the clarinet .
During the Second World War Kell was principal clarinettist of the Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra , at a time when its members included many of the country 's leading players . When Walter Legge founded the Philharmonia Orchestra in 1945 Kell became its principal clarinettist . At its first concert , conducted by Beecham , Kell was the soloist in Mozart 's Clarinet Concerto . The following year Beecham founded the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and as the Philharmonia in its early days played few concerts , working mostly in the recording studio , Kell was able to serve as principal in both orchestras , as did the horn player Dennis Brain . In 1948 Kell gave up both positions ; they were succeeded at the Philharmonia by Walton , and at the Royal Philharmonic by Brymer .
Later years
Kell moved to the United States in 1948 , making a successful concert and recording career . They were also a noted teacher , their best-known pupil being Benny Goodman , who approached them for lessons in 1948–49 . Kell initially refused , considering that any necessary changes would initially have an adverse effect on Goodman 's playing before improving it ; they did not want the American public to view them as `` the man who ruined our Benny Goodman . '' Goodman persisted and Kell accepted them as a student in 1952 and taught them until their return to England . Kell 's other pupils included the soloist and conductor Alan Hacker , and Peanuts Hucko . From 1951 to 1957 , Kell was trustee and professor at the Aspen Music School in Colorado .
Kell returned to England in 1958 , taking up an appointment at the Royal Academy of Music . Among their pupils was Harrison Birtwistle . Kell retired from playing in their early fifties , and returned to the US in 1959 , where they were director of Boosey & Hawkes 's band instrument division from 1959 to 1966 . They retired in 1966 and died in Frankfort , Kentucky , in 1981 .
In 2007 , the Deutsche Grammophon label issued a multi-CD box set of all of Kell 's recordings for the American Decca company ( CD set 477 5280 ) .
Discography
As a conductor Kell directed recordings of the two Mozart wind serenades , in C minor , K.388 and E major ( 1951 , Decca DL 9540 ) , with the `` Kell Chamber Players '' . The following table lists some of their recordings as a soloist .
Notes
References
1906 births
1981 deaths
Aspen Music Festival and School faculty
British clarinetists
British classical clarinetists
London Symphony Orchestra players
20th-century classical musicians
20th-century British musicians
D. Devaraj Urs Road is the most prominent shopping street of Mysore city in Karnataka state , India . This street is also the center of the downtown or the Central business district area in the city . In post office parlance , Devaraj Urs road is known as Mysore One .
History
This street was named after Devaraj Urs , the former Chief Minister of Karnataka . They were a popular chief minister and a reformist . This area was formerly called Devaraja Mohalla and a weekly market was regularly conducted here . The location of the market became the present Devaraja Market .
Location
Devaraj Urs road is about one mile in length . There are many parallel roads to Devaraj Urs Road and a total of two kilometer square area makes up the downtown of Mysore city . The street has an east–west orientation . K.R.Circle comes in the northwest corner of the Mysore palace and Devaraj Urs Road starts here . JLB Road joins the Devaraj Urs road near the Maharani 's College .
Nature of business
Most of the shops in the Devaraj Urs Road are those selling clothes and ornaments . There are also branches of leading banks here . Restaurants are not many but a few of them are available in the parallel roads . Parking is allowed on one side of the road and the entire street is one way . There is only one coffee shop but the smell of coffee permeates the atmosphere because there are many shops selling fresh coffee powder . All buildings on this road has a similar façade .
Modern period
In the modern period , Mysore has seen the experiment of opening many shopping malls in different parts of the city . But the footfall on Devaraj Market still continues to be the highest in the city for a number of reasons . One is the proximity to the city bus station and the other is access to the railway station which is only one kilometer from here .
Timings
Unlike in the west , shops in Mysore open late and close early . Most shops close by nine in the evening some stretching up to 10 pm .
See also
Dewan 's Road , Mysore
Dufferin Clock Tower
Mandi Mohalla
St. Philomena 's Cathedral , Mysore
Gallery
References
Top things to do at Devraj Urs Road
Suburbs of Mysore
Economy of Mysore
Mysore North
Roads in Mysore
The Federal Prison Camp , Bryan ( FPC Bryan ) is a minimum-security United States federal prison for female inmates in Texas . It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons , a division of the United States Department of Justice .
FPC Bryan is located 95 miles northwest of Houston .
Facility and inmate life
After the American track star Marion Jones was sentenced to federal prison in 2008 , an article was published on BleacherReport.com , a sports website owned by CNN , which named FPC Bryan as one of the prisons Jones might possibly be sent to and detailing life there . The article cited accounts of FPC Bryan provided on Prisontalk.com , a portal used by a large number of women who have been in federal prisons .
There are between 800 and 1,100 women at FPC Bryan at any given time . Of these 1,100 women only about 200 have a GED or high school diploma , and of those 200 only half have education above high school . The average age is about 32 .
Notable Inmates ( current and former )
See also
List of U.S. federal prisons
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Incarceration in the United States
References
Buildings and structures in Brazos County , Texas
Bryan
Bryan
Bryan , Texas
Peter of Portugal ( Portuguese : Pedro ) is the name of several Portuguese kings and infantes :
Kings :
Peter I of Portugal ( 1320–1367 )
Peter II of Portugal ( 1648–1706 )
Peter III of Portugal ( 1717–1786 ) , King Consort of Portugal on the succession of their wife and niece Queen Mary I of Portugal
Peter IV of Portugal ( 1798–1834 ) , also Peter I , Emperor of Brazil
Peter V of Portugal ( 1837–1861 )
Infantes :
Infante Pedro , Count of Urgell ( 1187–1258 ) , son of Sancho I of Portugal and Dulce of Aragon
Infante Pedro of Portugal ( 1370–1370 ) , son of Ferdinand I of Portugal and Leonor Telles de Menezes
Infante Pedro , Duke of Coimbra ( 1392–1449 ) , son of John I of Portugal and Philippa of Lancaster
Peter V of Aragon , Infante Pedro , titular King of Aragon ( 1429–1466 ) , son of Infante Pedro , Duke of Coimbra , and Isabella of Urgell
Pedro , Prince of Brazil ( 1712–1714 ) , son of John V of Portugal and Mary Anne of Austria
Dom Pedro II of Brazil ( Peter II ; 1825–1891 ) , Emperor of Brazil following their father Pedro IV ( Peter IV ) of Portugal ( I of Brazil ) . They were never an infante of Portugal for having been born after Brazil 's independence
The Nikon AF-S DX Nikkor 35mm 1.8G is a lens manufactured by Nikon for use on Nikon DX format digital SLR cameras . It provides a field of view on a DX format camera similar to that of a normal lens on a 35mm film format camera .
Introduction
Nikon announced the lens on 9 February 2009 . It is the first prime lens released by Nikon specifically designed for Nikon DX format DSLR cameras that not only is rectilinear but also supports autofocus on the Nikon D40 , Nikon D40X , Nikon D60 , Nikon D3000 , Nikon D3100 , Nikon D3200 , Nikon D3300 , Nikon D3400 , Nikon D3500 , Nikon D5000 , Nikon D5100 , Nikon D5200 , Nikon D5300 , Nikon D5500 , Nikon D5600 and Nikon D500 . The first prime lens released for the DX format was the AF DX Fisheye-Nikkor 10.5mm 2.8G ED .
It achieved a DXOMark score of 28 .
Features
35 mm focal length ( approximately field of view equivalent to a 50 mm lens used on a 35mm format camera )
Compact silent wave autofocus motor with full-time manual override
Nikon F-lens mount for use with Nikon DX format DSLRs ( use on Nikon FX format DSLRs will cause vignetting )
Rear-focussing elements allow for a non-rotating lens front , enabling easier usage of rotating filters such as circular polarisers
Dust gasket around lens mount to reduce dust entering when lens and camera are attached
Construction
8 lens elements in 6 groups
1 hybrid aspherical element
52 mm filter thread for widely distributed 52 mm filters
Target market
The lens is intended to be an inexpensive prime lens for owners of Nikon DX format DSLR cameras . The lens was priced at 180 USD in 2020 .
See also
List of Nikon F-mount lenses with integrated autofocus motor
References
External links
Lens review at Cameralabs
Nikon AF-S Nikkor 35mm 1:1.8G DX review : Digital Photography Review
Camera lenses introduced in 2009
Nikon F-mount lenses
Holy Trinity Church is a Roman Catholic parish church in Newcastle-under-Lyme , Staffordshire , England . It was built between 1833 and 1834 , and designed by its priest , Fr James Egan in the Gothic Revival style . While it was described as `` the finest modern specimen of ornamental brickwork in the kingdom '' when it was built , Nikolaus Pevsner described it as `` a crazy effort in blue brick . '' It is a Grade II * listed building , located on London Road close to the Grosvenor Roundabout .
History
Foundation
After the Reformation , from the early 1700s the nearest place for Catholics to celebrate Mass was at Chesterton Hall , the house of the Macclesfield family . Later , in the early 1800s , Catholics went to a room in the Shakespeare Hotel , Brunswick Street , to celebrate Mass . The priest serving the local mission was Fr Louis Gerard . Around 1826 , Fr Edward Daniel replaced Fr Gerard . In 1831 , Fr James Egan took over the mission in Newcastle-under-Lyme . They had come from Ashley where they built the Chapel of Our Blessed Lady and St John the Baptist .
Construction
Fr James Egan would go on to design the church after being offered all the necessary bricks to build a permanent Catholic church by a local brick manufacturer . In 1833 , construction work started . The front of the church is made of blue vitrified Staffordshire brick . On 13 May 1834 , Bishop Thomas Walsh , the Vicar Apostolic of the Midland District opened the church . After the church 's opening , it was described as `` the finest modern specimen of ornamental brickwork in the kingdom '' ; however according to Historic England , `` two Protestant preachers held a public meeting at Newcastle to denounce the Church of Rome '' . Until 1849 , the north aisle was separate from the church , as it was the presbytery . Until 1864 , the south aisle was also separate and was a school . In 1886 , restoration work on the church was carried out and a sacristy was built .
Parish
Holy Trinity Church is in the same parish as Sacred Heart Church in Silverdale . Holy Trinity Church has two Sunday Masses at 5:15pm on Saturday and at 11:00am on Sunday . Sacred Heart Church in Silverdale has one Sunday Mass at 9:00am .
Exterior
See also
Archdiocese of Birmingham
References
External links
Newcastle-under-Lyme
Roman Catholic churches in Staffordshire
Grade II * listed Roman Catholic churches in England
Grade II * listed churches in Staffordshire
Gothic Revival church buildings in England
Gothic Revival architecture in Staffordshire
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United Kingdom
1833 establishments in England
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1834
Religious organizations established in 1833
Magnar Lundemo ( 4 March 1938 in Meråker – 7 January 1987 in Meråker ) was a Norwegian cross-country skier and track and field athlete . As a skier they participated in two Olympic Games and placed fourth at the 1962 World Championships . In the athletics they took several national titles , and recorded one nineteenth place at the 1962 European Championships . They were also a coach .
Skiing
They were national champion in cross-country skiing ( 15 kilometres ) in 1961 . They placed fourth in the same event at the Nordic World Ski Championships 1962 , and also participated in the 1960 and 1964 Winter Olympics . In 1960 they placed sixteenth in the 30 km event , while in 1964 they placed eighth in the 15 km event and fourth in the 4 × 10 km relay event . Teammates in the latter event were Erling Steineide , Einar Østby and Harald Grønningen . Lundemo later coached the Norwegian national cross-country skiing team from 1978 to 1984 .
They represented the club IL Varden in Meråker . A statue of them was erected in Meråker in 1991 . They were also decorated with the Egeberg Honorary Prize ( ) for successful sportspeople of multiple sports , in 1962 . Ole Ellefsæter , the next winner of this prize , was a skier-runner as well .
Athletics
In athletics , Lundemo won ten national titles in Norway . They won the 10,000 metres title in 1961 and 1962 , the marathon title in 1964 , the 25 kilometres road race in 1961 , 1962 , 1963 and 1964 , the 8 kilometres cross-country race in 1960 , the cross-country single start race in 1961 and 1962 . In the 10,000 metres , the 8 kilometres cross-country and the cross-country single start they also won silver and bronze medals , the last time in 1968 . They competed once in an international event , when they finished nineteenth in the 10,000 metres event at the 1962 European Championships .
Their personal best time in the 10,000 metres was 29:30.4 minutes , achieved in September 1966 at Bislett stadion . In the marathon they had 2:27:00 hours as a personal best , achieved in September 1964 in Södertälje .
Cross-country skiing results
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation ( FIS ) .
Olympic Games
World Championships
References
External links
1938 births
1987 deaths
Norwegian male cross-country skiers
Norwegian cross-country skiing coaches
National team coaches
Norwegian Olympic coaches
Olympic cross-country skiers of Norway
Cross-country skiers at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 1964 Winter Olympics
People from Meråker
Norwegian male long-distance runners
Sportspeople from Trøndelag
was a Japanese-German pianist , a revelation in their country in the late 1990s , well known in classical music both through CD recordings and public performances , in particular of piano concertos in disguise , transcriptions of known masterpieces for chamber ensemble .
Biography
They began studying piano in their native Tokyo before they were four years old , and when they were six their family moved to Germany . They studied in Essen , Detmold and Hannover . Even though born Japanese and though the Japanese culture is very well known to her , they describe themselves as European and considers Germany as their homeland .
In their training , they studied piano with Detlef Kraus ( Folkwang Hochschule ) , Friedrich Wilhelm Schnurr ( Hochschule für Musik Detmold ) and Vladimir Krainev ( Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hannover ) and graduated in 1995 with the highest honors : they achieved the highest distinction in their soloist examinations . Additional training came from international masterclasses with Nikita Magaloff , Yara Bernette , Jeremy Menuhin , Paul Badura-Skoda and Edith Picht-Axenfeld and from the Polish pedagogue Malgorzata Botor-Schreiber .
Fumiko Shiraga has performed as a solo artist and with orchestras , as well as with chamber music ensembles . They have been instrumental in the revival of the transcriptions ( for flute , violin , violoncello and piano ) , by Johann Nepomuk Hummel , of some of the Mozart piano concertos . They recorded the two Piano Concertos by Chopin in a piano and string quintet transcription ( 1997 ) and then , in 2001 and in a similar arrangement , they recorded Beethoven 's First and Second piano concertos , as well as piano music by Bruckner , including a piano arrangement of their seventh symphony .
The last twenty years they lived in Hamburg , where they died of breast cancer after a long fight against the disease in January 2017 just about four weeks after their last concert .
Awards and distinctions
Several first prizes at the Young Musician 's Competition , the special prize at the International Schubert Competition in Dortmund in 1989 ; a scholarship from the Stendal Music Foundation In 1992 , a prize ( 1993 ) at the International Chopin Competition in Göttingen , a new scholarship ( 1995 ) from Deutscher Musikrat ( German Music Council , a member of the International Music Council ) in Bonn and acceptance into the 40th National Selection of `` Concerts by Young Artists '' ( 1996 ) .
Them CD with the Mozart piano concertos 22 and 26 was selected as Editor 's Choice in January 2006 , and in the same year their last CD of the Mozart-Hummel series , with the piano concerto No . 18 and the 40th Symphony was selected as CD of the month by Piano News .
Discography
Beethoven : Piano Concertos Nos . 1 & 2 ( Chamber version )
Fumiko Shiraga - piano
Orchestra/Ensemble : The Bremen String Soloists
Bruckner : Piano Works
Fumiko Shiraga - piano
Chopin : Piano Concertos Nos . 1 and 2 , Chamber version
Fumiko Shiraga - piano
Jan-Inge Haukås - double bass
Orchestra/Ensemble : Yggdrasil Quartet
Mozart : Piano Concertos Nos . 10 and 24 ( arr . Hummel for chamber ensemble )
Fumiko Shiraga - piano
Henrik Wiese - flute
Peter Clemente - violin
Tibor Bényi - cello
Mozart : Piano Concertos Nos . 20 and 25 ( arr . Hummel for chamber ensemble )
Fumiko Shiraga - piano
Henrik Wiese - flute
Peter Clemente - violin
Tibor Bényi - cello
Mozart : Piano Concerto No . 18 / Symphony No . 40 ( arr . Hummel for chamber ensemble )
Fumiko Shiraga - piano
Henrik Wiese - flute
Peter Clemente - violin
Tibor Bényi - cello
Mozart : Piano Concertos Nos . 26 and 22 ( arr . Hummel for chamber ensemble )
Fumiko Shiraga - piano
Henrik Wiese - flute
Peter Clemente - violin
Tibor Bényi - cello
References
External links
Official website
1967 births
2017 deaths
Musicians from Tokyo
Japanese classical pianists
Japanese women pianists
Women classical pianists
German classical pianists
German women pianists
German people of Japanese descent
Japanese emigrants to Germany
Naturalized citizens of Germany
Hochschule für Musik , Theater und Medien Hannover alumni
Deaths from cancer in Germany
Deaths from breast cancer
Places
Helmsley , town in England , United Kingdom
Helmsley Castle , medieval structure
The Helmsley Building in New York City , New York , United States
People
Harry Helmsley ( 1909–1997 ) , New York real estate investor
Leona Helmsley ( 1920–2007 ) , hotel operator and wife of Harry Helmsley
Hunter Hearst Helmsley , stage name for professional wrestler Paul Levesque ( born 1969 ) , better known as Triple H
Other
Helmsley , the hymn tune for Lo ! They come with clouds descending
See also
Hemsley , surname
Radical 66 or radical rap ( ) meaning `` '' is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals ( 214 radicals in total ) composed of 4 strokes . It is also used to represent a folding chair .
In the Kangxi Dictionary , there are 296 characters ( out of 49,030 ) to be found under this radical .
is also the 74th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China , with being its associated indexing component .
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+6534
066
074
Spiez Castle ( ) is a castle in the municipality of Spiez of the Swiss canton of Bern . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
History
According to Elogius Kiburger , the author of the Strättliger Chronicle , in 933 the King of Burgundy , Rudolph II , built the castle . Shortly thereafter , the Freiherr von Strättligen settled in the castle . Portions of the current castle curtain walls and main tower were built during the 12th century and by the 13th century , the town of Spiez existed outside the castle walls . By 1280 the castle was listed as an Imperial fief under Vogt Richard de Corbières . In 1289 the Freiherr von Strättligen was co-owner of the castle along with a succession of other noble families . In 1308 King Albert I of Habsburg was murdered at Windisch on the Reuss , by their nephew Duke John Parricida . As part of their retaliation for the murder , the Habsburgs withdrew half of the Spiez fief from Thüring von Brandis and granted the whole fief to Johannes von Strättligen . Thirty years later , in 1338 , Johannes sold the castle , town , church , and surrounding villages to Johann II von Bubenberg who was the Schultheiss of Bern . By 1340 , the Bubenberg-appointed vogt took orders from Bern but was obligated to raise troops for the Habsburgs . As Bern was de facto independent from their former overlords , the Habsburgs , this created an unstable situation that remained for over 40 years . After the Bernese and Swiss Confederation victory over the Habsburgs in the Battle of Sempach in 1386 , the Habsburgs gave up their land claims west of the Aare , which included Spiez .
The castle and surrounding land remained with the Bubenberg family until their extinction in 1506 when it was acquired by Ludwig von Diesbach . Von Diesbach held it for ten years before Ludwig von Erlach acquired the castle and lands . The von Erlach family ruled the town and villages until the 1798 French invasion . After the invasion and the creation of the Helvetic Republic , the von Erlach family lost their land rights and jurisdiction over the village but retained ownership of the castle until 1875 .
The old castle was expanded in several stages during the Late Middle Ages but little is known about the specific dates or what was changed . In 1600 the great hall and the northern buildings were expanded and renovated . During the 17th and 18th centuries the south `` New Castle '' was built and then expanded and redecorated in the late Baroque style . The castle was surrounded by gardens , vineyards , and forests . After 1875 , the castle passed through several owners until a foundation bought the castle and associated church . The gardens are now open to the public and the castle rooms are used for conferences , concerts , exhibitions , and other events .
Construction
The massive square keep was built around 1200 . The lower walls are about thick though they become thinner higher up . At the bottom it is . The tower increased in height several times over the following centuries before the final construction phase in 1600 . In this final phase the tower was raised and crowned with hipped roof that brought its total height to .
The keep was originally surrounded by several free-standing wooden buildings . Over the following centuries , these buildings were replaced with a stone curtain wall and a ring of two concentric ditches . A gatehouse was built adjacent to the keep , which opened toward the west .
Around 1300 a residence wing was added north of the keep . It was probably lower at that time than it is today and was connected to the keep by a wooden gallery . During the second half of the 13th century , several tournaments must have been held around the castle because the visiting knights carved graffiti into the plaster of the main chimney . In the 14th century an additional north wing was added onto the residence wing .
From the 15th to the 18th century , the castle was gradually renovated to its present appearance . The gallery was expanded , and another story was added to the residence hall . The Trüel was added to the northwest side of the keep in the 16th century . Then , in the 17th and 18th centuries , the Baroque `` New Castle '' was built on the south side of the gatehouse .
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Website of Spiez Castle
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Spiez
Knights of Pen & Paper 2 is a role-playing video game developed by Kyy Games and published by Paradox Interactive . It was released on May 13 , 2015 , for iOS and Android , and on October 20 , 2015 , for Windows , Mac OS X and Linux through the download service Steam . Versions for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One were released on May 30 , 2018 , while a Nintendo Switch version was released on December 13 , 2018 . It is a sequel to Knights of Pen & Paper .
The game received mixed reviews from critics , who praised the art and overall improvements to the gameplay and story , but criticized it for being overly similar to the first game in the series , using the same music , and being shorter and easier than that entry .
Gameplay
The gameplay of Knights of Pen & Paper 2 is similar to the first game in the series . It is a turn-based RPG in which the player controls a group of role-playing game players during a Dungeons & Dragons-style game session , as well as their Dungeon Master . The gameplay was streamlined from the first game , requiring less grinding , but is also less difficult overall .
Development
The studio Kyy Games took over from the original developers , Behold Studios , due to the latter being too busy developing Chroma Squad .
Reception
Knights of Pen & Paper 2 received mixed reception , with an aggregate score of 71/100 on Metacritic .
Sam Watcher of RPGamer rated the game 3.5/5 , calling it more accessible than the original , with improved gameplay , and praising the 16-bit style graphics . They criticized the amount that was recycled from the first game .
Shaun Musgrave of TouchArcade also rated the game 3.5/5 , saying that the game `` feels less complete than its predecessor '' , and criticizing it for being shorter and easier , despite complementing its improved presentation and better spelling and grammar in story sections .
The game 's PC version received a slightly lower aggregate score of 67/100 on Metacritic .
References
2015 video games
Android ( operating system ) games
Digital tabletop role-playing games
Indie video games
IOS games
Linux games
MacOS games
Video games developed in Finland
Windows games
Paradox Interactive games
Single-player video games
The Cabinet Secretary for Social Security and Older People was a position in the Scottish Government Cabinet . The Cabinet Secretary had overall responsibility for social security , equality and human rights . The Cabinet Secretary was assisted by a junior Minister , the Minister for Older People and Equalities .
At the start of the third Sturgeon government the post was combined with that of Communities and Local Government in a new position of Cabinet Secretary for Social Justice , Housing and Local Government .
Overview
Responsibilities
The responsibilities of the Cabinet Secretary for Social Security and Older People included :
Devolved welfare policy
Devolved social security
Measures against poverty ( with CSCLG )
Best Start Grant
Best Start Foods
Funeral Support Payment
Job Start Payment
Carers Allowance Supplement
Carer 's Assistance
Young Carers Grant
Disability Assistance
Employment Injury Assistance
Cold Spell Heating Assistance
Winter Heating Assistance
Scottish Child Payment
Equalities
The protection and development of social and human rights
Elderly people
Cross Government co-ordination of policies in support of women and gender equality
Public bodies
The following public bodies reported to the Cabinet Secretary for Social Security and Older People :
Social Security Scotland
History
The position was first created as a junior ministerial role , the Minister for Social Security in May 2016 , to reflect the increased powers of the Scottish Government over Social Security as a result of the Scotland Act 2016 . The Minister for Social Security did not attend cabinet meetings , instead being represented by the Cabinet Secretary for Communities , Social Security and Equalities , Angela Constance MSP . In June 2018 the position was raised to Cabinet Secretary level . The position was abolished at the start of the third Sturgeon government with responsibility for social security again being combined with the communities brief in a new position of Cabinet Secretary for Social Justice , Housing and Local Government .
List of office holders
References
External links
Cabinet Secretary for Social Security and Older People on the Scottish Government website
Scottish Parliament
Former Ministerial posts of the Scottish Government
Velashjerd or Valashjerd or Valashejerd ( ) may refer to :
Valashejerd , Razan , Hamadan Province
Velashjerd , Tuyserkan , Hamadan Province
Velashjerd , Markazi
See also
Valazjerd ( disambiguation )
The Pangasinan Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan ( provincial legislature ) of the Philippine province of Pangasinan .
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting : the province is divided into six districts , each having two seats . A voter votes up to five names , with the top five candidates per district being elected . The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer , and only votes to break ties . The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide .
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Pangasinan .
Aside from the regular members , the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay ( ABC , from its old name `` Association of Barangay Captains '' ) , the Sangguniang Kabataan ( SK , youth councils ) and the Philippine Councilors League ( PCL ) .
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections :
Vice Governor : Mark Lambino ( NPC )
References
Politics of Pangasinan
Provincial boards in the Philippines
James Fairbairn ( born 1872 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Middlesbrough Ironopolis and Grimsby Town .
References
1872 births
Year of death missing
Sportspeople from Stockton-on-Tees
Footballers from County Durham
English footballers
Association football forwards
Stockton F.C . players
Middlesbrough Ironopolis F.C . players
Grimsby Town F.C . players
English Football League players
The Estonian Foreign Intelligence Service ( EFIS ; , VLA ) is the foreign intelligence service of the Republic of Estonia . The Foreign Intelligence Service coordinates with all Estonian intelligence functions , collects intelligence concerning foreign interests and activities , and transmits information to the President , Prime Minister , the General Staff of the Estonian Defence Forces , the Interior Minister , the Foreign Minister , and the Minister of Defence . the Director General of the Foreign Intelligence Service is .
History
Estonian Foreign Intelligence Service was first formed in 1992 as Intelligence Service ( Eesti Vabariigi Riigikantselei Teabeteenistus ) . In 2001 service was reformed under the Security Authorities Act as Estonian Information Board ( Teabeamet ) . On July 1 , 2017 , it was renamed again as Estonian Foreign Intelligence Service .
Mission
The stated mission of the Foreign Intelligence Service is to ensure Estonia 's national security and to maintain constitutional order through non-military preventative measures . The Foreign Intelligence Service collects intelligence concerning foreign countries , developments and events abroad needed for the formulation of foreign , economic , and defence policy ; performs counterintelligence functions for the protection of Estonian diplomatic missions and defence units stationed abroad ; organizes and monitors the implementing of measures adopted for the security of electronically transmitted information ; and organizes and verifies information security and special communications services .
Hierarchy
The Foreign Intelligence Service is directly subordinate to Estonia 's Ministry of Defence . The Republic of Estonia has not identified any subordinate agencies to or divisions within the Foreign Intelligence Service , however the agency closely coordinates with the Estonian Internal Security Service , Estonian Defence Forces , the Estonian Security Police Board , all other local government agencies , foreign security agencies , international organizations , and individuals of interest on matters concerning external intelligence and counterintelligence .
Oversight
On 4 April 2015 , The Security Authorities Surveillance Select Committee of the Riigikogu was formed under § 36 of the Security Authorities Act to verify the lawfulness of the activity and surveillance activities of the Internal Security Service and the Foreign Intelligence Service . The Committee is responsible for overseeing the activities of the Foreign Intelligence Service to ensure compliance with the Estonian Code of Criminal Procedure , as well as with the procedure for registration and disclosure of persons who have served in or co-operated with security organizations or intelligence or counterintelligence organizations of armed forces of states which have occupied Estonia .
The current members of the Security Authorities Surveillance Select Committee are Krista Aru , Uno Kaskpeit , Martin Kukk , Erki Savisaar , Ken-Marti Vaher and Hardi Volmer .
Activities
In September 2014 , data leaks from the customer support database of Gamma Group , the producer of one of the world 's most powerful surveillance software systems , showed that the software was being used in Estonia , most likely by the Foreign Intelligence Service and other intelligence agencies .
In April 2015 , the Foreign Intelligence Service issued Estonia 's Ministers specially encrypted iPhones after revelations that calls between Former Foreign Minister Urmas Paet and the then European Union Foreign Affairs and Security Policy High Representative Catherine Ashton were recorded and uploaded to YouTube .
On 15 February 2022 , an annual report by the Service included criticism of Chinese vaccine diplomacy as `` underhanded '' and accused China of threateningly responding to Estonians and Estonian organizations critical of its policies . In response , the Chinese Embassy in Tallinn accused the Service of `` spreading false information . ''
On 16 February 2022 , Director General Marran stated that the extended presence of Russian soldiers in Belarus surrounding Ukraine would `` reduce preparation time for an attack against the Baltics . ''
2014 corruption probe
In May 2014 , the Estonian Internal Security Service opened a criminal investigation into accusations of embezzlement and revealing state secrets by five members of the Foreign Intelligence Service , Sergei Bõstrov , Pavel Kotkin , Ines Piibeleht , Sven Randlane and Lauri Vihula . Few details concerning the case were revealed , however it was revealed that all five members served in the same unit , led by Sergei Bõstrov . The funds in question , which were allocated for the purchase of information , were taken during the period of 2002–2014 and the state secrets revealed were deemed as having been `` revealed to third parties who had no need for classified state information , '' however did not threaten Estonia 's national security .
All were found guilty of embezzling a combined total of more than 600,000 euros , four of the five were also found guilty of revealing state secrets , and Sergei Bõstrov was found guilty of handling a small amount of cocaine . Bõstrov was given a four-year , six-month prison sentence , Kotkin spent 11 months in jail with a three-year suspended sentence , Randlane and Piibeleht were both imprisoned for a little over six months with a longer suspended sentence , and Vihula escaped incarceration but served a two-year , seven-month suspended sentence .
References
Estonian intelligence agencies
The second of two 1912 municipal elections was held December 9 , 1912 to elect a mayor and five aldermen to sit on Edmonton City Council and three trustees to sit on each of the public and separate school boards .
There were , at the time , ten aldermen on city council , but five of them were already filled . Henry Douglas , John Tipton , John Lundy , and Thomas J. Walsh had been elected to two-year terms earlier in the year and were still in office . Charles Gowan had also been elected to a two-year term , but had resigned May 14 and had been replaced in a by-election by Alexander Livingstone , who was also still in office .
There were continuing members of both boards of trustees as well : Samuel Barnes , Frank Crang , B H Nichols , and Walter Ramsey were in the midst of two-year terms on the public board , while John Cashman , James Collisson , and Joseph Henri Picard were still in office on the public board .
The election of three trustees to the separate system brought the total number of separate trustees to six , where it had previously been five .
Voter turnout
There were 6060 ballots cast out of 17000 eligible voters , for a voter turnout of 35.6 % .
Results
bold indicates elected
italics indicate incumbent
South Side indicates representative for Edmonton 's South Side , with a minimum South Side representation instituted after the city of Strathcona , south of the North Saskatchewan River , amalgamated into Edmonton on February 1 , 1912 .
Mayor
William Short - 3732
W J Magrath - 1220
Joseph Clarke - 1111
Aldermen
Aldermanic election was conducted using Plurality block voting . Each voter could cast up to five votes .
Most popular southside candidate was guaranteed election .
Elected
Harry Smith - 3369
James East - 2662 ( re-elected )
Joseph Driscoll - 2437
Gustave May - 2128 ( re-elected )
Hugh Calder - 1162 ( South Side )
not elected
James Macfie MacDonald - 1475
Alex Stuart - 1306
Charles Gowan - 1223
Samuel Williamson - 1120
C B Beats - 958
William Vogel - 881
F M McQueen - 714
William Campbell McArthur - 668
F Sillitoe , of the Bricklayers ' Union - 562
E S McQuaid - 560
William Murray - 466
John Hoyle - 303
Public school trustees
Kenneth W. MacKenzie - 2,413
Alex Butchart - 2390
John Park - 2053
J G McKenzie - 1930 ( South Side )
J M Clindinin - 1591
Herbert Crawford - 1563
D McLeod - 813
Separate ( Catholic ) school trustees
Wilfrid Gariépy , M J O'Farrell , and Milton Martin were acclaimed .
Notes
References
Election History , City of Edmonton : Elections and Census Office
1912-12
1912 elections in Canada
1912 in Alberta
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tsuya Tsuya . It was serialized in Nihon Bungeisha 's Manga Goraku Special magazine from February 2019 to December 2020 .
Publication
Written and illustrated by , Shiori 's Diary was serialized in Nihon Bungeisha 's magazine from February 15 , 2019 , to December 15 , 2020 . Nihon Bungeisha collected its chapters in three tankōbon volumes , released from November 9 , 2019 , to January 29 , 2021 .
In North America , the manga was licensed for English release by Seven Seas Entertainment and released under its Ghost Ship mature imprint . The first volume was released on August 17 , 2021 .
Volume list
See also
Mikazuki ga Waratteru , another manga series by the same author
Rakujitsu no Pathos , another manga series by the same author
Futari no Ouchi , another manga series by the same author
References
Erotic romance anime and manga
Nihon Bungeisha manga
Seinen manga
Seven Seas Entertainment titles
is a Japanese actor . They have appeared in the musical Bleach .
Musical
Bleach Jump festa as Rukia Kuchiki
Rock Musical BLEACH ( 2005 ) as Rukia Kuchiki
Rock Musical BLEACH Saien ( 2006 ) as Rukia Kuchiki
Rock Musical BLEACH The Dark of the Bleeding Moon ( 2006 ) as Rukia Kuchiki
Rock Musical BLEACH Live Bankai Show Code 001 ( 2007 ) as Rukia Kuchiki
Rock Musical BLEACH No Clouds in Blue Heavens ( 2007 ) as Rukia Kuchiki
Rock Musical BLEACH THE ( 2008 ) as Rukia Kuchiki
Rock Musical BLEACH Live Bankai Show Code 002 ( 2008 ) as Rukia Kuchiki
Rock Musical BLEACH Live Bankai Show Code 003 ( 2010 ) as Rukia Kuchiki
Shinsei Rock Musical BLEACH 10th Anniversary Memorial Tour ( 2011 ) as Rukia Kuchiki
Shinsei Rock Musical BLEACH REprise ( 2012 ) as Rukia Kuchiki
References
1980 births
Living people
Japanese actores
The striated wren-babbler ( Ptilocichla mindanensis ) is a species of passerine bird in the family Pellorneidae . It is endemic to the Philippines . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
References
Further reading
Collar , N. J . & Robson , C. 2007 . Family Timaliidae ( Babblers ) pp . 70 – 291 in ; del Hoyo , J. , Elliott , A . & Christie , D.A . eds . Handbook of the Birds of the World , Vol . 12 . Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees . Lynx Edicions , Barcelona .
striated wren-babbler
Endemic birds of the Philippines
striated wren-babbler
striated wren-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The qilaut ( Inuit : `` that by means of which the spirits are called up '' , syllabic : ᕿᓚᐅᑦ ) or qilaat ( Greenlandic ) is a type of frame drum native to the Inuit cultures of the Arctic .
The drum is distinctive in that it has a handle and is made of caribou skin , which is not particularly resonant , giving it a dull , rumbling sound . It is beaten with a stick , the qatuk .
References
Membranophones
Inuit musical instruments
North American percussion instruments
Canadian musical instruments
Ian Curtis Young ( born September 27 , 1981 ) is an American-Trinidadian professional basketball player . Standing at 6 ft 3 in ( 1.91 m ) , Young primarily plays as point guard . Young played 13 professional years overseas in various countries . Before turning professional , Ian was an All-SEC point guard at Auburn University and a 2-Time Junior College All-American at Des Moines Area CC ( DMACC ) .
International career
They represented Trinidad and Tobago 's national basketball team at the 2010 Centrobasket in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic , where they recorded most points and assists for their team .
In the 2009 CBC Trinidad finished in fourth place with a 3–1 record led by Ian Young who averaged 18.6 PPG and 8.0 APG .
They signed with the Brujos de Guayama of the Baloncesto Superior Nacional appearing in two games .
References
External links
ESPN profile
NBA D-League profile
1981 births
Living people
Auburn Tigers men 's basketball players
HKK Široki players
Junior college men 's basketball players in the United States
KTP-Basket players
Associação Macaé de Basquete players
Point guards
Ratiopharm Ulm players
Trinidad and Tobago men 's basketball players
Gaiteros del Zulia players
Kyle McCord is an American football quarterback for the Ohio State Buckeyes .
Early life and high school
McCord grew up in Mount Laurel , New Jersey and attended St. Joseph 's Preparatory School in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . They received their first college scholarship offer from Central Michigan before the start of their first-year student year of high school . As a sophomore , they passed for a school-record 2,883 yards and 35 touchdown passes . McCord passed for 2,399 yards and 31 touchdowns during their junior season before missing the final four games due to injury . They were named the Pennsylvania Gatorade Player of the Year as a senior after completing 65 percent of their passes while throwing for 1,582 yards and 21 touchdowns . McCord finished their high school career with 6,887 passing yards , a Philadelphia Catholic League record , and 88 touchdown passes .
McCord was initially rated a four-star recruit and committed to play college football at Ohio State during their sophomore year over offers from Texas A & M , Penn State , Mississippi State , and Michigan State . They were later reranked as a five-star prospect by 247Sports as a junior .
College career
McCord primarily spent their first-year student season at Ohio State as the backup to starter C. J. Stroud . They made one start against Akron while Stroud was recovering from a shoulder injury . In the game , McCord completed 13 of 18 passing attempts for 319 yards and two touchdowns with one interception in a 59-7 win and was named the Big Ten Conference Freshman of the Week . They finished the season with 416 passing yards and two touchdown passes and two interceptions in five games played . McCord entered their sophomore season as the Buckeyes second string quarterback .
Personal life
McCord 's father , Derek McCord , played quarterback at Rugters from 1988 to 1992 .
References
External links
Ohio State Buckeyes bio
Living people
Players of American football from New Jersey
American football quarterbacks
Ohio State Buckeyes football players
St. Joseph 's Preparatory School alumni
Sportspeople from Burlington County , New Jersey
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Brian Tiler ( 15 March 1943 – 30 June 1990 ) was an English footballer . Tiler , a central defender , began their career at their home town club Rotherham United where they made their debut in 1962–63 . They spent seven seasons at Millmoor , playing more than two hundred league games , before moving on to Aston Villa in December 1968 .
At Aston Villa , Tiler had the misfortune of being a member of the side that were relegated to the Third Division for the first and only time in the club 's history in 1969–70 . However , they were also a member of the Villa side that won promotion two years later . In October 1972 , they were transferred to Carlisle United , where they finished their Football League career .
In 1974 , they were appointed player manager of non league Wigan Athletic , where they spent two years , and won the Northern Premier League in 1974–75 . They played eleven league games for Wigan before leaving the club in 1976 . They would later return to Springfield Park as the coach of the Zambia national team , who is a Wigan played a friendly against in October 1978 .
They then moved to America to join the Portland Timbers , originally as a player before joining the coaching staff .
In 1980 , they became assistant manager to Ron Newman at the Miami Americans in the franchise 's only year of existence . After nine games , Newman quit to take over as coach at the San Diego Sockers , and Brian Tiler stepped up to become Head Coach until the team 's demise at the end of the season .
Tiler later became managing director at AFC Bournemouth , where they helped engineer Bournemouth 's first ever promotion to the Second Division in 1986–87 along with their friend , team manager Harry Redknapp . In June 1990 , Tiler was killed in a car accident in Italy , when a car collided head on with the minibus in which Tiler and Redknapp were travelling .
Redknapp was also badly injured in the accident , but survived and went on to make a full recovery . The pair were in Italy watching that summer 's World Cup .
References
External links
NASL stats
1943 births
1990 deaths
American Soccer League ( 1933–1983 ) coaches
English footballers
English expatriate footballers
English football managers
Rotherham United F.C . players
Aston Villa F.C . players
Carlisle United F.C . players
North American Soccer League ( 1968–1984 ) players
Portland Timbers ( 1975–1982 ) players
Wigan Athletic F.C . players
Wigan Athletic F.C . managers
Road incident deaths in Italy
Portland Timbers ( NASL ) coaches
North American Soccer League ( 1968–1984 ) coaches
American soccer coaches
1978 African Cup of Nations managers
Association football central defenders
English expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Sasha Kathrine Siem ( born 1984 , in London ) is a British-Norwegian singer-songwriter and composer .
Early life
Sasha Siem was born in London , England , to Kristian Siem , a Norwegian business person , and their South African wife Karen Ann , née Moross . Them brother is violinist Charlie Siem .
Career
Siem studied music and poetry at Cambridge University and Harvard University ; by their early twenties , they had written music for the London Symphony Orchestra , The Royal Opera House , Rambert Dance Company , Opera North , The Aldeburgh Festival , Le Nouvel Ensemble Moderne , The London Sinfonietta , and the London Philharmonic Orchestra .
In 2010 , they became one of the youngest people to win a British Composer Award . They have also been awarded the Arthur Bliss Prize and the Royal Philharmonic Society Composition Prize .
Siem has performed at festivals and venues across Europe and the United States , including The Royal Opera House , London ; HBC , Berlin ; the Ultima Oslo Contemporary Music Festival ; ( Le ) Poisson Rouge , NYC ; by : Larm , Joe 's Pub , The Forum , London , Latitude Festival by : Larm , Barbican , Southbank Centre and Sadlers Wells .
While parallels have been drawn with pioneering singer-songwriters such as Tom Waits , Jacques Brel , Björk , and Joanna Newsom , the influence of art-song composers such as György Kurtág , Claude Vivier , and Salvatore Sciarrino is equally evident in their music .
The Guardian noted that Siem is `` making waves in the music scene '' , while CBS has hailed them as a `` woman of note '' and a talent to watch .
Siem released their debut EP So Polite on 1 February 2013 . Them debut album Most Of The Boys was produced by Valgeir Sigurðsson in Iceland and was released on 2 March 2015 on vinyl and CD . It was reviewed in Uncut by Jim Wirth , who described the album as `` An uptown fusion of Bjork , The Raincoats and the Cosmopolitan letters page '' .
Talking about Siem 's single , `` My Friend '' , Tarynn Law from The 405 said , `` gorgeous and emotive work , with lyrics that allow for self-reflection '' . Jamie Skey from Q said , `` ... if you were to construct a Venn Diagram between Bjork and Leonard Cohen , you 'd find the tune somewhere in the shaded middle section . Robin Murray from Clash said , “ sweeping , widescreen grandeur… both contagious and quite , quite affecting ” .
In 2016 , Siem released their second album Bird Burning to critical acclaim . Pip Williams at The Line of Best Fit wrote : `` Bird Burning is a spectacular record on several levels , successfully tackling concepts other artists would rightly shy from . Scandinavia regularly yields musicians of extraordinary talent , but Sasha Siem 's startling ambition stands Bird Burning head and shoulders above the rest . ''
Siem 's songs have been remixed by Matthew Herbert , Susanne Sundfor , High as a Kite , East India Youth , and Rabit .
References
External links
Official website
1984 births
Living people
British women classical composers
Musicians from London
British women singer-songwriters
British people of Norwegian descent
British people of South African descent
Harvard University alumni
21st-century British women singers
Thusis ( , Romansh : Tusàn ) is a municipality in the Viamala Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden . On 1 January 2018 the former municipality of Mutten merged into the municipality of Thusis .
History
Thusis is first mentioned in 1156 as Tosana . The town was devastated by more than 10 fires and after the one of 1845 , it had to be rebuilt .
Geography
Thusis has an area , , of . Of this area , 18 % is used for agricultural purposes , while 58.2 % is forested . Of the rest of the land , 15.2 % is settled ( buildings or roads ) and the remainder ( 8.6 % ) is non-productive ( rivers , glaciers or mountains ) .
The municipality is the capital of the Thusis sub-district , of the Hinterrhein district , after 2017 it was part of the Viamala Region . It is the center of the Hinterrhein valley and is located at the confluence of the Hinterrhein and Nolla rivers . Thusis is also at the end of the Viamala canyon . It consists of the village of Thusis and , since 1875 , includes Übernolla .
Demographics
Thusis has a population ( as of ) of . , 23.6 % of the population was made up of foreign nationals . Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 0.7 % . In the town , the swiss german dialect is predominant . Only 5 % speak the local Romansh . The germanization is assumed to have begun in the 15th century , with people from the southern parts of Germany and the Wallis .
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.4 % male and 49.6 % female . The age distribution , , in Thusis is ; 304 people or 11.2 % of the population are between 0 and 9 years old . 142 people or 5.2 % are 10 to 14 , and 141 people or 5.2 % are 15 to 19 . Of the adult population , 354 people or 13.0 % of the population are between 20 and 29 years old . 460 people or 16.9 % are 30 to 39 , 402 people or 14.8 % are 40 to 49 , and 333 people or 12.3 % are 50 to 59 . The senior population distribution is 255 people or 9.4 % of the population are between 60 and 69 years old , 195 people or 7.2 % are 70 to 79 , there are 104 people or 3.8 % who are 80 to 89 , and there are 27 people or 1.0 % who are 90 to 99 . Thusis has an unemployment rate of 1.65 % . , there were 15 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 5 businesses involved in this sector . 525 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 36 businesses in this sector . 1,325 people are employed in the tertiary sector , with 190 businesses in this sector .
The historical population is given in the following table :
Politics
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 31.4 % of the vote . The next three most popular parties were the SPS ( 27.2 % ) , the FDP ( 24.8 % ) and the CVP ( 15.1 % ) .
Education
In Thusis about 63.5 % of the population ( between age 25-64 ) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education ( either university or a Fachhochschule ) .
Religion
From the , 1,085 or 39.9 % are Roman Catholic , while 1,096 or 40.3 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church . Of the rest of the population , there are 134 individuals ( or about 4.93 % of the population ) who belong to the Orthodox Church , and there are 46 individuals ( or about 1.69 % of the population ) who belong to another Christian church . There are less than 5 individuals who are Jewish , and 96 ( or about 3.53 % of the population ) who are Islamic . There are 64 individuals ( or about 2.36 % of the population ) who belong to another church ( not listed on the census ) , 101 ( or about 3.72 % of the population ) belong to no church , are agnostic or atheist , and 95 individuals ( or about 3.50 % of the population ) did not answer the question .
Languages
Most of the population ( ) speaks German ( the local Swiss German dialect is known as Thusnerdeutsch ) ( 77.7 % ) , with Serbo-Croatian being second most common ( 5.2 % ) and Italian being third ( 4.7 % ) .
Weather
Thusis has an average of 101.6 days of rain per year and on average receives of precipitation . The wettest month is August during which time Thusis receives an average of of precipitation . During this month there is precipitation for an average of 10.7 days . The month with the most days of precipitation is June , with an average of 10.7 , but with only of precipitation . The driest month of the year is February with an average of of precipitation over 10.7 days .
Transportation
Located a short distance to the southwest of Chur , Thusis is accessible using the A13 Autobahn ( Junctions 20 and 21 ) . The Rhaetian Railway operates services to the Thusis railway station .
Notable people
Anton Aberle ( 1876 – 1953 in Thusis ) a German–Swiss architect
Luzius Rüedi ( 1900 in Thusis – 1993 ) a Swiss ice hockey player who won a bronze medal in the 1928 Winter Olympics
References
External links
Official website
Cities in Switzerland
Municipalities of Graubünden
Badamestan-e Bala ( , also Romanized as Bādāmestān-e Bālā ; also known as Bādāmestān ) is a village in Madvarat Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 119 , in 33 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Bill Madden ( born 1946 ) is an American sportswriter formerly with the New York Daily News . A member of the Baseball Writers ' Association of America , they have served on the Historical Overview Committee of the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2005 , 2007 and 2008 , helping to select candidates for the final ballots presented to the Veterans Committee .
Madden grew up in Oradell , New Jersey , and graduated from Bergen Catholic High School .
Madden was a sportswriter with United Press International for nine years before they joined the Daily News in 1978 . They covered the New York Yankees before becoming a columnist in 1989 . In 1990 , they crossed picket lines while the Daily News writers were on strike . They have written the books Damned Yankees : A No-Holds-Barred Account of Life With `` Boss '' Steinbrenner ( 1991 , with Moss Klein ) , Zim - A Baseball Life ( 2001 , with Don Zimmer ) , Pride of October : What it Was to Be Young and a Yankee ( 2003 ) , and Bill Madden : My 25 Years Covering Baseball 's Heroes , Scoundrels , Triumphs and Tragedies 2004 Steinbrenner : The Last Lion of Baseball ( 2010 ) , `` 1954 - The Year Willie Mays and the First Generation of Black Superstars Changed Baseball Forever '' ( 2014 ) , and `` Lou - -Fifty Years of Kicking Dirt , Playing Hard and Winning in the Sweet Spot of Baseball '' ( with Lou Piniella ) ( 2017 ) .
In 2010 , Madden was the recipient of the baseball scribe 's highest honor , the J.G . Taylor Spink Award . Madden and other Spink award winners are recognized at the Hall of Fame in Cooperstown with a display in the `` Scribes and Mikemen '' exhibit behind the Gallery of Plaques .
On September 16 , 2015 , Madden was laid off from the Daily News by publisher Mort Zuckerman in a cost-cutting effort that included other longtime , well-known columnists . However , two years later , Madden was brought back on a freelance basis and continues to write several columns a week .
In 2016 and 2017 , Madden interviewed Tom Seaver in Seaver 's winery for a documentary to be aired in 2019 , when Seaver was already battling the effects of lyme disease which mimicked the memory loss symptoms of dementia or Alzheimer 's disease . When Seaver died in 2020 , Madden wrote Tom Seaver : A Terrific Life in honor of him .
References
External links
Baseball Hall of Fame
Madden 's Daily Columns
1946 births
Living people
Bergen Catholic High School alumni
BBWAA Career Excellence Award recipients
Journalists from New York City
Sportswriters from New York ( state )
People from Oradell , New Jersey
Longfeng is the pinyin romanization of various Chinese names . It may refer to :
Longfeng District of Daqing , Heilongjiang
Longfeng in Jiexiu Prefecture , Shanxi
Zaljubiška ( 'In love ' ) is the tenth studio album by Yugoslavian pop-folk singer Lepa Brena and their band Slatki Greh . It was released 27 November 1991 through the record label PGP-RTB .
This was their eleventh of twelve albums with Slatki Greh . Their final project as a group was Pomračenje sunca ( 2000 ) .
This album was sold in a circulation of 350,000 copies .
Track listing
Personnel
Crew
I. Ćulum – design
D. Savić – photography
References
1991 albums
Lepa Brena albums
PGP-RTB albums
Zellertal is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany . The villages of , Harxheim and Niefernheim form Zellertal .
Zellertal is in Zellertal region , which in turn is part of the Palatinate wine region and borders on the Rhenish Hesse wine region .
Economy
The local economy is based on viticulture and tourism related to viticulture . See Rhineland-Palatinate for a further description of the local viticulture .
References
External links
Guide to businesses in the Zellertal region
Donnersbergkreis
Okill Massey Learmonth , VC , MC ( 20 February 1894 – 19 August 1917 ) , was a Canadian soldier . Learmonth was a recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to Commonwealth forces . Learmonth served in the Canadian Expeditionary Force during World War I , and was awarded their medal posthumously for actions at the Battle of Hill 70 .
Details
Learmonth was 23 years old , and an acting Major in the 2nd ( Eastern Ontario ) Battalion , Canadian Expeditionary Force , during the First World War when the following deed took place for which they were awarded the VC .
On 18 August 1917 east of Loos , France , during a determined counter-attack on our new positions , Major Learmonth , when their company was momentarily surprised , instantly charged and personally disposed of the attackers . Later , although under intense barrage fire and mortally wounded , they stood on the parapet of the trench , bombing the enemy and on several occasions they actually caught bombs thrown at them and threw them back . When unable to carry on the fight , they still refused to be evacuated and continued giving instructions and invaluable advice , finally handing over all their duties before they were moved to hospital where they died .
Further information
Born in Quebec City , Canada , they were elected a member of the Literary and Historical Society of Quebec in March 1914 . They are buried at Noeux-les-Mines Communal Cemetery , France , 2 miles northwest of Lens ( plot 11 , row K , grave 9 ) . Learmonth Street in Quebec City , Canada is named after him . Major Learmonth 's VC is apparently held by the Governor General 's Foot Guards ' museum on Queen Elizabeth Drive in Ottawa , Ontario .
References
External links
Okill Massey Learmonth 's digitized service file
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
Biography of Okill Massey Learmonth on DND 's Directorate of History and Heritage
Okill Massey Learmonth biography on the Canadian Virtual War Memorial
Legion Magazine article on Okill Learmonth
Canadian recipients of the Military Cross
Canadian World War I recipients of the Victoria Cross
1894 births
1917 deaths
Canadian Expeditionary Force officers
Canadian military personnel from Quebec
People from Quebec City
Canadian military personnel killed in World War I
Governor General 's Foot Guards
Raúl Andrade Moscoso ( October 4 , 1905 – September 10 , 1983 ) was an Ecuadorian journalist and playwright .
Andrade traveled throughout Mexico and Colombia , where they worked as a journalist for El Tiempo ( Bogota , Colombia ) , and published their book La internacional negra en Colombia ( The Black International in Colombia ) , a collection of articles on the crisis in Colombia . They represented the Ecuadorian government in a number of countries . Because of their merits they received several decorations : `` Al Merito '' ( Ecuador ) , `` Orden de San Carlos '' ( Colombia ) , and `` Comendador de la Orden de Leopoldo '' ( Belgium ) . As a dramatist , Andrade published Suburbio ( The Outskirts ) , a romantic evocation on the suburbs of Quito .
They were awarded the Ecuadorian National Prize of Culture `` Premio Eugenio Espejo '' in 1983 .
Works
“ Suburbio ” ( 1931 ) , a comedy in two acts
“ Cocktails ” , a compilation of literary and political articles published in La Mañana and Zumbambico newspapers
“ Gobelinos de Niebla ” ( 1937 )
“ El Perfil de la Quimera ” ( 1951 )
“ La Internacional Negra en Colombia y otros ensayos ” ( 1954 )
“ Julio Andrade , Crónica de una Vida Heroica ” ( 1962 )
References
1905 births
1983 deaths
Ecuadorian male writers
Toyne is an English surname . Notable people with this surname include :
Fay Toyne , Australian tennis player
Gilbert Toyne ( 1888–1983 ) , Australian inventor
Ian Toyne ( 1930–1999 ) , Australian Australian rules football player
Jeff Toyne ( born 1975 ) , Canadian film composer
Len Toyne ( 1922–1998 ) , Australian Australian rules football player
Peter Toyne ( born 1946 ) , Australian politician
Peter Toyne ( academic )
Phillip Toyne ( 1947–2015 ) , Australian activist
Simon Toyne ( born 1968 ) , British writer
Stanley Toyne ( 1881–1962 ) , English cricket player
Timothy Toyne Sewell ( born 1941 ) , British army officer
Hornazo ( ) is Spanish meat pie eaten in the provinces of Salamanca and Ávila . It is made with flour and yeast and stuffed with pork loin , spicy chorizo , and hard-boiled eggs .
In Salamanca , it is traditionally eaten in the field during the `` Monday of the Waters '' ( Lunes de aguas ) festival . The name of this unique festival supposedly comes from a twisting of the word enagua ( `` petticoat '' ) , which the prostitutes of the town used to wear under their dresses . According to tradition , during Lent the prostitutes were sent to the other side of the Tormes River so that the men of the town were not distracted during the religious observances . On Easter Monday , the students of the town threw a party on the banks of the river to celebrate the return of the women , and ate hornazo as part of the celebration .
Hornazo in other parts of Spain
In other places in the country there are dishes similar to hornazo that contain hard-boiled eggs as a primary ingredient . In some parts of Spain a bollo de hornazo is a sweet and dry bread which is decorated with hard-boiled eggs . These dishes are also traditionally consumed in and around Easter . This may be because long ago , eggs were considered a sort of meat , and were therefore prohibited during Lent , a fact that did not stop the chickens from laying eggs . The eggs were preserved by hard-boiling them , and then used for cooking in dishes like hornazo . From this tradition it is probable that Easter eggs came into being , but their exact origins are unknown .
See also
List of Spanish dishes
References
This is a translation from an article at the Spanish Wikipedia Hornazo at Wikipedia-es
Castilian-Leonese cuisine
Savoury pies
Easter bread
Spanish breads
Stanley A. Weiss ( December 21 , 1926 – August 26 , 2021 ) was an American business executive , founder of Business Executives for National Security ( BENS ) , and a writer on international affairs . They have been described as a `` self-made man '' and a `` multi-faceted ... multi-movied bon vivant '' .
Inspired by the film The Treasure of the Sierra Madre to search for gold in Mexico in the 1950s , Weiss became a successful entrepreneur in the mining industry before turning to politics as co-founder of the Citizen 's Party and founder of BENS , and anti-nuclear advocacy group that successfully campaigned for the closure of unnecessary U.S. military bases , reforming Pentagon procurement , passing the Chemical Weapons Convention , and catalyzing President Bill Clinton 's 2000 visit to India .
Weiss started writing on national security issues in 1983 and has continued to write regularly on a wide range of foreign and domestic issues for titles including the International Herald Tribune , The New York Times , Foreign Affairs , and Strategic Affairs ' . They wrote on international affairs for the Huffington Post .
Their memoir Being Dead is Bad for Business was published by Disruption Books in February 2017 .
Early life and education
Weiss was born on December 21 , 1926 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Their father worked in local Republican politics .
They joined the U.S. Army in January 1944 , shortly after their seventeenth birthday , and was discharged with the rank of Sergeant in August , 1946 . Weiss credited President Harry Truman 's decision to use the atomic bomb with probably saving their lives because they were training for the U.S. invasion of Japan when the war ended .
They attended Lehigh University , Virginia Polytechnic Institute , Pennsylvania Military College and the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service . They were also the Business Fellow at Harvard University 's Center for International Affairs , now known as the Weatherhead Center for International Affairs .
Business success
During their time as a Georgetown student in 1951 , Weiss was inspired by the John Huston film The Treasure of the Sierra Madre to search for gold in Mexico .
Weiss had no experience in the mining business and struggled at first but developed their first key rule of business : Do n't Die .
Although they never found gold , they found rich deposits of manganese ore , often braving dangerous or isolated conditions to secure new supplies . Their business succeeded and Inc. Magazine described Weiss 's 1977 book Manganese : The Other Uses as the `` definitive text on the non-metallurgical uses of manganese '' .
Weiss diversified their businesses and in 1960 , they founded American Minerals , Inc. , of which they served as chairperson until 1991 . When the company merged with Premier Refractories , Inc. , Weiss served as chairperson of the merged entity until 1997 . Along with partners Charley and John Gehret , Weiss also started Premier Magnesia , the largest domestic supplier of magnesia in the United States . In 2007 , Premier Magnesia aligned with Giles Chemical , the largest supplier of Epsom salt .
Working with entrepreneur Ara Oztemel , Weiss also played a role in fostering trade between the United States and Soviet Union at the height of the Cold War by cutting a deal to import Soviet chromium into the United States . The Soviet-American Trading Corporation was responsible for up to eighty percent of trade between the United States and the Soviet Union .
Weiss invested in Harman International Industries before it went public in 1986 . They served on the company 's board of directors for two decades .
Weiss had also invested in other companies , including Footprint Ventures – a venture capital fund based in India that is run by Silicon Valley venture capitalist Neill Brownstein and their wife , Linda – and Chicken Soup for the Soul Publishing , run by BENS member Bill Rouhana .
Anti-nuclear activism
With the support of John Kenneth Galbraith , a liberal economist and Harvard professor , Weiss became the Business Fellow at Harvard University 's Center for International Affairs for the 1977–1978 school year .
Based in part on their work on nuclear non-proliferation at Harvard , in 1982 , Weiss founded Business Executives for National Security ( BENS ) , a non-partisan organization that represents the perspective of business leaders on national security issues .
In a February 2 , 1983 , interview on the Today show , host Jane Pauley asked Weiss why senior business leaders were becoming vocal about issues pertaining to nuclear war . Their reply later became their signature catchphrase : `` Being dead is bad for business '' .
BENS initially focused largely on arms control and defense procurement . In a series of op-eds , Weiss drew attention to the dangers of nuclear proliferation and said The Pentagon was operating on outdated assessments of national security needs in justifying inefficient acquisitions and unnecessary bases . The Base Realignment and Closure ( BRAC ) Act of 1990 , which helped remove pork barrel politics from the base-closing process by appointing a U.S. government commission to recommend closures , was based on a concept proposed by a BENS member . BENS also influenced the passage of the Chemical Weapons Convention and the Nunn-Lugar Cooperative Threat Reduction Program .
In 1994 , a BENS report that twenty-six of the twenty-seven bases recommended for closure under the BRAC process remained open or had reopened with new federal tenants helped speed the bases ' closures back . Weiss was invited to address the issue on CBS ' 60 Minutes , where they called the actions `` political pork at its worst '' .
Through Weiss ' leadership , BENS supported the CIA 's In-Q-Tel program , a venture capital firm to develop promising national security technologies for the CIA . They also led efforts to design a public-private partnership called the New Jersey Business Force , which mobilized private corporations in natural disaster recovery efforts and was active in recovery efforts after Hurricane Sandy .
In 2007 , Weiss stepped down as the Chairman of BENS and assumed the title of Founding Chairman . That year , Weiss received the Distinguished Civilian Service Award from the US Department of Defense .
Political advocacy
After their Harvard fellowship , Weiss created and financed the Nuclear Information Resource Service ( NIRS ) , which provided reliable , objective information about nuclear power . During the Three Mile Island disaster , NIRS was a key source of accurate information on the situation .
Weiss was a co-founder of the Citizen 's Party , which was dissatisfied with the Carter administration and focused on economic democracy and solving the 1970s energy crisis . The Party recruited environmentalist Barry Commoner to run in the 1980 presidential election .
In 1991 , Weiss became involved in a private sector-led , not-for-profit venture to reinvent America 's public schools under President George H. W. Bush 's `` America 2000 Initiative '' ; the New American Schools Development Corporation sought to create new partnerships between business and government to improve US schools . Weiss and other members proposed `` break-the-mold '' designs for school reform . The ideas gained support within the Bush administration but failed due to opposition from the teachers ' unions .
Writing and publishing career
Weiss nearly purchased the magazine Ramparts , which faced financial troubles in 1968 .
Weiss had written op-eds on international affairs and national security issues since 1983 . They had written as broadly and consistently on issues related to southeastern Asia and the Asian subcontinent the past 20 years – including Indonesia , Thailand , Myanmar , India – as any other American writer . Throughout the 1990s and 2000s , they were a regular op-ed contributor to the International Herald Tribune . Their writing has also appeared in Foreign Affairs the Los Angeles Times , the Wall Street Journal , Forbes , the Washington Times , the Washington Post , UPI , Strategic Review , and the New York Times . They wrote about international affairs for The Huffington Post .
Key themes in Weiss 's writings include the US leadership , economics , global business , and national borders . They described themselves as `` an internationalist who believes the world is better off when America is out in front '' .
Weiss had described Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan as a `` brilliant fraud '' whose actions run counter to Turkey 's secular and democratic tradition , called on the US to reconsider its relationships with Saudi Arabia and Pakistan , and argued for a change in the US 's approach to Myanmar .
In 1998 , Weiss and BENS CEO Tom McInerney published an op-ed on the hunt for Osama Bin Laden . The opening line stated `` the United States wants terrorist mastermind Osama Bin Laden dead – or alive '' .
Former Indonesian president Megawati Sukarnoputri , during an election campaign against Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , seized on a Yudhonoyo quote in a Weiss-written op-ed in International Herald Tribune to argue that Yudhoyono preferred the United States over Indonesia .
On February 28 , 2017 , Weiss ' memoir titled `` Being Dead is Bad for Business '' was published by Disruption Books .
Film and theater production
Weiss was co-producer of Los Novios , the first musical comedy to debut in Mexico , which is based on the Broadway musical The boyfriend . They were also a producer for a Mexican adaptation of The Bells Are Ringing titled Ring , Ring , Llame el Amor .
Weiss was the executive producer for The Hired Hand , a 1971 film starring Peter Fonda , and also appeared in it . They also appeared in the film .
Associations
In Mexico , Weiss came to know several participants in Mexico 's vibrant art world , including Lupe Rivera , the daughter of painters Diego Rivera and Frida Kahlo .
Weiss frequently visited 1960s San Francisco , home of the nascent counterculture movement . Weiss maintained close friendships with San Francisco journalists Herb Caen and Art Hoppe . Writers Barnaby Conrad and Herb Gold , advertising pioneers Walter Landor and Howard Gossage , as well as proctologist-turned-ventriloquist Gerry Feigen were among a group of friends who met regularly with Weiss at Trader Vic 's . Their closest friends were the entrepreneur Harry Hunt and attorney Bernard Petrie .
Weiss spent part of each year in Gstaad , Switzerland , where they befriended Galbraith , conservative National Review founder William F. Buckley , and The Spectator columnist Taki Theodoracopulos . Weiss also developed close friendships in Gstaad with actors Sean Connery and Roger Moore . They would later befriend Pierce Brosnan in Phuket , Thailand .
In 1971 , Weiss and their family moved to London . They were a member of the Garrick Club and the Queen 's tennis club .
Weiss received an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from Point Park College . They were a member of the Council on Foreign Relations , the American Ditchley Foundation , and the International Institute for Strategic Studies .
Weiss had served on the Board of Visitors at Georgetown University 's School of Foreign Service , the advisory board of the RAND Center for Middle East Public Policy , and the advisory board of the International Crisis Group .
References
1926 births
2021 deaths
American writers
American business executives
Lehigh University alumni
Virginia Tech alumni
Walsh School of Foreign Service alumni
People from Philadelphia
Glencorse Reservoir is a reservoir in Midlothian , Scotland , two miles west of Glencorse , in the Pentland Hills .
It is retained by an earth dam , and it was built between 1820 and 1824 by James Jardine to provide water for the mills of Auchendinny , Milton Bridge and Glencorse , and to supply drinking water to the citizens of Edinburgh . The dam is at its highest point , one of the tallest in Britain when it was constructed , and was built at a point where a spur of rock narrowed the channel of the Glencorse Burn , which caused great difficulties in its construction . The gravel bed on which the burn flowed was up to deep and when this was removed to create a clay-puddle dyke , the hill on the south side collapsed . The reservoir is the property of Scottish Water .
The reservoir was built to provide water to compensate the mills at Glencorse , Milton Bridge and Auchendinny and to ensure a supply of drinking water to Edinburgh through a cast-iron pipe which took water to two small reservoirs in the city , at Castlehill and near George Heriot 's School . The reservoir has an area of .
A Water Treatment Works was opened at Glencorse in 2012 to replace aged facilities at Alnwickhill and Fairmilehead and treat water from Talla , Fruid and Megget reservoirs . In 2019 , Glencorse Water Treatment Works was reported to have the capacity to supply up to 175 million litres of water per day and was supplying water to up to 450,000 customers in parts of West Lothian and Edinburgh .
Beneath the surface of the reservoir are the remains of St Catherine 's of the Hopes , a 13th century chapel .
See also
Edgelaw Reservoir
Gladhouse Reservoir
North Esk Reservoir
Rosebery Reservoir
List of reservoirs and dams in the United Kingdom
References
External links
Scottish Water - plans for new Glencorse Water Treatment Works
Royal Collection of Ancient and Historical Monuments of Scotland : Collaboration Projects with Defence Estates - Archaeological investigation
BBC Radio Four , Open Country , programme about the Pentland Hills and reservoirs
Forestry Commission - Picture Library - Glencorse Reservoir
The Scotsman , 17 February 2008 : Walk of the Week - Glencorse , Loganlea and Threipmuir Reservoirs , Pentlands
Photos of reservoirs
Reservoirs in Midlothian
José Andrés Tamayo Cortez ( born 1958 in San Pedro , Honduras ) is a Honduran Catholic priest and environmentalist , a leader of the Environmental Movement of Olancho and `` the public face of the country 's environmental movement '' . 2005 they were awarded with the Goldman Environmental Prize . After they were expelled from Honduras in 2009 they lived in exile in Nicaragua .
Environmental Movement of Olancho
The Environmental Movement of Olancho ( MAO ) is a coalition of subsistence farmers and community and religious leaders in the Olancho Department who are defending their lands against uncontrolled commercial logging . Together they exerted heavy pressure on the Honduran government to reform its national forest policy . Olancho is a 24,000 square-kilometer land and forest reserve where unregulated logging has already destroyed half of Olancho 's 12 million acres of forests .
`` I saw the trees disappear and the rains diminish , and the peasants began to lose their crops and go
hungry . So I decided to raise my voice in their defense . '' - Father José Andrés Tamayo
Father José Andrés Tamayo leads the campaigns with local communities in northern Olancho against intense deforestation and logging in the Olancho area . They have been intimidated and threatened several times . In October 2001 a police officer reportedly pointed their gun at Father José Andrés Tamayo during a demonstration calling for the protection of the environment . They were also under threat from local criminals who had reportedly been offered money to kill them because of their legitimate and peaceful environmental activism . Olancho town council member Carlos Luna was gunned down in 1998 while investigating claims of illegal logging in their municipality .
In 2003 Tamayo led a 3,000 person `` March for Life '' that traveled 120 miles to the capital , bringing environmental issues to the national spotlight for the first time in ages . A second `` March for Life '' in 2004 drew 5,000 people to protest corruption in the government 's National Forest Agency , and the marches have inspired activists throughout the country to organize against environmental destruction . Three members of the Environmental Movement of Olancho Carlos Luna , Carlos Roberto Flores , and Mauricio Hernandez were shot and killed in 2003 , including a 23-year-old priest .
2009 Father Tamayo reported that `` we have stopped 80 per cent of the illegal logging ... Last year the government declared a ban on the extraction of logs from several municipalities around Salama . The environmental activists want the wood to be processed locally into furniture and other goods before being shipped to the cities . We 're creating a model for how to take advantage of our resources while also protecting them . The communities have to transform the resources , using them in a way that does n't threaten their very life . ''
They were together with Manuel Zelaya in the Brazilian embassy in Tegucigalpa . Because of the 2009 Honduran constitutional crisis , Father Andrés Tamayo was deprived of Honduran nationality , was expelled from the country and was displaced from their parish in the municipality of Salamá .
Award
They were awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize in 2005 , for their efforts of organizing resistance against commercial logging in the Olancho Department .
Film
Father Andrés Tamayo Cortez and MAO activities are documented in the Swedish film I bought a rainforest by Helena Nygren and Jacob Andrén .
References
Resources
Tripp York and Andy Alexis-Baker ( Editors ) : A Faith Encompassing All Creation : Addressing Commonly Asked Questions about Christian Care for the Environment . 2014
Center for International Policy : THE ILLEGAL LOGGING CRISIS IN HONDURAS , PDF
Marching for Life : An Interview With José Tamayo
Video : Environmental Movement of Olancho and Father Jose Andres Tamayo : 2005 Goldman Prize winner , Honduras
Video : Speech Jose Andres Tamayo ( spain with translation ) : 2005 Goldman Environmental Prize Ceremony
Video : Invervista con P.Andres Tamayo , Fondazione Fontana ( spain )
Living people
Sustainability advocates
Honduran environmentalists
People from Olancho Department
Honduran Roman Catholic priests
1958 births
Goldman Environmental Prize awardees
The Cincinnati , New Orleans and Texas Pacific Railway ( abbreviated : CNO & TP ; ) is a railroad that runs from Cincinnati , Ohio , south to Chattanooga , Tennessee , forming part of the Norfolk Southern Railway system .
The physical assets of the road were initially financed by the city of Cincinnati in the 1870s , and are still owned by the city . It is the only such long-distance railway owned by a municipality in the United States . The CNO & TP continues to lease that property and operates one rail line , the Cincinnati Southern Railway , between Cincinnati and Chattanooga .
History
The line opened completely in 1880 , and was financed by the city of Cincinnati . Construction was spurred by a shift of Ohio River shipping , important to the local economy . Fearing the loss of shipping traffic and the local salaries and tax revenue that came with it , the city recognized the need to remain competitive . The Ohio Constitution forbade cities from forming partnerships in stock corporations , so the city , led by Edward A. Ferguson , took upon itself the building of the railway .
With wide popular approval , city voters voted for $ 10 million in municipal bonds in 1869 to begin construction . With 337 miles of track and many tunnels to construct , another bond for an additional $ 6 million was necessary . Some portions were open by 1877 , but the entire line opened February 21 , 1880 . The last spike was placed on December 10 , 1879 . It opened for passenger service on March 8 , 1880 .
Routing
The CNO & TP main line has three districts : the First District from Cincinnati , Ohio , to Danville , Kentucky ; the Second District from Danville to Oakdale , Tennessee ; and the Third District from Oakdale to Chattanooga .
The Second District is known as the `` Rathole '' due to steep grades , 27 tunnels , and numerous curves which were once this line 's signature . While several projects over the span of 60 years eliminated several problem areas , the Southern Railway 's line improvement project between 1959 and 1963 is the best known . This project saw numerous cuts and line relocations to bypass tunnels and reduce the steep grades and tight curves . Only Tunnels # 22 and # 24 at Nemo , Tennessee and Tunnels # 25 and # 26 at Oakdale remain on the line ; all but # 25 were built new in the 1960s .
Originally built to broad gauge , the line was converted to standard gauge , , in 13 hours in 1886 .
The late 1990s saw another improvement with the Norfolk Southern Railway double tracking the segment south of Somerset , Kentucky , between Tateville and KD Tower ( near Greenwood , Kentucky ) . As of 2013 , a massive project is underway to double track from Woods , also known as Somerset , to Grove just north of Burnside . This project will straighten a curve near the Kentucky Route 914 bypass overpass , allowing for improved train handling . NS planners and engineering officials are still tinkering with and improving the company 's second most profitable line , including the initial $ 65 million in line improvement projects from 1959 to 1963 and 1996 to 2010 , Norfolk Southern is projected to have spent over $ 1 billion in a span of 60 years .
Queen and Crescent Route
After two years of leasing the property to local companies , in 1881 the city entered a 25-year lease to an entity called Cincinnati , New Orleans and Texas Pacific Railway , which was held by an English corporation controlled by German-born Parisian banker Frédéric Émile d'Erlanger . Soon Erlanger held all five segments of railroad from Cincinnati to New Orleans , and west from Meridian , Mississippi to Shreveport , Louisiana . This was dubbed the Queen and Crescent Route , connecting the Queen City to the Crescent City .
Erlanger sold their interest in 1890 . In 1894 the CNO & TP was one of many properties reorganized by Samuel Spencer into the vastly expanded Southern Railway .
The railroad inaugurated a named passenger train for the route , the Queen and Crescent Limited , in 1926 . Never a financial success , the train carried both coaches and Pullman sleepers and a dining car . The train was discontinued in 1949 .
1911 strike
White firefighters of the CNO & TP struck on January 9 , 1911 , when the company refused their demand that their black counterparts be fired within 90 days . Trains continued to run , with black firefighters on their crews , in the vicinity of Kings Mountain , Kentucky , Somerset , Kentucky , and Oakdale , Tennessee , in terrain well-suited for sniper attacks . Within four days , sharpshooters killed at least eleven people : nine black railroad employees and two detectives .
Cincinnati Southern Railway
The present-day Cincinnati Southern Railway runs from Cincinnati to Chattanooga . It is still owned by the City of Cincinnati and is leased to the CNO & TP under a long-term lease ; it is the only such long-distance railway owned by a municipality in the United States . The CNO & TP 's lease of the Cincinnati Southern Railway is currently set to expire in 2026 , with an option for a 25-year renewal .
The agreement is governed by the five-member Trustees of the Cincinnati Southern Railway , who are appointed by the Mayor of the City of Cincinnati .
The Cincinnati , New Orleans and Texas Pacific is operated by Norfolk Southern as part of the Central Division . Between Cincinnati and Somerset the line is under control of the North End Dispatcher , Knoxville , Tennessee . Somerset to Hixson , Tennessee , is dispatched by the South End Dispatcher , Knoxville . The CT ( Chattanooga Terminal ) Dispatcher controls the last few miles and a few surrounding lines into Chattanooga .
More than 50 trains a day can be seen on the CNO & TP , with the heaviest concentration between Danville and Harriman , Tennessee . Quite a bit of the traffic is intermodal and automotive . General manifests , local freights , grain , coal , and other bulk commodities make up the rest of the traffic .
In 1925 CNO & TP reported 1688 million ton-miles of revenue freight ( not including Harriman & Northeastern ) on 338 route-miles operated ; in 1967 it had 4116 million ton-miles on 337 route-miles . Revenue passenger-miles were 134 million in 1925 and 15 million in 1967 .
See also
Queen and Crescent Route
Interstate Commerce Commission v. Cincinnati , New Orleans and Texas Pacific Railway Co .
Cincinnati–Blue Ash Airport , formerly owned by the City of Cincinnati outside the corporation limits
French Park ( Amberley , Ohio ) , also owned by the City of Cincinnati outside the corporation limits
References
Southern Railway Ties , August 1963
Trackside Guide No . 1 - Cincinnati , Trains September 2002
Railroads of Cincinnati , includes a history of the CNO & TP with photos
Further reading
External links
Particularly Everything Blog - Queen and Crescent : Cincinnati , New Orleans and Texas Pacific Railway
Kentucky railroads
Ohio railroads
Tennessee railroads
Former Class I railroads in the United States
Predecessors of the Southern Railway ( U.S . )
Railway companies established in 1881
5 ft gauge railways in the United States
1881 establishments in Ohio
Rail transportation in Cincinnati
München-Johanneskirchen station is a Munich S-Bahn railway station in the borough of Bogenhausen , Munich . It is served by the S-Bahn line .
References
Johanneskirchen
Johanneskirchen
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1909
Collegium Hungaricum may refer to ...
Balassi Institute ( Collegium Hungaricum ) , organization supporting Hungarian education and culture around the world
Collegium Germanicum et Hungaricum ( Catholic priest 's seminary in Rome , Italy ) .
Li Mao ( ; born 2 November 1992 ) is a Taiwanese footballer who currently plays as a striker for Taichung Futuro F.C . in the Taiwan Football Premier League and for the Chinese Taipei national football team .
Li gained attention by being top scorer with four goals in three matches at the 2017 CTFA International Tournament , with two goals against the Philippines and two goals against Laos , described by Taipei Times as `` the key player for Taiwan . ''
International career
International goals
Scores and results list Chinese Taipei 's goal tally first .
References
1992 births
Living people
Taiwanese footballers
Chinese Taipei international footballers
People from Hualien County
Taiwan Football Premier League players
Taichung Futuro F.C . players
Association football forwards
Ghent was a constituency used to elect members of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives between 1831 and 1900 .
Representatives
References
Defunct constituencies of the Chamber of Representatives ( Belgium )
William Henry Kurtz ( January 31 , 1804 – June 24 , 1868 ) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania .
Early life
William H. Kurtz was born in York , Pennsylvania . They attended the common schools and the York County Academy at York . They studied law , was admitted to the bar on January 7 , 1828 , and commenced practice in York .
Career
They served as prosecuting attorney of York County , Pennsylvania .
Kurtz was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-second and Thirty-third Congresses . They served as chairperson of the United States House Committee on Public Expenditures during the Thirty-third Congress . They resumed the practice of law .
Death
Kurtz died in York on June 24 , 1868 . They were interred in Prospect Hill Cemetery .
Footnotes
Sources
The Political Graveyard
1804 births
1868 deaths
Pennsylvania lawyers
Politicians from York , Pennsylvania
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Joseph Finch Fenn ( 1820 in Travancore – 1884 ) was an English clergyman , honorary canon of Gloucester .
Life
Fenn was the son of the Rev . Joseph Fenn , minister of Blackheath Park Chapel , Kent . They were born in Travancore , India in 1820 , and educated at Blackheath Proprietary School and Trinity College , Cambridge , where they graduated B.A . 1842 , M.A . 1845 , and B.D . 1877 . They were ordained a deacon in 1845 , and priest in the following year . In 1844 they had gained a fellowship of their college , which they held until 1847 , when , on accepting the living at St Mary 's church in Stotfold , Bedfordshire , they resigned . An amateur cricketer , Fenn made a single appearance in first-class cricket for the Gentlemen of Kent against the Gentlemen of England at Lord 's in 1851 . In 1860 they were appointed by the trustees to the perpetual curacy of Christ Church , Cheltenham , on the resignation of Archibald Boyd ; in 1877 they became chaplain to the Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol , and in 1879 an honorary canon of Gloucester ; and in 1880 they were elected one of the two proctors in convocation for the united diocese .
Though a good scholar and of very extensive reading , Fenn published little , devoting themselves to their parochial duties , including the careful preparation of their sermons . Some of these , forming a volume entitled Lenten Teachings , 1877–84 , have been published since their death . They kept clear of the controversies dividing the church of England . They took an active share in all movements for the improvement of the young , and was the eloquent promoter of the free library system in Cheltenham . During the latter years of their life they were a strong adherent to the cause of total abstinence . They were generally regarded as an evangelical , but was not a party man . They supported the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel as heartily as the Church Missionary Society , and had a leaning to the old high church section . They declined an offer of the benefice of St. Mary Redcliffe , Bristol , in 1877 , in compliance with the wishes of the Christ Church congregation . The church of St. Stephen , Tivoli , in the district of Christ Church , was erected mainly by their exertions to meet the wants of an increasing population , and they contributed liberally towards the undertaking . They were twice married , and left children . They died on 22 July 1884 , and was buried in their family vault in the churchyard of Leckhampton , near Cheltenham . A large memorial brass has been erected in Christ Church .
References
1820 births
1884 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College , Cambridge
English religious writers
19th-century English non-fiction writers
19th-century English Anglican priests
English male non-fiction writers
19th-century English male writers
People from Stotfold
English cricketers
Gentlemen of Kent cricketers
People educated at Blackheath Proprietary School
Birchleigh North is the northernmost suburb of Kempton Park , in Gauteng province , South Africa .
References
Suburbs of Kempton Park , Gauteng
Vattavayalil Joseph Kurian was the Additional Chief Secretary to the Government of Kerala in India was the Managing Director of Cochin International Airport . They belong to the 1983 batch of the Indian Administrative Service ( IAS ) , Kerala cadre .
Personal life
V. J. Kurian was born to V. J. Joseph , Vattavayalil House and Aleykutty Joseph , Pamblani House at Edamattom , Palai in Kottayam District , Kerala . They are married to Mariamma Kurian and has one son and one daughter . V. Joseph Thomas IPS is their elder brother . They currently live in Cochin , Kerala and serves as the Managing Director of the Cochin International Airport Limited .
Under their leadership , the airport won the distinction of being the world 's first solar powered airport . They received the champion of the earth award from the UN for contributions to the field of sustainable energy .
In 1973-1974 they completed their Secondary School ( SSLC ) from St Joseph English Medium School Neeloor , a small village near Pala .
They have a master 's degree in Economics from St. Stephen 's College , Delhi .
Career
Kurian joined the Kerala cadre of the Indian Administrative Service in 1983 and has held various positions in the bureaucracy . They have been the Managing Director ( MD ) of 'Oushadhi ' , a state run pharma company , Spices board Chairman and MD of Roads and Bridges Development Corporation Kerala . They were the collector of Ernakulam where their role was instrumental in setting up the first public private partnership airport of India , Cochin International Airport Limited ( CIAL ) . They have had three terms as the MD of CIAL and was awarded the M. K. K. Nair Award in 2017 .
References
External links
UPSC official website
Vattavayalil Family website
Indian police chiefs
Malayali people
People from Pala , Kerala
1958 births
Living people
Civil Servants from Kerala
Indian Administrative Service officers from Kerala
Carla Perdita Catterall ( born 1951 ) is an Australian ecologist and ornithologist . As of 2021 they are a Emeritus Professor at Griffith University .
Career
Born in 1951 , Catterall graduated from the University of Queensland with a PhD in 1979 . Them thesis , titled `` Behavioural strategies of a silvereye population , ( Zosterops lateralis chlorocephala Campbell and White ) , in relation to food resources , on a coral cay island '' , was published by the Royal Australian Ornithologists Union in 1982 .
In 2010 Catterall won the D. L. Serventy Medal in recognition of their `` outstanding contributions to publication in the science of ornithology in the Australasian region '' . At the time of their award they were an associate professor at Griffith University and had `` served on 13 advisory bodies and written 33 consultancy reports for local , state and commonwealth governments , community groups and private industry '' .
Catterall was president of the Ecological Society of Australia in the year of its 50th anniversary and was interviewed to celebrate that milestone . They are a former member of the editorial board of Emu : Australian Ornithology .
Them ornithological research has included studies of aggression between species such as Manorina melanocephala ( noisy miners ) as well as of birds spreading the seeds of fruits . They have also written about deforestation and the importance of biodiversity .
References
Living people
1951 births
University of Queensland alumni
Griffith University faculty
Australian ornithologists
Australian ecologists
Women ecologists
Kozodawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine . It lies approximately south-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
The village has a population of 213 .
References
Kozodawy
AgencyNet is a digital marketing agency based in New York City and Fort Lauderdale , Florida . In November 2012 , AgencyNet rebranded as AgencyTen .
Background
AgencyNet is a digital marketing agency . The agency acts as a strategic marketing consultant to top brands in a variety of industries .
AgencyNet was founded in 1994 by Richard Lent in New York City . In 2000 , the company moved to Fort Lauderdale , Florida . In 2008 , the company expanded by opening another office New York City . The company has recently produced work for Jay-Z and Rihanna .
AgencyNet 's clients include Bacardi , Grey Goose , Warner Bros , Ford , Sony , Howard Stern , Bill Clinton , Mike 's Hard Lemonade , Pencils of Promise and Universal Music Group .
Named `` one of the hottest digital agencies around '' by Advertising Age , AgencyNet 's work has been recipient of over 130 awards including an Interactive Emmy , FWA , Cannes Lion , SXSW 's Best in Show , as well as The Webby .
References
Advertising agencies of the United States
Claire Wright may refer to :
Claire Wright ( gymnast ) ( born 1979 ) , British trampoline gymnast
Claire Wright ( politician ) , independent candidate in the 2019 United Kingdom General Election
See also
Clare Wright ( born 1969 ) , American Australian historian , author and broadcaster
Alter Echo is the fourth studio album by the Danish rock band Dizzy Mizz Lizzy . It was released on 20 March 2020 by Sony Music .
Background
Following the band 's 2014 reunion , their third studio album Forward in Reverse in 2016 marked their first original material released in nearly 20 years . The shift from the band 's more grunge-oriented music from the 1990s towards hard rock was well-received by both critics and fans , and helped Dizzy Mizz Lizzy regain their position as Denmark 's most popular rock band .
After touring Forward in Reverse , the band started to work on new material in the studio in the second half of 2017 , and expected to release an album in 2018 . However , the band decided to take extra time out to meet their high production quality standard . In 2018 and 2019 , they continued to occasionally play shows , also trying out new songs they were working on , such as `` In the Blood '' and `` California Rain '' . Album recording began in August 2019 in the privately owned Color Mill Studio . It marks the first album entirely self-produced by Tim Christensen .
Release and reception
Alter Echo was ultimately released on 20 March 2020 to favorable reviews . The album was lauded with the GAFFA Award for `` Danish rock album of the year '' , while it garnered Christensen their first award for `` Songwriter of the year '' . The album 's name was inspired by TC Electronic 's Alter Ego echo pedal , the meaning of which refers to an altered or alternative sound , particularly marking the band 's transition in sound .
Because the album hit the market in the early days of the COVID-19 pandemic , the band had to postpone their `` Arena Tour '' several times , playing only several smaller shows in between . The tour ultimately commenced April 2022 , with the shows being widely praised .
Musical style
Stylistically , Alter Echo continues in a similar heavier vein as Forward in Reverse , with GAFFA describing the songs as `` their slowest , longest and also heaviest to date '' , due to their metal and progressive influences . At the same time , in addition to the instruments of the power trio , orchestral and ambient arrangements play an increasingly dominant role .
Track listing
An instrumental version of the album , Alter Echo Instrumental , with remixed and newly mastered instrumentals of all tracks , was exclusively released on vinyl on 12 February 2021 , initially to a limited run of 600 copies , but later receiving a second pressing due to high demand . The cover art is a near-inverted version of the album 's visuals .
Singles and music videos
`` California Rain ''
`` In the Blood ''
`` The Middle ''
`` Amelia ''
`` California Rain '' and `` In the Blood '' were released as singles prior to the album 's release . The song `` The Middle '' was released on 18 September 2020 as a single , including music video . By public demand , the five-piece suite `` Amelia '' , totaling 23 minutes , was released as a single on 27 August 2021 . The music video premiered on 1 September 2021 at the Odense International Film Festival . It was made as a short film to visually tell the conceptual story told in `` Amelia '' , about a young woman seeking help from the wrong people to get them back on track in life , resulting in a slow descent into a fanatic cult . It was directed by Marc Louis Sutton and starring Angela Bundalovic . It among other things won `` Best rock music video '' at the Euro Music Video Song Awards ( February 2022 ) and `` Best music video '' at the 2022 San Francisco Indie Short Festival .
Personnel
Dizzy Mizz Lizzy
Tim Christensen – guitars , vocals , songwriter , producer , keyboards
Martin Nielsen – bass
Søren Friis – drums
Additional musicians
Rune Olesen - additional percussion
Production
Rune Nissen-Petersen - recording engineer
Jacob Hansen – mix engineer ( at Hansen Studio , Ribe , Denmark )
Svante Forsbäck – mastering ( at Chartmakers Audio Mastering , Helsinki )
Paul Wilson – cover art , art director
Jannick Boerlum – photography
Charts
References
2020 albums
Dizzy Mizz Lizzy albums
Sony Music Denmark albums
Cracker , crackers or The Crackers may refer to :
Animals
Hamadryas ( butterfly ) , or crackers , a genus of brush-footed butterflies
Sparodon , a monotypic genus whose species is sometimes known as `` Cracker ''
Arts and entertainment
Films
Crackers ( 1984 film ) , an American film starring Sean Penn
Crackers ( 1998 film ) , an Australian film
Crackers ( 2011 film ) , a Bollywood film
Music
Cracker ( band ) , an American rock band
Cracker ( album ) , the debut studio album by the American rock band Cracker , released on March 10 , 1992
Crackers ( song ) , a 1980 song by Barbara Mandrell
Crackers : The Christmas Party Album , an album by the British glam rock band Slade
The Crackers , a 1968 pseudonym of the band The Merseybeats
Television
Cracker ( British TV series ) , a television crime drama series
Cracker ( U.S. TV series ) , the U.S. remake of the British television series
Other uses in arts and entertainment
Crackers ( Captain Underpants ) , a comic book character
Cracker ( comic ) , a British children 's comic
People
Cracker ( term ) , a racial epithet , commonly a derogatory term for any person of white European descent
Computer cracker , a security hacker who maliciously exploits weaknesses in a computer or network
Software cracker , a person who uses reverse engineering to remove software copy protections
Safecracker , a person who breaks open safes , usually to rob them
Georgia cracker , 19th–20th century cattle drivers of the Georgia plains
Florida cracker , 19th–20th century cattle drivers of the Florida scrub regions
Places
Cracker , a mountain peak in Glacier National Park ( U.S. ) , Montana
Cracker ( benchmark ) , its benchmark summit
Other uses
Cracker ( food ) , a type of biscuit , usually salted or savoury
Cracker , an petrochemical industry component used for cracking
Christmas cracker , a traditional British Christmas toy or decoration
Operation Crackers , a British Commando raid during the Second World War
Atlanta Crackers , an American baseball team from Atlanta , Georgia
`` The Cracker , '' a railroad train of the Southern Railway operating from Atlanta to Valdosta
Cracker , a length of twine or string at the end of a whip that produces a cracking sound
Firecracker , commonly shortened to `` cracker '' in Indian English
See also
Atlanta Black Crackers , a professional baseball team which played in the Negro leagues
Cracking ( disambiguation )
Craker , a surname
David Arnold Relman is an American microbiologist and the Thomas C. and Joan M. Merigan Professor in Medicine , and in Microbiology & Immunology at the Stanford University School of Medicine . Their research focuses on the human microbiome and microbial ecosystem—for which they were a pioneer in the use of modern molecular methods , as well as on pathogen discovery and the genomics of host response .
Education
Relman was born in Boston , raised in Lexington , MA , and then moved to Philadelphia where they attended Germantown Friends School . They were an undergraduate at MIT and graduated in 1977 . They attended medical school at the Harvard Medical School and received an M.D . degree , magna cum laude in 1982 . They did their internship , residency , and a clinical infectious disease fellowship year at Massachusetts General Hospital . They completed their infectious diseases and microbiology research training as a postdoctoral fellow with Stanley Falkow at Stanford University . They began their independent career as a physician-scientist with a research focus in microbial pathogenesis and soon thereafter became interested in the discovery and identification of previously-unrecognized microbial pathogens . The problem of differentiating novel pathogens from normal microbiota , the diversity of the indigenous microbiota , and the relationship of the latter with human health and disease , formed the basis of their subsequent research career .
Academic career
Relman joined the faculty at Stanford University in 1994 and has remained there since . Their development of broad range small subunit rRNA gene amplification methods for revealing novel microbial pathogens led to the identification of several important previously-uncharacterized human pathogens , including the agents of bacillary angiomatosis and of Whipple 's disease . They were an early pioneer in the study of the human microbiome using these and other modern molecular methods , and published some of the first broad molecular surveys of the human oral and gut microbiota . Their current research seeks to elucidate the nature and basis of diversity , assembly , stability and resilience in the human microbial ecosystem , and their relationships with health and disease . Relman became the Thomas C. and Joan M. Merigan Professor at Stanford in 2009 .
Relman served as the science co-director of the Center for International Security and Cooperation at Stanford from 2013-2017 and they are currently a senior fellow at the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies and the Center for Innovation in Global Health . They serve as the Chief of Infectious Disease at the Veterans Affairs Palo Alto Health Care System . Relman has also served in a number of United States government advisory capacities , particularly on biosecurity issues .
Relman was elected a fellow of the American Academy of Microbiology in 2003 , a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 2010 , a member of the Institute of Medicine ( National Academy of Medicine ) in 2011 , and a member of the American Academy of Arts & Sciences in 2022 . They received the Pioneer Award ( 2006 ) and the Transformative Research Award ( 2013 ) from the National Institutes of Health . They have served as the president of the Infectious Diseases Society of America in 2012-13 , chair of the Forum on Microbial Threats at the National Academy of Medicine from 2007-2017 , and a member of the Committee on Science , Technology and Law from 2012-2015 at the National Academies of Science ( NAS ) . They are currently a member of the Intelligence Community Studies Board at NAS , the Science and Security Board of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists , and the Defense Science Board at the Department of Defense .
In 2019-20 , Relman chaired a committee of the U.S. National Academies of Sciences , Engineering , and Medicine that examined unexplained clinical signs , symptoms , and findings amongst personnel and their families working for the U.S. Department of State in Havana and in China . The committee concluded in its report that , `` Overall , directed pulsed RF energy ... appears to be the most plausible mechanism in explaining these cases among those that the committee considered '' but that `` each possible cause remains speculative '' and that `` the report should not be viewed as conclusive '' .
In 2020 , Relman called for an objective , dispassionate , and transparent investigation into the origins of COVID-19 and SARS-CoV-2 , noting that despite many strongly-worded opinions and assertions about the likelihood of various hypotheses , `` the 'origin story ' is missing many key details , including a plausible and suitably detailed recent evolutionary history of the virus , the identity and provenance of its most recent ancestors , and surprisingly , the place , time , and mechanism of transmission of the first human infection '' , and that natural and laboratory-associated `` spillover '' scenarios both remained plausible . They and colleagues in 2021 urged that greater clarity about the origins of the pandemic is necessary for anticipating the next pandemic and feasible .
Personal life
Relman is the son of the late Arnold `` Bud '' Relman , longtime editor of the New England Journal of Medicine .
Relman was a long-time volunteer for the Rock Medicine program organized by the Haight Ashbury Free Clinics , and served as its Chief Medical Officer for about a decade 2006 . In the 1990s they were featured on MTV for their work there , and they served as MTV 's medical correspondent from 1995 to 1997 .
References
External links
MicrobeWorld Interview with David Relman on the human microbiome
American microbiologists
Stanford University faculty
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
Harvard Medical School alumni
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
Living people
Germantown Friends School alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Thayetkon is a village in Banmauk Township , Katha District , in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma .
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
William Kingita Te Pohe Bush ( born 24 January 1949 ) is a former New Zealand rugby union player . A prop , Bush represented Canterbury at a provincial level , and was a member of the New Zealand national side , the All Blacks , from 1974 to 1979 . They played 37 matches for the All Blacks including 12 internationals .
In the 1996 Queen 's Birthday Honours , Bush was appointed a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit , for services to rugby .
References
1949 births
Living people
Rugby union players from Napier , New Zealand
People educated at Whakatane High School
New Zealand rugby union players
New Zealand international rugby union players
Canterbury rugby union players
Māori All Blacks players
Rugby union props
Members of the New Zealand Order of Merit
Lisha Kill is a hamlet in the town of Colonie , Albany County , New York , United States . Lisha Kill lies on New York Route 5 ( Central Avenue ) in the western section of the town . The hamlet received its name from the creek of the same name , Lisha Kill , kill being Dutch for creek or stream . The stream is also referred to as Lisha 's Kill and received its name from a local legend about a Native American woman who is buried along its banks .
History
Lisha Kill 's history is intimately tied to the creek of the same name . Originally called Lysiens Kill , local legend says Lisha 's Kill is named for a Native American woman who was buried along its banks . Some of the earliest settlers were of the Lansing family , a family long associated with nearby Albany , Cohoes , and Lansingburgh ; Jacob Lansing is considered the first to have settled in the area and John V.A . Lansing , another early settler , arrived in 1792 . Their house still stands and has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1985 . Henry O. Lansing owned a saw mill powered by water or steam from the Lisha Kill in 1875 . Several Lansings in the late 19th century were deacons , elders , and officers of the ( Dutch ) Reformed Church of Lisha 's Kill . Colonel Jon T. A. Lansing and their four sons owned four farms consisting of bounded by Central Avenue , and Lisha Kill , Lansing and Consaul roads , the Town of Colonie Golf Course is built on over half of this acreage .
The Albany and Schenectady Turnpike , built in 1799 , connecting those two cities ran through the middle of Lisha Kill and had a toll-gate here . The hamlet quickly became thickly settled and well developed in the 19th century . There was a blacksmithy , hotel , stores , a tavern run by Josiah Stanford ( father of California Governor Leland Stanford ) ; and a post office that was established in 1830 . Two school houses served the local children , Watervliet School House ( WSH ) 7 ( to the east on Consaul Road ) ; and WSH 8 ( in Stanford Heights ) . Today , the children of Lisha Kill attend Veeder Elementary School and Lisha Kill Middle School ( since 1959 ) east of the hamlet and then Colonie High as part of the South Colonie Central School District .
The residents of Lisha Kill for the most part were of Dutch ancestry and belonged to the Dutch Reformed Church , they worshiped at the Niskayuna Reformed Church until 1852 when they petitioned the Classis of Schenectady for their own church . This was granted and the Dutch Reformed Church of Lisha 's Kill began meeting in Watervliet School 8 until 1854 when a new church building was dedicated . The church still is in use as the second oldest Reformed Church in Colonie .
Geography
Lisha Kill is centered along Central Avenue ( NY Route 5 ) in the western part of Colonie , between the cities of Albany and Schenectady . Lisha Kill is also the name of a creek that runs perpendicular to Central Avenue .
Location
References
Colonie , New York
Hamlets in New York ( state )
Hamlets in Albany County , New York
Mikael Agopov ( born 5 March , 1978 ) is a Finnish-Armenian chess player . They were awarded the title of International master in 1999 . Their highest Elo- rating was 2465 ( in June 2015 ) and as of July 2021 , they are ranked Finland 's 5th best active player .
They have won the Finnish Chess Championship three times ; in 2011 , 2015 , and 2018 .
In 2013 , they shared the lead with Uladzislaŭ Kavaljoŭ in an international tournament in Viljandi dedicated to the 100th anniversary of Ilmar Raud .
References
1978 births
Living people
Finnish chess players
Armenian chess players
Finnish people of Armenian descent
Chess International Masters
The purple-throated fruitcrow ( Querula purpurata ) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae , the cotingas . It is the only species of the genus Querula . It is native to Nicaragua , Costa Rica , Panama , and most of the northern half of South America , its habitat being humid lowland forest where it feeds mainly on insects and fruit . It is a glossy black , medium-sized bird and the male has a purple-red throat patch . It nests in close vicinity with other birds of its species . Its population is in decline , but it is a common species with a very wide range , and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
Description
It is a stout medium-sized glossy-black bird . Males have a large purple-red upper throat patch , ( similar to the gorget of the hummingbirds ) , extending to the side of the neck . It has a short wide pointed grayish bill , black eyes , and gray legs .
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , French Guiana , Guyana , Peru , Suriname , and Venezuela ; also in southern Central America in Nicaragua , Costa Rica and Panama . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
The purple-throated fruitcrow ranges across northern South America , with populations west of the Andes cordillera extending into Central America to Nicaragua . It goes from the Guianas and Maranhão state , northeastern Brazil in the east , and throughout the Amazon basin to the Andes foothills in the west ; it is only absent in the Amazon Basin in the northeast and north central bordering the Guiana Highlands and southern Venezuela ; otherwise the range is contiguous east of the Andes . Its population trend is thought to be downwards but it is a common species with a very wide range and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
Behavior
Despite its name , the purple-throated fruitcrow feeds on insects as well as fruit , moving through the forest canopy in small chattering groups . It also nests colonially , with little attempt to hide the nests which are rendered more conspicuous by the noisy group of birds nearby .
References
External links
Purple-throated fruitcrow media . The Internet Bird Collection .
Purple-throated fruitcrow photo gallery . VIREO : Visual Resources for Ornithology . The Academy of Natural Sciences , Drexel University .
purple-throated fruitcrow
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of Colombia
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Amazon Basin
purple-throated fruitcrow
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
`` Thunder Kiss '65 '' is a song by American heavy metal band White Zombie , released in 1992 from the band 's third studio album , La Sexorcisto : Devil Music Volume One ( 1992 ) . The song was released as a single and was later included on compilations , such as Rob Zombie 's Past , Present & Future ( 2003 ) and The Best of Rob Zombie ( 2006 ) .
Actor lines are heard from the 1965 exploitation film Faster , Pussycat ! Kill ! Kill ! and are included in the song the lines read , `` You 're all shook up , are n't you baby ? '' and `` I never try anything ; I just do it . Wan na try me ? `` .
Reception
The single was released three times as a single before it gained the attention of Mike Judge and its video was aired on Beavis and Butt-head in 1993 . The popularity of the single resulted in White Zombie 's first Grammy nomination for Best Metal Performance later that year . In May 2006 , the song was ranked number 32 on VH1 's list , '40 Greatest Metal Songs ' .
A mix of the song was used by Extreme Championship Wrestling for their weekend syndicated show from 1994-1997 .
The song was used in the 2007 movie , Wild Hogs , starring Tim Allen , John Travolta , Martin Lawrence , and William H. Macy .
The song was used to introduce Puck in the original broadcast of the 1994 season of The Real World : San Francisco . Skip to 00:15 for song .
Music video
The song 's music video gained significant airplay on MTV . This helped greatly to increase the band 's popularity especially after having been played during the MTV animated series Beavis and Butthead on the episode `` Yogurt 's Cool '' . The video was directed by Juliet Cuming and features the band playing the song out in a desert with dancers and monsters . According to Rob , it is the lowest budgeted music video released by the band .
Releases
First single track listing ( 1992 )
`` Thunder Kiss '65 ( LP version ) '' - 3:54
`` Welcome to Planet Motherfucker/Psychoholic Slag ( LP version ) '' - 6:21
Second single track listing ( 1993 )
`` Thunder Kiss '65 ( Finger on the Trigger remix ) '' - 6:19
`` Welcome to Planet Motherfucker/Psychoholic Slag ( LP version ) '' - 6:21
`` Black Sunshine ( Indestructible `` Sock It to Me '' Psycho-Head mix ) '' - 4:58
`` Thunder Kiss '65 ( The Diabolical Ramrodder remix ) '' - 6:17
Charts
Notes
White Zombie ( band ) songs
1992 debut singles
1992 songs
Songs written by Rob Zombie
Geffen Records singles
This is a list of shipwrecks located in or around South America .
Argentina
Brazil
Chile
Ecuador
Falkland Islands
Galápagos Islands
Peru
Uruguay
Venezuela
References
Further reading
External links
the wreck of the San José . Royal Geographical Society of South Australia
WRECKSITE Worldwide database of + 65,000 wrecks with history , maritime charts and GPS positions ( subscription required )
South America
Shipwrecks
Hidden Fires ( ) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Einar Bruun and starring Alfons Fryland , Mary Nolan , and Lisa Deihle . It was made at the Emelka Studios in Munich .
Cast
References
Bibliography
External links
1925 films
German black-and-white films
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by Einar Bruun
German silent feature films
Films shot at Bavaria Studios
Bavaria Film films
1920s German films
Cybalomia cervinalis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae . It is found in India ( Punjab ) .
References
Moths described in 1908
Cybalomiinae
Alex M. Lee ( artist ) is an American and South Korean artist who works between Potsdam , NY and New York City , NY . They are Associate Professor of Communication and Media at the Digital Arts & Sciences Program at Clarkson University . Their work uses 3D animation , game engines and virtual reality to explore temporality , language , perception and human interpretation in our technological society . Their work has been presented at the Goethe Institut , SIGGRAPH , Toronto Digifest , anti-utopias amongst other international venues .
Background
Lee was born in Seoul , Korea in 1982 and grew up in America . They did their undergraduate and graduate degrees at The School of the Art Institute of Chicago , pursuing photography and digital imaging in the former and then Art & Technology in the latter .
Career
Machinic Vision , Selected Works : 2008-2010
Lee 's series , Machinic Vision , was featured in the anthology and textbook , `` Reframing Photography : theory and practice '' .
In a documentary video for the release of the textbook , Lee was invited to provide an overview of their series of their early works , which `` ... emancipates the image from real-world capture by rendering digital images exclusively with computer technology . '' according to Routledge .
The Sands ( 2017 )
In 2017 , Lee was part of a VR group show called The Sands at Essex Flowers , a storefront gallery on the Lower East Side of Manhattan . Reviewed critically by HyperAllergic and Smithsonian magazine , the virtual reality works were curated around the myth of an abandoned casino lying destitute from the bygone era of Fifties Vegas glory , and showcased a 1:1 replica of Essex Flowers venue with embedded digital artworks .
Everything from Here To Infinity ( 2017 )
“ Everything from Here to Infinity ” is an immersive virtual reality piece viewed on the Oculus headset , where Lee processes data of celestial objects from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey ( SDSS ) and re-renders them in a complex spatial universe of abstract expressionist paint strokes . It was most recently debuted at Digifest Toronto
Project H.E.A.R.T . ( 2018 )
In 2018 Lee collaborated with new media artist Erin Gee ( artist ) to produce an artistic video game , Project H.E.A.R.T . ( `` Holographic Empathy Attack Robots Team '' ) . It is presented as an installation on a desktop computer with an oculus headset and a biosensor on the user 's hand . The sensor would measure changes in their skin conductance and heart rate as they played the video game . Users are challenged to use their focus and empathy to support in-game soldiers ' morale in order to win , as opposed to enacting the typical violence in first-person shooter video games .
the Fold : Episode I ( 2020 )
In 2020 , Lee debuted their multi-episodic VR project , the Fold . It is a non-linear interactive film and VR-based art game involving rooms with doors containing a concept folding into other rooms with doors . Inspired by Jorge Luis Borges ' short story 'The Garden of Forking Paths ' , it is in the spirit of an 'escape the room ' concept which highlights the similarities and differences of technics as it relates to Western and Eastern philosophy . Episode I debuted at the Paris/Berlin Recontres Internationales in Paris and Berlin in 2022 after multiple delays and postponements due to the COVID-19 epidemic .
References
American artists
School of the Art Institute of Chicago alumni
Living people
1982 births
Clarkson University faculty
New media artists
Pink Erotic is a group of subscription based cable pay-TV adult entertainment television channels ( Pink Erotic 1 , Pink Erotic 2 , Pink Erotic 3 , Pink Erotic 4 , Pink Erotic 5 , Pink Erotic 6 , Pink Erotic 7 and Pink Erotic 8 ) owned by the Serbian company Pink Media Group .
Due to the lower costs of issuing broadcasting licenses , specialized cable TV channels are from April 2014 officially registered in Bosnia and Herzegovina . Pink package ( Pink paket ) is available in Western Balkan countries .
References
External links
Pink Media Group
Pink.rs
Pink BiH
RBA Serbia
Communications Regulatory Agency of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Pornographic television channels
Television stations in Serbia
Television stations in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Television channels in North Macedonia
Television channels and stations established in 2014
2014 establishments in Serbia
Jabin Sambrano ( born March 13 , 1990 ) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent . They played college football at Montana . They were signed by the Indianapolis Colts as an undrafted rookie free agent on April 30 , 2012 . They were signed to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers active roster on December 19 , 2012 . On December 23 , 2013 , they were signed the Jacksonville Jaguars ' practice squad . They were signed to the team 's active roster at the conclusion of the 2013 regular season . On March 5 , 2015 , Sambrano was assigned to the Los Angeles KISS . On May 20 , 2015 , Sambrano was traded to the Spokane Shock to complete the trade of Danny Southwick to the KISS . On October 16 , 2015 , Sambrano was assigned to the Portland Thunder .
References
External links
Montana bio
Indianapolis Colts bio
Jacksonville Jaguars bio
1990 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
African-American players of American football
Montana Grizzlies football players
Indianapolis Colts players
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
Los Angeles Kiss players
Spokane Shock players
Portland Thunder players
Portland Steel players
Sportspeople from Temecula , California
Players of American football from California
Utica Zoo is a regional zoo in Utica , New York , situated in a section of Roscoe Conkling Park .
History
The Utica Zoo was founded in 1914 with an initial collection of three fallow deer . The City of Utica owns the of zoo property , of which 40 is currently developed . The first permanent building was erected in 1920 . The City of Utica Parks Department managed the zoo until 1964 , when responsibility was transferred to a dedicated organization , currently known as the Utica Zoological Society . This organization was later chartered by the State of New York as an educational institution . The first professional zoo director was hired in 1966 . The City of Utica , despite owning the land , does not financially support the zoo . It is instead primarily funded by the Oneida County government , the New York State Natural Heritage Program , and fundraising by the zoo and private donors .
In 2000 , a metal sculpture of a watering can was obtained by the zoo . This sculpture is listed by Guinness World Records as the world 's largest watering can .
In 2004 , amid financial issues , the zoo was forced to defer maintenance on its facilities , and consequently lost accreditation from the Association of Zoos and Aquariums . The zoo began pursuing re-accreditation in 2011 after paying off its debts . The white-handed gibbon exhibit was noted as particularly outdated . between 2015 and 2018 , the zoo held fundraising campaigns to rehabilitate the primate building , and received grants from the state and county . After several years of planning and restructuring , the Utica Zoo was re-accredited by AZA in 2018 . Later in 2018 , the first outdoor portion of the primate exhibit was finished .
In 2011 , the zoo took in African lions named Bakari and Monni . Prior to their arrival , it had been 30 years since the zoo had lions . The two gave birth to three cubs , and were rehomed once the cubs reached maturity : the cubs still live at the Utica Zoo . In 2019 , the zoo 's white peacock Merlin was killed by a lion after it flew into their enclosure .
The zoo 's red panda couple gave birth to cubs in 2015 , as part of the Species Survival Plan for the endangered red pandas . In 2021 , both parents died , one of a lung infection and one of a gastrointestinal impaction .
In 2020 , the Utica Zoo acquired the Beaversprite nature sanctuary in Fulton County , New York .
In 2021 the zoo rehomed its California sea lions after determining the exhibit was too small for them to exercise freely .
Exhibits
As part of conservation programs , the Utica Zoo has housed Mexican wolves , red pandas , white-naped cranes , white-handed gibbons , Mexican spider monkeys , golden lion tamarins , golden-headed lion tamarins , California sea lions , prehensile-tailed skinks , collard peccaries and snowy owls . The Utica Zoo 's current collection includes :
Three-toed box turtle
African bullfrog
African crested porcupines
African hedgehog
African lions
African milipede
Alpacas
American bald eagles
Arctic fox
Argentine black and white tegu
Bactrian camels
Ball pythons
Barn owls
Bearded dragons
Bennett 's wallaby
Black-crowned night heron
Black swan
Hyacinth macaw
Blue-tongued skink
Brazilian flying cockroaches
Burmese pythons
California sea lions
Canadian lynx
Carpet python
Chickens
Chilean rose-haired tarantula
Chinchillas
Chinese alligators
Corn snake
Cotton-top tamarin
Degu
Eastern box turtles
Emu
European glass lizard
Ferrets
Flemish Giant rabbits
Gray-banded kingsnake
Giant spiny stick insect
Hartmann 's mountain zebra
Henkel 's leaf tailed gecko
Hermit crab
Hissing cockroaches
Indian peafowl
Indian Runner duck
Jacob sheep
Kenyan sand boa
Kinkajou
Leopard gecko
Leopard tortoise
Merlin
Mexican beaded lizards
Mexican gray wolves
Mexican spider monkeys
Milk snake
Nigerian Dwarf goats
North American beavers
North American porcupine
Virginia opossum
Ostriches
Patagonian cavy
Pine snake
Prehensile-tailed skink
Rabbits
Rainbow boa
Red-eared slider
Red fox
Red-tailed hawk
Reeves 's muntjac
Ring-tailed lemurs
Rhinoceros iguanas
Salmon-crested cockatoo
Soft shelled turtle
Spotted turtle
Snapping turtle
Star tortoise
Striped hyenas
Sulcata tortoises
Sumatra chicken
Trans-Caspian urial
Uromastyx
Vietnamese pot bellied pig
Western hognose snake
White-handed gibbon
White-naped crane
Whip scorpion
Wood turtle
Zebu
References
External links
Utica , New York
Zoos in New York ( state )
1914 establishments in New York ( state )
Zoos established in 1914
USS Caribou ( IX-114 ) , an Armadillo-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel , was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for the caribou . Them keel was laid down by the California Shipbuilding Corporation , in Wilmington , California , as Nathaniel B. Palmer under a Maritime Commission contract . They were launched on 2 November 1943 sponsored by Mrs. T. A. Gregory , acquired by the Navy on 25 November 1943 and commissioned the same day with Lieutenant Commander A. J. Nall in command , and reported to the Pacific Fleet .
Caribou stood out of Pearl Harbor on 10 February 1944 for Kwajalein and Eniwetok , where they served as station tanker until August , providing rear echelon support for the Fifth Fleet . Moving on to Manus , Caribou based there while fueling units at sea in support of operations in the Philippines until March 1945 . From May through July , they resumed station duty , this time at Mindoro , Manila , and Tacloban , closer to the swiftly moving American advance . Sailing to Ulithi , they carried oil to Leyte , then made a similar voyage to Guam . Caribou served from August to December in the Mariana Islands and at Iwo Jima .
On 2 December 1945 , Caribou cleared Guam for Norfolk , Virginia . There they were decommissioned on 3 May 1946 , and delivered to the War Shipping Administration for sale 6 May 1946 .
References
External links
Photo gallery at navsource.org
Liberty ships
Ships built in Los Angeles
Armadillo-class tankers
1943 ships
Maritime incidents in 1952
Joseph Hutton ( 18 November 1927 – April 1999 ) was a Scottish footballer who played in the English Football League for Gillingham , Millwall , Reading and Stoke City .
Career
Hutton was born in Dundee and began their career in England with Reading . They only made eight appearances for the `` Royals '' before going back to Scotland to play for Ayr United . They and Ayr team-mate Bobby Cairns joined Stoke City in 1953 . Hutton made an instant impact at the Victoria Ground scoring in their first three matches for the club . However Hutton was more of a creator than an out and out goal scorer but their Stoke career took at hit when they broke their leg against Blackburn Rovers on 19 March 1955 . They only made a few more appearances thereafter and left for Gillingham in 1957 . They spent the 1957–58 season with the `` Gills '' as they suffered relegation to the Fourth Division and they left for Millwall . After two seasons at Millwall they ended their career with non-league Poole Town .
Career statistics
Source :
References
External links
Scottish footballers
Stoke City F.C . players
Reading F.C . players
Gillingham F.C . players
Millwall F.C . players
English Football League players
1927 births
1999 deaths
Footballers from Dundee
Ayr United F.C . players
Scottish Football League players
Poole Town F.C . players
Association football inside forwards
Date of death missing
Pratval is a former municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden . On 1 January 2015 the former municipalities of Almens , Paspels , Pratval , Rodels and Tomils merged to form the new municipality of Domleschg .
History
Pratval is first mentioned in 1345 as Prau de Valle .
Geography
Before the merger , Pratval had a total area of . It is the smallest municipality in Graubünden . Of this area , 55 % is used for agricultural purposes , while 26.3 % is forested . Of the rest of the land , 17.5 % is settled ( buildings or roads ) and the remainder ( 1.3 % ) is non-productive ( rivers , glaciers or mountains ) .
The former municipality is located in the Domleschg sub-district , of the Hinterrhein district . It consists of the settlements of Gross- and Kleinrietberg , Rietbach , Mühle and Hof . All five settlements are located on a plateau east of the Hinterrhine river .
Demographics
Pratval had a population ( as of 2013 ) of 254. , 4.7 % of the population was made up of foreign nationals . Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -5.6 % .
, the gender distribution of the population was 44.0 % male and 56.0 % female . The age distribution , , in Pratval is ; 41 people or 17.1 % of the population are between 0 and 9 years old . 17 people or 7.1 % are 10 to 14 , and 14 people or 5.8 % are 15 to 19 . Of the adult population , 17 people or 7.1 % of the population are between 20 and 29 years old . 51 people or 21.3 % are 30 to 39 , 48 people or 20.0 % are 40 to 49 , and 15 people or 6.3 % are 50 to 59 . The senior population distribution is 16 people or 6.7 % of the population are between 60 and 69 years old , 13 people or 5.4 % are 70 to 79 , there are 8 people or 3.3 % who are 80 to 89 .
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SPS which received 41.9 % of the vote . The next three most popular parties were the SVP ( 27.6 % ) , the FDP ( 16.8 % ) and the CVP ( 6.9 % ) .
In Pratval about 84.4 % of the population ( between age 25-64 ) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education ( either university or a Fachhochschule ) .
Pratval has an unemployment rate of 0.14 % . , there were 15 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 4 businesses involved in this sector . 2 people are employed in the secondary sector and there is 1 business in this sector . 15 people are employed in the tertiary sector , with 5 businesses in this sector .
The historical population is given in the following table :
Languages
Most of the population ( ) speaks German ( 94.6 % ) , with Romansh being second most common ( 4.2 % ) and French being third ( 0.4 % ) .
References
External links
Official Web site
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Populated places disestablished in 2015
2015 disestablishments in Switzerland
Domleschg
Craig Duane Neal ( born February 16 , 1964 ) is an American basketball coach and former professional player who is currently the
associate head coach for the Nevada Wolf Pack of the Mountain West Conference ( MWC ) . They were selected by the Portland Trail Blazers in the third round ( 71st pick overall ) of the 1988 NBA draft , and played in the NBA and several minor leagues .
High school
Born and raised in Washington , Indiana , Neal played high school basketball at Washington High School , where their father Stan was head coach . Steve Alford would later employ Neal as an assistant coach . As a senior in 1983 , Neal earned all-American and all-state honors .
College playing career
In 1982 , Neal signed with the Georgia Institute of Technology ( Georgia Tech ) to play basketball under Bobby Cremins .
Neal played for the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets from 1983 to 1988 . Due to a season-ending injury , Neal played only four games in their sophomore season in 1984–85 and took a redshirt that year . As a senior in 1987–88 , Neal set the ACC single-season record with 303 assists while averaging a league-best 9.5 assists per game in addition to 7.7 points .
During Neal 's time at Georgia Tech , the Yellow Jackets made the 1984 NIT and subsequent NCAA Tournaments they 're following four years .
Professional playing career
In the 1988 NBA draft , the Portland Trail Blazers picked Neal in the third round , 71st overall . Neal began their basketball career playing for the Jacksonville Hooters of the USBL . In their rookie NBA season , Neal played 21 games for the Portland Trail Blazers before being waived on January 11 , 1989 . On February 3 , Neal signed as a free agent with the Miami Heat and played 32 games off the bench .
After playing in the CBA in the 1989–90 season , Neal returned to the NBA in 1990 as a free agent with the Chicago Bulls but was released before the regular season . On February 12 , 1991 , Neal signed with the Denver Nuggets . In 10 games , Neal averaged 12.5 minutes and 4.4 points before being waived on March 3 .
Neal later played for the Florida Jades of the World Basketball League in 1991 and was the Most Valuable Player in the 1991 WBL All-Star Game .
Neal served as a player and coach for the Fort Wayne Fury of the CBA in 1994–95 .
NBA scouting and coaching career
In 1996 , Neal joined the Toronto Raptors of the NBA as a scout before becoming an assistant coach for the team under Lenny Wilkens in 2000 . For three years , Neal coached the Raptors ' summer league team and led pre-draft workouts for prospects . In the 2003–04 season , Neal was a scout and player development assistant for the Raptors .
College coaching career
Iowa
In August 2004 , Craig Neal joined long-time friend and head coach Steve Alford at the University of Iowa . Iowa posted a 63-35 record while Neal was the associate-head coach , including consecutive trips to the NCAA Tournament . The Hawkeyes won 25 games in 2005-06 , the second highest total in school history . They also captured the Big Ten Conference tournament title , set a school record with 10 wins over top 25 opponents and ran off a school record 18-game winning streak in Carver-Hawkeye Arena , winning all 17 home games in 2005-06 .
New Mexico
On March 27 , 2007 , Craig Neal followed Steve Alford to New Mexico and became the associate head coach of the Lobos . In their first year at New Mexico , Craig Neal played an essential role in turning New Mexico into a competitive team . In addition , the Lobos made it into post season play in the NIT for the first time since 2005 . In 2010 and 2012 , New Mexico reached the NCAA tournament ( winning both opening round games ) . In 2013 , New Mexico reached the NCAA tournament as the number 3 seed , losing in the first round to 14th seed Harvard .
On April 2 , 2013 , New Mexico promoted Neal to head coach , after Alford left to take the head coaching position at UCLA . In Neal 's first season as head coach , New Mexico finished 27–7 , including 15–3 and second place in the Mountain West Conference . New Mexico beat San Diego State in the Mountain West Tournament , finished the season ranked 17th in the AP Poll , and earned an automatic bid to the NCAA tournament . As a 7 seed in the tournament , New Mexico lost in the Round of 64 to 10 seed Stanford .
However , New Mexico went 15–16 the following year and 17–15 in 2015–16 . In 2016–17 , New Mexico went 17–14 and marked the first time in the nearly 50-year history of The Pit that home attendance did not rank in the top 25 in Division I . By the end of the season , four players who had eligibility remaining decided to leave the program , including leading scorer Elijah Brown .
On March 31 , 2017 , New Mexico fired Neal 3 weeks after Lobos AD Paul Krebs announced that Neal would return next season . Acting university president Chaouki Abdallah stated : `` The decision made late tonight comes after lengthy consideration in light of recent developments that can not be ignored . ''
Head coaching record
Community service
Along with their basketball and coaching career , Neal founded the Craig Neal/Grant Delagrange benefit golf tournament in Fort Wayne , IN , with proceeds dedicated to schools for autistic and Down Syndrome children . In addition , while in Toronto Craig Neal was involved with the NBA 's Team Up community service program .
Family
They and their wife , Janet , have two sons , Cullen and Dalton . Basketball is strong in the Neal family . Craig 's younger brother Shane Neal lettered four seasons at the University of Tennessee-Chattanooga . They helped pace the Mocs to four straight Southern Conference championships and three straight berths in the NCAA Tournament . Their father Stan Neal was a collegiate standout at Ball State .
References
1964 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American men 's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Indiana
Basketball players from Indiana
College men 's basketball head coaches in the United States
Columbus Horizon players
Denver Nuggets players
Educators from Indiana
Fort Wayne Fury players
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets men 's basketball players
Iowa Hawkeyes men 's basketball coaches
Miami Heat players
Nevada Wolf Pack men 's basketball coaches
New Mexico Lobos men 's basketball coaches
People from Washington , Indiana
Point guards
Portland Trail Blazers draft picks
Portland Trail Blazers players
Rapid City Thrillers players
Shooting guards
Sportspeople from Muncie , Indiana
Toronto Raptors assistant coaches
Valencian regionalism is a cultural and political movement that advocates the revival of the identity ( language , history , traditions and other distinctive features ) of the region now within the Valencian Community in eastern Spain . Politically , the regionalists support the administrative decentralisation of the Spanish state and , for some , the recognition of Valencian foral law and increased autonomy for the Valencian Community . The movement emerged during the early years of the Bourbon restoration in the last third of the 19th century . It took political shape during the early 20th century , and persisted in a controlled and attenuated form through the Francoist State . After the restoration of democracy , the regionalist tendency was challenged by a Valencian nationalism with some left-wing and pan-Catalanist associations . Regionalism took on a right-wing and anti-Catalanist outlook which became known as Blaverism , and was represented politically by the Valencian Union until the absorption of that party into the People 's Party in 2011 .
Origins
After 1808 , supporters of Liberalism , who were very influential in the Valencian region , started to disseminate a new view of Spanish identity . Breaking with all previous conceptions , this view was of marked nationalist character : it was argued that the disappearance of the Kingdom of Valencia one hundred years before had initiated the development of ethno-symbolic markers among the Valencian people , shaped by a shared memory of uneven scope , a language different from the official one , and a common demonym— '' Valencian '' —which officially referred only to the inhabitants of the Province of Valencia as defined in the territorial division of Spain of 1833 . This was the context for the emergence of the basic features of what has been conceived as Valencian identity : features that have remained central to that identity up to the present day .
Valencian regionalism was inspired by the Catalan-language literary movement known as the Renaixença . In Valencia the movement was characterised by the predominance of an ideology that was conservative , regionalist and folklorical , values all represented by the figure of Teodor Llorente , the greatest literary exponent of the time and leader of the Renaixença movement . Llorente saw `` Valencianity '' ( la valencianidad ) from a regional perspective , subordinate to the idea of Spanish nationhood . Even though symbols of Valencian identity began to be constructed at the time of the Renaixença , the period at which the symbolism became more fixed was between 1878 ( with the foundation of the Valencian cultural society : es : Lo Rat Penat ) and 1909 ( with the Valencian Regional Exhibition ) , and this was when Valencian regionalism consolidated , its outlook becoming widespread among many groups in society .
Into the 20th century , Valencian regionalism started to become politicised , with the appearance of groups such as the : es : Joventut Valencianista ( `` Valencianist Youth '' ) and other collectives of young people who took Teodor Llorente and Lo Rat Penat as their point of reference . These movements came to be well regarded among conservative literary people , who themselves in time became engaged with the nascent political movement .
Derecha Regional Valenciana
The : es : Derecha Regional Valenciana ( `` Valencian Regional Right '' ) party was founded in 1930 , originating from a convergence of Carlist , agrarianist , Catholic and conservative groups . Its ideology was autonomist , and it was the first conservative political party active specifically in the Valencian region .
Its leaders included : es : José Duato Chapa ( founder of the : es : Diario de Valencia newspaper ) , : es : Manuel Simó Marín , : es : Ignasi Villalonga i Villalba and above all Luis Lucia . Lucia was condemned to death by Francoist Spain at the end of the Civil War , and the sentence was commuted to banishment to the Balearics only as a result of pressure from the Archbishopric of Valencia .
Valencian regionalism during the Francoist State
After the victory of the Nationalist faction in the Civil War , local rights were fairly thoroughly integrated into the structure of the new state . Within this process , the cultural symbolism of Valencian regionalism persisted to some extent within society , as the state found ways to exploit such symbolism . Thus , during the Francoist State , regionalism took on a reactionary and melancholic tone .
In the post-war period , most of the component parts of Valencianism , in the main linked to the political left , were exiled or persecuted . However , Lo Rat Penat was able to remain active , after ridding itself of Valencian nationalists such as : es : Xavier Casp and : es : Miquel Adlert , whose activities had been tolerated in view of their firm Catholicism . In 1943 the publishing house : es : Editorial Torre was founded : during the 1940s it was the only publisher in the Valencian language , operating under financially precarious and semi-clandestine conditions . Its publications were able to avoid the Francoist State 's censorship only because : es : Joan Beneyto , a conservative Valencianist within the state , held a post within the censorship office and allowed the few works published by Torre to pass without much interference .
Lo Rat Penat remained under the state 's control , focussing on folkloric activities , connected with Valencian festivals and with religion . At the end of the 1940 , it joined forces with a new Valencianist society which included : es : Carles Salvador , who ran courses in the Valencian language .
Post-Francoism regionalism and nationalism
When the Francoist State came to an end in the mid-1970s , the only Valencianist discourse that had persisted and spread was that of regionalism . Thus , most Valencians saw their identity represented in regionalist form ; this did not mean acceptance of Francoist political values , as evidenced by the victory of the left in the first democratic elections in what was then known as the Valencian country ( País Valenciano ) . During the period of transition to democracy the Valencian left was influenced by Valencian nationalist thinking , which , especially in the 1960s , had received a new impulse with contributions such as that of Joan Fuster , who represented a politically charged alternative view of regional identity . The two outlooks confronted each other at a moment in history known as the `` Battle of Valencia '' ( : es : Batalla de Valencia ) . The political struggle of that period between left and right for hegemony in the Valencian Community led the political right to treat the influential pan-Catalanist minority as a major opponent , mainly because pan-Catalanism appeared to be central to the political and cultural thinking of the left in the 1970s , which was then turning towards a Valencianist direction . From then on , the right was able to stigmatize and choke off the politically weak Valencian nationalist tendency , identifying it with pan-Catalanism , at the same time as it was successfully identifying Valencian regionalism with anti-Catalanism . Such was the origin of `` Blaverism '' , a markedly anti-Catalanist form of regionalism , which pursued linguistic separatism of Valencian from the rest of the Catalan language domain .
Blaverism and the Valencian Union
Blaverism ( Valencian : blaverisme ) is a regionalist political movement that arose at the end of the 1970s as a reaction against Valencian nationalism , more specifically against Joan Fuster 's version of it . The term `` blaverism '' , at first derogatory , comes from the blue ( Valencian : blava ) border of the flag of the Valencian Community , adopted as a symbol by regionalist and right-wing factions who in the end succeeded in having it made the official Valencian flag .
Blaverism was represented in politics mainly by the Valencian Union ( Unió Valenciana , Unión Valenciana ) , a conservative political party established in 1982 . With Vicente González Lizondo as its charismatic leader , this anti-Catalanist and regionalist party became the most prominent party whose activities were confined to the Valencian Community during the 1980s and 1990s . It won over 10 % of the vote in the regional elections of 1991 . Nevertheless , the Valencian Union harboured Valencian nationalist , liberal and even progressive minorities which brought about changes in party policies , especially during the term as party president of : es : Hèctor Villalba . During this period the party tried unsuccessfully to differentiate itself from the main Spanish conservative party , the People 's Party ( PP ) , which in the Valencian Community was itself adopting the Blaverist regionalist and anti-Catalanist line . In the next regional elections in 1999 the Valencian Union lost all its parliamentary seats , and during the latter half of the 1990s and the whole of the following decade many of its activists were absorbed into the PP . The party as a whole was finally merged into the PP before the regional elections in 2011 .
References
Sources
( in Valencian )
Lluís Oltra Català ( 2012 ) . Fonaments de la identitat territorial amb especial atenció a la identitat nacional . El cas valencià : discursos polítics sobre la identitat valenciana entre els militants de base del Bloc , EUPV i PSPV-PSOE . Doctoral thesis , University of Alicante .
Valencian nationalism
Jazz at the Philharmonic , or JATP ( 1944–1983 ) , was the title of a series of jazz concerts , tours and recordings produced by Norman Granz .
Over the years , `` Jazz at the Philharmonic '' featured many of the era 's preeminent musicians , including Louie Bellson , Ray Brown , Benny Carter , Nat King Cole , Sonny Criss , Buddy DeFranco , Harry `` Sweets '' Edison , Roy Eldridge , Herb Ellis , Ella Fitzgerald , Stan Getz , Dizzy Gillespie , Lionel Hampton , Bill Harris , Coleman Hawkins , J. C. Heard , Billie Holiday , Helen Humes , the Modern Jazz Quartet , Illinois Jacquet , J. J. Johnson , Hank Jones , Jo Jones , Barney Kessel , Kenny Kersey , Gene Krupa , Lou Levy , Meade Lux Lewis , Shelly Manne , Fats Navarro , Charlie Parker , Oscar Peterson , Flip Phillips , Buddy Rich , Charlie Shavers , Willie Smith , Sonny Stitt , Slim Gaillard , Clark Terry , Tommy Turk , T-Bone Walker , Ben Webster , Lee Young , Lester Young , and Trummy Young .
Concerts and tours
The very first concert was held on Sunday , July 2 , 1944 , at the Philharmonic Auditorium , Los Angeles , and featured Illinois Jacquet , Jack McVea , J. J. Johnson , Shorty Sherock , Nat King Cole , Les Paul , Johnny Miller , Meade Lux Lewis , Bumps Myers , Joe Sullivan , Buddy Rich , Randall Miller , Bud Hatch , Marie Bryant , Red Callender , Lee Young , and Carolyn Richards . Illinois Jacquet , Nat King Cole and Les Paul , in particular , created a sensation . The title of the concert had been shortened by the printer of the advertising supplements from `` A Jazz Concert at the Philharmonic Auditorium '' to `` Jazz at the Philharmonic '' . Norman Granz organized the concert with about $ 300 of borrowed money . Only one copy of the first concert program is known to exist .
Jazz tenor saxophonist Flip Phillips played at all the JATP concerts from 1946 to 1957 .
Norman Granz recorded many JATP concerts , and sold or leased ( from 1945 to 1947 ) the recordings to Asch/Disc/Stinson Records ( record producer Moses Asch 's labels ) . Later , from 1948 to 1953 , Granz leased the Jazz at the Philharmonic recordings to Mercury Records , and later issued/reissued them on Norgran ( founded 1953 ) , from 1953 on Clef ( founded 1946 ) , and from 1956 on Verve ( founded 1956 ) , which at the time , were their own labels .
In 1961 , Granz sold Verve ( which by then had absorbed the catalogues of their earlier labels , Clef Records and Norgran Records , as well as material previously licensed to Mercury Records ) to MGM Records for $ 3.1 million .
In the 1970s , Granz kept the spirit of the JATP alive on their much jam session style records for their Pablo label ( founded 1973 ) , also used for previously unissued JATP concerts . In 1987 , they sold Pablo to Fantasy Records .
The JATP concerts featured Swing and Bop musicians . They were among the first high-profile performances to feature racially integrated bands , and Granz cancelled some bookings rather than have the musicians perform for segregated audiences .
Tours
JATP Tours - USA and Canada ( 1945–1957 ) :
1st National Tour : Late Fall/Winter of 1945–46 .
2nd National Tour : Spring , 1946 .
3rd National Tour : Fall , 1946 .
4th National Tour : Spring , 1947 .
5th National Tour : Fall , 1947 .
6th National Tour : Spring , 1948 .
7th National Tour : Fall , 1948 .
8th National Tour : Spring , 1949 .
9th National Tour : Fall , 1949 .
10th National Tour : Fall , 1950 .
11th National Tour : Fall , 1951 .
12th National Tour : Fall , 1952 .
13th National Tour ( USA , Canada , Hawaii , Australia and Japan ) : Fall , 1953 .
14th National Tour : Fall , 1954 .
16th National Tour ( Note : the 15th National Tour , in the fall of 1955 , was renamed : 16th National Tour , just weeks before the start of the JATP Tour ) : Fall , 1955 .
17th National Tour : Fall , 1956 .
18th National Tour : Fall , 1957 .
JATP Tours - Europe ( 1952–1959 )
1st European Tour : Spring , 1952 .
2nd European Tour ( Only two concerts in the UK : London , March 8 at Gaumont State Kilburn ) : Spring , 1953 .
3rd European Tour : Spring , 1954 .
4th European Tour : Spring , 1955 .
5th European Tour : Spring , 1956 .
6th European Tour : Spring , 1957 .
7th European Tour ( 1st UK Tour ! ) : Spring , 1958 .
8th European Tour : Spring , 1959 .
After the JATP concerts in the fall of 1957 , `` Jazz at the Philharmonic '' ceased touring the United States and Canada ( with the exception of one final North American Tour in 1967 ) , but continued intermittently mainly in Europe and Japan until 1983 , with the last JATP concerts being performed in October , 1983 , in Tokyo , Japan .
Legacy
Recordings held by Verve Records of the first five years ( 1944–1949 ) of JATP have been issued in a Deluxe 10-CD Box Set .
The Jazz at the Philharmonic recordings were selected by the Library of Congress as a 2010 addition to the National Recording Registry , which selects recordings annually that are `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .
References
Jazz events
Music of California
Culture of Los Angeles
Downtown Los Angeles
.
1944 establishments in California
United States National Recording Registry recordings
Crimson Contagion was a joint exercise conducted from January to August 2019 , in which numerous national , state and local , private and public organizations in the US participated , in order to test the capacity of the federal government and twelve states to respond to a severe pandemic of influenza originating in China .
The simulation , which was conducted by the Department of Health and Human Services in a series of exercises that ran from January to August 2019 , involved a scenario in which a group of about 30 tourists returning from China spread a novel influenza A respiratory virus in the United States , beginning in Chicago . In less than two months the virus had spread from a single index case ( a 52 year-old man returning to Chicago ) to infect 110 million Americans ; 7.7 million patients would require hospitalization , and 586,000 people would die from the novel virus . The 70-page report issued at the conclusion of the exercise outlined the government 's limited capacity to respond to a pandemic . States experienced `` multiple challenges '' requesting resources from the federal government `` due to a lack of standardized , well-understood , and properly executed resource request processes , '' the report said . Federal agencies lacked the funds , coordination , and capacities to implement an effective response to the virus .
Scenario
Between January and August 2019 , Health and Human Services ( HHS ) , headed by Alex Azar , runs a simulation—code-named `` Crimson Contagion '' . In this `` Functional Exercise '' , participated the National Security Council , United States Department of Health and Human Services , United States Department of Agriculture , United States Department of Commerce , United States Department of Defense , United States Department of Energy , United States Department of Homeland Security , United States Department of Housing and Urban Development , United States Department of Interior , United States Department of Justice , United States Department of Labor , United States Department of State , United States Department of Transportation , United States Department of Treasury , between others State and Local organizations , public and private .
During the simulation , several tourists fall ill with a `` respiratory virus [ that ] began in China . . . [ and ] quickly spread around the world by air travelers . . . [ with ] high fevers . '' The virus spreads quickly throughout the world with the first detection in the United States occurring in Chicago ( the host city for the exercise ) . The simulated virus was dubbed `` H7N9 Influenza '' . Conduct of Crimson Contagion begins at a point 47 days after the first case is discovered in the United States . According to the results of the coordinating draft report , dated October 2019 , the Crimson Contagion simulation registers 110 million infected Americans , 7.7 million hospitalizations , and 586,000 fatalities .
Key findings
Federal government lacks sufficient funding to respond to a severe influenza pandemic .
Exercise participants lacked clarity on the roles of different federal agencies , and what information was important to pass on to federal partners .
HHS had issues providing accurate and relevant information to hospitals and other public health organizations .
Confusion between HHS , FEMA , and the Department of Homeland Security on which federal agency would take the lead in the crisis .
The United States lacks the production capacity to meet the demands for protective equipment and medical devices such as masks and ventilators imposed by a pandemic .
States were unable to efficiently request resources due to the lack of a standardized request process .
State participants
Arizona
Colorado
Connecticut
Idaho
Illinois
Massachusetts
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Mexico
New York
Pennsylvania
South Carolina
References
External links
Crimson Contagion 2019 US Department of Health and Human Services Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response
Disaster preparedness in the United States
Pandemics
2019 in the United States
Fernando Gomes may refer to :
Fernando Gomes ( politician ) , Guinea-Bissau 's Interior Minister
Fernando Gomes ( Portuguese footballer ) ( born 1956 ) , former Portuguese footballer
Fernando Gomes ( Brazilian footballer ) ( born 1988 ) , Brazilian footballer
Fernando Gomes ( football administrator ) ( born 1952 ) , President of the Portuguese Football Federation
Fernando Gomes ( sport shooter ) ( born 1954 ) , Brazilian sports shooter
See also
Fernando Gómez ( disambiguation )
Otindi is a settlement in Etayi Constituency , Omusati Region , Namibia . In 2011 , 44 homesteads in the village were evacuated after heavy rain flooded the area . A police officer in Oshakati who lived in Otindi said of the flooding , `` The whole area is underwater , making it difficult for the people to prepare food . Our property has been destroyed , including our food . We have nothing left ; we look upon our government to help us '' .
References
Populated places in the Omusati Region
Mekmen Ben Amar ( Arabic : مكمن بن عمار ) is a municipality in Naâma Province , Algeria . It is the district seat the district of Mekmen Ben Amar and has a population of 3,658 , which gives it 7 seats in the PMA . Its postal code is 45120 and its municipal code is 4510 .
Populated places in Naâma Province
George Milner Tozaka OBE , better known as Milner Tozaka , ( born 21 October 1951 ) is a Solomon Islands diplomat and politician .
Education
After attending the Malanguna Technical College in Papua New Guinea in 1968-1969 , they briefly studied at the University of Papua New Guinea in 1970-1971 . They later resumed their studies and obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of the South Pacific in Fiji in 1992 , followed by a Postgraduate Diploma in Management and Sociology from the same university the following year .
Career
They entered government administration in the 1980s , serving as the chairperson of the National Disaster Council from 1984 to 1985 . In 1988 , they began work as a consultant , first for the Public Service Reform Programme , then at the Ministry of Provincial Government . They were appointed chairperson of the Provincial Government Review Committee in 1999 .
In June 1996 , they were appointed an Ordinary Officer of the Civil Division of the Order of the British Empire , by the Queen of the Solomon Islands Elizabeth II , `` for public service '' .
In 2000 , they were appointed High Commissioner for the Solomon Islands to Australia , a position which they held until 2005 . Upon their return to the Solomons , they entered politics , standing as an independent candidate in the North Vella Lavella constituency at the April 2006 general election . They were elected , and appointed Minister for Public Service in Prime Minister Snyder Rini 's short-lived government from April to May . They then served in opposition , until Derek Sikua became Prime Minister in December 2007 , whereupon they regained their position as Minister for Public Service . As Minister , they oversaw the Public Service Improvement Programme in coordination with the Australian-led Regional Assistance Mission to the Solomon Islands . The programme , they said , would `` streamline government recruitment , develop a code of conduct for all government workers and provide public servants with the tools to improve public services '' .
They were returned to Parliament in the August 2010 general election , this time representing the People 's Alliance Party . ( He saw off five candidates , obtaining 1,225 votes , and a 143-vote lead over their closest opponent . ) They were appointed Shadow Minister for Foreign Affairs and External Trade and Shadow Minister for Justice and Legal Affairs in Opposition Leader Steve Abana 's Shadow Cabinet .
In November 2011 , when Prime Minister Danny Philip lost their parliamentary majority and resigned , Tozaka was the Opposition 's candidate to replace him , standing against Gordon Darcy Lilo , a recently sacked government minister . They lost to Lilo , and remained on the Opposition benches .
On 15 December 2014 , following a general election , Tozaka was appointed Minister for Foreign Affairs and External Trade by new Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare . Tozaka retained their appointment as Foreign Minister following the replacement of Sogavare by Rick Houenipwela on 15 November 2017 and a subsequent cabinet reshuffle .
See also
List of foreign ministers in 2017
List of current foreign ministers
References
1951 births
Living people
Members of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands
High Commissioners of the Solomon Islands to Australia
People from the Western Province ( Solomon Islands )
Government ministers of the Solomon Islands
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
University of the South Pacific alumni
Foreign Ministers of the Solomon Islands
Sigmund Hemmel ( 1520–1565 ) was a German composer , tenor , and Kapellmeister in Stuttgart , Württemberg . They were said to have used a `` large polished slate stone for composing . '' They were director of the Hofkapelle Stuttgart from 1552 to 1554 . They are perhaps best known for their Das Ganz Psalter Davids , a `` collection of four-voiced settings of chorales with melody in the tenor voice according to the old custom '' published posthumously by Osiander in Tübingen in 1569 .
References
1520 births
1565 deaths
German classical composers
Musicians from Stuttgart
16th-century German people
Renaissance composers
German male classical composers
The Galata gas field is a natural gas field located on the continental shelf of the Black Sea approximately 25km Southeast of Varna , Bulgaria ( Latitude 43.04456° / Longitude 28.19323° ) . The field was the first to be developed offshore Bulgaria , and at peak production provided more than 16 % of Bulgaria 's domestic gas needs , the platform and associated infrastructure is still the only production facility located in the Bulgarian Black Sea .
Discovery
Gas was discovered in the Late Cretaceous / Late Paleocene calcarenite reservoir in 1993 by Texaco and its JV partners ( Texaco 20 % - Operator , Enterprise 20 % , OMV 10 % and the remaining 50 % was held by the State ( Bulgarian Committee of Geology and Mineral Resources ) ) .
The discovery well Galata 1 was drilled using the Ocean Liberator semi submersible drilling rig . The well flowed at per day through a choke . This was the first offshore commercial gas discovery in Bulgaria .
Later the same JV further appraised the field with the Galata 2 well and Bogdanov East 1 well . The field was later developed by the UK company Melrose Resources plc .
Development
Melrose Resources plc acquired its initial interests in Bulgaria through the acquisition in 1998 of Petreco S.A.R.L . whose interests included the undeveloped Galata discovery .
The development of the field required considerable capital investment by Melrose Resources plc ( supported by the IFC ) to construct the necessary onshore and offshore infrastructure of which there was none in Bulgaria . The majority of the development project work was undertaken in 2003 and 2004 . This included :
The construction of the Galata production platform in Varna , Bulgaria . The platform was then transported to the field location by barge and installed at the location 25km offshore ( a tripod platform with 3 pile driven legs and 3 open grated floors ) holding the GP-1 and GP-2 wellheads ;
The drilling of 2 production wells ( GP-1 and GP-2 ) into the gas reservoir using the Ukrainian jack up rig Tavrida cantilevered above the Galata production platform ;
A 20km offshore pipeline to transport the gas from the Galata platform to the beach landing south of Varna ;
An onshore processing plant ( OPP ) located South of Varna near the beach landing to receive the produced gas and remove both water and heavier hydrocarbons to bring the gas to sales quality . Later onshore compressors were added at the OPP to maximise the potential gas recovery from the reservoir ;
A 70km onshore pipeline crossing a number of roads and mainly agricultural land of varying gradient ;
A metering station near Provadia to measure the quantity and quality of the gas at the sales point into the National Transmission System ( NTS ) operated by Bulgartransgaz .
Production from the Galata gas field commenced in June 2004 once all the infrastructure was in place and fully commissioned .
Production and Reserves
The total proven reserves of the Galata gas field prior to production was around . At peak production the field provided more than 16 % of Bulgaria 's domestic gas needs with production rates up to per day .
In order to maximise gas recovery from the field onshore compression was required as the reservoir pressure declined through production . A first compressor was installed in January 2006 with a second one installed in the autumn of 2007 , both were located at the onshore process plant ( OPP ) . The Melrose Resources plc Annual Report 2007 stated `` the compressor , which has been synchronized with the existing production facilities , will facilitate the recovery of the field 's booked proved plus probable reserves and take the ultimate recovery to an estimated 74 Bcf '' .
In January 2009 the field was shut-in with Melrose exploring the option of converting the field to gas storage making some `` low cost modifications '' and seeking approvals . In 2012 , Petroceltic ( Melrose was acquired in 2012 by Petroceltic ) reported in its Annual Report that pressure surveys had indicated gas was `` migrating from remote areas of the structure '' and production was recommenced .
In March 2017 ( following the acquisition of Petroceltic by Worldview Capital Management ) a water knockout system was installed on the Galata platform to `` allow for further production enhancements '' .
Satellite Fields
Three additional satellite fields located to the East of the Galata gas field were discovered by Melrose between 2007 and 2010 . These were the Kaliakra gas field discovered in 2007 , the Kavarna gas field discovered in 2008 and the Kavarna East gas field discovered in 2010 . The Kaliakra and Kavarna fields were developed and brought on production on 4 November 2010 utilising subsea wells and tie back gathering pipelines that connect to the Galata production platform and infrastructure . The utilisation of subsea well technology on these two field developments was a first in the Western Black Sea . The Kavarna East field has not yet been developed .
Operator
The current operator of the field is Petroceltic who merged with Melrose Resources Plc in 2012 . Petroceltic was acquired by Worldview Capital Management , a Cayman Island-based financial fund in June 2016 .
References
Black Sea energy
Natural gas fields in Bulgaria
Philip Delves Broughton is a British journalist and author known for their business journalism , such as in their books Ahead of the Curve ( 2008 ) , and The Art of the Sale ( 2012 ) .
Biography
They have written four books . They were born in Dacca , Bangladesh , where their father worked as a Church of England missionary and their mother spent four years after leaving Burma with their family following the 1962 Burmese coup d'état . They grew up in England , received their BA in Classics from Oxford University and their MBA from Harvard Business School .
Journalism
From 1994 to 2004 they were a newspaper journalist . From 1998 to 2002 , they were New York City correspondent for The Daily Telegraph of London , and covered the 9/11 attacks and their aftermath . From 2002 to 2004 they were the Telegraph 's Paris Bureau Chief . They left daily journalism in 2004 to go to Harvard .
Subsequently they have been a columnist for The Financial Times and The Evening Standard and writes regularly for The Wall Street Journal , The Spectator and The Oldie
Books
Ahead of the Curve 2008 .
What They Teach You At Harvard Business School 2008 .
The Art of the Sale 2012 .
Charlie Whistler 's Omnium Gatherum 2016 ( Children 's Book ) .
How to Think Like an Entrepreneur 2016
References
External links
Personal site – https : //philipdelvesbroughton.com
Twitter – https : //twitter.com/delvesbroughton
British journalists
Harvard Business School alumni
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
A Virtual Valve Amplifier ( VVA ) is software algorithm designed and sold by Diamond Cut Productions , Inc. for simulating the sound of various valve amplifier designs . It can be found within their DC8 and Forensics8 software programs .
A VVA can be used to color the sound of a digital recording by adding `` tube-warmth '' or `` fat-bass '' in addition to adding subtle harmonics to enhance very old or muffled recordings . The algorithms behind a VVA are based on real vacuum tube circuits and non-linearities , mathematically simulating the large-signal transfer functions of various vacuum tubes and output transformers found in amplifier designs . A majority of this data was originally derived from extensive bench measurements on real vacuum tube amplifier circuits under varying operating conditions by engineers Craig Maier and Rick Carlson in the early 1990s . A VVA is a direct mathematical reconstruction of the same signal passing through a physical electron tube amplifier . The VVA algorithm can be found in the Diamond Cut DC8 and DC Forensics8 software packages . It is also sold as a VST plug-in .
Basic operating parameters
VVA designs generally include a number of parameters that may be configured to change the sound and operating characteristics of the amplifier design :
Operating point
Historically referred to as the `` Q '' or bias point by engineers , the operating point of a vacuum tube is a condition generally fixed by the amplifier manufacturer . In general , the operating point determines the device 's bias value at zero signal input and determines the distribution of harmonics introduced into the output of the amplifier . Tubes that operate with a higher operating point close to cutoff give more `` headroom '' , enabling greater volume gains to be applied before signal degradation in the form of `` breakup '' or saturation results . By contrast , a lower operating point introduces more harmonic distortion into the final output as a result of the different non-linearity distribution near cut-off as compared to operation in the nominally linear portion of the characteristic . Some guitar amplifiers are designed to produce this type of distortion as its sound effect is considered desirable .
Drive
This describes how loudly the `` physical '' equivalent of the virtual valve amplifier is set . However , the output level of a VVA generally remains constant independent of drive due to internal gain compensation algorithms . Instead , the drive determines the amount of distortion that can be introduced into the output signal . As such , the Drive of a VVA describes the degree of modulation applied to a given vacuum tube amplifier circuit centered about the set operating point . The higher the drive level setting , the greater will be the production of predominantly even order harmonics due to the circuit 's asymmetrical non-linearity . As a result , the VVA `` effect '' increases with increasing drive .
Common vacuum tube types
Triode 12AX7/ECC83
This is a high-mu dual triode that is generally incorporated into an RC coupled class A audio pre-amplifier configuration and its design is optimized to minimize harmonic distortion . This vacuum tube is still the industry standard pre-amplifier valve . It has a relatively flat linear operating region in the middle of its dynamic operating range , producing relatively lower levels of distortion compared to some of the other devices listed here . But , by moving the Operating Point to either the saturation or cutoff extreme , more `` tube-warmth '' effect can be produced by this device . Some VST effects emulate this tube .
Triode 12AT7/ECC81
The 12AT7 high-mu dual triode was designed primarily for RF mixing applications where it was incorporated into the oscillator/mixer stage and used to heterodyne incoming RF signals with the local oscillator to create an intermediate frequency in TV and FM sets . Thus , it is intentionally designed to be extremely non-linear . Thus , circuits based around the 12AT7 exhibit a larger degree of non-linearity throughout the entire dynamic operating range , including the middle . As a result , it produces greater even-order harmonic distortion ( less objectionable than odd-order distortion ) .
Triode 12AU7/ECC82
The 12AU7 is a medium-mu dual triode often found in the driver / phase inverter stage of a push-pull power amplifier and also results in significant non-linearity in the middle of its dynamic operating curve .
Pentode 6EJ7
The 6EJ7 pentode and its equivalents are often found in high-gain vacuum tube microphone amplifiers which require the sharp cutoff of a pentode . It generally produces a very pleasant `` tube-warmth '' effect when the operating point is properly set . This device is the same as the European type EF183 .
Pentode 6267/EF86
The 6267 / EF86 pentode was a vacuum tube well suited for use in low-level pre-amplifiers where low noise and minimal microphonics were important . Its high-gain characteristics and family of operating curves make for useful harmonic distortion and signal compression properties .
Common vacuum tube amplifier types
Circuits may be `` single-ended '' , using a single output device ( or several connected in parallel ) , or `` push-pull '' , using paired devices configured to cancel out even-order distortion products and reduce output transformer magnetisation . Bias of a push-pull amplifier may be set to make both sides conduct at all times ( amplifier class A ) , to make only one side conduct at a time ( class B ) , or intermediate ( class AB ) . Class A uses more power for the same output ( i.e. , is less efficient ) , can produce less output power from the same devices , and produces lower distortion , than classes AB and B .
2-Stage Class A
These devices generally consisted of a 12AU7 medium-mu triode driving a single 6L6GC beam power pentode audio output valve or similar . Its effects are distinctive due to convolution of the non-linearity of the triode interacting with those of the pentode , with both devices operating in class-A mode . The 6L6GC is similar in performance to the industrial type 5881 , and also the European type KT66 .
2-Stage Class AB
Often consisting of a 12AU7 phase inverter / driver , pushing a pair of 6L6GC beam power pentodes . The symmetrical push-pull circuit cancels out and reduces even-order distortion products compared with a single-ended circuit . The operating point is hard-wired and can not be adjusted .
2A3 push-pull
Also known as a `` retro–triode '' amplifier , it was invented in the 1930s and incorporated a directly heated cathode resulting in a high power output . It was often used in theatrical applications and public address systems . This vacuum amplifier typically exhibits a more linear output transfer characteristic than its pentode push-pull counterpart and as a result produces a characteristic clean sound . The particular devices used to create the 2A3 VVA models were of the `` dual–plate '' variety taken from unused stock manufactured for the military by RCA Victor in 1953 . This configuration is favoured by many jazz musicians including Les Paul who reportedly used this amplifier configuration to cut all the records made from their home studio .
2A3 single-ended
This is a single ended class A vacuum tube power amplifier implemented using the 2A3 power triode . It exhibits reasonably good linearity with dominant even distortion products .
Vacuum tube exciter
Because of the non-linear properties and distortion products of vacuum tubes and their associated amplification circuits , they are useful in the simulation of a vacuum tube rectifier ( 6X4 ) to produce harmonics . Asymmetry between the positive- and negative-going transfer function establishes the relationship between the degree of even and odd harmonics produced .
See also
Tube sound
References
Valve amplifiers
, is a live compilation album by Japanese musician Ringo Sheena . It was released on their 15th anniversary on November 13 , 2013 , alongside a collaborations compilation album called Ukina . The album consists of recordings taken from Sheena 's solo concert DVDs released between 2000 and 2008 , as well as material from the NHK music television show Songs in 2009 .
Background and development
Mitsugetsu-shō was released as a part of Ringo Sheena 's 15th anniversary celebrations . Sheena previously celebrated their 5th and 10th anniversaries : for their 5th anniversary in 2003 , they held the Sugoroku Ecstasy tour and released their `` Ringo no Uta '' single . For their 10th in 2008 , they released the B-side compilation album Watashi to Hōden , performed the Ringo Expo 08 series of concerts and released the Mora album box set .
In 2012 , Sheena 's band Tokyo Jihen released a live compilation album Tokyo Collection , compiling live recordings from seven different concerts . This was a part of the band 's farewell releases , including the B-side collection album Shin'ya Waku and the box set Hard Disk ( 2013 ) .
Mitsugetsu-shō was released alongside Ukina , a collaboration album featuring works from other musicians ' albums that Sheena contributed to . Also released on that on November 13 were The Sexual Healing Total Care Course 120min . and Live , two box sets compiling all of their visual media . Many of their previous live DVDs were also re-released on Blu-ray on the same day : Gekokujō Xstasy ( 2000 ) , Hatsuiku Status : Gokiritsu Japon ( 2000 ) , Baishō Ecstasy ( 2003 ) , Electric Mole ( 2003 ) , Zazen Extasy ( 2008 ) and Ringo Expo 08 ( 2009 ) .
Production
Songs were taken from ten different concerts between 2000 and 2009 , mostly those already released on DVD or Blu-ray . Three songs were taken from Gekokujō Xstasy , recorded at the NHK Hall in Tokyo on April 26 , 2000 . One song was taken from their Gokiritsu Japon tour as a member of List of bands associated with Ringo Sheena # Hatsuiku Status , held on July 8 , 2000 at the Shinjuku Liquid Room in Tokyo . Three songs were recorded at the Kaho Gekijō in Iizuka , Fukuoka on July 30 , 2000 as a part of their one night only Zazen Extasy concert , which was released on DVD in 2008 . One song was recorded at the Kudan Kaidan in Tokyo at their Baishō Ecstasy concert on May 27 , 2003 . Two songs were taken from their Sugoroku Ecstasy tour performance at the Nippon Budokan on September 27 , 2003 , released on their Electric Mole DVD . Two songs were taken from their Dai Ikkai Ringo-han Taikai no Moyō DVD that included two different concerts as a part of their Dai Ikkai Ringo-han Taikai : Adults Only events . From the DVD , `` Meisai '' was recorded in early December 2005 at the Yebisu Garden Place in Ebisu , Shibuya , Tokyo , and performed with Neko Saito , while `` Ringo no Uta '' was a collaboration with singer-songwriter Kiyoshi Hasegawa and their granddaughter Maki , and recorded in late December 2005 at Daikanyama Unit , also in Ebisu . Two songs were taken from Ringo Expo 08 , performed at the Saitama Super Arena on November 30 , 2008 . Two songs were taken from the NHK television show Songs , that Sheena had performed four song sets consecutively for two weeks in 2009 . `` Ariamaru Tomi '' was taken from the June 24 , 2009 broadcast , and `` Mittei Monogatari '' from July 1 , 2009 .
Only six of the songs picked for the album were released as singles by Sheena . Four songs come from their debut album Muzai Moratorium ( 1999 ) , three from Shōso Strip ( 2000 ) , three from Kalk Samen Kuri no Hana ( 2003 ) , one from Heisei Fūzoku ( 2007 ) and one from Sanmon Gossip ( 2009 ) . Additionally , `` Aozora '' was a B-side for their 1999 single `` Honnō '' and `` Kon'ya Dō '' was a Hatsuiku Status song that never had a studio recording released . `` Ringo no Uta '' ( 2003 ) and `` Ariamaru Tomi '' ( 2009 ) were released as singles , however do not currently make appearances on any of Sheena 's studio albums ( however a self-cover by Sheena 's band Tokyo Jihen of `` Ringo no Uta '' was released on their debut album Kyōiku ( 2004 ) ) .
Promotion and release
Several days after the album 's release , Sheena held a series of concerts at the Orchard Hall in Tokyo called on November 18 , 19 , 20 , 25 and 26 . Two additional concerts for Sheena 's fanclub called were held on November 28 and 29 at the Hamarikyu Asahi Hall in Tokyo . The November 29 concert was broadcast simultaneously on website Livespire , as well as at 80 movie theaters across Japan .
Unlike Ukina , Mitsugetsu-shō was not released in other territories such as Taiwan , South Korea or Hong Kong . However , it was released as a digital download to iTunes .
Chart reception
The album debuted at number 6 on Oricon 's albums chart , selling 15,000 copies . After charting in the top 300 for eight weeks , the album sold a total of 25,000 copies . It sold 10,000 copies less than Ukina , a collaborations album released on the same day , and 37,000 copies less than Tokyo Collection , which was released in 2012 .
Critical reception
Critical reception was positive for Mitsugetsu-shō . CDJournal reviewers called their vocals `` heartfelt and intense , '' and believed their voice `` transcended time '' and felt the same no matter if it was band-backed or orchestra-backed . Sayako Oki from Skream ! believed it was satisfying to hear the live arrangements , live singing and natural breathing found on the disc . They felt it was a suitable release for Sheena 's 15th anniversary .
Track listing
Chart rankings
Charts
Sales and certifications
Release history
References
2013 compilation albums
2013 live albums
Ringo Sheena albums
Japanese-language albums
Onze sambas e uma capoeira is the first album by the samba composer Paulo Vanzolini . Released in 1967 , it contains some successes of the composer , like 'Ronda ' and 'Volta por cima ' , already recorded before by other artists . It counts with the participation of many artists , like Chico Buarque , Adauto Santos and Mauricy Moura , as singers , and Toquinho and Antônio Pôrto Filho , as arrangers .
Track listing
Personnel
Antonio Pecci Filho ( Toquinho ) - arrangement
Antônio Pôrto Filho ( Portinho ) - arrangement
References
1967 albums
Paulo Vanzolini albums
Samba albums
Elizabeth Adare ( born 3 June 1949 in Newcastle upon Tyne , Northumberland ) is a currently practising child psychologist but is better known as an English actor and television presenter during the 1970s and 1980s .
Them most prominent role was as Elizabeth in the 1970s science fiction television series The Tomorrow People . Other TV credits include : Mind Your Language ( `` An Inspector Calls '' ) , Crossroads , Within These Walls , Rising Damp , Angels , Father Dear Father , The Expert , Enemy at the Door , The Setbacks and Rumpole of the Bailey .
Career
Elizabeth Adare was born in 1949 in Newcastle upon Tyne , Northumberland , England , of African immigrant parents from Sierra Leone where they were brought up until 1957 . Always wanting to follow their family tradition of becoming a school teacher , they took up acting as a hobby before attending the Mountview Drama School . They made their stage debut in Zigger Zagger in 1967 with the National Youth Theatre . They worked in repertory theatre in Glasgow and Coventry and also with the National and Young Vic Theatres .
Adare had many walk-on parts and other small roles in television before featuring in an episode of The Expert for the BBC in 1971 . Most notably they appeared in the science-fiction stage play `` Time Sneeze '' and in the feature films Father , Dear Father ( 1973 ) and A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square ( 1979 ) .
In 1973 , they landed the part of Elizabeth M'Bondo in the series The Tomorrow People which ran until 1979 and it became their most famous role . Adare also appeared in Within These Walls for London Weekend TV as well as 11 episodes of Crossroads . After The Tomorrow People series ended in 1979 , Elizabeth hosted About Books for Thames TV .
In 1983 , Elizabeth Adare quit acting to settle down with their husband and child , took a new career as a child therapist and they now works as the head of a busy social services department in central London .
External links
1949 births
Living people
English television actores
English television presenters
Black British actores
Child psychologists
English people of Sierra Leonean descent
English stage actores
20th-century English actores
People from Newcastle upon Tyne
Edris Saint-Amand ( born 26 March 1918 ; died 9 february 2004 ) was a Haitian novelist . Born in Gonaïves , one of Saint-Amand 's most notable novels is Bon Dieu Rit ( 1952 ) .
References
1918 births
2004 deaths
20th-century Haitian novelists
Haitian male novelists
People from Gonaïves
20th-century male writers
Ringgenberg Castle is a castle in the municipality of Ringgenberg of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
History
The rocky heights above Brienz Lake were first occupied and fortified by the Late-Bronze Age .
During the Middle Ages , the land around the castle was owned by the Barons of Brienz and Raron . Around 1231 , they moved to Ringgenberg village and soon thereafter into the castle . Ringgenberg Castle was probably built in several stages during the 12th century . It first appears in the historical record in 1240 .
During the 13th century , the Counts of Ringgenberg expanded their power , often at the expense of Interlaken Abbey . The ruin of the estate began in the time of Philipp von Ringgenberg ( 1351–1374 ) . In 1351 part of the estate was sold to the Abbey . In 1381 Ringgenberg castle was burnt and plundered by troops from the Canton of Uri , and Count Petermann von Ringgenberg was taken in chains to Obwalden . In 1386 , the castle and lands were assigned to Bern . However , the city lacked the funds to rebuild the burned castle , and in 1411 and 1439 parts of the castle and village were sold to Interlaken . A few years later , in 1445 , Bern reacquired the land but lost it again in 1457 .
In 1528 , the city of Bern adopted the new faith of the Protestant Reformation and began imposing it on the Bernese Oberland . Ringgenberg joined many other villages and the Abbey in an unsuccessful rebellion against the new faith . After Bern imposed its will on the Oberland , they secularized the Abbey and annexed all the Abbey lands . Ringgenberg became a part of the Bernese bailiwick of Interlaken .
The church was built in the ruins of Ringgenberg Castle in 1670 under the architect Abraham Dunz . Dunz incorporated the castle walls and one of the wall towers into the new village church .
The castle ruins were repaired and renovated in 1928 , 1946–49 , and 2006–08 .
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
The 2018 American Ultimate Disc League season was the seventh season for the league . The Madison Radicals won the championship , the team 's first . Rowan McDonnell of the DC Breeze won league MVP after the season .
Offseason
The Vancouver Riptide was the lone team to cease operations after 2017 , with plans to move the team to Portland , Oregon and rejoin the league for the 2019 season . Stadium joined the AUDL as broadcast partner , replacing Eleven Sports Network . Stadium televised one game a week live as well as all three games during Championship Weekend VII .
Regular season
Week 1
Week 2
Week 3
Week 4
Week 5
Week 6
Week 7
Week 8
Week 9
Week 10
Week 11
Week 12
Week 13
Week 14
Week 15
Week 16
Standings
East Division
Midwest Division
South Division
West Division
Postseason
Divisional playoff
Divisional final
Championship Weekend VII
Championship Weekend VII was held in Madison , Wisconsin at Breeze Stevens Field from August 11-12 , 2018 .
The Madison Radicals won their first championship , and did so in front of a home crowd .
References
American Ultimate Disc League
2018 in American sports
The Beretta Elite II is an air pistol manufactured by Umarex and distributed in the United States by Umarex USA . It has only a few similarities to the Beretta 92G Elite II , but it does have its good features . It is made of polymer , but it has a steel magazine , trigger , magazine release button , and chamber . Its magazine holds 19 .177 calibers ( 4.5mm ) BBs , is powered by 12 gram cartridges , is double action only , and has a safety catch , but not on the original place a Beretta 92 would have it . The Beretta 92 safety catch is visible , but does not work .
Statistics
Loudness- About 3-Medium
Weight- .
Barrel Length- 4.80 inches
Overall Length- 8.50 inches
Capacity- 19 rounds
Barrel- Smoothbore
Velocity-
Front Sight- Blade and Ramp
Scopeable- No , but it does have an accessory rail , for a light or laser .
Trigger Action- Double Action Only
Trigger Adjust- Single Stage
Buttplate- None
Action- semi-automatic
Powered By- 12 Gram Gas Cylinders
Safety- Manual
Manufacturer- Umarex USA
made in-1994
Similarities and Differences from the 92G Elite II
It does not have the standard silver slide .
The 92G Elite II had no accessory rail .
The trigger seems to be bigger , as the size on a Beretta 92FS .
The Elite II 92G did n't have as much polymer as the Elite II Umarex has .
The hammer pin is the same , however , it does not work .
The barrel size is bigger , such as a Beretta 92FS would have .
A grip for the 92G Elite II was similar to the one supplied on the Umarex Elite II .
The exposed front barrel was not available on the 92G Elite II .
Elite II
Michael ( Meyer ) Solomon was a successful Bishopsgate manufacturer , and was one of the first Jews to be admitted to the freedom of the City of London .
Solomon 's family arrived in England from Europe , possibly Holland or Germany , sometime at the end of the eighteenth century .
Their wife 's name was Catherine ( Kate ) Levy , and they were the father of eight children . Three of these—Abraham , Rebecca , and Simeon—became notable painters , their other children were named Aaron , Betsy , Isaac , Ellen , and Sylvester .
Solomon lived among a well established Jewish community , in No . 3 Sandys Street , Bishopsgate , London , and their considerable wealth allowed them to be accepted by London society while maintaining their heritage . Their business concern was as a manufacturer of Leghorn hats .
Solomon as a freemason , having joined the Premier Grand Lodge of England .
References
Businesspeople from London
English Jews
Milliners
Freemasons of the Premier Grand Lodge of England
Esporte Clube Próspera , commonly known as Próspera , is a Brazilian football club based in Criciúma , Santa Catarina state .
History
The club was founded on March 29 , 1946 . They won the Campeonato Catarinense Second Level in 2005 .
Achievements
Campeonato Catarinense
Série B : 2020
Série C : 2005 , 2018
Stadium
Esporte Clube Próspera play their home games at Estádio Engenheiro Mário Balsini . The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people .
References
Association football clubs established in 1946
Football clubs in Santa Catarina ( state )
1946 establishments in Brazil
The 6th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was a cavalry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Service
The 6th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was originally organized in Lexington , Kentucky , from July to October 1862 as Munday 's 1st Battalion Kentucky Volunteer Cavalry ( Companies A , B , C , D , & E ) and served independently under the command of Major Reuben Munday . The regiment was fully reorganized at Camp Irvine near Louisville , Kentucky and mustered in for a one-year enlistment under the command of Colonel Dennis J. Halisy . Munday remained with the regiment and was promoted to lieutenant colonel .
The regiment was attached to District of Central Kentucky to October 1862 . District of Louisville , Kentucky , Department of the Ohio , to November 1862 . District Central Kentucky , Department of the Ohio , to January 1863 . 1st Brigade , 1st Division Cavalry , Army of the Cumberland to July 1863 . 3rd Brigade , 1st Division , Cavalry Corps , Army of the Cumberland , to November 1864 . 3rd Brigade , 1st Division , Cavalry Corps , Military Division Mississippi , to January 1865 . 1st Brigade , 1st Division , Cavalry Corps , Middle Division Mississippi , and District of Middle Tennessee , Department of the Cumberland , to September 1865 .
The 6th Kentucky Cavalry mustered out of service on September 6 , 1865 .
Detailed service
Skirmish Flat Lick August 17 ( detachment ) . Skirmish at Slaughterville , Kentucky , September 3 , 1862 ( detachment ) . Munfordville September 20–21 ( detachment ) . Pursuit of Bragg through Kentucky October 1–22 . 1st Battalion to Litchfield and skirmish with Bragg . 2nd Battalion to Bardstown and skirmish with Wheeler . 3rd Battalion to Stanford . 1st Battalion ordered to Louisa , Kentucky , November 14 , then to Mt . Sterling , Kentucky , December 9 . Regiment concentrated at Lebanon , Kentucky , December 1862 . Operations against John Hunt Morgan December 22 , 1862 to January 2 , 1863 . Near Huntington December 27 . Parker 's Mills on Elk Fork December 28 . Affair Springfield December 30 ( detachment ) . Muldraugh 's Hill near New Market December 31 . Ordered to Nashville , Tennessee , January 30 , then to Franklin , Tennessee , and duty there until June . Expedition from Franklin to Columbia March 8–12 . Thompson 's Station March 9 . Rutherford Creek March 10–11 . Near Thompson 's Station March 23 . Little Harpeth River March 25 . Near Franklin March 31 . Franklin April 27 . Thompson 's Station May 2 . Moved to Triune June 2–4 . Franklin June 4 . Triune June 9 . Tullahoma Campaign June 23-July 7 . University Depot July 4 . Expedition to Huntsville July 13–22 . Expedition to Athens , Alabama , August 2–8 . Passage of Cumberland Mountains and Tennessee River and Chickamauga Campaign August 16-September 22 . Alpine , Georgia , September 5 . Summerville September 6–7 and 10 . Battle of Chickamauga September 19–21 . Buell 's Ford September 28 . Operations against Wheeler and Roddy September 30-October 17 . At Caperton 's Ferry until January 1864 . Lafayette , Georgia , December 12 , 1863 . Ringgold December 13 . Scout to Lafayette December 21–23 . Regiment veteranized January 1864 , and veterans on furlough until March . Near Chattanooga , until May . Atlanta Campaign May to September . Guarding railroad in rear of the army at Wauhatchie , Lafayette , Calhoun , Dalton , and Resaca . At Wauhatchie , Tennessee , May 5 to June 18 . At Lafayette , June 18 to August 4 . Summerville July 7 . Actions at Lafayette June 24 and 30 . Scouting about Calhoun , Adairsville , and Resaca until October 12 . Pine Log Creek near Fairmount August 14 . Rousseau 's pursuit of Joseph Wheeler September 1–8 . Resaca October 12–13 . Near Summerville October 18 . Little River , Alabama , October 20 . Leesburg October 21 . Ladiga , Terrapin Creek , October 28 . Moved to Louisville , Kentucky , November 3–9 . McCook 's pursuit of Lyon December 6–28 . Hopkinsville , Kentucky , December 16 . At Nashville , Tennessee , until January 9 . Moved to Gravelly Springs , Alabama , and duty there until March . Wilson 's Raid from Chickasaw , Alabama , to Macon , Georgia , March 22-April 24 . Centerville April 1 . Trion April 1 . Selma April 2 . Northport near Tuscaloosa April 4 . Lapier 's Mills , Sipsey Creek , April 6 . King 's Store April 6 ( Company D ) . Occupation of Talladega April 22 . Munford 's Station April 23 . At Macon until June . Moved to Nashville , and duty in District of Middle Tennessee until September . Non-veterans mustered out at Edgefield July 14 , 1865 .
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 288 men during service ; 2 officers and 31 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded , 4 officers and 251 enlisted men died of disease .
Commanders
Colonel Dennis J. Halisy
Lieutenant Colonel Reuben Munday
Major Louis A. Gratz
See also
List of Kentucky Civil War Units
Kentucky in the Civil War
References
Dyer , Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion ( Des Moines , IA : Dyer Pub . Co. ) , 1908 .
Attribution
External links
Alphabetical roster of the 6th Kentucky Cavalry taken from Thomas Speed 's Union Regiments of Kentucky
Military units and formations established in 1862
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Units and formations of the Union Army from Kentucky
1862 establishments in Kentucky
Justina Szilágyi de Horogszeg ( ; before 1455 – 1497 ) was a Hungarian noblewoman , who became the second wife of Vlad Dracula , Voivode of Wallachia . They were the daughter of Ladislaus or Osvát Szilágyi and thus a cousin of Matthias Corvinus , King of Hungary . Corvinus first gave them in marriage to Wenceslas Pongrác of Szentmiklós . Pongrác had inherited estates in Upper Hungary ( present-day Slovakia ) , but was forced to renounce them in exchange for landed property they and Justina jointly received in Transylvania following their marriage . After Pongrác died in 1474 , the widowed Justina married Vlad , whom Corvinus acknowledged as the lawful voivode of Wallachia in 1475 . Vlad seized Wallachia in late 1476 , but soon died in battle . To strengthen their claim to their Transylvanian estates , they married Paul Suki , who was related to the former owners of those territories . After the death of Suki , in 1479 , Justina was married to John Erdélyi of Somkerék , until their death in 1497 .
Early life
Many details of Justina 's early life are uncertain . In 1479 , a royal charter referred to them as the daughter of Osvát Szilágyi , maternal uncle of Matthias Corvinus , King of Hungary . Seventeen years later , another document stated that Osvát 's younger brother , Ladislaus , was their father . Accepting the credibility of the earlier document , historians András Kubinyi and Tamás Fedeles say Osvát Szilágyi and their wife , Ágota Pósa of Szer , were Justina 's parents . On the other hand , historians Pál Engel and Mihai-Florin Hasan concluded that Justina was the daughter of Ladislaus and their unknown wife , in accordance with the 1496 document . Justina was born in the early 1450s , thus they were still an infant when Ladislaus Szilágyi died in 1454 , according to Hasan . Hasan also proposes that Osvát Szilágyi was appointed their guardian , which gave rise to their erroneous identification as Justina 's father .
Marriages
First marriage
Matthias Corvinus gave Justina into marriage to Wenceslas ( also known as Ladislaus ) Pongrác of Szentmiklós , a member of an influential noble family which owned estates in Upper Hungary ( now Slovakia ) . Corvinus forced Pongrác to surrender the fortress of Sztrecsény ( now Strečno ) and the town of Zsolna ( present-day Žilina ) , in exchange for Transylvanian estates , including Gernyeszeg ( now Gornești in Romania ) , which had been confiscated from the Erdélyi of Somkerék and Suki families in 1467 . Pongrác had been the sole owner of the estates in Upper Hungary , but the new Transylvanian estates were jointly owned by Pongrác and Justina . Pongrác died in 1474 . Royal charters almost always referred to Justina as Pongrác 's widow during the following years until their death .
Second marriage
Matthias Corvinus had Vlad the Impaler , Voivode of Wallachia , imprisoned for allegedly conducting secret negotiations with the Ottoman Empire in 1462 , and only released them in early 1475 . Fyodor Kuritsyn , who was the ambassador of Ivan III of Russia to Corvinus in the early 1480s , recorded that Corvinus had given their `` sister '' in marriage to Vlad and they had lived together for ten years . Hasan concluded that Kuritsyn obviously combined data about Vlad 's two wives when writing their report . Vlad 's first wife was most probably Corvinus ' illegitimate sister , according to modern scholarly research , who died in either 1472 or 1473 .
Vlad married Justina as their second wife after their release . Corvinus recognised Vlad , in 1475 , as the lawful ruler of Wallachia , but they provided no support to Vlad in asserting their claim against Basarab Laiotă . Vlad acquired a house in Pécs , which soon became known as `` Drakwlyaháza '' ( `` Dracula 's house '' ) . It was mentioned in a deed issued by the Pécs Chapter on 10 September 1489 , which also referred to `` Justina , the widow of the late voivode Dragwlya '' .
Vlad invaded Wallachia with Hungarian and Moldavian support forcing Basarab Laiotă to flee to the Ottoman Empire , in November 1476 . Shortly after they were installed as voivode , they asked the burghers of Brașov to send carpenters to Târgoviște where they wanted to build their new home . However , Basarab Laiotă returned and Vlad was murdered in late 1476 or early 1477 .
Kuritsyn mentioned that Vlad had three sons . Hasan and Matei Cazacu proposed that Justina gave birth to Vlad 's second son and namesake , who was the ancestor of the Hungarian noble Drakwla family . In contrast , Fedeles wrote that Vlad and Justina 's marriage was childless .
Third and fourth marriages
In 1478 , members of the Erdélyi of Somkerék family laid claim to Justina 's castle at Gernyeszeg and the nearby villages . To secure their position , they married Paul Suki , a nephew of a one-time co-owner of the estate . They were first mentioned as Suki 's wife on 26 January 1479 , but they died in the same year giving rise to disputes between Justina and their relatives . About two years later , Justina married John Erdélyi of Somkerék . They survived Justina , who died sometime after 13 June 1497 .
Ancestry
Notes
References
Sources
Justina
Royal consorts of Wallachia
Remarried royal consorts
15th-century Hungarian people
15th-century Romanian people
People of medieval Wallachia
15th-century Romanian women
15th-century Hungarian women
Vlad the Impaler
Government Teachers ' Training College , Dhaka is a public college for training government teachers in Dhaka , Bangladesh .
It offers four-year ( eight-semester ) integrated Bachelor of Education , one-year professional Bachelor of Education ( B.Ed ) and Master of Education ( M.Ed ) . Some teaching-learning related training programs by different projects are run in the college .
It is situated at the heart of the city in New Market area .
References
External links
Official Website
Teacher training colleges in Bangladesh
Universities and colleges in Dhaka
1909 establishments in India
The women 's 3000 metres event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon , Portugal , at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 20 and 22 July .
Medalists
Results
Final
22 July
Heats
20 July
Heat 1
Heat 2
Participation
According to an unofficial count , 25 athletes from 20 countries participated in the event .
References
3000 metres
Long distance running at the World Athletics U20 Championships
`` Unspoken '' is an episode of American crime drama CSI : NY . The episode is unique because there is n't any dialogue within the first half of the episode , but there is a soundtrack from American punk rock band Green Day . The episode was well received by critics and was watched by 9.48 million viewers . The episode has a politician being shot , the shooter dumping the gun , children finding it and one of them dying . It also has Mac Taylor 's struggles after their shooting in the previous season .
Synopsis
A man shoots a politician at a political rally where Lindsay is injured . Flack chases the shooter and finds a little girl shot by their friend after they played with the tossed gun . The child dies in their arms . Mac is seen having difficulty remembering words and colors as a result of their previous injuries . The CSIs learn that the gun belonged to the politician who was shot . They admit that they never reported the gun stolen . The shooter visits Lindsay in the hospital because they saw their face during the attack . They plan to kill them but spares them when they see a drawing by their daughter . The CSIs later learn that the politician was n't the target . Instead it was a teacher who was responsible for getting the shooter relieved of their job at their school because they thought their caring behavior was inappropriate . When interviewed by the police they claim to have never hurt a child , not realising that their gun was used to shoot a girl after they tossed it in a dumpster .
Production
When announcing that the episode was using Green Day 's new music , writer and executive producer Pam Veasey said `` My ultimate goal was to tell a story without dialogue , and Green Day 's music and lyrics beautifully accompanied the visuals making it a very special episode . '' Green Day commented that they `` were stoked '' when they `` found out CSI : NY wanted to use our music instead of dialogue to narrate the first few acts of the episode . '' Green Day also commented , `` It 's the first time something like this has been done on the series , and we are blown away with what we 've seen . '' In an interview with TV Guide , Veasey told Adam Bryant that they have considered doing an episode completely without dialogue but scrapped the idea .
When actor Neal McDonough was announced to guest star in the episode they billed their character as the `` ultimate politician '' . They also announced that they would be guesting in the fourth episode of the ninth season .
Reception
Jay Tilles writing for KROQ called the episode `` intense '' . Adam Bryant of TV Guide wrote that the episode was `` appropriately titled '' . Paul Metcalf , who was reviewing CSI : NY '' 's final season billed this episode as a `` highlight '' .
A reviewer for TwoCentsTV wrote , `` I was just starting to get into the non-verbal communication thing , with Green Day 's music as a backdrop , when the episode seemed to ditch that for its usual wordy expositions and explanations . Still , the tracks I did get to hear are awesome . Glad I 'm a fan of Green Day . ''
A TV Equals review claimed , `` The latest episode of CSI : NY '' , somewhat appropriately entitled `` Unspoken '' , was what I tend to think of as a `` stunt '' episode , by which I mean an episode of a show that seeks to set itself apart from typical episodes of the show at hand in some significant and noticeable way . More often than not , it involves a name guest star , but a `` stunt '' episode can also indicate a change in format that differs from the usual approach . ''
References
CSI : NY
2012 American television episodes
Green Day
The Liar ( published 1991 ) is the first novel of British writer and actor Stephen Fry . The story is told out of chronological order but mostly follows the upper-class Englishman Adrian Healey through their years at public school , at Cambridge University , and afterwards . They excel at lying and entire chapters are later revealed to have been fictions . They ultimately end up teaching at Cambridge as part of an old boys ' club in British intelligence , which alleviates its boredom during the decline of the empire and end of the Cold War by partaking in make-believe espionage missions .
Plot
The book opens as the protagonist , Adrian Healey , and their mentor , Professor Donald Trefusis , are at Mozart 's birthplace in Salzburg , where Adrian witnesses the ( staged ) murder of their contact .
The narrative then shifts to Adrian 's time at public school , where they have carefully groomed themselves to convey the image of a witty , highly extroverted young gay man ; however , despite their image , and , despite regarding sex as their `` public pride '' , they find themselves unable to express their love for the beautiful Hugo Cartwright . Another student , Paul Trotter ( known as `` Pigs Trotter '' [ sic ] ) hangs themselves due to their unrequited love for Adrian . Adrian is shown later in the novel to be touchy on the subject of suicide as a result . Prior to Trotter 's funeral , Adrian has a sexual encounter with Hugo while pretending to be asleep .
Adrian is later expelled from school for writing an article discussing the tradition of hidden behaviours that could be considered homosexual at public schools ; consequently , they take their A-level examinations in a Gloucestershire state school . Adrian claims to have run away from home due to unhappiness , subsequently becoming a rent boy , but it is later revealed , in an overheard conversation , that this probably never occurred .
Eventually , Adrian takes on the role of schoolmaster and has their first sexual encounter with a woman , a fellow member of staff at the school . The school years finish with Adrian 's cricket team defeating the team of Hugo Cartwright , to whom Adrian no longer feels attracted . Just as Adrian and their team are about to leave the school at which Hugo is a master they admit to Hugo that they were awake during the incident before Trotter 's funeral .
Adrian attends the fictional St. Matthew 's College , Cambridge and is given a challenge to produce something original by their tutor Professor Donald Trefusis . With the aid of their girlfriend – and later wife and acclaimed producer – Jenny de Woolf , and their housemate Gary , they write and claims to have discovered a lost manuscript by Charles Dickens which dealt with the child sex trade . The discovery brings Jenny and the college fame , but it also results in a dialogue between Adrian and Hugo , who has become an alcoholic . Hugo believes that Adrian hates him , and points to Adrian 's duplicity as proof . Adrian corrects them and the two leave things on a friendly note .
After graduation , Adrian attends a farcical meeting where they and other attendees discuss the arrest of Trefusis , who was arrested on charges of cottaging , sabotaging the footage of an onlooking BBC film crew . It is later revealed that they were actually undertaking a document exchange preceded by two kisses on the cheek as is custom in several European countries , such as Hungary .
Adrian joins Trefusis in a forced sabbatical , which they claim to spend studying the fricative shift in English . In actuality , the year is spent in a game of espionage in which they must acquire the parts for Mendax ( from the Latin adjective meaning `` lying , deceptive '' ) , a lie-inhibiting device from their Hungarian friend Szabó .
A showdown results with Adrian 's uncle David ( Sir David Pearce of MI5 ) and Trefusis , during which it is revealed that Pearce 's aide was a double agent working for Trefusis . It is also revealed that the murders that Adrian witnessed were staged to scare Trefusis into giving Mendax to MI5 , and that Mendax was fictional .
Subsequently , Adrian overhears a conversation between Trefusis and Pearce where it is revealed that the espionage adventure was just a game to counter boredom , meaning that several parts of the story were untrue . Adrian remembers a letter written to them by de Woolf saying that while young girls grew up , young boys did not , making their education irrelevant and just a game .
The book concludes with Adrian , now a Cambridge fellow , recruiting a new spy for a new game .
Autobiographical elements
The novel is semi-autobiographical and many scenes echo experiences later recounted in Fry 's memoir , Moab is My Washpot . The character Trefusis was created by Fry for several humorous radio broadcasts on BBC Radio 4 's Loose Ends .
Conceits
The espionage portions of the book are written in italics , which stop at Adrian 's graduation . The book features a third-person omniscient narrator . The narrator knows , for example , about David Pearce 's annoyance at Dickon Lister 's ignorance of the story of Helen of Troy . Starting with chapter four , in keeping with popular spy fiction , the characters refer to each other by code names ; in this case , the names used are from the Trojan War :
Adrian is `` Telemachus '' , the name of the son of Odysseus in the Odyssey
Professor Donald Trefusis is `` Odysseus ''
Istvan Moltaj is `` Patrochlus '' ( sic , in Greek Πάτροκλος , not Πάτροχλος )
Szabó is `` Helen '' , the catalyst of the Trojan war ( pronounced rather than on the audiobook )
Their nephews are `` Castor '' and `` Pollux ''
Salzburg is the `` walls of Illium ''
The author is renowned for their interest in the English language ( see Fry 's Planet Word ) . In a post on their blog , Fry talks about the evolving language , including their interest in `` verbing '' nouns ( nouns used as verbs ) . They also reproach grammar pedants . In the book there are several experiments with the English language , mostly used in the dialogue . These range from several nouns used as verbs ( e.g . `` You everything me '' or `` you sir me '' ) , Americanisms ( e.g . `` burglarised '' or `` gotten '' ) to polysyndeton ( e.g . `` Tom and Adrian and Pigs Trotter '' ) . In the book , at school , Adrian actively tries new vocabulary . As a spy they are told off by Trefusis for saying `` it is them '' instead of `` it is they '' ( before Trefusis acknowledges that it is obnoxious pedantry to care ) and complains to Trefusis about the habit of another ( less erudite ) character of overusing the suffix `` -ise '' like an American .
Reception
The book is noted for its wit and humour , as well as its often outrageous references to various homosexual experiences .
Legacy
The bar on level 3 of the University of Dundee Student Union building is named after the book , as Fry was Rector of the university from 1992 to 1998 .
References to pages of the book
References
1991 British novels
Novels by Stephen Fry
Roman à clef novels
Fiction with unreliable narrators
British bildungsromans
Novels set in University of Cambridge
Heinemann ( publisher ) books
1990s LGBT novels
British LGBT novels
Novels with gay themes
1991 debut novels
Nonlinear narrative novels
Novels set in the 1970s
Fiction set in 1980
Third-person narrative novels
Thomas Chisenga ( born 8 April 1969 ) is a Zambian boxer . They competed in the men 's light flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Zambian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Zambia
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Light-flyweight boxers
Garik Yurievich Martirosyan ( , ; born February 13 , 1974 ) is a Russian entertainer , comedian , TV host , actor and singer of Armenian origin . They are the co-producer and host of the Comedy Club Russia which airs on Russian TV channel TNT . They were also one of 4 hosts of Prozhektorperiskhilton broadcast on Channel One .
Biography
Garik Martirosyan was born on February 14 , 1974 in Yerevan , Armenian SSR , Soviet Union . In 2002 , they graduated from Yerevan State Medical University with a degree in neurology . They worked three years in a psychological hospital . From 1993 to 2002 , they were a member ( captain from 1997 ) of the New Armenians team of the Russian TV show KVN . In 2003 , with the help of fellow New Armenians Artur Janibekyan and Artash Sarksyan , they founded Comedy Club . Together with Larisa Dolina , they won the Two Stars TV show . They hosted the first two seasons of Minute of Fame , the Russian version of America 's Got Talent on Channel One . They and their wife Zhanna Levina met in Sochi and have a daughter named Jasmine , who was born in 2004 , and son Daniel , born in 2009 .
Politics
In March 2007 , their brother Levon Martirosyan announced that Garik intends to participate in the pre-election campaign of the United Liberal-National Party of Armenia . The idea to establish the party belonged to
Garik .
Selected filmography
TV
Comedy Club ( 2005–present )
Nasha Russia ( 2006–2011 )
Minute of Fame ( 2007–present )
Prozhektorperiskhilton ( 2008–present )
Main Stage ( 2015 )
Film
Our Russia . The Balls of Fate ( 2010 )
See also
Armenians in Russia
References
External links
Garik Martirosyan at the Forbes
1974 births
Living people
Male actors from Yerevan
Television people from Yerevan
Armenian comedians
Russian television personalities
KVN
Yerevan State Medical University alumni
Armenian expatriates in Russia
Mio figlio Nerone ( literally : My Son Nero ) , released in the US as Nero 's Mistress is a 1956 Italian historical comedy film directed by Steno and starring Alberto Sordi , Vittorio De Sica , Gloria Swanson and Brigitte Bardot , with cinematography by Mario Bava . It depicts a visit by the Roman Emperor Nero and their entourage to a coastal villa .
The movie was released in Italy in September 1956 and in France in October 1957 .
The US dub , released in 1962 , was recut to a substantially different film , shifting the emphasis from Agrippina to Poppaea ( as the title reflects ) .
Plot
The young emperor Nero proves themselves spoiled , childish and unable to cope with the government of Rome . Their domineering mother Agrippina and the wise philosopher Seneca try to make change the personality of the emperor , but nothing can make Nero into a wise and honorable ruler . Agrippina then takes advantage of a poetic and theatrical failure of Nero to kill them and take over the government of Rome . Seneca initially supports the woman , but then plays a double game and warns Nero about the conspiracy . Agrippina smartly lays the blame on the Christians and on Seneca , who could be sentenced to death . However Nero is easily deceived again and proved magnanimous , forgiving all.The trouble starts at court for the umpteenth time when Nero finds out that Seneca had lied about the `` poetic art '' of the emperor , saying to the people that Nero sings and performs worse than a stupid monkey ...
Cast
Alberto Sordi - Nero
Vittorio De Sica - Seneca the Younger
Gloria Swanson - Agrippina the Younger
Brigitte Bardot - Poppaea
Ciccio Barbi - Anicetus
Mario Carotenuto - Creperius
Mino Doro - Corbulo
Enzo Furlai - Segimerus
Agnese Dubbini - Ugolilla
Georgia Moll - Lydia
Production
The movie was filmed in 1955 with interior scenes filmed at Rome 's Cinecitta studio .
The movie is notable for the first appearance of Brigitte Bardot as a blonde . A natural brunette , they were asked by the director to appear as a blonde as they felt that it was appropriate to their character of an intriguing and alluring treacherous woman . Rather than wear a wig Bardot decided to dye their hair . They were so pleased with the results that they decided to retain the hair colour .
References
External links
1956 films
1950s historical comedy films
Italian historical comedy films
Peplum films
CinemaScope films
1950s Italian-language films
Films set in ancient Rome
Films set in the Roman Empire
Depictions of Nero on film
Cultural depictions of Agrippina the Younger
Cultural depictions of Seneca the Younger
Cultural depictions of Poppaea Sabina
Sword and sandal films
1956 comedy films
1950s Italian films
The Euro Hockey League 2018–19 was the twelfth season of the Euro Hockey League , Europe 's premier club field hockey tournament , organized by the European Hockey Federation . Round One was held in Barcelona from 5 until 7 October 2018 and the knockout stage was held in Eindhoven from 17 until 22 April 2019 .
The final was played between Waterloo Ducks and Rot-Weiss Köln . The Waterloo Ducks defeated Rot-Weis Köln 4–0 to become the first Belgian club to win the Euro Hockey League . Mannheimer HC took the bronze medal and Gonzalo Peillat became the top scorer with nine goals .
Association team allocation
A total of 24 teams from 12 of the 45 EHF member associations participated in the 2018–19 Euro Hockey League . The association ranking based on the EHL country coefficients is used to determine the number of participating teams for each association :
Associations 1–4 each have three teams qualify .
Associations 5–8 each have two teams qualify .
Associations 9–12 each have one team qualify .
EHL Rankings
Qualified teams
The following teams qualified for the 2018-19 Euro Hockey League . 12 teams got a bye to the KO16 .
Format Changes
The EHL board has decided not to continue with the field goal equals two trial , used last season , so this season every goal will return to equaling one whether it comes from the field or a penalty corner . Due to the overcrowded international hockey calendar from 2019 onwards because of the 2019 Men 's FIH Pro League , the EHL has combined the KO16 and FINAL4 events at Easter , making a six-day event from April 17 to 22 , 2019 .
Round One
Round One was held from 5 until 7 October 2018 at the Pau Negre Stadium in Barcelona . The draw took place on 17 July 2018 . If a game is won , the winning team receives 5 points . A draw results in both teams receiving 2 points . A loss gives the losing team 1 point unless the losing team loses by 3 or more goals , then they receive 0 points .
All times are local , CET ( UTC+1 ) .
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
Knockout stage
The knockout stage took place at Sportpark Aalsterweg in Eindhoven , Netherlands from 17 until 22 April 2019 . The draw took place at 21 October 2018 and the schedule was announced on 15 November 2018 .
'' All times are local , CET ( UTC+1 ) .
Qualified teams
The knockout phase involves 16 teams , consisting of the 4 pool winners and the 12 already qualified teams .
Bracket
Round of 16
Ranking matches
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Bronze medal match
Final
See also
2019 EuroHockey Club Champions Cup
2019 Men 's EuroHockey Club Trophy
2019 Men 's EuroHockey Indoor Club Cup
References
External links
Official Website ( English )
European Hockey Federation
Euro Hockey League
2018–19 in European field hockey
Chernor Ramadan Maju Bah ( born April 29 , 1972 ) also commonly known by their nickname Chericoco is Sierra Leonean lawyer and politician who is currently the leader of opposition since 2019 and previous held the position of Deputy speaker of parliament of Sierra Leone in the erstwhile government of Hon . Ernest Bai Korma and Parliamentary Chairman of the Mines and Minerals Resources Committee . They had also served as Chairman of the Parliamentarry Legislative Committee .
They are a member of the Sierra Leone Parliament from the Western Area Urban District , representing constituency 110 , which is mainly made up of the neighborhood of Brookfields in Freetown . They are the ruling All People 's Congress ( APC ) vice presidential candidate for the 2018 Sierra Leone presidential election , having named the APC vice presidential candidate at the party 's convention in Makeni on October 15 , 2017 .
Chernor Maju Bah was first elected a member of parliament in the 2007 Sierra Leone Parliamentary elections . They were re-elected in the 2012 Sierra Leone Parliamentary elections with 68.45 % , defeating their main opponent Joseph Maada Soyei of the main opposition Sierra Leone People 's Party ( SLPP ) .
Chernor Maju Bah was born and raised in the neighborhood of Brookfield in the capital Freetown . They are a practicing Muslim and a member of the Fula ethnic group from Freetown . They are a barrister-solicitor by profession .
References
21st-century Sierra Leonean politicians
Fourah Bay College alumni
All People 's Congress politicians
Sierra Leonean Muslims
Sierra Leonean Fula people
People from Freetown
1972 births
Living people
Johnson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana . As of 2020 , the population was 161,765 . The county seat is Franklin .
Johnson County is included in the Indianapolis-Carmel-Anderson , IN Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 65
U.S. Route 31
State Road 37
State Road 44
State Road 135
State Road 144
State Road 252
Airport
KHFY - Greenwood Municipal Airport
3FK - Franklin Flying Field
Geography
According to the 2010 census , the county has a total area of , of which ( or 99.58 % ) is land and ( or 0.42 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Marion County ( north )
Shelby County ( east )
Bartholomew County ( southeast )
Brown County ( southwest )
Morgan County ( west )
History
Johnson County was formed in 1823 . It was named for John Johnson , a Justice of the Indiana Supreme Court . This is probably John Johnson of Knox County , delegate to the State constitutional convention , appointed to the Supreme Court in 1816 .
Cities and towns
Bargersville
Edinburgh
Franklin
Greenwood
New Whiteland
Princes Lakes
Trafalgar
Whiteland
Extinct
Farwest
Townships
Blue River
Clark
Franklin
Hensley
Needham
Nineveh
Pleasant
Union
White River
As of January 1 , 2022 Franklin , Union and Needham Townships were merged into a single entity known as Franklin-Union-Needham Township ( `` FUN '' ) .
The south end of the county is also home to the Camp Atterbury military installation .
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in Franklin have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in July . The coldest temperature ever recorded in Indiana was in the town of New Whiteland , Indiana , on January 19 , 1994 , when the temperature reached .
Government
The county government is a constitutional body , and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana , and by the Indiana Code .
County Council : The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county . Representatives are elected from county districts . The council members serve four-year terms . They are responsible for setting salaries , the annual budget , and special spending . The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes , in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval , excise taxes , and service taxes .
Board of Commissioners : The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners . The commissioners are elected county-wide , in staggered terms , and each serves a four-year term . One of the commissioners , typically the most senior , serves as president . The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council , collecting revenue , and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government .
Courts : The county maintains a Circuit Court can handle all types of cases , unless a particular case type is specifically reserved to another court . The county also maintains three Superior Courts that also handle all types of cases , and also handle the small claims and juvenile cases . The judges on each of the courts is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association .
County Officials : The county has several other elected offices that are mandated by the Indiana Constitution . These include sheriff , coroner , assessor , auditor , recorder , surveyor , and circuit court clerk Each of these elected officers serves terms of four years and oversee different parts of the county government . Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county .
Johnson County is part of Indiana 's Indiana 's 9th congressional district ; Indiana Senate districts 36 , 37 , and 41 ; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 47 , 58 , 65 , and 93 .
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 139,654 people , 52,242 households , and 37,711 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 56,649 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.9 % white , 2.0 % Asian , 1.1 % black or African American , 0.2 % American Indian , 1.2 % from other races , and 1.5 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.1 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 28.1 % were German , 15.7 % were Irish , 11.5 % were English , and 10.3 % were American .
Of the 52,242 households , 37.1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 57.3 % were married couples living together , 10.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , 27.8 % were non-families , and 22.6 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.09 . The median age was 36.8 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 47,697 and the median income for a family was $ 72,723 . Males had a median income of $ 52,107 versus $ 36,029 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 28,224 . About 5.9 % of families and 8.1 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 11.1 % of those under age 18 and 4.8 % of those age 65 or over .
See also
Daily Journal - local daily newspaper
National Register of Historic Places listings in Johnson County , Indiana
References
External links
Delegates to the 1816 Constitutional Convention
Johnson County Government site
Indiana counties
1823 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1823
Indianapolis metropolitan area
Inza may refer to :
a drug with the active ingredient naproxen
Inza , Russia , a town in Ulyanovsk Oblast , Russia
Inza , Cauca , town in Colombia
Inza Nelson , wife of Doctor Fate in DC Comics
Salagam ( pronounced sālagam ) is a ragam in Carnatic music ( musical scale of South Indian classical music ) . It is the 37th melakarta rāgam in the 72 melakarta rāgam system of Carnatic music . It is called Sowgandini in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music .
Structure and Lakshana
It is the 1st rāgam in the 7th chakra Rishi . The mnemonic name is Rishi-Pa . The mnemonic phrase is sa ra ga mi pa dha na . Its structure ( ascending and descending scale ) is as follows ( see swaras in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms ) :
:
:
In this scale , the notes shuddha rishabham , shuddha gandharam , prati madhyamam , shuddha dhaivatham and shuddha nishadham are used . As Salagam is a melakarta rāgam , by definition it is a sampoorna rāgam ( has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale ) . It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Kanakangi , which is the first melakarta .
Janya rāgams
Salagam has a minor janya rāgam ( derived scale ) associated with it . See List of janya rāgams for full list of rāgams associated with Salagam and other melakartas .
Compositions
A few compositions set to Salagam scale are :
Ganamrudham by Koteeswara Iyer
VĀraÑa vadanam by Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna
Related rāgams
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam .
Salagam 's notes when shifted using Graha bhedam , yields no other melakarta rāgam , like all 6 rāgams in the Rishi chakra ( Jalarnavam , Jhalavarali , Navaneetam , Pavani and Raghupriya being the other 5 ) . Only these rāgams have a gap of 3 notes anywhere in their scale , between G1 to M2 . Such a gap does not occur in any other melakarta by definition . Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same , while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the rāgam .
Notes
References
Melakarta ragas
Kamila Tuszyńska – PhD in humanities ( literary , linguistics , culture and media studies ) , a narratologist , researcher in media studies and comics theoretician .
A lecturer , speaker , columnist and peer reviewer for `` Zeszyty Komiksowe '' [ Comic Books ] , journal co-financed by the Ministry of Culture and National Heritage of the Republic of Poland ; a member of the editorial staff of `` Napis '' magazine published by the Institute of Literary Research of the Polish Academy of Science ( IBL PAN ) .
An author of articles and papers about comics and an author of the very first book ( Narracja w powieści graficznej , Warsaw , Wydawnictwo Naukowe PWN [ Polish Scientific Publishers PWN ] , 2015 , ; [ Narratology of Graphic Novels : an Introduction ] ) , exclusively devoted to narrative strategies in American and European graphic novels , in which they comment on the 371 original source texts from the research areas from the USA , Western Europe , Central and Eastern Europe and proposes brand-new research tools , terms and concepts .
Career
They defended a doctoral dissertation entitled Narrative strategies in comics . Between elite and popular culture at the Department of Rhetoric and Media , University of Warsaw .
A member of the Third Regions of Literature Studies Group affiliated with the Polish Academy of Sciences ( PAN ) and of the Laboratory of Occasional and Applied Literature , University of Warsaw , where their subject matter is comics .
As a narratologist , they are a member of the European Narratology Network ( ENN ) and of the International Society for the Study of Narrative ( ISSN ) .
As a comics theoretician , they are the only one Polish member of the International Bande Dessinée Society ( IBDS ) , the Nordic Network for Comics Research ( NNCORE ) and of the Comics Studies Society ( CSS ) ,
A speaker at international comics conferences , including the Comic Con ( California ) .
For years , in various institutions they have been conducting thesis seminars and original courses , such as : the poetics of comics , verbal-and-visual workshops , artistic and applied narratives , writing on the Internet : theory and practice , workshops for columnists , journalism and press workshops , as well as local and environmental media .
Featured as an expert in the media , including Polish television : TVP Info , TVP Kultura , radio : Tok FM , Czwórka Polskie Radio , Trójka - Program Trzeci Polskiego Radia , Program 1 Polskiego Radia , Program 2 Polskiego Radia , Radio RDC , Kampus and press : Newsweek , Gazeta Prawna , bankier.pl , NaTemat.pl .
External links
Kamila Tuszyńska homepage
Kamila Tuszyńska , Phd - Google Scholar Citations
Kamila Tuszyńska , Phd - Polish Science Database ( OPI )
Konrad Wysocki , Polski komiks dorównuje światowej czołówce . Wywiad z dr Kamilą Tuszyńsk ą , Gazeta Codzienna , 22.04.2016 , s. 12
Michał Chudoliński , Niemęskie rysowanie.Rozmowa z Kamilą Tuszyńską o kobiecej stronie komiksu , 2 + 3 D , 56 ( III/2015 ) , s. 90-98
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
University of Warsaw faculty
Living people
Polish women academics
Turkmenistan competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 September to 18 September 2016 .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Powerlifting
See also
Turkmenistan at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Turkmenistani sport
An Apocrine nevus is an extremely rare cutaneous condition that is composed of hyperplastic mature apocrine glands .
See also
Eccrine nevus
Seborrheic keratosis
List of cutaneous conditions
References
External links
Epidermal nevi , neoplasms , and cysts
Apocrine
South Korea–Thailand relations are the bilateral relations between the Kingdom of Thailand and the Republic of Korea . The two countries established diplomatic relations on 1 October 1958 .
During the Korean War , Thailand was the second nation to send troops—a total of over 10,000—to support South Korea , just after the United States . Thai casualties included 137 dead and more than 300 wounded .
The Industry Ministry reported that Thailand and South Korea had trade value of US $ 11.7 billion in 2017. , 400 South Korean companies have invested in Thailand , and trade between Thailand and South Korea stands at around US $ 15 billion ( 470 billion baht ) annually .
Cultural relations
Since 2015 , Korean pop groups and television dramas have surged in popularity in Thailand , to the extent that a phrase , `` Korean wave '' ; ) has been coined to explain the phenomenon . K-pop in particular has influenced Thai food , fashion , and interest in cosmetic surgery .
See also
Foreign relations of South Korea
Foreign relations of Thailand
References
Korea , South
Thailand
The North-Western Provinces was an administrative region in British India . The North-Western Provinces were established in 1836 , through merging the administrative divisions of the Ceded and Conquered Provinces . In 1858 , the nawab-ruled kingdom of Oudh was annexed and merged with the North-Western Provinces to form the renamed North-Western Provinces and Oudh . In 1902 , this province was reorganized to form the United Provinces of Agra and Oudh . Allahabad served as its capital from 1858 , when it also became the capital of India for a day .
Area
The province included all divisions of the present-day state of Uttar Pradesh with the exception of the Lucknow Division and Faizabad Division of Awadh . Among other regions included at various times were : the Delhi Territory , from 1836 until 1858 , when the latter became part of the Punjab Province of British India ; Ajmer and Merwara , from 1832 and 1846 , respectively , until 1871 , when Ajmer-Merwara became a minor province of British India ; and the Saugor and Nerbudda Territories from 1853 until 1861 , when they were absorbed into the Central Provinces .
Administration
The North Western Provinces was governed by a Lieutenant-Governor , who was appointed by the East India Company from 1836 to 1858 , and by the British Government from 1858 to 1902 .
In 1856 , after the annexation of Oudh State , the North Western Provinces became part of the larger province of North Western Provinces and Oudh . In 1902 , the latter province was renamed the United Provinces of Agra and Oudh ; in 1904 , the region within the new United Provinces corresponding to the North Western Provinces was renamed the Agra Province .
See also
List of chief commissioners of Oudh
List of lieutenant-governors of the North-Western Provinces
List of lieutenant-governors of the North-Western Provinces and chief commissioners of Oudh
Company rule in India
British Raj
United Provinces of Agra and Oudh
Notes
References
1836 establishments in British India
1902 disestablishments in British India
Subdivisions of British India
British administration in Uttar Pradesh
Glerárkirkja ( ) is a church in Akureyri , Iceland . It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Iceland .
In 1969 a building committee was formed to find a place for a new church for the neighborhood . Lögmannshlíðarkirkja , the previous church dated to 1860 , was deemed as too small for the congregation . Lögmannshlíðarkirkja is well maintained today and occasionally performs ecclesiastical ceremonies .
Architect Svan Eiríksson provided the design of Glerárkirkja . The new church covers an area of 2100 m2 of which the lower floor is about 1000 m2 . The first mass was on 18 August 1985 and the church was consecrated on 15 February 1987 . In 1989 , steel cladding was put on the roof . The church was then expanded in 2002 and re-dedicated on 6 December 2002 .
References
External links
Glerárkirkja website
Churches in Iceland
Akureyri
also known as The Call of the Foghorn is a 1960 Japanese film directed by Yamazaki Tokujirō . It was the final film of young star Akagi Keiichiro before their death , and considered their most famous work .
Plot
Sugi is a navigator of the ship Suzuran Maru . They return to Yokohama while theirs they are under repairs , and after getting into a brawl over a prostitute who calls themselves `` Sally , '' is informed of the death of their old friend , Hamasaki . Police call it suicide , but Sugi doubts it , and they start to investigate by himself .
Detective Morimoto tells Sugi that their friend was a drug dealer . When they return home , they discover that Sally had called him , but when they go to their apartment , they discover that they have been murdered . Sugi goes to speak with Hamazaki 's girlfriend , Miyako . They tell them that they and Hamazaki were being targeted by the manager of the nightclub `` 35 Knots , '' where they had brawled and met Sally the day before . Their name was Watanabe , and had also been targeting Sally , and their friend , Kazuko .
Sugi hides Kazuko on the Suzuran Maru ship . Kazuko tells them that Sally 's pimp had been missing since the night of Hamazaki 's drowning . They suspected that Hamazaki is n't dead at all , and goes after Watanabe . Hamazaki tells Sugi to stop meddling . They show Sugi a photograph that proves Hamazaki is a drug dealer . Discovering that their friend is indeed alive , they insist on knowing their whereabouts , so that they can hear it from their friend 's lips .
Hamazaki has been hoarding drugs and planning their escape . They return to their hideout , ready to leave , and finds Sugi and Miyako there waiting for him . They confront him . They pull out a gun . Just then , detective Morimoto knock on the door . Doing their arrest , however , their accomplice in the elevator attacks Morimoto and allows Hamazaki to escape . Morimoto shoots the both of them as they run away , and Hamazaki dies from their injuries .
The movie ends with a saddened Sugi leaving Yokohama Port forever .
Cast
Keiichirō Akagi as Sugi Keiichi
Izumi Ashikawa as Miyako
Sayuri Yoshinaga as Yukiko
Ryoji Hayama as Hamazaki Morio
Ryōhei Uchida as Watanabe
Kō Nishimura as Morimoto
Notes
The theme song `` Muteki ga ore wo Yondeiru , '' also sung by the lead actor , became a hit single on release of the film .
Yoshinaga Sayuri , who would go on to be a veteran actor , made one of their first appearances in this film .
References
External links
Nikkatsu films
1960s Japanese films
Lewis Thomas ( 20 November 1832 – 16 February 1913 ) was a colliery owner and a member of both the Queensland Legislative Council and the Queensland Legislative Assembly .
Early life
Thomas was born in November 1832 at Llanfihangel Genau ' r Glyn , Cardiganshire , Wales to Thomas Thomas , carrier , and their wife Mary ( née Hughes ) . At age nine they were working at a woollen factory and at fifteen was employed in the lead-mines of Esgair and Bwlch Gwyn . They moved on to working in the coal and iron mines of South Wales and in 1859 they set off to Australia .
Landing in Victoria , they worked as a gold miner but was unsuccessful and relocated to Queensland some two years later where they turned to coal mining in the West Moreton district . This time their venture was such a success that they opened up many of the coalfields in the area and with the building of railways across Queensland the demand for coal become even greater , earning them a vast fortune and eventually became known as the 'Coal King ' . In 1890 , Thomas retired from mining and handed over the business to their employees , who formed the Aberdare Co-Operative Coal Co. Ltd .
Political career
Thomas , representing the Ministerial Party , was a candidate for the seat of Bundamba at the 1893 colonial election . They easily defeated the sitting member , Thomas Glassey , and remained as the member until they decided not to stand in the 1899 election .
Three years later , Thomas was appointed by premier Robert Philp to the Queensland Legislative Council , remaining there until their death in 1913 .
Personal life
In 1859 , Thomas married Ann Morris at Llanfihangel Genau ' r Glyn and together had 1 daughter , Mary , who grew up to marry Thomas Cribb Jr. , the son of Thomas Bridson Cribb , the then Treasurer of Queensland . They had a great love of music , and for many years sponsored the annual Queensland Eisteddfodau , to which they gave between £60 to £100 to the chief choral contest . They were also patron of the Blackstone-Ipswich Cambria Choir and was often seen at the festivals in which they competed .
Thomas was a trustee of the Ipswich Girls ' Grammar School and also donated the annual 'Thomas Lewis Scholatship ' to the boys Grammar School . Around 1905 , Lewis was on a tour back to Wales , and while there they donated £1000 to establish a scholarship at the Aberystwyth University .
In 1890 , Thomas built 'Brynhyfryd Mansion ' at Blackstone . It was an elaborate home , three stories high and containing 49 rooms including a basement and a tower . It was built on top of a rich coal seam , and while Thomas was alive , refused to mine the coal as it would mean having to demolish their home .
Later life
Thomas died in February 1913 , and their funeral proceeded from their home in Blackstone to the Ipswich General Cemetery .
After their death , their wife , daughter and their husband , continued to live in 'Brynhyfryd Mansion ' . It was eventually sold in 1934 to Rylance Collieries and Brickworks who demolished the mansion in 1937 to mine the coal deposits below .
References
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
Members of the Queensland Legislative Council
1832 births
1913 deaths
Burials at Ipswich General Cemetery
Isabel Pascual ( a pseudonym ) was featured on the cover of Time magazine 's 2017 Time Person of the Year issue , and was one of the `` silence breakers '' listed in the main article . Originally from Mexico , they shared their story about the sexual harassment , stalking and threats to their family they experienced as a strawberry picker in California .
They were featured as one of the top Latinas who dominated 2017 by The Lily newspaper .
References
Mexican emigrants to the United States
Sexual harassment in the United States
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Pseudonyms
The 2020 Mid-American Conference men 's basketball tournament was the post-season men 's basketball tournament for the Mid-American Conference ( MAC ) . The tournament 's first-round games were held on campus sites at the higher seed on March 9 . The remaining rounds were to be held at Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse in Cleveland on March 12 , 13 , and 14 , 2020 and the champion was to receive the MAC 's automatic bid to the NCAA tournament . Just prior to the scheduled game on March 12 between top-seeded Akron and eighth-seeded Ohio , the conference announced that the remainder of the tournament , and the remainder of the women 's tournament , were canceled in response to concerns over the coronavirus pandemic .
Seeds
All 12 MAC teams participated in the tournament . Teams were seeded by record within the conference , with a tiebreaker system to seed teams with identical conference records . The top four teams received a bye to quarterfinals .
Schedule
Bracket
* denotes overtime period
See also
2020 MAC women 's basketball tournament
References
Tournament
2020
Basketball in Cleveland
College sports in Ohio
Sports competitions in Cleveland
MAC men 's basketball tournament
MAC men 's basketball tournament
MAC men 's basketball tournament
Princess is a 7 '' single by Sebadoh , released in 1996 . It was only available by mail-order .
`` Princess '' ( entitled `` Prince-S '' ) would later appear on the album Harmacy .
Track listing
`` Princess ''
`` 1/2 Undressed ''
`` Act of Being Polite '' ( The Residents cover )
`` Moisture '' ( The Residents cover )
`` Suburban Bathers '' ( The Residents cover )
References
1996 EPs
Sebadoh EPs
Sub Pop EPs
Frequency agility is the ability of a radar system to quickly shift its operating frequency to account for atmospheric effects , jamming , mutual interference with friendly sources , or to make it more difficult to locate the radar broadcaster through radio direction finding . The term can also be applied to other fields , including lasers or traditional radio transceivers using frequency-division multiplexing , but it remains most closely associated with the radar field and these other roles generally use the more generic term `` frequency hopping '' .
Description
Jamming
Radar systems generally operate by sending out short pulses of radio energy and then turning off the broadcaster and listening for the returning echoes from various objects . Because efficient signal reception requires careful tuning throughout the electronics in the transceiver , each operating frequency required a dedicated transceiver . Due to the size of the tube-based electronics used to construct the transceivers , early radar systems , like those deployed in World War II , were generally limited to operating on a single frequency . Knowing this operating frequency gives an adversary enormous power to interfere with radar operation or gather further intelligence .
The British used the frequency information about the Würzburg radar gathered in Operation Biting to produce `` Window '' , aluminum foil strips cut to 1/2 the length of the wavelength of the Würzburg , rendering it almost useless . They also produced jammer units , `` Carpet '' and `` Shivers '' , that broadcast signals on the Würzburg 's frequency , producing confusing displays that were useless for aiming . Post-war calculations estimated these efforts reduced the combat effectiveness of the Würzburg by 75 % . These countermeasures forced the Germans to upgrade thousands of units in the field to operate on different frequencies .
Knowing the frequency of the Würzburg also helped the British in their attempts to locate the systems using radio direction finders , allowing aircraft to be routed around the radars , or at least be kept at longer distances from them . It also helped them to find new operating frequencies as they were introduced , by selecting the location of known installations when they disappeared and singling them out for further study .
Agile
A radar system that can operate on several different frequencies makes these countermeasures more difficult to implement . For instance , if a jammer is developed to operate against a known frequency , changing that frequency in some of the in-field sets will render the jammer ineffective against those units . To counter this , the jammer has to listen on both frequencies , and broadcast on the one that particular radar is using .
To further frustrate these efforts , a radar can rapidly switch between the two frequencies . No matter how quickly the jammer responds , there will be a delay before it can switch and broadcast on the active frequency . During this period of time the aircraft is unmasked , allowing detection . In its ultimate incarnation , each radar pulse is sent out on a different frequency and therefore renders single-frequency jamming almost impossible . In this case the jammers are forced to broadcast on every possible frequency at the same time , greatly reducing its output on any one channel . With a wide selection of possible frequencies , jamming can be rendered completely ineffective .
Additionally , having a wide variety of frequencies makes ELINT much more difficult . If only a certain subset of the possible frequencies are used in normal operation the adversary is denied information on what frequencies might be used in a wartime situation . This was the idea behind the AMES Type 85 radar in the Linesman/Mediator network in the United Kingdom . The Type 85 had twelve klystrons that could be mixed to produce sixty output frequencies , but only four of the klystrons were used in peacetime , in order to deny the Soviet Union any information about what signals would be used during a war .
Improving electronics
One of the primary reasons that early radars did not use more than one frequency was the size of their tube based electronics . As their size was reduced through improved manufacturing , even early systems were upgraded to offer more frequencies . These , however , were not generally able to be switched on the fly through the electronics itself , but were controlled manually and thus were not really agile in the modern sense .
`` Brute force '' frequency agility , like the Linesman , was common on large early warning radars but less common on smaller units where the size of klystrons remained a problem . In the 1960s solid state components dramatically decreased the size of the receivers , allowing several solid-state receivers to fit into the space formerly occupied by a single tube-based system . This space could be used for additional broadcasters and offer some agility even on smaller units .
Passive electronically scanned array ( PESA ) radars , introduced in the 1960s , used a single microwave source and a series of delays to drive a large number of antenna elements ( the array ) and electronically steer the radar beam by changing the delay times slightly . The development of solid-state microwave amplifiers , JFETs and MESFETs , allowed the single klystron to be replaced by a number of separate amplifiers , each one driving a subset of the array but still producing the same amount of total power . Solid-state amplifiers can operate at a wide range of frequencies , unlike a klystron , so solid-state PESAs offered much greater frequency agility , and were much more resistant to jamming .
The introduction of active electronically scanned arrays ( AESAs ) further evolved this process . In a PESA the broadcast signal is a single frequency , although that frequency can be easily changed from pulse to pulse . In the AESA , each element is driven at a different frequency ( or at least a wide selection of them ) even within a single pulse , so there is no high-power signal at any given frequency . The radar unit knows which frequencies were broadcast , and amplifies and combines only those return signals , thereby reconstructing a single powerful echo on reception . An adversary , unaware of which frequencies are active , has no signal to see , making detection on radar warning receivers extremely difficult .
Modern radars like the F-35 's AN/APG-81 use thousands of broadcaster/receiver modules , one for each antenna element .
Other advantages
The reason that several cell phones can be used at the same time in the same location is due to the use of frequency hopping . When the user wishes to place a call , the cell phone uses a negotiation process to find unused frequencies among the many that are available within its operational area . This allows users to join and leave particular cell towers on-the-fly , their frequencies being given up to other users .
Frequency agile radars can offer the same advantages . In the case of several aircraft operating in the same location , the radars can select frequencies that are not being used in order to avoid interference . This is not as simple as the case of a cell phone , however , because ideally the radars would change their operating frequencies with every pulse . The algorithms for selecting a set of frequencies for the next pulse can not be truly random if one wants to avoid all interference with similar systems , but a less-than-random system is subject to ELINT methods to determine the pattern .
Another reason for adding frequency agility has nothing to do with military use ; weather radars often have limited agility to allow them to strongly reflect off rain , or alternately , to see through it . By switching the frequencies back and forth , a composite image of the weather can be built up .
See also
Variable-frequency oscillator
Frequency hopping
Frequency diversity
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
Ian Faulconbridge , `` Radar Fundamentals '' , Argos Press , June 2002 ,
Gaspare Galati , `` Advanced radar techniques and systems '' , IET , 1993 , , pp . 481–503
Radar
Desmond Travers ( born 1941 ) is a retired Irish Army colonel . During their years with the army they served with various United Nations and European Union peacekeeping forces . Since their retirement from the army in 2001 , they have taught military affairs at the Institute for International Criminal Investigations in The Hague . They also served on the institutes board of directors . In 2009 together with Richard Goldstone , Christine Chinkin , and Hina Jilani , they were appointed to the United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict . The report that the mission subsequently published is commonly referred to as the Goldstone Report and Travers is credited as one of the four co-authors .
Irish Army
During their 42-year career as a soldier and officer with the Irish Army Infantry Corps , Travers served with the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus ( 1964 , 1969–70 ) and the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ( 1980–82 , 1984–85 and 1987–88 ) . While serving with UNIFIL , Travers and their family lived for two years in northern Israel . They subsequently served in Croatia ( EU Monitor in 1993 ) and in Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 2000–01 ) . Their last army appointment was as Colonel , Commandant of the Military College , based at the Curragh Camp . They retired from the army in 2001 .
UN investigator
In 2003 Travers was invited join the Institute for International Criminal Investigations based in The Hague . They later became a director at the institute . In 2009 they were asked to participate in the United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict . The report was submitted to the Human Rights Council on September 30 , 2009 and has come to be called “ The Goldstone Report ” after its chairperson Richard Goldstone .
Other Interests / Writer
Travers continues their interest in military history and heritage matters and is a member of the Military History Society of Ireland ( MHSOI ) and is a founder member of the Military Vehicle Club of Ireland
( MVCI ) . They also write and lectures on military and UN matters . They have written several essays for the Defence Forces Review . Their most recent paper was `` Soviet Military Mapping of Ireland During the Cold War '' .
References
1941 births
Irish Army officers
Living people
Irish expatriates in the Netherlands
Irish officials of the United Nations
United Nations military personnel
Tama County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa . As of the 2020 census , the population was 17,135 . Its county seat is Toledo . The county was formed on February 17 , 1843 and named for Taimah , a leader of the Meskwaki Indians .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.1 % ) is water .
Major highways
U.S. Highway 30
U.S. Highway 63
Iowa Highway 8
Iowa Highway 21
Iowa Highway 96
Iowa Highway 146
Adjacent counties
Grundy County ( northwest )
Black Hawk County ( northeast )
Benton County ( east )
Poweshiek County ( south )
Marshall County ( west )
Iowa County ( southeast )
Jasper County ( southwest )
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 17,135 in the county , with a population density of . 93.80 % of the population reported being of one race . There were 7,575 housing units , of which 6,784 were occupied .
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 17,767 in the county , with a population density of . There were 7,766 housing units , of which 6,947 were occupied .
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 17,767 people , 7,018 households , and 4,968 families residing in the county . The population density was 25 people per square mile ( 10/km2 ) . There were 7,583 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile ( 4/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 90.38 % White , 0.25 % Black or African American , 6.09 % Native American , 0.18 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 1.90 % from other races , and 1.18 % from two or more races . 3.75 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 7,018 households , out of which 31.60 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.20 % were married couples living together , 8.00 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 29.20 % were non-families . 25.30 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 13.70 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.01 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 26.60 % under the age of 18 , 7.00 % from 18 to 24 , 25.20 % from 25 to 44 , 22.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 18.70 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 39 years . For every 100 females there were 96.60 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 92.50 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 37,419 , and the median income for a family was $ 43,646 . Males had a median income of $ 30,723 versus $ 22,597 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,097 . About 7.60 % of families and 10.50 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 14.50 % of those under age 18 and 9.40 % of those age 65 or over .
Education
School districts include :
Belle Plaine Community School District
Benton Community School District
East Marshall Community School District
GMG Community School District
Gladbrook-Reinbeck Community School District
Grundy Center Community School District
North Tama County Community School District
South Tama County Community School District
Union Community School District
There is also a Bureau of Indian Education ( BIE ) -affiliated tribal school , Meskwaki Settlement School .
The largest of which is South Tama Community School District , at the 3A designation . Second largest is North Tama Community Schools . Lastly both GMG and Meskwaki Settlement School with an eight-man designation .
Communities
Cities
Chelsea
Clutier
Dysart
Elberon
Garwin
Gladbrook
Le Grand
Lincoln
Montour
Tama
Toledo
Traer
Vining
Unincorporated communities
Buckingham
Long Point
Meskwaki Settlement
Townships
Tama County is divided into twenty-one townships :
Buckingham
Carlton
Carroll
Clark
Columbia
Crystal
Geneseo
Grant
Highland
Howard
Indian Village
Lincoln
Oneida
Otter Creek
Perry
Richland
Salt Creek
Spring Creek
Tama
Toledo
York
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Tama County .
† county seat
Notable people
George R. Struble ( 1836–1918 ) . Iowa judge and politician from Toledo . Speaker of the Iowa House of Representatives , 1881–1883 . Ardent prohibitionist . Brother of John T. Struble of Johnson County , and Congressman Isaac S. Struble of Plymouth County . Biography in the Journal of the House , memorial resolution of 3/23/1921 .
Michael Emerson , born in Cedar Rapids and raised in Toledo , Emerson has been on Broadway and appeared on Lost .
Clifford Berry ( 1918-1963 ) , born in Gladbrook , was a graduate student at Iowa State when they and John Vincent Atanasoff created the Atanasoff–Berry Computer ( ABC ) , the first digital electronic computer , in 1939 .
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Tama County , Iowa
References
External links
IAGenWeb History , Biographies , Records and more
Iowa placenames of Native American origin
1843 establishments in Iowa Territory
Populated places established in 1843
Smithfield Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located near Amenia , Dutchess County , New York . It was built about 1847–1848 , and is a one-story , Greek Revival style heavy timber frame church sheathed in clapboard . It has a stone foundation and gable roof and features a tetrastyle portico supported by four Ionic order columns . The church was refurbished in 1938 . Also on the property is a contributing horse shed , Sexton 's House ( 1857 ) , and church cemetery , with the earliest grave dated to 1737 . George Whitefield ( 1714-1770 ) preached an open air revival sermon at the church in June 1770 .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2012 .
References
External links
church website
Presbyterian churches in New York ( state )
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in New York ( state )
Greek Revival church buildings in New York ( state )
Churches completed in 1848
1737 establishments in the Province of New York
Churches in Dutchess County , New York
National Register of Historic Places in Dutchess County , New York
B-cell may refer to :
B cells , lymphocytes that mature in bone
Beta cells ( β cells ) , in the pancreatic islets that produce insulin
The Wall Tour was a concert tour by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd throughout 1980–1981 in support of their concept album The Wall .
The tour was relatively small compared to previous tours for a major release , with only 31 shows in total . The tour was notable for its extensive use of stage theatrics , most notably a giant wall constructed across the stage to convey the sense of alienation present in both the album , and Roger Waters ' personal feelings at the time .
This was the last tour of Pink Floyd with Roger Waters . 17 June 1981 was the last concert of the tour , and the last concert with Waters ( until 2 July 2005 at Live 8 24 years later ) .
Background
`` I was struck by the thought that there was a huge wall , that you could n't see , between me and the audience , '' explained Roger Waters . `` Then I drew it and started to talk to people about it . And they thought I was mad , because my original idea was to start building a wall at the beginning of the show and , when it 's finished , they ca n't see you or hear you any more , and then the show is over . ''
The tour 's costs were estimated to have reached US $ 1.5 million even before the first performance ( equivalent to US $ 4.7 million as of 2021 ) . The New York Times stated in its 2 March 1980 edition : `` The Wall show remains a milestone in rock history though and there 's no point in denying it . Never again will one be able to accept the technical clumsiness , distorted sound and meagre visuals of most arena rock concerts as inevitable . '' It concluded , `` The Wall show will be the touchstone against which all future rock spectacles must be measured . ''
Nick Mason explained :
The concert was performed just 31 times in four cities : Los Angeles ( 7 shows ) , Uniondale ( 5 ) , Dortmund ( 8 ) and London ( 11 ) . The primary 'tour ' consisted of 18 shows in L.A. , Uniondale and London in 1980 , but the band performed a further eight shows in Dortmund ( 13–20 February 1981 ) and five more shows at Earl 's Court ( 13–17 June ) for filming , with the intention of integrating the shows into the upcoming movie .
The London shows are documented on the album Is There Anybody Out There ? The Wall Live 1980-81 .
David Gilmour and Mason attempted to convince Waters to expand the show for a more lucrative , large-scale stadium tour , but because of the nature of the material ( one of the primary themes is the distance between an artist and their audience ) Waters balked at this .
Discord in the band
On tour , relations between Gilmour , Mason , Waters and Richard Wright were at an all-time low : their four Winnebagos were parked in a circle with the doors facing away from the centre ; an isolated Waters used their own vehicle to arrive at each venue and stayed in separate hotels from Gilmour , Mason and Wright . Despite having left the band upon completion of the album , Wright agreed to complete the tour as a salaried musician , and consequently ended up being the only member of the group who made any money from the venture . `` I did not just want to walk out on this great thing I 'd been working on , '' they recalled . `` I just decided I 'd go out and play my best , possibly with the hope that , if it worked out , [ Waters ' ] decision to have me out could have been reverted . ''
Concert film
The idea to include live concert footage of any significant length for The Wall film was dropped shortly before the final shows took place . There are conflicting statements regarding the professionally filmed footage . It had been widely believed that 'the wrong type of film ' had been used and the results were dark and murky . Mark Fisher , partly responsible for designing the show said the footage was : 'very dark and horrible and boring and should be burned ' . Alan Parker themselves said : ' [ the filming of the shows were ] five blown opportunities ' . These rumours were partially scotched when the Channel 4 documentary 'Behind the Wall ' ( 2000 ) used perfectly clear footage from the 1981 concerts . 27 February and 9 August 1980 concerts were shot on videotape . David Gilmour has stated in an interview that only three tracks were captured on film :
Roger Waters said on an episode of In the Studio with Redbeard which devoted two parts to the making of The Wall that `` the London shows in 1980/81 were filmed and they had all of the footage and was thinking of putting it together to be released . However felt extremely reluctant to release the concerts on the video cassette format '' . They also would have to refer to the shows as a document of what went on .
In the December 2009 issue of Mojo , Roger Waters revealed that they had 'discovered a whole load of new footage of The Wall shows ' and was busy 'editing it ' . They explained that they assumed the cameramen decided to shoot more than they were asked to as they had the cameras and `` nobody [ seemed ] bothered '' . Waters has stated that the film is 70 mm . In Rolling Stone magazine , Waters expresses that the footage would `` undoubtedly '' be released to the public .
During Waters ' tour of The Wall in 2010 footage of Waters performing their vocal parts in `` Mother '' , labelled as being filmed in Earls Court in 1980 , was projected onto the incomplete wall .
DVD of The Wall Immersion Box Set includes the professionally shot 70mm footage of `` The Happiest Days of Our Lives '' at Earls Court , 1981 , with mixed footage from 13–17 June . The footage seen on the bootleg Divided We Fall by Harvested DVD is from 6–9 August 1980 , while the audio is soundboard from 8 August in the first set , and 9 August in the second set .
Personnel
David Gilmour – electric and acoustic guitars , vocals , mandolin on `` Outside the Wall '' , musical director
Nick Mason – drums , percussion , acoustic guitar on `` Outside the Wall ''
Roger Waters – bass guitar , vocals , acoustic guitar on `` Mother '' , clarinet on `` Outside the Wall ''
Richard Wright – piano , organ , synthesiser , accordion on `` Outside The Wall ''
with :
Andy Bown – bass guitar , acoustic guitar on `` Outside the Wall ''
Snowy White – guitars ( 1980 shows )
Andy Roberts – guitars ( 1981 shows )
Willie Wilson – drums , percussion
Clive Brooks – drums , percussion ( Nick Mason 's drum tech replaced Willie Wilson on 13–14 June 1981 )
Peter Wood – keyboards , acoustic guitar on `` Outside the Wall ''
Joe Chemay – backing vocals
Stan Farber – backing vocals
Jim Haas – backing vocals
John Joyce – backing vocals
Gary Yudman – MC ( New York and London )
Cynthia Fox – MC ( Los Angeles )
Jim Ladd- MC ( Los Angeles )
Ace Young – MC ( Los Angeles )
Willi Thomczyk – MC ( Dortmund )
Set list
The 1980/1981 set lists comprised the entire album , The Wall . The songs that did not make it onto the album , `` What Shall We Do Now ? `` , as well as an extra verse in `` The Show Must Go On '' , and the then-untitled `` The Last Few Bricks '' , were also played .
Set one
`` In the Flesh ? ''
`` The Thin Ice ''
`` Another Brick in the Wall , Part 1 ''
`` The Happiest Days of Our Lives ''
`` Another Brick in the Wall , Part 2 ''
`` Mother ''
`` Goodbye Blue Sky ''
`` Empty Spaces ''
`` What Shall We Do Now ? ''
`` Young Lust ''
`` One of My Turns ''
`` Do n't Leave Me Now ''
`` Another Brick in the Wall , Part 3 ''
`` The Last Few Bricks ''
`` Goodbye Cruel World ''
Set two
`` Hey You ''
`` Is There Anybody Out There ? ''
`` Nobody Home ''
`` Vera ''
`` Bring the Boys Back Home ''
`` Comfortably Numb ''
`` The Show Must Go On ''
`` In the Flesh ''
`` Run Like Hell ''
`` Waiting for the Worms ''
`` Stop ''
`` The Trial ''
`` Outside the Wall ''
Tour dates
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Pinkfloydz.com
Pink Floyd concert tours
1980 concert tours
1981 concert tours
The Wall ( rock opera )
Steimle is a German surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Eugen Steimle ( 1909–1987 ) , German Nazi war criminal
Jannik Steimle ( born 1996 ) , German cyclist
, German standup comic
See also
Steimel
German-language surnames
de : Steimle
In philosophy , transcendental apperception is a term employed by Immanuel Kant and subsequent Kantian philosophers to designate that which makes experience possible . The term can also be used to refer to the junction at which the self and the world come together .
Transcendental apperception is the uniting and building of coherent consciousness out of different elementary inner experiences ( differing in both time and topic , but all belonging to self-consciousness ) . For example , the experience of `` passing of time '' relies on this transcendental unity of apperception , according to Kant .
There are six steps to transcendental apperception :
All experience is the succession of a variety of contents ( an idea taken from David Hume ) .
To be experienced at all , the successive data must be combined or held together in a unity for consciousness .
Unity of experience therefore implies a unity of self .
The unity of self is as much an object of experience as anything is .
Therefore , experience both of the self and its objects rests on acts of synthesis that , because they are the conditions of any experience , are not themselves experienced .
These prior syntheses are made possible by the categories . Categories allow us to synthesize the self and the objects .
One consequence of Kant 's notion of transcendental apperception is that the `` self '' is only ever encountered as appearance , never as it is in itself .
The term was later adapted in psychology by Johann Friedrich Herbart ( see Apperception ) .
References
Sources
Glendinning , Simon , ed . 1999 . The Edinburgh Encyclopedia of Continental Philosophy . Vol . 1999 , pt . 2 . Edinburgh : Edinburgh UP . .
Kantianism
Perception
is a near-Earth object of the Atira group .
Discovery
was discovered at G=20.4 mag on 2020 April 28 by the Mount Lemmon Survey using the 0.5 m reflector + 10 K CCD .
Orbit and classification
It orbits the Sun at a distance of 0.7–0.9 AU once every 9 months ( 271 days ; semi-major axis of 0.82 AU ) . Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.15 and an unusually high inclination of 50° with respect to the ecliptic .
The orbital evolution of leads the object into the Aten orbital realm periodically .
References
External links
Minor planet object articles ( unnumbered )
Discoveries by MLS
20200428
Święcica ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately south of Wierzbica , north-west of Chełm , and east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Telchac Pueblo Municipality ( es : Municipio de Telchac Pueblo ) is one of the 106 municipalities of the Mexican state of Yucatán . It is located to the north of the Yucatán Peninsula .
Toponymy
The name of municipality comes from the Maya language and officially translated into Spanish means `` Rain or necessary water '' , as the result of the words Tel , contraction of teel , indispensable or necessary and chac , contraction of chaac , rain or water . Erroneously it is said that meaning is `` Red Rooster '' ( Tel means rooster and Chac means red ) .
The denomination `` Pueblo '' ( ) , is used to differentiate it from the nearby town called Telchac Puerto ( ) . Both were once a single municipality , but in 1932 , for political problems , it split into two municipalities . When Telchac Puerto was part of Telchac Pueblo its name was Miramar , and even now there is an area that keeps that name in Telchac Puerto , Telchac Pueblo kept that area after the separation , but eventually , lost that part and the town lost all the territory bordering the sea .
Geography
Telchac Pueblo is located in the north-central part of the state of Yucatán , and has a land area of 81.75 square kilometers . It shares borders on the north with the Telchac Puerto Municipality , on the east with the Sinanché Municipality , on the south with Motul Municipality and on the west with Dzemul Municipality .
Topography and hydrography
As in most of the Yucatán Peninsula , the territory is quite flat , reaching a maximum altitude of 10 meters above sea level , and slopes gently downward from south to north , towards the Gulf of Mexico ; physiographically the whole territory belongs to the Yucatecan Carso .
All over town there are no rivers due to high soil permeability , this is a characteristic of the Yucatan area : water seeps into the ground where it forms underground rivers that form cenotes , which are outcrops to the surface of this subterranean river , in Telchac Pueblo there are 11 cenotes , 10 of which are open and a 1 semi-open . The entire town is part of the Yucatan Basin belonging to the Northern Yucatan hydrological region .
Climate and Ecosystems
In Telchac Pueblo there are two kinds of climate , in the extreme south the climate is classified as Warm humid with rains in summer , less humid , and the rest of the municipality is Semidry warm and very warm ; annual average temperature recorded is greater than 26 °C ; Average annual precipitation increases from north to south , ergo , away from the coast in successive bands , the first from 500 to 600 mm , second from 600 to 700 mm , third from 700 to 800 mm and the last from 800 to 1,000 mm .
Telchac Pueblo is covered by tropical rainforest , but significant parts have been converted to agricultural and urban areas . Tree species include pochote ( Ceiba pentandra ) , cedro ( Cedrela odorata ) and chacá ( Bursera simaruba ) . Fauna includes rabbits , opossums , pocket gophers , eared dove , white-winged dove , and the endemic species of white owl and pájaro tho .
Demography
According to the results of the 2005 Census realized by the Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía , the total population was 3,404 inhabitants , which 1,730 are men and 1,674 are women ; , the annual population growth rate from 2000 to 2005 was 0.5 % , 24.1 % of the population is under 15 years of age , 62.9 % from 15 to 64 years and 13 % of over 64 , 99.2 % of inhabitants live in the county seat and 19.9 % of the population over 5 years are speakers of an indigenous language , in this case , the Mayan language .
Urban areas
In Telchac Pueblo are a total of seven locations , the major and its total population in 2005 were :
Infrastructure
Communications
The municipality of Telchac Pueblo is connected to the rest of the state of Yucatan by land . Within its territory there are no ports , airports or airstrips .
The main road is the 172 state-owned , This road connects in north with Telchac Puerto , in south with the city of Motul where it connects with 176 federal highways ; the second state-owned road connects in west with Dzemul and Baca , in east with Sinanché , Yobaín and Dzidzantún where it connects with 178 federal highways . There is also at the southern end of the municipality a secondary road from road 172 that communicates with the village of Uci , which belongs to the neighboring city of Motul .
Education
In education the town has two kindergartens , three elementary , one secondary and one high school . There is a library with free online computers and free wireless internet .
Churches
The Catholic Church of San Francisco de Asís ( St. Francis of Assisi ) was originally dedicated to St. Lawrence Martyr , it is now dedicated to St. Francis of Assisi , the patron saint of the village . It is located on the east side of the communities center . The exact timeframe of construction is not known , but the building dates from the end of the 17th century . Many theories suggest the year 1693 , but is not official .
While the majority of the population is Catholic , other churches are present in the community , including Presbyterian and Evangelical churches , a Jehovah 's Witnesses Kingdom Hall and most recently a meetinghouse for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , or Mormons .
Flag Park
This park is dedicated to the Mexican flag , which it proudly waves at its center monument . Its also a meeting and gathering point for the `` Telchaqueños '' , most every day and night of the year you can find Telchaqueños out in the park `` breathing fresh air '' or just chatting , is a deeply rooted tradition among the residents , which in municipalities of the surrounding area is not seen as often . In addition , this park has 4 posts ; two of them serve food , where people tend to eat at night , one serves snacks like `` granisados '' and `` Machacados '' the 4th is a small convenience store . The park has free wireless internet .
There are also another park called the `` park to the mother '' , a gas station , a bank , three sports fields , two basketball courts and playground
Economy
Most of the town 's population is engaged in primary sector of the economy , particularly to agriculture . Animal husbandry is also important , particularly livestock .
Trade and manufacturing activity are other important sectors of economic activity in the municipality .
The professionals who work in the city of Mérida , other municipalities , other states or countries , strengthen the local economy via remittances . Professionals who work in the state , usually still live in Telchac Pueblo and only move to work .
Politics
The government of the municipality of Telchac Pueblo corresponds to the Ayuntamiento , composed of five council members , the first holds the post of Municipal President and the second the Syndic . Of the five council members , three are elected by relative majority and two by proportional representation ; all are elected by direct and secret vote for a period of three years without the possibility of immediate reelection and take office on July 1 of the year in which they are elected .
Legislative representation
For purposes of the geographical division in state and federal electoral district for the election of deputies , the municipality of Telchac Pueblo is divided as follows :
State :
IX State Electoral District of Yucatán with headquarters in Progreso .
Federal :
II Federal Electoral District of Yucatán with headquarters in Progreso .
Mayors
1995 - 1998 : Carlos Raúl Jiménez Tamayo
1998 - 2001 : Juan Tamayo Cab
2001 - 2004 : José Enrique Ruiz Maldonado
2004 - 2007 : Manuel Jesús Aguilar Pech
2007 - 2010 : José Luis Aguilar Cervantes
2010 - 2012 : Heyder Alfredo Maldonado López
Gallery
See also
Governor of Yucatán
Municipalities of Yucatán
References
Sources
Yucatán en el tiempo , enciclopedia alfabética , Mérida , Yucatán , 1998 ,
Municipalities of Yucatán
James Smithson ( c. 1765 – 27 June 1829 ) was an English chemist and mineralogist . They published numerous scientific papers for the Royal Society during the late 1700s as well as assisting in the development of calamine , which would eventually be renamed after them as `` smithsonite '' . They were the founding donor of the Smithsonian Institution , which also bears their name .
Born in Paris , France , as the illegitimate child of Elizabeth Hungerford Keate Macie and Hugh Percy , the 1st Duke of Northumberland , they were given the French name Jacques-Louis Macie . Their birth date was not recorded and the exact location of their birth is unknown ; it is possibly in the Pentemont Abbey . Shortly after their birth they naturalized to Britain where their name was anglicized to James Louis Macie . They adopted their father 's original surname of Smithson in 1800 , following their mother 's death . They attended university at Pembroke College , Oxford in 1782 , eventually graduating with a Master of Arts in 1786 . As a student they participated in a geological expedition to Scotland and studied chemistry and mineralogy . Highly regarded for their blowpipe analysis and their ability to work in miniature , Smithson spent much of their life traveling extensively throughout Europe ; they published some 27 papers in their life .
Smithson never married and had no children ; therefore , when they wrote their will , they left their estate to their nephew , or their nephew 's family if their nephew died before Smithson . If their nephew were to die without heirs , however , Smithson 's will stipulated that their estate be used `` to found in Washington , under the name of the Smithsonian Institution , an establishment for the increase and diffusion of knowledge among men '' . They died in Genoa , Italy , on 27 June 1829 , aged 64 . Six years later , in 1835 , their nephew died without heir , setting in motion the bequest to the United States . In this way Smithson became the patron of the Smithsonian Institution in Washington , D.C. despite having never visited the United States .
Early life
James Smithson was born in c. 1765 to Hugh Percy , 1st Duke of Northumberland and Elizabeth Hungerford Keate Macie . Their mother was the widow of John Macie , a wealthy man from Weston , Bath . An illegitimate child , Smithson was born in secret in Paris , resulting in their birth name being the Francophone Jacques-Louis Macie ( later altered to James Louis Macie ) . In 1801 when they were about 36 , after the death of their again-widowed mother , they changed their last name to Smithson , the original surname of their biological father . ( Baronet Hugh Smithson had changed their surname to Percy when they married Lady Elizabeth Seymour , already a baroness and indirect heiress of the Percy family , one of the leading landowning families of England ) .
James was educated and eventually naturalised in England . They enrolled at Pembroke College , Oxford in 1782 and graduated in 1786 with an MA . The poet George Keate was a first cousin once removed , on their mother 's side .
Smithson was nomadic in their lifestyle , travelling throughout Europe . As a student , in 1784 , they participated in a geological expedition with Barthélemy Faujas de Saint-Fond , William Thornton and Paolo Andreani to Scotland and especially the Hebrides . They were in Paris during the French Revolution . In August 1807 Smithson became a prisoner of war while in Tönning during the Napoleonic Wars . They arranged a transfer to Hamburg , where they were again imprisoned , now by the French . The following year , Smithson wrote to Sir Joseph Banks and asked them to use their influence to gain release ; Banks succeeded and Smithson returned to England . They never married or had children .
In 1766 , their mother had inherited from the Hungerford family of Studley , where their brother had lived up until their death . Their controversial legal step-father John Marshe Dickinson ( aka Dickenson ) of Dunstable died in 1771 . Smithson 's wealth stemmed from the splitting of their mother 's estate with their half-brother , Col. Henry Louis Dickenson .
Scientific work
Smithson 's research work was eclectic . They studied subjects ranging from coffee making to the use of calamine , eventually renamed smithsonite , in making brass . They also studied the chemistry of human tears , snake venom and other natural occurrences . Smithson would publish twenty-seven papers . They were nominated to the Royal Society of London by Henry Cavendish and was made a fellow on 26 April 1787 . Smithson socialised and worked with scientists Joseph Priestley , Sir Joseph Banks , Antoine Lavoisier , and Richard Kirwan .
Their first paper was presented at the Royal Society on 7 July 1791 , `` An Account of Some Chemical Experiments on Tabasheer '' . Tabasheer is a substance used in traditional Indian medicine and derived from material collected inside bamboo culms . The samples that Macie analysed had been sent by Patrick Russell , physician-naturalist in India . In 1802 they read their second paper , `` A Chemical Analysis of Some Calamines , '' at the Royal Society . It was published in the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of London and was the documented instance of their new name , James Smithson . In the paper , Smithson challenges the idea that the mineral calamine is an oxide of zinc . Their discoveries made calamine a `` true mineral '' . They explored and examined Kirkdale Cave ; their findings , published in 1824 , successfully challenged previous beliefs that the fossils within the formations at the cave were from the Great Flood . Smithson is credited with first using the word `` silicates '' . Smithson 's bank records at C. Hoare & Co show extensive and regular income derived from Apsley Pellatt , which suggests that Smithson had a strong financial or scientific relationship with the Blackfriars glassmaker .
Later life and death
Smithson died in Genoa , Italy on 27 June 1829 . They were buried in Sampierdarena in a Protestant cemetery . In their will written in 1826 , Smithson left their fortune to the son of their brother – that is , their nephew , Henry James Dickenson . Dickenson had to change their surname to Hungerford as a condition of receiving the inheritance . In the will Smithson stated that Henry James Hungerford , or Hungerford 's children , would receive their inheritance , and that if their nephew did not live , and had no children to receive the fortune , it would be donated to the United States to establish an educational institution to be called the Smithsonian Institution .
Henry Hungerford died on 5 June 1835 , unmarried and leaving behind no children , and the United States was the recipient . In their will , Smithson explained the Smithsonian mission :
I then bequeath the whole of my property , . . . to the United States of America , to found at Washington , under the name of the Smithsonian Institution , an Establishment for the increase & diffusion of knowledge among men .
Legacy and the Smithsonian
Later in the year of their death the United States government was informed about the bequest when Aaron Vail wrote to Secretary of State John Forsyth . This information was then passed onto President Andrew Jackson who then informed Congress ; a committee was organized , and after much debate the Smithsonian Institution was established by legislation . In 1836 President Jackson sent Richard Rush , former Treasury Secretary , to England as Commissioner to proceed in Chancery Court to secure the funds . In 1838 they were successful and returned , accompanied by 104,960 gold sovereigns ( in eleven crates ) and Smithson 's personal items , scientific notes , minerals , and library . The gold was transferred to the treasury in Philadelphia and was reminted into $ 508,318.46 . The final funds from Smithson were received in 1864 from Marie de la Batut , Smithson 's nephew 's mother . This final amount totalled $ 54,165.38 .
On 24 February 1847 the Board of Regents , which oversaw the creation of the Smithsonian , approved the seal for the institution . The seal , based on an engraving by Pierre Joseph Tiolier , was manufactured by Edward Stabler and designed by Robert Dale Owen . Although Smithson 's papers and collection of minerals were destroyed in a fire in 1865 , their collection of 213 books remains intact at the Smithsonian . The Board of Regents acquired a portrait of Smithson dressed in Oxford University student attire , painted by James Roberts , that is now on display in the crypt at the Smithsonian Castle . An additional portrait , a miniature , and the original draft of Smithson 's will were acquired in 1877 ; they now reside in the National Portrait Gallery and Smithsonian Institution Archives , respectively . Additional items were acquired from Smithson 's relatives in 1878 .
The circumstances of their birth seem to have created on them a desire for posthumous fame , although they had established quite a reputation in the scientific community and lived proud of their descent . Smithson once wrote :
The best blood of England flows in my veins . On my father 's side I am a Northumberland , on my mother 's I am related to kings ; but this avails me not . My name shall live in the memory of man when the titles of the Northumberlands and the Percys are extinct and forgotten .
Relocation of Smithson 's remains to Washington
Smithson was buried in Sampierdarena , Italy . The United States consul in Genoa was asked to maintain the grave site , with sponsorship for its maintenance coming from the Smithsonian Institution . Smithsonian Secretary Samuel P. Langley visited the site , contributing further money to maintain it and requested a plaque be designed for the grave site . Three plaques were created by William Ordway Partridge . One was placed at the grave site , a second at a Protestant chapel in Genoa , and the last was gifted to Pembroke College , Oxford . Only one of the plaques exists today . The plaque at the grave site was stolen and then replaced with a marble version . During World War II , the Protestant chapel was destroyed and the plaque was looted . A copy was eventually placed at the site in 1963 . The cemetery in was going to be moved in 1905 for the expansion of an adjacent quarry . In response , Alexander Graham Bell , then a regent of the Smithsonian , proposed that Smithson 's remains be moved to the Smithsonian Institution Building ; in 1903 , they and their wife , Mabel Gardiner Hubbard , traveled to Genoa to exhume the body . A steamship departed Genoa on 7 January 1904 with the remains and arrived in Hoboken , New Jersey on 20 January , where they were transferred to the for the trip to Washington . On 25 January a ceremony was held in Washington , D.C. and the body was escorted by the United States Cavalry to the Castle . When handing over the remains to the Smithsonian , Bell stated : `` And now ... my mission is ended and I deliver into your hands ... the remains of this great benefactor of the United States. ” The coffin then lay in state in the Board of Regents ' room , where objects from Smithson 's personal collection were on display .
Memorial
After the arrival of Smithson 's remains , the Board of Regents asked Congress to fund a memorial . Artists and architects were solicited to create proposals for the monument . Augustus Saint-Gaudens , Louis Saint-Gaudens , Gutzon Borglum , Totten & Rogers , Henry Bacon , and Hornblower & Marshall were some of the many artists and architectural firms who submitted proposals . The proposals varied in design , from elaborate monumental tombs that , if built , would have been bigger than the Lincoln Memorial , to smaller monuments just outside the Smithsonian Castle . Congress decided not to fund the memorial . To accommodate the fact that the Smithsonian would have to fund the memorial , they used the design of Gutzon Borglum , which suggested a remodel of the south tower room of the Smithsonian Castle to house the memorial surrounded by four Corinthian columns and a vaulted ceiling . Instead of the tower room , a smaller room ( at the time it was the janitor 's closet ) at the north entrance would house an Italian-style sarcophagus .
On 8 December 1904 the Italian crypt was shipped , in sixteen crates from Italy . It travelled on the same ship that the remains of Smithson travelled on . Architecture firm Hornblower & Marshall designed the mortuary chapel , which included marble laurel wreaths and a neo-classical design . Smithson was entombed on 6 March 1905 . Their casket , which had been held in the Regent 's Room , was placed into the ground underneath the crypt . This chapel was to serve as a temporary space for Smithson 's remains until Congress approved a larger memorial . However , that never happened , and the remains of Smithson still lie there today .
References
Further reading
Works by James Smithson
A Chemical Analysis of some Calamines . 1802 .
Works about James Smithson
The Philanthropy Hall of Fame , James Smithson
Articles
Bird Jr. , William L. , William L. Bird , Jr. `` A Suggestion Concerning James Smithson 's Concept of 'Increase and Diffusion . ' '' Technology and Culture Vol . 24 No . 2 ( April 1983 ) : 246–255 .
CNN ,
Books
Reprinted as
Reprinted as
External links
Smithson 's story and will Smithsonian Institution
Smithson 's biographical details from the Royal Society of London
Smithson 's Library at the Smithsonian Institution Libraries
James Smithson at LibraryThing by the Smithsonian Institution Libraries
Remembering James Smithson from Around the Mall
1765 births
1829 deaths
Alumni of Pembroke College , Oxford
English chemists
English mineralogists
Fellows of the Royal Society
James
Smithsonian Institution people
The freckle-breasted thornbird ( Phacellodomus striaticollis ) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae . It is found in Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , and Uruguay . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland . It was first described by Alcide d'Orbigny and Frédéric de Lafresnaye in 1838 , from Uruguay .
Description
The adult freckle-breasted thornbird is about in length and the sexes are similar . The upper parts are brown , apart from the forehead , crown , wings and tail which are chestnut , the wing feathers being tipped with black . The lores and the underparts are whitish , the throat being buff , freckled with whiter spots , and the borders of the breast and the flanks being flushed with reddish-brown . The irises are pale yellow and the beak and the legs are horn-coloured . The song consists of a series of eight or ten notes , the first few being soft , moderately high-pitched and nasal , and the remainder being higher-pitched , clear and loud . It can be confused with the greater thornbird ( Phacellodomus ruber ) , but that species is larger and more rufous .
Distribution and habitat
This species is native to South America where it occurs in southern Paraguay , southeastern Brazil , Bolivia , Uruguay and northeastern Argentina , at altitudes up to about . It never seems to venture far from water and occurs in the undergrowth of wood edges and riverine corridors , in thickets and in scrubby marshland .
Ecology
The freckle-breasted thornbird is similar to the greater thornbird in habits . Usually seen in pairs , it forages in the undergrowth and in more open marshy habitats for insects including beetles and scale insects . The nest is a bulky , gourd-shaped structure with a long , curved entrance tunnel , built on a branch or in a tree fork . Eggs are laid between August and January , and it is possible that there are two broods .
Status
Phacellodomus striaticollis is a fairly common species with a wide range . No particular threats have been recognised and the population is thought to be stable , so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated the bird 's conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
References
External links
freckle-breasted thornbird
Birds of Argentina
Birds of the Pampas
Birds of the South Region
Birds of Uruguay
freckle-breasted thornbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1966 Utah Redskins football team was an American football team that represented the University of Utah as a member of the Western Athletic Conference ( WAC ) during the 1966 NCAA University Division football season . In their first season under head coach Mike Giddings , the Redskins compiled an overall record of 5–5 with a mark of 3–2 against conference opponents , placing in a three-way tie for second in the WAC . Home games were played on campus at Ute Stadium in Salt Lake City .
Schedule
After the season
NFL/AFL draft
Two Utah players were selected in the 1967 NFL/AFL Draft .
References
External links
Game program : Washington State at Utah – October 15 , 1966
Utah
Utah Utes football seasons
Utah Redskins football
Editpress is a publishing company in Luxembourg . It publishes several newspapers , including its flagship daily Tageblatt , the Portuguese-language weekly Correio , the weekly Lux-Post , and 50 % shares in the free daily L'essentiel and the French-language daily Le Quotidien as well as weekly newspaper Le Jeudi .
Editpress is based in the Red Lands city of Esch-sur-Alzette . It has close ties to the Luxembourg Socialist Workers ' Party and trade unions . Editpress 's main rival is Saint-Paul Luxembourg , which is allied to the Christian Social People 's Party and owns Luxembourg 's main paid-for newspaper , the Luxemburger Wort .
Footnotes
Mass media companies of Luxembourg
Organisations based in Esch-sur-Alzette
Notorious is an American crime and legal drama television series broadcast on ABC . The series , starring Piper Perabo and Daniel Sunjata , was announced on May 12 , 2016 . The series premiered on Thursday , September 22 , 2016 . On October 25 , 2016 , the number of episodes was reduced by ABC from thirteen to ten ; however , the series remained on the network 's schedule until December 8 , 2016 , when the final episode of the first season was broadcast .
The series was officially cancelled in May 2017 .
Plot
The show is based on real-life criminal defense attorney Mark Geragos and Larry King Live news producer Wendy Walker .
Main cast
Piper Perabo as Julia George
Daniel Sunjata as Jake Gregorian
Sepideh Moafi as Megan Byrd
Kate Jennings Grant as Louise Herrick
Ryan Guzman as Ryan Mills
Kevin Zegers as Oscar Keaton
J. August Richards as Bradley Gregorian
Aimee Teegarden as Ella Benjamin
Episodes
Reception
Critical response
Notorious received generally negative reviews from television critics . Rotten Tomatoes gave the show a 25 % `` rotten '' rating with the site 's critical consensus read , `` Implausible and populated with unlikeable characters , Notorious forsakes dramatic credibility in favor of flash and fluff . '' By comparison , Metacritic gave the show a score of 32 out of 100 , indicating `` generally unfavorable reviews '' .
Ratings
References
External links
American Broadcasting Company original programming
2010s American crime drama television series
2016 American television series debuts
2016 American television series endings
2010s American legal television series
American legal drama television series
Television series about journalism
Television series about television
Television series by ABC Studios
Television series by Sony Pictures Television
English-language television shows
Sir Alfred Edward Herbert KBE ( 5 September 1866 – 26 May 1957 ) was an English industrialist and museum benefactor . They moved to Coventry in 1887 to manage a small engineering business which grew to become Alfred Herbert Limited , one of the world 's largest manufacturers and distributors of machine tools .
Career
Born in Leicester and educated at Stoneygate House School in Leicester , Alfred Herbert became an apprentice at Joseph Jessop & Sons , crane builders in 1884 .
In 1887 they moved to Coventry to become manager of Coles & Matthews , a small engineering business where their brother , William , was director . In 1888 they went into partnership with William Hubbard . They bought C & M for £2,375 and traded as Herbert & Hubbard . Herbert bought out Hubbard in 1894 and the company was incorporated under the name Alfred Herbert Limited : a company that would become one of the World 's largest manufacturers and distributors of machine tools . During World War I Herbert became Controller of machine tools for the Ministry of Munitions . They were knighted in 1917 and appointed an Officer in the Belgian Order of Leopold and an Officer in the French Légion d'honneur in 1919 .
They retired to Dunley Manor in Whitchurch , Hampshire and died at King 's Somborne in 1957 .
Philanthropy
As well as being an industrialist , Herbert was a philanthropist within Coventry , building almshouses , supporting wounded servicemen through donations , establishing a camp for the city 's poor children , and funding the rebuilding of Coventry Cathedral .
Herbert 's legacy also lives on in the Herbert Art Gallery and Museum , of which they were a major benefactor . In 1938 they donated £100,000 to Coventry City Council to erect a Gallery and Museum on a town centre site owned by the council . The city 's destruction during the Second World War meant that construction was suspended . New plans were drawn up in 1952 , and in May 1954 the foundation stone was laid by Herbert , who also donated a further £100,000 to the project . Lady Herbert 's Garden off Hales Street is named in honour of their second wife .
Family
They were married three times ; they married Ellen Adela Ryley ( 1864 -1918 ) on 17 September 1889 , with whom they had four daughters , Gladys ( 1890–1962 ) , Beatrice ( 1892 -1969 ) , Doris ( 1894–1969 ) and Phyllis ( 1896–1972 ) . They divorced in 1913 .
They married Florence Lucas in 1913 , widow of Lieutenant-Colonel H. E. E. Lucas . They died in 1930 and they paid for decoration of the lady chapel of St Barbara 's Church in their memory and Lady Herbert 's Garden . In 1933 , they married Marian Pugh , ( née Arundel ) ( 1881–1969 ) , widow of Lieutenant-Colonel Pugh .
References
External links
The Best of British Engineering : Alfred Herbert
1866 births
1957 deaths
English businesspeople
English philanthropists
People from Coventry
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
Herbert Art Gallery and Museum
People from Leicester
St Nicholas ' Church , Radford is a parish church in the Church of England in Radford , Coventry .
History
The previous church was built to the designs of George Taylor of Coventry , as a chapel of ease to Holy Trinity Church , Coventry and consecrated on 29 September 1874 by Henry Philpott , the Bishop of Worcester . It comprised a chancel with vestry on the north side , and a nave with the entrance porch at the west end of the south side . The nave was by , the chancel by . There was accommodation for 300 worshippers . The stone font was made by Mr Seager of Coventry . It was destroyed on 14 November 1940 during the Coventry Blitz and four of the fire watchers were killed . The destruction left only one course of stones standing . Some of the people seeking shelter in the church crypt were killed or injured .
The new church was started in 1955 by the architect Richard Twentyman and consecrated by the Bishop of Coventry . The construction is of reinforced concrete faced with yellow brick . The side walls slope inwards at an angle of 10 degrees . The nave and chancel are undivided . The brick campanile contains two bells . The north aisle includes a Lady Chapel and baptistery . The stone font was rescued from the old church of 1874 .
It is in the Anglo-Catholic tradition of the Church of England and receives alternative episcopal oversight from the Bishop of Ebbsfleet .
The church has been designated by the City of Coventry as a Building of Special Architectural or Historic Interest .
Services have moved into the church hall , and the main building is to be demolished .
Organ
The church is equipped with a pipe organ by Nicholson dating from 1955 . A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register .
References
Church of England church buildings in the West Midlands ( county )
British churches bombed by the Luftwaffe
Rebuilt churches in the United Kingdom
Churches completed in 1956
20th-century Church of England church buildings
Coventry
Churches in Coventry
Richard Twentyman
Koczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately south of Kamień , south-east of Chełm , and east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Chełm County
A statue of Jorge Matute Remus is installed along the Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres , in Centro , Guadalajara , in the Mexican state of Jalisco .
References
External links
Outdoor sculptures in Guadalajara
Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres
Sculptures of men in Mexico
Statues in Jalisco
Mohamed Kamanor ( born 15 October 1992 in Freetown , Sierra Leone ) is a Sierra Leonean footballer who plays for FC Kallon as a defender .
Career
FC Kallon
Mohamaed Kamanor was recruited to top Sierra Leone National Premier League club FC Kallon by popular Sierra Leonean football agent Chernor Musa Jalloh , who is well known for recruiting many talented young Sierra Leonean footballers . While at FC Kallon , Kamanor quickly established themselves as one of the most talented players in the Sierra Leone Premier League .
Umeå FC
Kamanor signed for Superettan club Umeå FC in 2012 . They were recruited by Umeå FC during the club agent visit to Sierra Leone in early 2012 .
Kamanor was again loaned to Umeå FC in the following season 2013
References
3 . ^ http : //www.fotbolltransfers.com/news/39593 Officiellt : Umeå FC värvar Lansana Kamara och Mohamed Kamanor
External links
Umeå FC profile
1992 births
Living people
Sierra Leonean footballers
F.C . Kallon players
Umeå FC players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
Superettan players
Sierra Leonean expatriates in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Freetown
Women 's Super G World Cup 1987/1988
Final point standings
In Women 's Super G World Cup 1986/87 all 5 results count .
Women 's Super G Team Results
All points were shown . bold indicate the highest score - italics indicate race wins
References
fis-ski.com
External links
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup women 's Super-G discipline titles
This is a list of yearly Minnesota Intercollegiate Athletic Conference football standings .
Minnesota Intercollegiate Athletic Conference football standings
References
Standings
The 1911 Mississippi College Collegians football team represented Mississippi College as a member of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association ( SIAA ) during the 1911 college football season .
Schedule
References
Mississippi College
Mississippi College Choctaws football seasons
Mississippi College Collegians football
Carlo Alberto Nucci is full professor of Electrical Power Systems at the University of Bologna and the Editor-in-Chief of the Electric Power System Research Journal . They authored or co-authored over 200 science papers in the field of power electrical engineering . Fellow of IEEE and IET .
They have also been Chair of the IEEE PowerTech Permanent Steering Committee . Nucci is head of the Power Systems Laboratory at the University of Bologna . Together with prof. F. Rachidi of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology of Lausanne , they have developed a computer code for the appraisal of lightning-induced voltages in electrical network , called LIOV , which is quoted in IEEE standards . Prof. Nucci is also member of the Bologna Science Academy .
Their research is currently focused on :
Power systems electromagnetic transients
Lightning protection of power systems
Smart Grids - Distributed generation
Dynamics of power systems
Secondary cell for electric vehicles
Career
Nucci received a degree with honors from the University of Bologna , Italy in 1982 . In the same University they were appointed a researcher in Power Electrical Engineering in 1983 , became a full professor and the chair of Power Systems in 2000 .
They serve as the chair of Study Committee C4 in Cigre International Council on Large Electric Systems .
Since January 2010 they have been the Editor-in-Chief of the Electric Power System Research journal .
Personal life
Carlo Alberto Nucci was born in Bologna , Italy , in 1956 .
References
External links
University of Bologna faculty
Fellows of the Institution of Engineering and Technology
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Living people
1956 births
Engineers from Bologna
University of Bologna alumni
Clostridium hylemonae is a Gram-positive and anaerobic bacterium from the genus Clostridium which has been isolated from human faeces .
References
Bacteria described in 2000
hylemonae
Hollygrove may refer to :
Hollygrove , County Galway , Ireland
Hollygrove , New Orleans , United States
Hollygrove , the fictional English village of the Michigan Renaissance Festival , United States
Hollygrove , West Virginia , United States
See also
Holly Grove ( disambiguation )
St Mary 's Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Hardmead , Buckinghamshire , England . It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building , and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches .
History
The west tower of the church dates from the 13th century , the chancel from slightly later , and the clerestory and the top stage of the tower were added in the 15th century . It formerly served a medieval village , but this has disappeared . After the church became redundant it was proposed to convert it into a house , but it was acquired by the charity the Friends of Friendless Churches and is now managed by the Friends of Hardmead . The church was vested in the charity in 1982 , which holds a 99-year lease with effect from 7 September 1982 .
Architecture
St Mary 's is constructed in stone . The nave and aisles have flat lead roofs while the chancel roof is tiled . Its plan consists of a two-bay nave with north and south aisles and a clerestory , a chancel , a south porch , and a west tower . The tower is without buttresses , and has traceried bell openings . At the summit is a battlemented parapet . The parapets of the nave are also battlemented , while those of the aisles are plain . The east window and the two windows in the walls of the chancel contain Decorated tracery . The double arcade dates from the 14th century .
The font dates from the 15th century and is carved with tracery ; the bench ends date from a similar period . In the north aisle are monuments to the Catesby family . The most prominent is a wall monument to the memory of Francis Catesby who died in 1636 , and there is a brass to another Francis Catesby who died in 1556 . In the chancel are monuments to the Shedden family . One of these is to Robert Shedden who died in 1849 on the yacht Nancy Dawson , after an unsuccessful expedition to find Sir John Franklin . Under the memorial is a carving in relief of the yacht . The organ was made in about 1837 by J. W. Walker of London , and was restored in about 1995 by Robert Shaftoe of Pavenham . There is a ring of three bells . The oldest bell was cast in about 1399 by Robert Chamberlain , the next was made about 1499 by an unknown caster , and the third bell was cast about 1599 , possibly by William Rufford . They are no longer ringable .
References
External links
15th-century church buildings in England
Grade I listed churches in Buckinghamshire
Churches preserved by the Friends of Friendless Churches
English Gothic architecture in Buckinghamshire
Former Church of England church buildings
Church of England church buildings in Buckinghamshire
Mungumaji is an administrative ward in the Singida Urban district of the Singida Region of Tanzania . In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 4,740 people in the ward , from 4,320 in 2012 .
References
Wards of Singida Region
Joanna Briscoe ( born 1963 ) is an English writer who has written four novels and several short stories and has worked as a freelance journalist . Them first novel , Mothers and Other Lovers , won a Betty Trask Award in 1993 , and their third , Sleep with Me ( 2005 ) , was adapted for television .
Early life
Briscoe spent much of their childhood in the south-west of England . At the age of 10 , they moved with their family from Somerset to Jordan Manor , an isolated , six-bedroom thatched Devon long house set within of land in a Dartmoor valley . They were rather isolated and they occupied their time reading and writing . Them works written as a teenager were rejected by publishers , but they were convinced they would be an author .
Briscoe 's parents took them out of primary school at the age of ten and arranged for them to be home-schooled by an unqualified teacher at a nearby farm . Many of the lessons were out-of-doors on Dartmoor . At the age of 13 years they returned to mainstream schooling at King Edward VI Community College , the local secondary school in Totnes , where they specialized in English in the sixth form .
Career
Briscoe attended University College London before working for several years as a freelance journalist . Them short stories have featured in several anthologies , and they have contributed widely to publications that include The Guardian , The Independent , The Observer , and The Sunday Times and broadcasting on BBC Radio 4 . Them first novel Mothers and Other Lovers , in which a teenage girl tries to escape from a stultifying rural life , only to fall in love with their mother 's new female friend , won a Betty Trask Award . Briscoe spent a lot of time in New York researching their second novel , Skin , a runner-up for the Encore Award . This explored the plastic surgery and psychological toll taken on women by the beauty industry .
Briscoe 's third novel , the psychological thriller Sleep With Me , published in July 2005 , is according to author and critic Jonathan Coe `` a beautifully written and emotionally candid novel which also happens to be a page-turner . '' It has been published in several languages and shortlisted for the Prince Maurice Award . Sleep With Me was adapted for ITV Drama by Andrew Davies and starred Adrian Lester , Jodhi May , and Anamaria Marinca . Them fourth novel , You , was published in July 2011 , and after being selected as a Kindle `` daily deal '' on 2 December 2011 , went to the top of the Amazon Kindle best-seller ranking for that day .
Personal life
Briscoe lives in North London . They have two children .
Novels
Mothers and Other Lovers ( 1994 )
Skin ( 1997 )
Sleep With Me ( 2005 )
You ( 2011 )
Touched ( 2014 )
The Seduction ( 2021 )
Awards and nominations
Betty Trask Award ( 1995 )
Encore Award ( shortlisted ) ( 1998 )
References
External links
Joanna Briscoe at Bloomsbury
Official website
English women novelists
Writers from London
English lesbian writers
Living people
English LGBT novelists
1963 births
Alumni of University College London
People from Somerset
Writers from Totnes
Siamastogenius cyaneus is a species of beetles in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Siamastogenius .
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
Momotus is a small genus of the motmots , a family of near passerine birds found in forest and woodland of the Neotropics . They have a colourful plumage , which is green on the back becoming blue on the flight feathers and the long tails . The barbs near the ends of the two longest central tail feathers fall off , leaving a length of bare shaft so that tails appear racket-shaped .
Momotus species , like other motmots , eat small prey such as insects and lizards , and will also take fruit . They nest in tunnels in banks , laying about four white eggs .
The genus Momotus was introduced by the French zoologist Mathurin Jacques Brisson in 1760 with the Amazonian motmot ( Momotus momota ) as the type species .
Species
The species complex , the blue-crowned motmot ( Momotus momota ) , has been split into several species . The genus now contains seven species :
References
Further reading
Birds of Venezuela by Hilty ,
A guide to the birds of Costa Rica by Stiles and Skutch
Taxa named by Mathurin Jacques Brisson
Unterföhring is a municipality in Upper Bavaria . It lies adjacent to the northeast side of Munich , and is one of the nearest suburbs to Munich 's central district .
History
Before the establishment of Munich around 1158 , an important crossing existed over the river Isar , the Föhringer Brücke . Unterföhring was mentioned in documents for the first time in 1180 as an independent place ( inferius Feringin ) . Unterföhring was part of the Prince-Bishopric of Freising . Since the Reichsdeputationshauptschluss of 1803 the place belongs to Bavaria . In the course of the administrative reforms in Bavaria the today 's municipality was created with the municipality edict of 1818 .
Economy
Unterföhring is one of the most important media centers of Germany . The 1950s saw the settlement of the RIVA photometric companies . In 1962 the Bavarian broadcaster ( BR ) and ZDF took over RIVA Studios . In 1972 , Taurus films , the later Kirch Group , was founded . Since 2000 , ProSiebenSat.1 Media AG is also based here . In addition , Sky Deutschland and Vodafone Kabel Deutschland , the largest cable operators in Germany , have their headquarters in the city . One of the largest independent film production companies in Germany , the Neue Deutsche Filmgesellschaft , has their head offices here . Unterföhring is also the location of MX1 ( previously SES Platform Services , now part of SES Video ) which provides signal processing and distribution for television and radio stations , and broadcast data services .
Besides media enterprises , major insurance companies are situated east of the rapid-transit railway line S8 in the trade area of Unterföhring . The largest employer is Allianz SE with approximately 6,000 workers . Another employer is the AGIS Allianz Dresdner Information Systems GmbH , an IT service provider and subsidiary of Allianz SE , with a large computing center . Other subsidiaries of the Allianz company are also located in Unterföhring . Also in the vicinity is Swiss Re Life , Unicredit and Health Germany , part of the Swiss Re family of companies , with approximately 600 employees . Owing to the many corporate enterprises , the municipality is free from debt and even has accumulated a large reserve .
Sports
Unterföhring is the smallest community in Germany with an own Rugby union club . The RC Unterföhring e.V . was founded in 2012 and already fields two XVs in the 2nd Bundesliga and in the Verbandsliga Bayern . After its promotion to the 2nd Bundesliga in 2017 it became the first club in German rugby history to ever come from a village and play in Rugby-Bundesliga . Paying foreign players has helped keeping the team in the 2nd Bundesliga .
References
Municipalities in Bavaria
Isabelle Muller-Quoy is a French politician who represented La République En Marche ! in the French National Assembly from June to November 2017 , representing Val-d'Oise 's 1st constituency . Them election was invalidated on 16 November 2017 after it was determined that their substitute , Michel Alexeef , was ineligible as a result of theirs having served as a president of an employment tribunal within the constituency , disqualifying them under the electoral code . A by-election for the constituency was subsequently held in 2018 , in which they were defeated in the second round , receiving 48.55 % of the vote against Antoine Savignat , candidate of The Republicans ( LR ) .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Deputies of the 15th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
La République En Marche ! politicians
21st-century French women politicians
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Women members of the National Assembly ( France )
Members of Parliament for Val-d'Oise
Arthur McFarland ( born December 5 , 1947 ) is an actor and former news reporter for WABC-TV in New York City . They were the station 's lead education reporter , and has held various positions at WABC since their hiring in August 1983 . McFarland was the longest tenured reporter at WABC .
Life and career
In the 1980s , McFarland was an investigative reporter for the station , who helped get children 's injustices and unfair treatment exposed by state officials . Art McFarland traveled to South Africa to report on an anniversary of Nelson Mandela and their race to the presidency .
McFarland was involved with WABC 's early-morning newscast for many years . They originally are a co-anchor alongside Tim Fleischer , while also presenting the daily weather forecast . When WABC revamped Eyewitness News This Morning in 1992 and hired Bill Evans to be the morning meteorologist , McFarland became the newscast 's sports reporter and stayed in that position for several more years . They spent their last several years with WABC serving as the station 's education reporter .
In May 2014 , WABC-TV announced that Art would be retiring on May 30 after spending 31 years at Eyewitness News .
McFarland currently resides in New York with their family and dog . They are now an actor and has appeared in several TV shows , including Law and Order : Special Victims Unit , and House of Cards .
References
External links
7Online.com : Arthur McFarland official WABC-TV bio
American television journalists
New York ( state ) television reporters
Television anchors from New York City
Television anchors from Boston
1948 births
Living people
American male journalists
The Gary Becker Milton Friedman Institute for Research in Economics is a collaborative , cross-disciplinary center for research in economics . The institute was established at the University of Chicago in June 2011 . It brought together the activities of two formerly independent economic research centers at the university : the Milton Friedman Institute for Research in Economics and the Becker Center on Chicago Price Theory , founded by Richard O. Ryan .
The institute is named for two globally influential economists : Gary S. Becker ( 1930–2014 ) and their mentor , Milton Friedman ( 1912-2006 ) , both winners of the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences . While they pursued different scholarly paths , Becker and Friedman shared a fundamental belief that economics , grounded in empirical research , is a powerful tool to understand human behavior . While Friedman is known for their lasting contributions to macroeconomics and monetary economics , Becker is recognized for extending microeconomic analysis to a wide range of fields and topics such as marriage , the family , criminal behavior , and racial discrimination .
A collaboration of the University of Chicago Booth School of Business , Law School , Department of Economics , and the Harris School of Public Policy , the institute builds bridges across disciplines and subfields of economics . Its research conferences , workshops , and initiatives bring economists and scholars from related fields together to share perspectives and refine ideas . The institute also sponsors an active visiting scholars program and offers programs and support for students and promising young researchers .
The institute supports research initiatives in traditional Chicago strengths such as price theory , law and economics , and human capital , as well as topical inquiries into important policy issues such as fiscal imbalance , systemic risk , policy uncertainty , and economics of the family , and newer areas like field experiments in economics .
The institute is directed by Michael Greenstone . An Institute Research Council of distinguished faculty from collaborating university units advises the institute .
References
External links
Research institutes of the University of Chicago
Economic research institutes
During the Portuguese colonization of Brazil , homosexuality was illegal in the country between 1533 and 1830 , due to the imposition of the Portuguese Penal Code , which was influenced by the British Buggery Act 1533 .
In 1830 , eight years after the end of the Portuguese domain , sodomy laws were eliminated from the new Penal Code of Brazil .
After the French overseas territories located in the Americas , Brazil was the first country in the New World and Southern Hemisphere to legalize homosexuality . Today in South America only Guyana , a former British colony , considers homosexuality illegal .
Since 1985 the Federal Council of Medicine of Brazil does not consider homosexuality as deviant . In 1999 , the Federal Council of Psychology published a resolution that has standardized the conduct of psychologists face the question : `` ... psychologists did not collaborate with events or services proposing treatment and cure of homosexuality . '' In 1990 , five years after Brazil removed homosexuality from its list of mental illnesses , the General Assembly of the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , with headquarters in Geneva , Switzerland , removed homosexuality , in the International Classification of Diseases ( ICD ) .
See also
LGBT rights in the Americas
LGBT rights in Brazil
LGBT rights by country or territory
Sodomy laws
References
LGBT law in Brazil
LGBT rights in Brazil
The women 's team Squash event was part of the squash programme and took place between September 24 and 27 , at the Yeorumul Squash Courts .
Schedule
All times are Korea Standard Time ( UTC+09:00 )
Results
Group play stage
Pool A
Pool B
Knockout stage
Semifinals
Gold medal match
Non-participating athletes
References
Squash Site Page
Squash at the 2014 Asian Games
August Friedrich Adrian Diel ( 4 February 1756 – 22 April 1839 ) was a German physician and founder of pomology at the turn of the 19th century .
Life
Adrian Diel 's father Kaspar Ludwig was a surgeon and apothecary . August Friedrich Adrian studied in Giessen and Strasbourg . They earned a Doctorate in Medicine and Surgery in 1780 , and became a physician in Gladenbach . In 1786 , Diel served as practitioner of the Count of Spaur , who was Judge at the Imperial Court in Wetzlar , and dealt mainly with Balneology . In 1790 they took over the office of spa doctor in Bad Ems ( Nassau ) and , at the same time , was the district physician at their residence in Diez . In the same year , Diel became Aulic Councillor , then Private Councillor of the Duchy of Nassau . They married a native of Diez , Maria Altgelt , but they died soon afterwards . In Diez , in the property known up to this day as `` House Eberhard '' , which their wife had brought into the marriage , Diel planted extensive orchards with reportedly up to 12,000 apple trees .
Diel gained importance as a breeder of fruits and as an author of pomological writings , and laid the basis for the rise of that science in the 19th Century . In addition to their work on the systematics of the fruit trees , Diel also exerted political influence to promote fruit cultivation in the Duchy of Nassau . After the vineyards had been largely destroyed in the immediate area of Diez because of pest infestation , Diel also created large plum orchards . The introduction of cherries at higher elevations in the Lahn area , and the Nassau government regulation on planting fruit trees by the roadsides and on creating orchards in schools goes back to their initiative .
From their marriage with Adrietta Dorothea Christine , born Scriba , were born seven children .
In 1925 , the city of Diez named a newly created road as Dielstraße . In their native city of Gladenbach there is an Adrian-Diel-Straße .
Fruits named after Diel
Apples : Diels Barceloner Parmäne , Diels große englische Renette , Diels Renette , and Dietzer Goldrenette were well-known apple varieties of the 19th century .
Pears : Diels Butterbirne
Works
Pomology
Anleitung zu einer Obstorangerie in Scherben . 1793 ; 2nd Edition in 1798 and 3rd Edition in 1804 with the title Ueber die Anlegung einer Obstorangerie in Scherben und die Vegetation der Gewächse .
Versuch einer systematischen Beschreibung in Deutschland vorhandener Kernobstsorten . 26 volumes , 1799–1832 ( Digitized ) .
Systematisches Verzeichniß der vorzüglichsten in Deutschland vorhandenen Obstsorten . Frankfurt 1818 with two continuation volumes in 1829 and 1833 .
Medicine
Ueber den Gebrauch der Thermalbäder in Ems , 1825 .
Ueber den innerlichen Gebrauch der Thermalbäder in Ems , 1832 .
sowie Übersetzungen medizinischer Werke , u. a. der Medicinischen Commentarien einer Gesellschaft der Aerzte in Edinburg in acht Bänden .
Literature
William Löbe ( 1877 ) , `` Diel , August Friedrich Adrian '' , Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie ( ADB ) ( in German ) , 5 , Leipzig : Duncker & Humblot , p. 127 .
Albert Henche ( 1957 ) , `` Diel , Adrian '' , Neue Deutsche Biographie ( NDB ) ( in German ) , 3 , Berlin : Duncker & Humblot , pp . 645–645 . Full text online .
New updated 2011 edition by the author .
References
External links
August Friedrich Adrian Diel : Versuchs einer systematischen Beschreibung in Deutschland vorhandener Kernobstsorten Frankfurt 1799 ( Scans des Bücherei des Deutschen Gartenbaues e. V . )
18th-century German physicians
Pomologists
1756 births
1839 deaths
18th-century agronomists
19th-century agronomists
The 2021–22 season is Swansea City 's 110th season in existence and their fourth consecutive season in the second tier of English football , the Championship . Alongside the Championship , they will also compete in the FA Cup and the EFL Cup . The season covers the period from 1 June 2021 to 31 May 2022 .
Pre-season
Managerial change
Head coach Steve Cooper left the club by mutual consent during pre-season , on 21 July 2021 . They were replaced by Russell Martin on 1 August , six days before Swansea 's first game of the season .
Friendlies
The Swans announced they would have friendlies against Swindon Town , Plymouth Argyle , Bristol Rovers , and Forest Green Rovers and Southampton as part of the club 's pre-season preparations . However , the friendly against Swindon was cancelled due to `` ongoing logistical and operational issues '' at Swindon . The friendly against Bristol Rovers was also cancelled due to positive Coronavirus cases within Swansea 's first-team bubble .
Club
Club officials
First-team staff
First-team squad
Competitions
Championship
League table
Results summary
Results by matchday
Matches
Swansea City 's fixtures were revealed on 24 June 2021 .
FA Cup
The Swans were drawn at home to Southampton in the third round .
EFL Cup
Swansea City were drawn away to Reading in the first round , At home to Plymouth Argyle in the second round and away to Brighton & Hove Albion in the third round .
Statistics
Players with names in italics and marked * were on loan from another club for the whole of their season with Swansea City .
|-
! colspan=15|Players who left the club :
| }
Transfers
Transfers in
Loans in
Loans out
Transfers out
References
Notes
Swansea City
Swansea City A.F.C . seasons
Welsh football clubs 2021–22 season
Dissociatives are a subclass of hallucinogens which distort perception of sight and sound and produce feelings of detachment – dissociation – from the environment and/or self . Although many kinds of drugs are capable of such action , dissociatives are unique in that they do so in such a way that they produce hallucinogenic effects , which may include dissociation , a general decrease in sensory experience , hallucinations , dream-like states or anesthesia . Some of these substances , which are nonselective in action and affect the dopamine and/or opioid systems , may be capable of inducing euphoria or symptoms which are more akin to the effects of certain “ hard drugs ” or common drugs of abuse . This is likely why dissociatives are considered to be addictive with a fair to moderate potential for abuse , unlike psychedelics . Despite some dissociatives , such as phencyclidine ( PCP ) possessing stimulating properties , most dissociatives seem to have a general depressant effect and can produce sedation , respiratory depression , nausea , disorientation , analgesia , anesthesia , ataxia , cognitive and memory impairment as well as amnesia .
Effects
The effects of dissociatives can include sensory dissociation , hallucinations , mania , catalepsy , analgesia and amnesia . According to Pender ( 1972 ) , `` the state has been designated as dissociative anesthesia since the patient truly seems disassociated from their environment . '' Both Pender ( 1970 ) and Johnstone et al . ( 1959 ) reported that patients under anaesthesia due to either ketamine or phencyclidine were prone to purposeless movements and had hallucinations ( or `` dreams '' ) during and after anaesthesia . Some patients found the hallucinations euphoric while others found them disturbing .
At sub-anesthetic doses , dissociatives alter many of the same cognitive and perceptual processes affected by other hallucinogenic drugs such as mescaline , LSD , and psilocybin ; hence they are often contrasted and also considered hallucinogenic . Perhaps the most significant subjective differences between dissociatives and the classical hallucinogens ( such as LSD and mescaline ) are the detaching effects , including : depersonalization , the feeling of being unreal , disconnected from one 's self , or unable to control one 's actions ; and derealization , the feeling that the outside world is unreal or that one is dreaming .
Use
Medical use
Many dissociatives such as ketamine are used as anesthetics for surgery or pain relief in medical contexts such as in hospitals . However , due to possible psychotomimetic reactions they are sometimes used reluctantly . Certain morphinan dissociatives such as Dextromethorphan are also used in sub-psychoactive dosages to suppress coughing .
Ketamine is also currently being studied and is showing promising results as a possible fast-acting antidepressant It may also function as a possible palliative treatment for C-PTSD and chronic pain .
Recreational use
Some dissociative drugs are used recreationally . Ketamine and nitrous oxide are club drugs . Phencyclidine ( PCP or angel dust ) is available as a street drug . Dextromethorphan-based cough syrups ( often labeled DXM ) are taken by some users in higher than medically recommended levels for their dissociative effects . Historically , chloroform and diethyl ether have been used recreationally ( as was nitrous oxide , at laughing gas parties ) .
See also
Arylcyclohexylamine
NMDA receptor antagonist
Hallucinogen
Deliriant
Dissociation ( neuropsychology )
Dissociation ( psychology )
References
External links
fr : Hallucinogène # Les hallucinogènes dissociatifs
Prince Inae ( ) was a Korean Royal Prince as the second son of Taejo of Goryeo and Queen Jeongdeok . They were a Buddhism .
References
Korean princes
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Robert Barry Dickey ( November 10 , 1811 – July 14 , 1903 ) was a participant in the conferences leading to the Canadian Confederation of 1867 and is therefore considered to be one of the Fathers of Confederation .
Born in Amherst , the son of Robert McGowan Dickey and Eleanor Chapman , they were educated at Windsor Academy and later studied law with Alexander Stewart . They were called to the Nova Scotia bar in 1834 , and to the New Brunswick bar in 1835 . They were made a Queen 's Counsel in 1863 . They served as both judge and registrar of probate in Cumberland County for 20 years . In 1844 , they married Mary Blair , one of Alexander Stewart 's daughters . Dickey was a director of the Nova Scotia Electric Telegraph Company and consular agent for the United States at Amherst .
From 1858 to 1867 , Dickey was appointed to the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia . In 1867 , they were appointed to the Senate of Canada representing the senatorial division of Amherst , Nova Scotia . A Conservative , they served until their death in 1903 .
Their son Arthur Rupert Dickey served as a member of the House of Commons .
Their daughter Mary married the English landscape architect Henry Ernest Milner .
References
External links
Library and Archives Canada Profile
1811 births
1903 deaths
Canadian Presbyterians
Canadian senators from Nova Scotia
Fathers of Confederation
Conservative Party of Canada ( 1867–1942 ) senators
Members of the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia
People from Amherst , Nova Scotia
Colony of Nova Scotia judges
Persons of National Historic Significance ( Canada )
Canadian Queen 's Counsel
Queen 's Counsel 1801–1900
