Forget Mbappe and Dembele , Marco Asensio is the real deal
Marco Asensio might not be as much-hyped as the other two , but he is the better one ...
A star in the making
That day , Marco Asensio was in tears . He wished his mother was there , the woman whose dream he was fulfilling at that moment . But life can be cruel at times , it was with him – he had lost her to cancer in 2011 , at the tender age of 15 .
12 years to that moment , she had told a billionaire construction magnate , “ this is our son , Marco , and one day he will play for Real Madrid. ” That man was Florentino Perez , who recalled that incident that day when Marco Asensio stood beside him , teary-eyed , as Real Madrid 's new signing .
Asensio had fulfilled his mother 's dream , but she was n't there to see it . You could see the pain in his tears ; after all , every child wants to see the smiling faces of their parents after accomplishing their dreams .
But , alas , he could n't see her smile . The excruciating moments of his mother 's final moments must have relighted in his head . She must have said , ‘ son , work hard and realise my dream , I will be cheering from up above . '
And when he blasted a shot past Marc-Andre ter Stegen after eluding Gerard Pique , her soul must have raised arms and exclaimed to the angels , ‘ that 's my boy ! ' – of this , there is no doubt . She , a Dutch , loved football and named her son 'Marco ' after the great van Basten .
The rise and rise of Asensio
Asensio eludes Pique
Marco Asensio Willemsen started making a name for himself while playing for RCD Mallorca . Despite being only 17 years-old , he made his first-team debut for Mallorca in the second division of Spain and instantly made an impact .
Initially a winger , his then coach , Valeri Karpin , moved him to the centre and further enhanced his game . After repeated insistence from tennis star , Rafael Nadal , who is a Madridista and also owns a stake at Mallorca , Real Madrid snapped up the whizkid as a mere 18-year-old on December , 2014 , and let him stay at Mallorca on loan for the rest of the reason .
After another year on loan at Espanyol , where he was highly impressive , Asensio was retained for the 2016-17 season . It was the beginning of his rise at Real Madrid as he scored on his competitive debut , league debut , Champions League debut and Copa del Rey debut that season .
And his debut in the Spanish Super Cup against Barcelona also saw him score a stunner after evading his marker , Gerard Pique , with a blazing shot .
The Special Asensio
Asensio celebrates after scring against Sevilla
By now , most of you must have realised that Asensio is a special talent . We are living at a time where there are a good three or four kids who are taking the football world by storm . Kylian Mbappe , Marcus Rashford and Ousmane Dembele are being earmarked as future Ballon d'Or winners , but the one creating lesser attention is perhaps better than all of them .
Marco Asensio does n't zig-zag past his opponents with mazy dribbles , neither will he do fancy step-overs . It is for this reason that he is n't talked of in the same breath as the other three . However , what makes him better than them is his ability to make the right decisions at the right time .
He knows when to take on the defenders and when to just play a simple pass . This maturity when it comes to taking decisions is what makes him such a wonderful player . The former Mallorca player hovers around the pitch , connecting the play with the rest of his team-mates in the most delightful manner .
It is almost like a spider moving around , weaving its web all around the park for the opponents to fall prey in . And almost often , they do . His finishing is also another great asset . Most of his goals at Madrid have come from precise placing of the ball .
Be it his debut stunner against Sevilla last season – where he caressed the ball to the top-right corner with unbelievable control – or his Champions League final goal against Juventus , which exuded his brilliant awareness of the goal , this kid knows how to put the ball into the net with grace .
He oozes a sense of humility coupled with confidence on the pitch . When asked about how he approaches the game , he said , “ I never get nervous on the football field , I have been playing this game all my life . ”
This is the kind of attitude that assures a bright future for the Mallorcan star . While there is no doubt that Kylian Mbappe and Ousmane Dembele are enormously talented , Marco Asensio is the better player and has more chances of succeeding than the two Frenchman .
Both Dembele and Mbappe have an insane amount of natural talent , but often lack the maturity in decision-making – especially the former – which is something Asensio has in abundance at such a young age .
`` It 's an emotional day , '' he said when he was presented as Real Madrid 's new player . `` I have dreamed of this since I was young . I would like to thank my family , my father and my brother , and my mother , who I know is always supporting me from above . ''
She is , Marco , and she always will be – you have already made her proud , kid .
A New Jersey man who spent decades preparing his home for doomsday is donating all of his stored food to families affected by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico.Joseph Badame lost his wife and was in the process of losing his Medford home when the 74-year-old met a couple raising money for their family affected by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico.Badame made a $ 100 donation , and then led the couple to the room where he stored all of his food and told them to take it all . `` I just ca n't put into words just how much food there was , '' Victoria Martinez-Barber , 30 , told the Washington Post . `` It was enough to feed a town . `` Badame had gathered 80 barrels of food that each could sustain 84 people for four months . He said the food , which included dried beans , rice , flour , sugar , pancake mixes and more , would have been thrown away otherwise . `` I 've lost everything . My wife , my house , everything , '' he told NJ.com . `` The last thing I was going to lose is the food . `` Badame started preparing for the worst with his wife Phyliss in the 1970s . The two equipped their basement with multiple kitchens and bathrooms , a bomb shelter and survival books . He estimated they spent close to a million dollars on the project.Their prepping was put on hold after Phyliss suffered a massive stroke in 2005 that left her paralyzed.Badame quit his job , took out a half-million loan on his house and spent his time caring for his wife . By the time his wife died in 2013 , he was broke.The bank foreclosed on his property , and it was at the estate sale last month where Badame met Martinez-Barber and her husband , Anthony Barber.Badame said meeting the two gave him a new purpose in life . `` Phyliss and I prepared all this for one group of people and it turns out it 's going to help another group of people , '' he said . `` That 's wonderful . ''
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
Holiday baked goods were for sale at First Community Church in Joplin this Sunday . Cookies , muffins , pie , banana bread , carrot cake , and other sweet treats were for sale as part of an annual charity event . And this year proceeds are going to Rapha House which recently did a presentation for the churches women 's alliance .
Chairman Stephanie Everitt said , `` We had a program from Rapha House early on this year to our women 's alliance and she explained what Rapha House does and the ladies just felt like this was a very good cause and decided that this is where our proceeds would go this year . '' Everitt added ,
`` It 's for the community , I mean it 's our giving back to the community . And this is part of what our church does and it 's very important to us . ''
The annual bake sale typically raises about four hundred dollars . Rapha House works to love , rescue and heal children who have survived trafficking and sexual exploitation . You can learn more on its website : https : //raphahouse.org/
Sergio Aguero came off the bench to score as Manchester City made light of playing for an hour with 10 men to beat Burnley 2-1 at the Etihad Stadium on Monday .
City , needing a quick response after defeat at title rivals Liverpool on Saturday , suffered a blow when Fernandinho was red-carded just past the half hour mark for a wild-looking tackle on Burnley 's Iceland midfielder Johann Berg Gudmundsson .
The hosts dominated after the break , however , and took the lead after 58 minutes when Gael Clichy 's low shot crept past Burnley keeper Tom Heaton and into the far corner .
Aguero , introduced as a second-half substitute , doubled City 's lead with a fine finish from a tight angle four minutes later but Ben Mee halved the deficit to set up a tense finale .
City moved above Tottenham Hotspur and Arsenal into third spot in the Premier League with 42 points , seven behind leaders Chelsea who play away at Spurs on Wednesday .
-Reuters
Thomas eyes 'plenty more ' majors after breakthrough victory at Quail Hollow
After tasting major success for the first time at the US PGA Championship , American golfer Justin Thomas wants more .
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017 , 07:10 IST
Justin Thomas
Justin Thomas hoisted the heavy Wanamaker Trophy on Quail Hollow 's 18th green having just earned his first major title – the US PGA Championship on Sunday .
American and world number 14 Thomas carded a three-under 68 to break out of the pack and emerge triumphant by two strokes at eight under in Charlotte , North Carolina .
While his breakthrough win could be attributed to a number of good shots , Thomas cited his chip-in birdie on the par-three 13th as the most memorable .
`` That chip-in on 13 was probably the most berserk I 've ever gone on the golf course , '' Thomas said after his final round . `` I 'm kind of interested to see how I looked for that . Yeah , it was nice .
`` It was a crazy day . Had to be an unbelievable watching today in terms of spectating and sitting at home watching on TV . ''
Even the most casual fans could notice the host of big-name golfers waiting to congratulate Thomas on the 18th green . Rickie Fowler and Jordan Spieth — two of Thomas ' spring break buddies — were there to celebrate with their friend .
`` It 's awesome and I think they know I would do the same for them , '' Thomas said . `` It 's a cool little friendship we have .
`` I just did n't believe Bud Cauley stayed around . He 's one of my best friends . We live together in Florida . I was about ten minutes from going to tee off and he was walking off to go sign his scorecard . So he hung around for an entire 18 holes just to stick around , and not knowing what could happen . ''
Thomas thinks Cauley 's act of loyalty reflects on the current state of the PGA Tour , and how its young stars truly care about one another .
`` I think that kind of shows , you know , where the game is right now , where all of us are , '' Thomas said . `` I mean , we obviously all want to win . We want to beat the other person . But if we ca n't win , we at least want to enjoy it with our friends . I think that we 'll all be able to enjoy this together , and I know it 's going to make them more hungry , just like it did me , for Jordan at the British . ''
With his first major championship win still sinking in , Thomas wanted to make sure everyone knows he will not rest on his laurels .
`` Hopefully I 'm going to win some more [ majors ] , plenty more , a lot more , whatever , '' Thomas said . `` I know you ca n't get to two unless you get one . So I 'm excited to have this , and it 's incredible . It was an awesome day . It was a great experience . It 's huge for me . I mean , who knows what will happen . But it 's just big for the year .
`` You know , we 're getting to the end of the year . We 're getting to crunch time and the FedEx Cup and the Playoffs , and this puts me in a lot better position than I was before the week started . I 'm just excited for that , I 'd say more than anything . ''
A drug possession charge against Queensland Red Karmichael Hunt has been dropped .
A drug possession charge against Queensland Red Karmichael Hunt has been dropped .
Rugby union player Karmichael Hunt will not be prosecuted with cocaine possession after police found a lack of evidence , his lawyer says .
Police had alleged Hunt was found is in possession of cocaine and alprazolam - better known as Xanax - during a search in a car park in the inner-Brisbane suburb of Fortitude Valley on December 30 .
The charge was dropped on Friday following negotiations between prosecutors and Hunt 's lawyer , Adam Magill .
`` It was determined that there was insufficient evidence to prosecute him with respect to the cocaine charge , '' Mr Magill told AAP .
`` ( Hunt ) is obviously very relieved , he can move ahead now and focus on his training . ''
The 31-year-old appeared in Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday charged with two counts of possessing dangerous drugs - one of them being the cocaine charge - and contravening a police direction .
He was immediately stood down from all team-related duties with the Reds when the December 30 incident came to light and has been training on his own since .
The contravening a police direction charge alleges Hunt failed to provide identification to police at Fortitude Valley police station on January 6 .
The case is adjourned until February 19 .
The Carolina Panthers had seemingly everything go right for them in Week 14 in regards to their playoff picture .
After the New Orleans Saints lost on Thursday night to the Atlanta Falcons , the Panthers scored a big-time 31-24 victory over the Minnesota Vikings to improve to 9-4 , securing a winning record , and moving into a tie for the NFC South lead with the Saints ( the Saints own the tiebreaker by virtue of their head-to-head sweep ) .
Atlanta is not far behind , just one game back at 8-5 with their final two games against the Saints and Falcons after they visit Tampa Bay on Monday night in Week 15 . The Buccaneers ( 4-9 ) were officially eliminated from playoff contention with their loss to the Detroit Lions .
Here 's an updated look at the division standings .
NFC South standings through Week 14
Team Record Division Conference Saints 9-4 3-1 7-3 Panthers 9-4 2-2 5-4 Falcons 8-5 2-1 7-2 Buccaneers 4-9 0-3 2-7
The full NFC playoff picture is starting to come into focus . Let 's dive into it , starting with a very bittersweet feeling in Philadelphia .
The Eagles scored a huge victory in Los Angeles , defeating the Rams , 43-35 . The win , coupled with Minnesota 's loss , gave Philly control of the No . 1 seed and secured the common games tiebreaker over the Vikings , which would come into play if the teams finish with the same overall and conference records .
But the win may have come as a costly price , as the fear is that starting quarterback Carson Wentz may have suffered a torn ACL in the victory . Nick Foles finished out the game at QB .
Sign up Like this article ? Sign up for the Panthers Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up .
You 'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow . Whoa ! Something went wrong . Try again ?
The Eagles can still clinch the No . 1 seed with two wins in their final three games at the Giants and at home against the Raiders on Christmas night and then the Cowboys on New Year 's Eve .
LA 's loss keeps Minnesota in the No . 2 seed at 10-3 , with the tiebreaker over both No . 3 Los Angeles and No . 4 New Orleans , both sitting at 9-4 . The Vikings were also prevented from clinching the NFC North this week with their loss and wins by the Lions and Green Bay Packers . Still , the only way the Vikings do not win the division is if they lose out and either the Lions or Packers win out .
The Rams stayed one game ahead of the 8-5 Seattle Seahawks after the Jacksonville Jaguars held on for a 30-24 victory , despite Russell Wilson 's efforts in the fourth quarter . The two rivals will meet in Seattle this Sunday in a game that could very well determine the winner of the NFC West . A ram win puts them two games ahead of the Seahawks with two to play . A Seahawks win ties the teams at 9-5 , but Seattle would have the lead thanks to a head-to-head sweep of the Rams .
Seattle 's loss also moved the Falcons back into the NFC 's No . 6 seed , thanks to Atlanta 's recent Monday night victory over Seattle . Both sit one game behind the 9-4 Panthers . The Lions , Packers and Dallas Cowboys are still in the mix at 7-6 with the Arizona Cardinals just above water at 6-7 .
The Falcons have head-to-head victories over all of the next four teams directly behind them in the standings ( Seahawks , Lions , Packers , Cowboys ) and are guaranteed to have a better conference record than the Cardinals as the Falcons already have seven conference wins , while the Cardinals can only max out at six .
Here 's the total playoff picture in the NFC .
NFC Playoff Standings through Week 14
People gather downtown protest the alt-right movement and to mourn the victims of Saturday 's rally in Charlottesville , Virginia on 13 August 2017 in Chicago , Illinois . Photo : AFP
Washington : Why does n't President Donald Trump just unequivocally condemn white supremacists ?
It 's a jarring question to ask about an American president . But it 's also one made unavoidable by Trump 's delayed , blame-both-sides response to the violence that erupted Saturday when neo-Nazis , skinheads and members of the Ku Klux Klan protested in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Trump has faced such a moment before — one that would have certainly drawn swift , almost predictable condemnations from his recent predecessors , regardless of party . As a candidate and now as president , when racial tensions flared or fringe groups rallied around his message , Trump has shown uncharacteristic caution and a reluctance to distance himself from the hate .
At times , his approach has seemingly inflamed racial tensions in a deeply divided country while emboldening groups long in the shadows .
On Saturday , as Trump read slowly through a statement about the clashes that left dozens injured and one woman dead , he condemned hatred , bigotry and violence “ on many sides. ” The president was silent when journalists asked whether he rejected the support of nationalist groups .
That silence was cheered by the white supremacist website Daily Stormer : “ When asked to condemn , he just walked out of the room . Really , really good . God bless him . ”
Trump denies that he 's racist or sympathetic to such groups . Son-in-law Jared Kushner , the grandson of Holocaust survivors , and daughter Ivanka , who converted to Judaism , are among those who have defended the president against those charges .
Still , he has a history of engaging in high-profile , racially fraught battles .
Early in his career as a developer , Trump fought charges of bias against blacks seeking to rent at his family-owned apartment complexes . He long promoted the lie that the nation 's first black president , Barack Obama , was not born in the United States . As a candidate , he proposed temporarily banning Muslims from the United States . He retweeted a post from accounts that appeared to have ties to white nationalist groups . And he was slow to reject the endorsement of former KKK leader David Duke .
Some of the president 's friends and advisers have argued that Trump is simply refusing to bend to liberals ' desire for political correctness . A boastful , proudly disruptive politician , Trump often has been rewarded for saying impolite and impolitic things . Some supporters cheered him for being someone who said what they could not .
Democrats frequently assert that Trump sees a political advantage in courting the support of the far right . Indeed , he has benefited politically from the backing of media outlets such as Breitbart or InfoWars . They have consistently promoted Trump and torn down his opponents , sometimes with biased or inaccurate reports .
Charlottesville 's mayor , Democrat Mike Signer , said Sunday that Trump made a choice during his campaign to “ go right to the gutter , to play on our worst prejudices. ” “ I think you are seeing a direct line from what happened here this weekend to those choices , ” Signer said on CBS ' “ Face the Nation . ”
White House senior adviser Steve Bannon ran Breitbart before joining Trump 's campaign , and several of the president 's other aides believe Bannon continues to have influence over the website . In “ Devil 's Bargain , ” a new book about his role in the Trump campaign , Bannon is quoted as saying that attempts by Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to tie Trump to the alt-right and nationalists did not move voters .
“ We polled the race stuff and it does n't matter , ” Bannon said , according to the book .
But there is no reliable public polling on the scope of Trump 's support among those with white nationalist leanings or the percentage of the electorate they comprise . The reaction from Republicans following Trump 's statement Saturday suggests there may be greater political risks for the president in aligning himself with bigoted groups .
“ The president needs to step up today and say what it is , ” said Sen. Cory Gardner , R-Colo. , who was one of several GOP lawmakers urging Trump to be more strident in calling out the nationalists and neo-Nazis that gathered in Charlottesville . Gardner said plainly : “ It 's evil . It 's white nationalism . ”
By Sunday , the White House was scrambling to try to clean up the president 's statement . The White House issued a statement saying the president does condemn “ white supremacists , KKK , neo-nazi and all extremist groups . ”
The spokeswoman who issued the statement refused to be named . And the president himself remained silent .
That left vice president Mike Pence , travelling in South America , to offer the kind of comment Trump 's critics sought from the White House : “ We have no tolerance for hate and violence , white supremacists or neo-Nazis or the KKK , ” he said . “ These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate , and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms. ” The Associated Press
Google has been trying for years to get businesses to abandon Microsoft Office in favor of what it now calls G Suite , the collaboration-oriented trio of Google Docs , Sheets , and Slides , plus companion apps Gmail and Drive . Microsoft has long been the productivity standard-bearer , with Word , Excel , and PowerPoint , supplemented by Outlook and most recently OneDrive .
G Suite promises a very low price for businesses , availability anywhere via web browsers , and of course its standard-setting collaboration tools . But can you really base your business on G Suite ? We decided to find out through a series of comparisons . This one focuses on the productivity tools that form the core of the Office and G Suite , um , suites .
One big shift that G Suite presaged was a multiplatform work world . Google relies largely on web browsers to deliver that experience , though it uses native apps in iOS and Android mobile devices . By contrast , Microsoft has focused on its native apps , recently extending them to iOS and Android ; however , it also offers browser versions with limited capabilities .
Due to those different mixes , G Suite is much simpler than Office 365 to deploy and navigate . But as a result of its web orientation , G Suite is also a much less capable set of tools than Office 365 is . For many organizations willing to leave Office behind , the question is whether they can rely on the productivity subset that G Suite offers . To help you make your decision , we 've put together tables on the following pages that show which suites support which key features on which platforms . ( We 've excluded table-stakes features they all support , like cut and paste and text formatting . )
The floodgates holding back the world of Kansas Hunting will swing wide open Sept. 1 with the opening of dove season , and after that the opportunities for hunting and fur harvesting here in our state will be nonstop until next spring .
In anticipation of that , Eagle Communications and the Hays chapter of Pheasants Forever are sponsoring the 20th Annual Youth Outdoor Festival on Saturday , Aug. 19 , at the Hays City Sportsman 's Club , located ¼ mile north of I-70 exit 157 .
The event will run from 9 AM to 3 PM and is a FREE day of target shooting and other outdoor activities for youth 17 and younger and their families . Experienced volunteer instructors will be teaching trap and skeet shooting , and target shooting with archery equipment , air rifles and BB guns , muzzle loaders , and small bore rifles .
There will also be a casting competition , paintball target shooting and a fur harvesting demonstration . Hunter education certificates are not required , but all youth must be accompanied by an adult . A free lunch will be provided and all youth will have chances to win guns , fishing tackle and other outdoor equipment . Contact Kent Hensley at 785-726-3212 or Troy Mattheyer at 785-726-4212 .
————————-
And speaking of hunter education , it 's time to get registered for a Hunter Education class if you need one , and thanks to internet-assisted courses , getting a hunter education certificate here in Kansas has never been more convenient .
To summarize the requirements , students must be 11 years old or older to take a hunter ed . course , and although someone 15 or younger may hunt without being certified if directly supervised by a hunter 18 or over , anyone else born after July 1 , 1957 must pass a certified Hunter Education course before hunting in the state of Kansas . Internet-assisted classes allow students to complete all class work at home then attend a field day to complete their certification . Field days consist of live-fire practice at a range , trail walks and safe gun handling exercises .
Students wishing to take their course this way must be registered for a field day before completing their internet class work . Traditional classroom courses are still available for students preferring that atmosphere , but will require two or three days to complete . To see a list of available courses and to get registered , go to www.ksoutdoors.com , click “ Hunting ” then “ Hunter Education. ” Classes fill up quickly so to be ready to hunt when the “ floodgates ” of hunting seasons open Sept. 1 , get signed up now !
————————–
Unless you 've been living under a rock , I 'm sure by now you 've heard about the total solar eclipse to be seen over Kansas next week , and I 'd bet you 've heard rumblings about it even under your rock . Next Monday , August 21 there will be a total solar eclipse visible over much of the US , its path of “ totality ” being a strip 70 miles wide stretching in an arc from central Oregon through South Carolina .
Folks in northeast Kansas will have the best seats in our state , but the rest of us will still be treated to a good show . I searched the internet to no avail until my eyes were crossed , trying to find a website that would show everyone in the state , no matter their location just how much of the eclipse they would see .
Then I finally wised up and contacted Ross Janssen , Chief Meteorologist for KWCH TV . Ross gave me an absolutely amazing website , www.eyes.nasa.gov/eclipse ; it works best for me on Google Chrome . When the website opens , click “ desk top application ” on the right , then click “ try eclipse 2017 web app , ” then click “ launch interactive . ”
After it loads , click “ enter , ” then a box will appear that reads “ click globe or use menu to add locations ; ” click on the words “ Got It. ” On the right will appear a box with a small list of cities and some plus signs ( + ) below them . Click on one of the plus signs ( + ) and a box will open center screen that will let you type in the name of a city or town or a zip code , then click on the small box that says “ add. ” Your location will appear marked on the large globe in the center of the screen , and in the lower right corner , a moving image will appear that shows you how the eclipse will appear at your location , plus timeline information as to when the eclipse will begin and end there .
Over the next week , you 'll find dozens of columns and stories full of facts and information about this eclipse , so I wo n't attempt to dazzle you with more . However , the next two total solar eclipses visible from Kansas are calculated to happen in the years 2045 and 2169 . So get some eclipse glasses or dust off you welding helmet and watch this thing next Monday ; yet ANOTHER way to Explore Kansas Outdoors !
Steve Gilliland , Inman , can be contacted by email at stevenrgilliland @ gmail.com .
GLENDALE , Ariz. — The reigning National League champion Dodgers are going to be without their red-headed slugger on opening day , and possibly for a while after .
Justin Turner has a broken left wrist after being hit by a pitch during Los Angeles ' 3-1 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Monday night .
Turner was struck by a pitch from right-hander Kendall Graveman in the first inning . Last year 's NLCS MVP grunted and winced as he jogged away from the plate toward the dugout , his hand hanging limp at his side . He was quickly visited by a trainer and replaced by Donovan Solano .
`` I was hoping obviously the X-rays would be negative , but there 's a small non-displaced fracture , '' said Turner , who led the Dodgers last year by getting plunked 19 times . `` We 'll just play it by ear , see how it goes . ''
General manager Farhan Zaidi said the team did n't know yet how long Turner would be out , but players with broken wrists usually miss several weeks . Turner says he 'll visit the doctor again Tuesday to hopefully learn more .
With opening day just 10 days away , the Dodgers seem likely to slide Logan Forsythe to third base in Turner 's absence , with Chase Utley or someone else assuming regular duty at second base .
`` We 're not as good of a team without J.T. , '' Zaidi said , adding `` We do feel good about our internal options . There are guys who can move around . ''
The 33-year-old Turner hit .322 with 21 homers and 71 RBIs last season , though he missed time with a hamstring injury . He batted .333 with two homers in the NLCS against the Cubs , including a walk-off homer in Game 2 .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal believe they would have the edge over Chelsea if they become involved in a tug-of-war for Luis Enrique .
Enrique is on Chelsea 's shortlist while the former Barcelona boss is also on Arsenal 's radar as they look to succeed Arsene Wenger this summer .
But , crucially , Arsenal 's head of football relations Raul Sanllehi has a link with Enrique from their days working together at the Nou Camp . Sanllehi joined Arsenal in February having been director of football at Barcelona .
Enrique , 47 , is the most likely option for Arsenal , especially if they decide to go for a big name appointment with Monaco 's Leonardo Jardim , Celtic 's Brendan Rodgers and Germany coach Joachim Loew the other alternatives .
Enrique 's wage demands are likely to be a sticking point as he would want around £15m-a-year which would be new territory for Arsenal but Sanllehi clearly believes it is a hurdle they can overcome .
( Image : AFP )
Arsenal may be tempted to go for a younger appointment with a head coach role to fit into the club 's new structure including Sanllehi and head of recruitment Sven Mislintat .
That would suit former Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta - now on Pep Guardiola 's coaching staff at Manchester City - while Hoffenheim boss Julian Nagelsmann is another name they are likely to want to speak to over the next few weeks .
Luis Enrique 's history Played 558 games and scored 144 goals in a 15-year playing career at Sporting Gijon , Real Madrid and Barcelona . He won three Spanish league titles , three Spanish Cups and the European Cup winners Cup . He also played 62 times over 11 years for Spain , scoring 12 goals . Since turning to coaching 10 years ago , he has been in charge of Barcelona B , Roma and Celta Vigo before returning to the Nou Camp to take over the first XI four years ago . At Barça , he added two Spanish titles , three cups and the Champions League to his medal collection .
But it is still more likely that Arsenal will go for the bigger name option because it would be a huge gamble to move for the likes of Arteta .
Former Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira has not yet been discussed as a possible option .
Mirror Sport understands that Atletico Madrid Diego Simeone is not interested in either Arsenal or Chelsea and will stay in Spain for at least another year .
( Image : LightRocket )
( Image : AFP )
Arsenal hope to have a new manager in place by the end of May but it is not anticipated to be a quick move .
Another big name on the move is Carlo Ancelotti .
The ex-Chelsea boss has been offered the job as Italy 's national manager and although he has yet to agree terms but is likely to take the role .
( Image : Bongarts )
That will have a knock-on effect for Chelsea who had anticipated boss Antonio Conte would be wanted by Italy and Paris St Germain .
Conte is also set to miss out on Paris Saint Germain with former Borussia Dortmund boss Thomas Tuchel set to get the job on a two year contract .
Conte is still expected to leave his £9million a year post at Stamford Bridge this summer after a disappointing season and a three-man shortlist to replace him has Enrique alongside Napoli boss Maurizio Sarri and Juventus boss Max Allegri .
video size : 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document . .videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; } show more
The course is the first of its kind nationally to be hosted , which allows for certified instructors from different National Guard states or U.S. territories to be recertified on Military Funeral Honors . The course is intended for MFH trainers with an expired certification , trainers with a significant break from MFH , and/or Soldiers that completed the MFH instructor course without certification . Soldiers completed their final testing for MFH training in areas ranging from standards , expectations , and requirements of the Military Honor Guard .
Released by the SD National Guard Public Affairs Office .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
We have updated our crosswords - so you will notice a few differences which should make your experience better .
The new features are :
- The ability to save your progress with any crossword by clicking on the Disk icon
- You can also change the font size by using the Aa icon
- Using the bin icon will completely reset the puzzle and your entries will be removed should you make a mistake
- And to check the solution to see if you 've got it right use the Tick icon
Finally , if you prefer to print the grid to complete it please make select the option to print backgrounds otherwise the black cells in the grid will not show on your print out .
Chelsea transfer roundup : Antonio Conte to go on a £120 million spending spree on four players
All the transfer news and rumours surrounding Chelsea .
@ gaurav_krishnan by gaurav.krishnan Football Transfer Roundup 14 Aug 2017 , 20:39 IST
Conte is not happy with the way things are at the moment
Antonio Conte 's £120 million war-chest
According to reports in the Daily Star today , Chelsea boss Antonio Conte is to go on a £120 million spending spree ahead of the deadline day on 31st August . The Blues manager reiterated the need to strengthen his squad before the transfer deadline and the report states that he could be in for four more players .
Chelsea have already spent £130 million on signings this summer and they have recouped almost as much by selling 10 players including Nathan Ake , Juan Cuadrado and Nemanja Matic . But the paper claims they are far from done with their transfer dealings and are ready to spend £120 million more . The players named in the report are discussed below .
Chelsea to hijack Perisic move
Ivan Perisic
The report in the Daily Star states that Conte is preparing to hijack Manchester United 's move for Ivan Perisic . The Daily Mail originally published the story , stating that the Blues are looking at adding the Inter Milan winger to their squad in the wake of Eden Hazard 's injury and Pedro 's suspension .
Chelsea are ready to pay the £48 million asking price for Perisic and former Blues striker Hernan Crespo reckons that the move could be on . Speaking with the media , Crespo said , `` It 's possible he joins Chelsea – but he plays on the left and on the left you have Eden Hazard , Perisic and Marcos Alonso .
“ Maybe he could come in through the middle or to the right . If you put a lot of money down , even Inter will sell him , but they do n't want to sell him. ” he concluded .
Arsenal could sell Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain to Chelsea
The Ox on his way to West London ?
Another name mentioned in the Daily Star 's report is Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain . The original story was published in the Metro and Evening Standard stating that Chelsea are closing in on a £35 million deal for the 23-year-old Arsenal player . Antonio Conte is putting pressure on the board to make signings and it is understood that he rates Oxlade-Chamberlain highly .
Arsenal are reportedly willing to sell the Englishman to Chelsea and while a fee is yet to be agreed , the report states that the player himself is keen on the move . We will have more on this story as it develops .
Chelsea 's improved bid for Drinkwater could go through
Danny Drinkwater in action
Chelsea have upped their bid for Danny Drinkwater with an improved offer of £25 million for the Leicester City midfielder and according to reports in the Express , this could be accepted by the Foxes .
Drinkwater has been linked with a move to Stamford Bridge for some time now and Leicester rejected the Blues ' initial offer of £15 million but could agree to this new bid , according to the reports .
Chelsea to bid for Virgil van Dijk to complete the splurge
Virgil van Dijk
Several papers including the Guardian , Daily Star and Daily Mail state that Southampton 's wantaway defender Virgil van Dijk could end up at Chelsea . The Daily Mail states that the Blues are willing to meet Southampton 's asking price of £50 million for the defender and he could finally end up at Chelsea .
Van Dijk has been pushing for a move away from St. Mary 's all summer and it looks as though the Blues could end this long drawn saga by signing the player from the Saints .
As always , Sportskeeda will keep you updated with what transpires so watch this space .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rovers defender Rollin Menayese was being closely monitored by Newport County manager Michael Flynn during the January transfer market .
In the end 20-year-old Pirates defender joined League Two side Swindon Town on loan on transfer deadline day .
Talking to the South Wale Argus , Flynn revealed he considers a move for Newport-raised Rovers man , who still lives in the town .
He said : “ I spoke to Rollin 's agent and if Ben White [ Newport centre back ] had have gone back I probably would have taken him , or tried to take him . ”
“ He was on my radar but as soon as I knew Ben was staying I did n't need another right-sided defender . ”
Menayese could make his Swindon debut this weekend as they take on Lincoln City .
Speaking to Swindon 's official website after his arrival , Menayese said : “ I 'm excited and as soon as I was told I was coming here , I could n't wait to get here and just get started .
“ Swindon are a big club in this league and in the Football League as well and they are doing really well at the top of the table . It was a no-brainer .
“ I want to come here and just play games , grow as a player , improve and do my best to help the team get as many clean sheets and three points as possible . ”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The idea of a new Lackawanna County Fair is gaining momentum , with a committee formed by county commissioners last year urging a focus on community and cultural heritage .
“ We came to the conclusion that under the right circumstances , a county fair could be self-sustaining and viable , ” said Armand Olivetti , solicitor for the panel .
The committee did not believe a traditional agriculture-themed fair would work in Lackawanna County , where the economy has been historically more commercial and industry-centered .
“ The concept we came up with was basically a heritage or cultural fair where agriculture could be a component , ” Olivetti said . “ I think if you do this the right way , it will be something very different from a traditional agriculture-style fair . ”
The panel 's 13 members envision tapping into the region 's diverse cultural heritage and inviting businesses , church groups , volunteer fire companies and other civic organizations to be a central component of the event .
One idea was hosting an Epcot-style ethnic food area .
“ You could go around the world , ” Olivetti said . “ Someone might be selling Italian food and Ukrainian food and Mexican . We have Thai around here and sushi and Japanese restaurants . ”
The group envisioned a public-private partnership with Live Nation , Montage Ski Resort and the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders to provide space for the event and perhaps additional entertainment to go along with carnival rides for children .
The panel included volunteers with a variety of experience that could be relevant to organizing a new fair . Members include Christopher DiMattio , chairman of La Festa Italiana ; Corey Susz , former president of the Kiwanis Wyoming County Fair ; and Marc Gaughan , former director of the Moscow Country Fair , among others .
Lackawanna County commissioners are n't yet prepared to commit to the idea .
“ At this point , the county fair is still on hold , ” county spokesman Joseph D'Arienzo said . “ The commissioners are currently reviewing committee information on the proposed program . An announcement on the fair will be made in the near future . ”
Andy Wallace , chief of staff to the commissioners , said the administration has to research and verify components of the report , such as budget projections , before making a decision .
Some of the committee 's projections — which Olivetti called “ very rough ” estimates — included 40,000 paid attendees over five days , or 8,000 patrons per day .
Contact the writer :
kwind @ timesshamrock.com ;
570-348-9100 , x5181 ;
@ kwindTT on Twitter
MONDAY UPDATE brings Times-Tribune readers up to date on past or pending stories of interest . To offer a suggestion for a Monday Update , please email metrodesk @ timesshamrock.com with “ Monday Update ” in the subject line .
Arkansas Man Stuck in Texas , Family Struggles to Get Him Home Video
FAYETTEVILLE , Ark -- A Northwest Arkansas man has been in a Texas hospital for more than 60 days and his family says they just want to bring him home .
After heading to Texas to actually avoid the flu season , Leroy Fleeman came down with a series of illnesses that left him in a Houston hospital more than 9 hours away . Now the family says he is stuck there due to a Medicare loophole .
`` It makes it very difficult to be away we 've been here for more than 60 days , '' Sherry Puttkammer , daughter of Fleeman .
Leroy Fleeman of Rogers became ill and eventually developed acute pulmonary fibrosis placing him at a Texas hospital in May . Puttkamer and family just wants to bring him home but has not been able to due to Medicare not supporting a hospital transfer to Northwest Arkansas .
`` It 's been difficult because we 've actually called and spoke to Medicare and they actually did n't understand it themselves , Puttkammer said .
`` it 's not just an Arkansas problem , but because we do live in Arkansas and that was our first steps we have reached out to pretty much everyone that has to do with any law office . ''
Including local State Representative Charlie Collins .
`` Some things end up getting caught up in the system and I feel like that is what we have got here , '' Collins said
`` I 'm hopeful that we can help this family improve this situation , obviously the number one thing is the health and safety of the man who is ill . ''
According to the family , the insurance company wo n't fund the move back home for Fleeman to be closer to family causing family to have to continuously travel the nearly 600 miles to see their dad .
`` Medicare says that as long as we stay here they continue to help support his care here but if we make the move home that is where the support stops and that 's what is very confusion to us , '' Puttkammer said .
And those who could help pave the way for a move back home say this type of issue can take time to fix
`` Im hopeful there is a way around the challenge but in general these types of things can happen due to the complexity of the regulations the number of people involved the levels of government involved to try to make the system work for everyone , '' Rep. Collins said .
While the family says they want to get their dad home , for now they will continue to fight for other families who might find themselves in a similar situation
`` We also feel like if this is a mission that has been put before us to make sure that not just we get my dad home but that other families as well , '' Puttkammer said .
The family says they have also received support and kind words from other local lawmakers including Senator John Boozman and Representative Steve Womack who are working to help the family in this situation .
By The Associated Press
Top high school prospect Marvin Bagley III has committed to Duke and reclassified for the 2017-18 season , immediately making the Blue Devils a top national-title contender .
Bagley made his announcement on ESPN 's SportsCenter on Monday night .
The 6-foot-11 Bagley is widely considered the top recruit of the 2018 recruiting class , but last month petitioned the NCAA to reclassify and become college eligible for the upcoming season .
Bagley went on campus visits in July to Duke and USC , with UCLA also expected to be in the mix .
Bagley started his high school career at Tempe Corona del Sol High School and ended up at Southern California 's Chatsworth Sierra Canyon High School .
He will likely be in the mix to be the No . 1 overall pick in the NBA draft whenever he decides to leave college .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
MARRIAGE LICENSES
■ Samuel A. Cordaro and Daisy Pascua Pangilinan , both of Roaring Brook Twp .
■ Jack L. Unger III and Ashley Lynn Clifford , both of Scranton .
■ Jocelyn Irizarry-Justiniano , Old Forge , and Jose Antonio Perez-Portoreal , Scranton .
PROPERTY TRANSACTIONS
■ USA HUD , Washington , D.C. , to Jin Ren Pan , Scranton ; a property at 1127 Farr St. , Scranton , for $ 25,000 .
■ Robert J. Jr. and Jean A. Gavern , Scranton , to John J. Gariepy , Scranton ; a property at 1115 W. Elm St. , Scranton , for $ 80,000 .
■ Maureen Boeth , executrix of the estate of Dana W. Preble , Scranton , to Joshua Kahenza­deh , Brooklyn , N.Y. ; a property at 1017 W. Market St. , Scran­ton , for $ 33,000 .
■ Richard J. Mozeleski , Susan C. Mozeleski , now by marriage Susan C. Mursch , and Christo­pher Mursch , Pennsylvania , to Luis A. Morales ; a property at 619-621 Orchard St. , Scranton , for $ 25,000 .
■ Francis L. and Denise A. Lynott , South Abington Twp. , to Alexander J. and Carol A. Lupin­ski , the Villages , Fla. ; a property at 14 Brookfield Circle , South Abington Twp. , for $ 230,000 .
■ Joseph and Cynthia Houser to Eric Decker ; a property at 184 Cemetery St. , Archbald , for $ 143,000 .
■ Salvatore J. Taffera , also known as Salvatore Taffera , and Myra M. Taffera , also known as Myra Taffera , Marlton , N.J. , to Guadalupe E. Aquino , Olyphant ; two parcels in Olyphant for $ 155,000 .
■ Udren Law Offices P.C. , attorney-in-fact for Fannie Mae , also known as Federal National Mortgage Association , Dallas , Texas , to Thomas E. and Kath­ryn Kirkpatrick ; a property on Greenbrier Drive , Clarks Green , for $ 221,000 .
■ Frank J. Tunis Sr. and Angela T. Valvano , co-executors of the estate of Theresa Tunis , Lackawanna County , to Rodger D. Reeves Jr. , Lackawanna County ; a property at 1319 Diamond Ave. , Scranton , for $ 64,850 .
■ Gregory Santarsiero , executor of the estate of Ann Marie Santarsiero , Barnegat Twp. , to 220 Linden Street U 403 LLC ; a property at 220 Linden St. , Unit 403 , Scranton , for $ 55,000 .
■ Sharon M. Gosselin , Lacka­ wan na County , to Carmen Bar­let­ta , Lackawanna County ; a property in Old Forge for $ 191,000 .
■ Gary E. and Andrea A. Mat­tingly , Scranton , to Prakashku­mar Bhagwandas Suthar and Abitiben Suthar , Lackawanna County , as joint tenants with rights of survivorship ; a property at 926 Quincy Ave. , Scranton , for $ 107,000 .
■ USA HUD , Washington , D.C. , to Robert J. Speicher IV ; a property at 189 Washington St. , Carbondale , for $ 26,990 .
■ KML Law Group P.C. , attorney-in-fact for Fannie Mae , also known as Federal National Mortgage Association , Dallas , Texas , to Ghayas M. and Hea­ther M. Salem ; a property at 12 Starlight Drive , Waverly Twp. , for $ 226,000 .
DIVORCE SOUGHT
■ Richard E. Keen , Clarks Summit , v. Deborah L. Keen , Clarks Summit ; married July 18 , 2008 , in Las Vegas ; Frank J. Ruggiero , attorney .
LAWSUIT
■ Jimmie Carter , 200 Lake Spangenberg Road , Lake Ariel , v. Tatyana Holdip , 518 N. Irving Ave. , Scranton , and Kenyetta Brown , 1810 Prescott Ave. , Scranton , seeking in excess of $ 50,000 , exclusive of interest and costs on two counts , for injuries suffered Oct. 25 , 2015 , in an automobile accident on North Irving Avenue , Scranton ; Todd J. O'Malley , attorney .
ESTATES FILED
■ Barbara Reid , also known as Barbara Ellen Reid , 1651 Dickson Ave. , Scranton , letters testamentary to Guy Reid , 1970 Motichka Road , Madison Twp .
■ George D. Hedges , 175 Crystal Park Blvd. , Greenfield Twp. , letters testamentary to Laurel Hedges Lembo , 2834 Treasure Road , Pebble Beach , Fla .
ONLINE : thetimes-tribune.com/courts
`` First , it is better to avoid demonizing the Deep State , which is perceived by many in Moscow as the center of world evil and the stronghold of the pathological haters of Russia . Of course , most of the State Department or the CIA officials , the Congress staff , experts from the main think tanks are not Vladimir Putin 's fans . But these people , at least , have considerable experience of interaction with Moscow and can hardly be considered stubborn paranoids , exalted conspiracy theorists or genetic Russophobes . Deep State consists of rationally thinking professionals , who are always easier to deal with than romantic amateurs are . With all its shortcomings , it is the Deep State that limits Donald Trump 's most exotic and potentially most dangerous foreign policy oddities .
Second , it 's time to change the attitude toward the Democratic Party leadership . For some reason ( probably because of inertia ) the Barack Obama administration is constantly remembered in Russia in the worst possible way , with the two latest presidents constantly juxtaposed . How is Obama bad , and Trump is good ? The stubborn facts show otherwise . For example , Obama pursued a consistent policy of rapprochement with Iran , and Trump returned to the most severe pressure on Tehran . Obama followed the international consensus on the status of Jerusalem , and Trump destroyed this consensus . Obama did not resort to direct military action against Bashar Assad , and Trump did not hesitate to give an order to launch missiles against the Syrian Al- Shayrat airbase . Well , who after all created more problems for Russia - Democrats or Republicans ? ''
Deciphering The `` Deep State ''
Debunking The Dreams Of Democrat Rule
Concluding Thoughts
A proposed reduction in the size of Knaresborough and Ripon councils has been called into question over the impact it could have on their performance .
Both areas could see the number of councillors reduced to 12 , spread across four wards , under the proposals put forward in a Community Governance Review . It will go for final approval before a meeting of Harrogate Borough Council on Wednesday December 13 .
It follows an electoral review for the district by the Local Government Boundary Commission for England which saw changes to the district ward boundaries which now have to be matched on a parish level . However both Knaresborough Town and Ripon City Councillors have raised concerns over what a shift from 15 councillors could have . Members of the Liberal Democrat party in Knaresborough , including Coun Christine Willoughby , plan to put forward an amendment to challenge it .
Coun Willoughby said : '' We feel that there should in fact be more councillors serving on the Town Council not less , this could end up seriously costing the town more . While we do have to change something due to the district changes what is being proposed is n't enough . We want to be able to do things for the community and are a group of unpaid people volunteering for our town . ''
She added : `` While it is to be ratified we have an amendment going forward that asks for the council to look at what numbers are available to other towns , it would put us on a level with a settlement the size of say Pateley Bridge . We are a big town and have a lot of housing proposed in the area so we are going to get bigger .
`` This would be taking away our capacity to deliver , the Government is allowing us to continue collecting our precepts and provide services but we would instead be doing this with fewer people . ''
Under the new arrangement Knaresborough would contain the wards of Scriven Park , Eastfield , Aspon and Calcutt along with Knaresborough Castle . Currently 15 councillors serve across three wards , meaning three fewer representatives overall .
In Ripon the proposed wards of Spa , Ure Bank , Minster and Moorside could cause problems according to Coun Sid Hawke , who said the work load is already difficult with the current numbers .
Coun Hawke said : `` I am totally against this , we are regularly working through the night at Ripon City Council meetings , 7 to 10pm , and we ca n't go on with a workload with those numbers .
He added : '' I just can not see the logic in this , we are n't even paid and we do lots for the community . I myself am barely off the phone talking people over issues even before we come to meetings . ''
A public consultation on the potential changes was held earlier in the year . with 61 people participating in Ripon and 98 in Knaresborough . Following these members of the General Purposes Committee on November 8 voted to recommend the changes in Knaresborough , with eight to one in favour , and Ripon at seven to two .
According to a World Bank study , the South Asian region needs to invest between $ 1.7-2.5 trillion to close its energy , transportation , telecom and environmental infrastructure gaps .
New Delhi ( Sputnik ) : The South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation ( SAARC ) , comprising eight nations including India and Pakistan , has unanimously approved a plan to convert the SAARC Development Fund ( SDF ) to a full-fledged regional bank in the near future . Presently , the SDF is the umbrella financial institution overseeing projects in SAARC member countries with an authorized capital of $ 1.5 billion and a total capital base of $ 500 million .
READ MORE : SAARC Bears the Weight of India-Pakistan Rivalry
`` Our strategy is to convert the SDF into a regional bank in the near future . Right now , the focus is to strengthen our credit portfolio ; once we have a lender 's status then we can raise funds from the capital market through various instruments like bonds etc . `` , Dr. Sunil Motiwal , CEO of SDF , said in New Delhi on Tuesday .
# SAARC Development Fund is in advanced-level talks with the @ AIIB_Official for co-financing 4 cross-border # infrastructure # projects across the region , a move to lay the ground for the body becoming a regional development bank in the near future pic.twitter.com/Nt7TsMwC2K — Tickerplant Ltd. ( @ Tickermarket ) July 4 , 2018
​
The three-day SDF conclave that concluded in New Delhi on Tuesday saw deliberations among members on ways to rope in top institutions like the World Bank , Asian Development Bank and the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank ( AIIB ) to invest in infrastructure projects in the South Asian region .
`` We are in touch with 40 local banks from the member states . Some of them like SIDBI have formalized MoUs with SDF , '' Motiwal said when asked how the SDF intends to achieve financial connectivity among SAARC members .
The SDF has aimed to enhance its credit portfolio to $ 300 million in the next few years by financing a range of energy , transportation , telecom and environmental projects in the region .
READ MORE : India Remains Committed to South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation
The SAARC comprises Afghanistan , Bangladesh , Bhutan , India , Nepal , the Maldives , Pakistan and Sri Lanka .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid have denied claims they have made a bid for Kylian Mbappe .
The Paris Saint-German star only joined the French club last summer when he moved from Monaco for £140million .
But an impressive first season - and a stunning showing against Argentina at the World Cup - has attracted interest from some of Europe 's biggest clubs .
Real Madrid were interested in signing the 19-year-old 12 months ago but have refuted rumours they have re-entered the race .
A statement read : `` Given the information published in the last hours referring to an alleged agreement between Real Madrid CF and PSG by player Kylian Mbappe , Real Madrid says they are flatly false .
`` Real Madrid has not made any offers to PSG or the player and regrets the dissemination of this type of information that is not contrasted with the parties . ''
( Image : AFP )
( Image : EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock )
The club 's announcement comes just a day after the Champions League winners denied they had made an offer for Mbappe 's club teammate Neymar .
Real Madrid are keen to sign the Brazilian as a replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo who is in talks with Serie A champions Juventus .
But a statement read : `` Given the information issued tonight by TVE concerning a supposed offer from Real Madrid to PSG and the player Neymar , Real Madrid can confirm the information is completely false and have not made any offer to PSG or the player .
`` Real Madrid is surprised that the Spanish public television has aired absolutely false information without anyone from the club being contacted to comment on the alleged information that could easily have been denied . ''
The New York Times reviews Shattered by Jonathan Allen and Amy Parnes .
Although the Clinton campaign was widely covered , and many autopsies have been conducted in the last several months , the blow-by-blow details in Shattered — and the observations made here by campaign and Democratic Party insiders — are nothing less than devastating , sure to dismay not just her supporters but also everyone who cares about the outcome and momentous consequences of the election .
In fact , the portrait of the Clinton campaign that emerges from these pages is that of a Titanic-like disaster : an epic fail made up of a series of perverse and often avoidable missteps by an out-of-touch candidate and her strife-ridden staff that turned “ a winnable race ” into “ another iceberg-seeking campaign ship . ”
Franco 's latest record ‘ Flight ‘ has been released today ! It has 10 tracks including the singles Mondaze , Best I Ever , Breaking For The Weekend , and the latest , which premiered on All Good Radio last night , All Nighter . We 're totally digging the new single by the way .
Tracklist :
1 Afterburn 4:10
2 Last Word 4:57
3 All Nighter 4:51
4 Mondaze 4:43
5 Lost In Your Universe 4:22
6 Best I Ever 5:06
7 Aurora Sunrise 4:52
8 Rebirths 4:19
9 Breaking For The Weekend 4:49
10 Goodbye , Goodnight 5:10
Catch them perform live at Johnny B Good , Makati ( formerly Hard Rock Cafe ) on Feb 14 .
You can purchase it on iTunes or listen to it on Spotify .
In some places , garbage and fire trucks are being put in place at entrances to festivals or markets , he adds .
Similar safety measures were in effect in Toronto on Monday night , with streets closed near the Air Canada Centre where the Maple Leafs were playing an NHL playoff game .
Wilner says several vehicles used in recent attacks have been rentals and there may be some appetite for creating a registry to help prevent similar occurrences . What a registry or database would look like is unclear , he adds .
Mubin Shaikh , an expert on counterterrorism , says he thinks a no rental list would be a reactive measure that would have minimal impact .
If there are restrictions on rentals , people can still borrow or steal vehicles , he notes .
`` A criminal will try to take whatever they can , however they can , '' he says .
`` Will it deter the determined attacker ? Probably not . ''
Shaikh , who is from Toronto , said he heard about Monday 's tragedy after landing at an air force base in Germany where he was scheduled to give a briefing on attacks using vehicles .
`` Unfortunately , this is the reality in which we live nowadays , '' he said , adding that he 's become hyper-vigilant when walking down the street and is constantly looking for cement planters or pillars that he could hide behind if a vehicle jumps the curb .
`` At the end of the day , it 's impossible ( to prevent ) . We live in an open society and vehicles are in our proximity all the time . That 's normal city life . ''
By Gemma Karstens-Smith , The Canadian Press
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
This is the moment heavily-protected investigators loaded poisoned Russian spy Sergei Skripal 's BMW into a shipping container .
Footage shows his contaminated car being maneuvered and bolted into a shipping crate , before it was hoisted on to a large military loader .
It was spotted by sales assistant Gary Scriven , 44 , who works near the recovery centre where the car was kept since the attack .
Police released an image of the burgundy car on Saturday as they launched a fresh appeal for witnesses in the poisoning of the former Russian spy and his daughter , Yulia .
( Image : SWNS )
Gary said there was a lot of police activity and cordons set up before the car was moved on Friday .
He said : `` Next door the police put some blue tape across an alleyway and down the road there was another police cordon .
`` I went to go speak to the police and I asked what was happening - they told me there was a shipping container coming and they were putting the car into it .
( Image : Met Police )
`` I saw the purple BMW , the Russian spy 's car , '' he continued . `` I saw it being towed by a winch and on wheels , pulled by the soldiers in their special outfits towards the orange shipping container .
`` They got the car in and one gave a signal with his hands as if to say it was in , and they bolted some things on the floor and shut the doors .
`` I 'd say I was ten to 15 metres away I could hear them talking through their breathing apparatus things , it was muffled .
`` They were just saying things like go get this , pull it left , pull it right , stuff like that .
`` I was n't worried about my safety , it did n't bother me really , I do n't think of things like that . I do n't think I was in any danger myself .
`` Some of them were sat in the tent , there were around eight in those funny suits , and there 's probably six or seven that were walking around behind the tent and container . ''
ENTERTAINMENT
( Cube Entertainment )
HyunA , a former member of the now-disbanded girl group 4minute , will put out a new album late this month , sources in the music scene said Monday.The sources said the idol singer will release her sixth EP led by a song composed by Sinsadong Tiger on Aug. 29 . It will be her first album after `` A'wesome , '' her fifth EP out in August last year.HyunA had a `` fan meeting '' tour of Seoul and eight North American cities in February to mark the 10th anniversary of her debut as a 4minute member . In May , she formed new project group `` Triple H '' with Hui and E'Dawn of boy band Pentagon and released their first EP album `` 199X . `` Earlier in the day , her management agency Cube Entertainment unveiled a teaser image heralding her comeback on the agency 's official SNS account . ( Yonhap )
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Olympic cycling champions Laura and Jason Kenny 's families are “ thrilled ” with their baby news .
Yesterday , Laura ( née Trott ) announced her pregnancy on Instagram with a picture of three bicycles - two adult and a child 's - with a simple heart in the caption .
And now the 24-year-old mum to be has revealed that her family is “ delighted ” that she 's pregnant .
“ I can confirm that Laura Kenny is indeed pregnant and that she , Jason and their respective families are absolutely thrilled and delighted with the news , ” Luke Lloyd-Davies , the couple 's agent , said .
( Photo : Instagram/laurakenny31 )
“ They very much appreciate all the kind wishes and messages of support they have received already . ”
Laura also took to Instagram to share a tiny pair of Adidas trainers – using her passport for scale .
“ [ Baby ] will of core only be wearing the best , ” she commented on the post shared with her 156k followers .
( Photo : Instagram/laurakenny31 )
In another post , Laura shared a picture of her dogs – revealing what they 're thinking about the new addition to the family .
“ Yay ! Means I can wake up even earlier , ” one said .
“ Nooo ! I need sleep ! ” another added .
( Photo : Instagram/laurakenny31 )
The couple , who married in September in a private ceremony , went public with the news following their 12-week scan .
Laura has previously spoken of wanting to start a family with Jason , but that they said the plan was to wait until after the 2020 Tokyo Olympics .
`` We would love to have kids obviously but when that will happen I do n't know , '' revealed Laura on Good Morning Britain .
`` I think it would be very hard to juggle a cycling career with children to be honest . ''
Laura is a four-time Olympic champion for Team GB , while Jason has six Olympic track sprint gold medals to his name .
A new report says peregrine falcons are making a comeback in southeastern Michigan .
The state Department of Natural Resources and the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service say the region 's population has grown from five young birds introduced in 1987 to 15 nesting pairs that reared 30 young birds last year .
The peregrine falcon is still an endangered species in the state , although it 's been removed from the federal list .
The population became imperiled as the pesticide DDT accumulated in the falcons and made their eggs fragile .
The report says there were 54 peregrine falcon nest sites across Michigan in 2016 .
Peregrines are crow-sized birds with prominent cheek marks on either side of their head . They feed on smaller birds and can reach speeds of 180 mph when diving at prey .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved .
GUELPH , Ont . — Police in southwestern Ontario have laid 12 new charges against a practitioner of traditional Chinese medicine , accused last year of sexually assaulting several patients .
The Guelph Police Service says Sherman Lai , who also performed acupuncture , was charged with one count of sexual assault in October 2017 .
Between November 2017 and April 2018 , the 58-year-old was charged with 16 more counts of sexual assault , two counts of assault with a weapon , two counts of possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose , and two counts of uttering death threats .
Police say Lai was charged on Tuesday with one additional count of sexual assault , six more counts of assault , one more count of assault with a weapon , three counts of uttering threats and one count of forcible confinement .
`` He told me , ' I think you 've got something here . I want you to give yourself a year and just do this , ' '' Hazan recalled . `` I said , ' I do n't think I can afford that , ' and he said , ' I 'll take care of it . You got a year . ' ''
An unpromising beginning : Hazan rented a garage space in Brooklyn 's Greenpoint and began building custom motorcycles . A year of work produced bikes but not a single sale .
Then love beckoned . Hazan met Sarah Mayer . She was moving to the West Coast and asked him to come along . Hazan gave up his shop in Brooklyn , starting to lose hope that he would ever sell a motorcycle .
Then a childhood friend 's uncle showed a picture of one of the Hazan bikes to the owner of an upscale Malibu clothing store , who offered to display one in his window . That machine sold — and orders for others began to come in .
The artisan 's way : Working alone in a small second-floor studio in downtown Los Angeles ' Fashion District , Hazan starts each build with nothing more than a motor — a 1938 JAP speedway engine for one project , a modern KTM 520 for another .
Then he hunts for vintage-looking wheels and tires . Only then , with these parts suspended on his custom-built steel work bench , does he begin to sketch the actual motorcycle . On most of his bikes , every part except the motor , wheels and tires is entirely `` scratch-built , '' he said .
His most recent project , a just-finished machine built to look like the motorcycle version of his first custom bicycle build , took four months of all-day , everyday work .
How many hours is that ? `` I do n't know for sure , '' Hazan said . `` I do n't want to do the math . ''
But he recalled that the custom fender he designed and built for an earlier machine had to be redone , from start to finish , a full 12 times .
A little acclaim from Anthony Bourdain : Hazan began winning prizes for his bikes early in his design career , taking the 2013 Bike of the Year award from Pipeburn for his free-form 1965 Harley Ironhead — and then winning again in 2014 for his Royal Enfield 500 and in 2015 for his Musket , an unprecedented three-peat from the respected motorcycle publication .
Sales followed , with some bikes going for $ 100,000 each . Several were bought by megadeveloper Bruce Makowsky , who installed one in his $ 250 million spec house in Bel Air .
Motorcycle historian and journalist Paul D'Orleans , of the Vintagent and Cycle World publications , called Hazan `` exceptional . ''
`` He 's a sculptor , and his medium is motorcycles , '' D'Orleans said . `` He has a keenly developed esthetic sense , and it 's all his own . It 's remarkable how far he 's gone and how fast . ''
Now Hazan is getting a taste of mainstream acclaim . His latest motorcycle build is featured in an upcoming episode of Anthony Bourdain 's `` Raw Craft '' online series .
Bourdain heard about Hazan and asked to see some of his motorcycles , thinking they might be artisanal enough for the series . He was impressed by both man and machine , especially after getting a chance to ride one of Hazan 's masterworks .
`` When I first saw his bikes , I thought , 'This is art , ' '' Bourdain said in an interview with The Times . `` As a designer , he 's unlike anyone else . ''
Life in Los Angeles : Having followed Mayer west , Hazan set up house in LA 's Venice area . ( The two were married in Brooklyn in July and now live in LA 's Westchester neighbourhood . )
Hazan took to the local scene immediately . `` You can ride a motorcycle every single day of the year and you can surf almost every day of the year , '' he said . `` I 'll never have a better commute than sitting in ... traffic after catching a couple of good early waves . ''
He commuted by motorcycle every day until he got spooked by a slow-speed fall on the freeway , and now drives his truck more of the time . Though he keeps a supermoto bike for the track , he also cut back on the dirt bike riding . `` I really , really like what I do , '' he said . `` When you get hurt , you ca n't work . ''
A few words of advice : Hazan 's bikes all wear the Hazan Motorworks crest — the letter H , ringed by a laurel , topped with a crown — but the builder said he has no particular motto and does n't generally give advice .
But if anyone asked , he 'd say , `` The biggest thing is to take risks . Dare to make something hideous . Dream as big as you can . You may fail , but you will learn so much . ''
Also , do n't plan too much : `` If you have a set plan , you can miss a lot of opportunities that come along . ''
Future tripping : Despite the accolades , Hazan retains a sensible , workingman 's attitude about his craft — and about his future . He keeps his overhead low , signs a contract for each project and delivers on time and on budget .
`` In the beginning it was scary because I did n't know what I was doing , and someone was paying me money , '' he said . `` Now , I trust the process more . ''
Los Angeles Times
Flames Coach , Ronny Van Geneugden ( RVG ) has donated a set of uniforms to Factured Football Club which is one of the Central Region Women Football Association ( CRWFA ) teams . The donation was made on Saturday at…
The post RVG dresses Factured Football Club appeared first on Malawi Nyasa Times – Malawi breaking news in Malawi .
Source link
East Lancashire Newspapers has once again teamed up with Burnley 's Reel Cinema to offer readers the chance to win a pair of film tickets .
We have one pair of tickets to give away this week for Fifty Shades Freed starring Jamie Dornan , Dakota Johnson and Rita Ora .
To be in with a chance of winning , just tell us one of the stars .
> > Click here to enter
Deadline for entries is Monday at noon . Tickets are subject to availability .
IT MAY be a new year but frustrating Yorkshire Carnegie clearly have the same old issue of failing to put opponents to the sword .
They picked up their 12th win from 13 Championship games yesterday , but really should have utterly eviscerated London Welsh , beleaguered foes whose squad was decimated before Christmas having entered liquidation , suffering a 20-point penalty deduction in the process .
NO WAY THROUGH : Yorkshire Carnegie 's Ollie Stedman finds his path blocked at Headingley on Sunday .
However , instead , Bryan Redpath 's promotion-chasing side were hanging on to a 20-13 lead at the death having been out-played in the second period .
Furthermore , when they did finally revive themselves to gain a chance to secure a fourth try and bonus point in injury-time , Ryan Burrows – normally the most reliable player in their ranks – failed to take a line-out in the corner .
Still , Carnegie did get one last opportunity to make up for that error but , with the final play of the game , after a driving maul had this time edged close , Chris Walker spilled the ball .
Arguably , though , it should have never got to that desperate point . The hosts , who had scored twice from line-out drives in a dominant first half to claim a 17-3 interval lead , had a perfect chance to add a third in the 44th minute and finish the game off there and then .
But Joe Ford , with captain Burrow 's agreement , opted to kick the simple three points – even though Redpath had urged from the touchline for them to go for the corner once more .
Granted , that sometimes happens – and senior players are given the power to make their own decisions in such situations .
But , considering how they had destroyed Welsh before in that set-piece , it was a golden opportunity to show their dominance and snuff out any hope of a rally from their opponents .
That rally , of course , did come as erring Carnegie saw two players yellow-carded – Oli Goss by mistaken identity and Ben West , the impressive lock on debut after joining from Welsh before Christmas – and it all became so scrappy .
Things had started so brightly ; Carnegie getting off the mark when openside Mike Mayhew profited in the ninth minute from that driving line-out tactic .
Ford slotted the kick and his side crossed again in the 24th minute via only Burrows 's second try of the campaign .
No 8 Ollie Stedman , a force throughout with two line-out steals to his name , made the initial burst clear and , from the next phase , there was no stopping his back-row colleague .
Welsh prop Chawatama Lovejoy was the unlikely player who made a 20m burst to give Carnegie a rare scare defensively .
Full-back Chris Elder , also signed from Welsh , and Jonah Holmes did well to stop the giant tighthead , who had gathered some pace but they were penalised on the floor and Glyn Hughes slotted three points .
Nevertheless , the visitors were penalised when in possession from the restart and , so , Ford kicked to the corner for Stedman to expertly take the line-out , Mike Mayhew this time scoring from a fearsome driving maul that left Welsh in tatters . Soon after , the hooker was celebrating at the other end as his side powered Welsh off their own scrum on Carnegie 's 22 .
It was a timely reminder of just who was in charge of this particular contest .
Furthermore , Burrows marauded upfield from the restart in the second period , splattering defenders as is his customary style , but when Ford took that three points , the game turned .
Scrum-half Alex Davies , whose clearance kicks were excellent , produced a stunning tap-tackle to deny Robbie Nairn in full flight , just as the Welsh winger seemed destined to score .
However , the Carnegie scrum-half blatantly then barged over Benjamin Vellacott off the ball from an offside position to prevent a quick ruck , but it was Goss singled out by referee Tim Wigglesworth .
Ironically , Redpaths 's side absorbed all of the pressure initially but , just as they returned to a full compliment , they then conceded a try .
Vellacott took a quick penalty tap and scampered over next to the posts with the offside Carnegie defence helpless and Hughes making it 20-10 .
The visitors , who had stunned London Scottish 37-5 on Christmas Eve despite their ongoing precarious financial position , suddenly realised they had a chance to cause more problems and they did ,
In fairness , Redpath 's side did defend well , though , and , even when West was sin-binned in the 76th minute , did not buckle .
But unfortunately their own chances went begging , too , so that bonus point slipped through their hands .
Yorkshire Carnegie : Elder ; Holmes , Lucock , Casson , Goss ; Ford , Davies ( Green 71 ) ; Boyce ( Beech 55 ) , M Mayhew ( Nilsen 66 ) , Cusack ( O'Donnell 62 ) , West , M Smith , Burrows , R Mayhew ( Sanderson 80 ) , Stedman ( Walker 69 ) . Unused replacement : Wright .
London Welsh : Thomas ; Phillips , Lewis , Jewell ( Vellacott 40 ) , Nairn ; Hughes , Lewis ; Marfo ( Hallam 58 ) , Kwasnicki ( Morris 53 BB ) , Lovejoy ( McNulty 58 ) , Beckett ( Safe 54 ) , Clarke , Liston , Hodgson , Pienaar . Unused replacements : Hodson , Burne .
Referee : Tim Wigglesworth ( RFU )
Politics In The News
NOEL KING , HOST :
And it was a busy weekend here in D.C . It started late Friday afternoon with news that FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe was fired . And then this weekend , President Trump started tweeting . His main target was the investigation led by special counsel Robert Mueller . To discuss what is going on in the White House , we 've got Jonah Goldberg of the National Review with us .
Hi , Jonah .
JONAH GOLDBERG : Hey , Noel . Great to be here .
KING : So let 's start with the Russia investigation . The president tweeted this weekend , the Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime . And then in another tweet he again called Mueller out by name . What is the president doing , and why is he doing it now ?
GOLDBERG : Well , you know , there are some things in the era of Trump that are shocking but not significant , and there are some things that are significant but not shocking .
KING : OK .
GOLDBERG : And the fact that Donald Trump wants the Mueller investigation to end , the fact that his lawyers said they want the Mueller investigation to end is one of the least shocking things that has happened . But at the same time , it 's somewhat inappropriate . I mean , it 's actually just plain inappropriate . And it signals the fact that Trump is no longer listening to the lawyers who said , this is being wrapped up any day now , do n't worry about it , do n't go after Mueller , that sends a bad signal that could be seen as obstruction . I think - you know , New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman has this thesis that Donald Trump is suddenly feeling his oats and feeling confident that he knows how to do this job now , and I think that 's probably right for a bunch of reasons . And if that 's true then we could be seeing a whole new chapter in the era of the reality TV show that we call the Trump presidency .
KING : And what might that new chapter look like ?
GOLDBERG : Well , I mean , first of all - as we 've seen - you know , a lot of Cabinet secretaries are being voted off the island these days , and more may be coming in in the days ahead . There 's been reporting that suggests that it 's because he no longer feels he needs these people as sort of training wheels or crutches to do the job and that he feels - again , relying on Haberman and a few others - that the mistakes that he 's made so far have not been because he relied on his instincts but because he was talked out of relying on his instincts . And so this could be just the sort of Trump-unplugged era that we 're entering into .
KING : I want to talk about how his fellow Republicans are responding . Let 's hear a bit of tape . This is Senator Lindsey Graham talking to CNN .
( SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW , `` State of the Union '' )
LINDSEY GRAHAM : When it comes to Mr. Mueller , he is following the evidence where it takes him . And I think it 's very important he is allowed to do his job without interference , and there are many Republicans who share my view .
KING : How many ? Is it most of them ? Most of them think the investigation should be able to continue ?
GOLDBERG : I have n't taken a poll .
( LAUGHTER )
KING : Fair enough .
GOLDBERG : ( Laughter ) And I do think that most Republicans would like Mueller just to see it play itself out . This sort of talk-radio , Fox-opinion side of things wants to see all of this end right away . And the real question is , I think if you had asked - I know if you had asked a year ago or eight months ago , your average Republican elected official would have said , absolutely , it would be a red line , can not fire Mueller , no way , this will not stand . Lindsey Graham is saying that the question is how many - sort of like the slow-boiling frog - how many Republicans have just sort of become acclimatized to letting Trump get away with some things . And that remains to be seen .
KING : Could Trump get rid of Mueller ?
GOLDBERG : I think it would spark something like a constitutional crisis , but , yeah , he can . I mean , this Andy McCabe thing , what 's fascinating about it is that by Jeff Sessions firing McCabe , he may have saved Mueller . Because I think Trump was probably looking for a pretext to fire Sessions , put him in - the attorney general could then not recuse himself , and get rid of Mueller . I know it 's complicated .
KING : ( Laughter ) And getting more so . Jonah Goldberg is a senior editor of the National Review . Thank you , Jonah .
GOLDBERG : Great to be here . Thank you .
Copyright © 2018 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
How 1999 World Cup would have turned out had Herschelle Gibbs not dropped Steve Waugh
Here are five things that would have happened had Herschelle Gibbs not dropped Steve Waugh during the Super Sixes of the 1999 World Cup .
@ neelabhrar by Neelabhra Roy Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017 , 18:35 IST
Herschelle Gibbs dropped Steve Waugh during South Africa 's Super Six game against Australia at the 1999 Cricket World Cup
The dominance of the Australian cricket team in world cricket began following their triumph at the 1999 World Cup under the leadership of Steve Waugh . From there on , the team were nearly invincible for the next eight to ten years as they won two more World Cups and two Champions Trophies during that period .
However , Lady Luck played her part in Australia 's World Cup win in 1999 as they were nearly knocked out of the tournament in the Super Six stages , only for Herschelle Gibbs to unintentionally grant them a lifeline in the tournament .
During the final Super Six match of the tournament at Headingley , Australia had to chase down a target of 272 against South Africa to qualify for the semi-finals ahead of Zimbabwe . The Aussies were in a pickle at 48 for three with Ricky Ponting and Steve Waugh at the crease . However , the duo brought Australia back into the game with their half-centuries .
During the final ball of the 31st over , Lance Klusener bowled a delivery to Steve Waugh , who was batting on 56 . The Aussie skipper got an inside edge and flicked the ball to midwicket where Gibbs got his hands to it before dropping the catch out of excitement .
Extra Cover : What if Jonty Rhodes had not run out Inzamam-ul-Haq in the 1992 World Cup ?
Waugh had the last laugh as he went on to score a brilliant 120 and guided Australia to the semi-finals . The semi-finals , as we all know , ended in a tie against South Africa , and the Kangaroos reached the final by virtue of a higher net run-rate .
The South African players might have wondered how different things could have been if Gibbs , who was one of South Africa 's finest fielders , had held on to the catch .
Here are five things that would have happened if Gibbs had n't dropped Waugh in the super-six match .
# 5 We would n't have witnessed Steve Waugh 's best performances of the tournament
Steve Waugh played probably the best ODI innings of his career during Australia 's must-win Super Six game against South Africa
During the 1999 World Cup , Waugh put up a couple of fairly decent performances in the group stages , which was followed by innings of 36 and 62 in the first two Super Six games against India and Zimbabwe respectively .
During Australia 's must-win match against South Africa , Waugh joined Ricky Ponting at the crease when Australia were struggling at 48/3 , chasing a target of 272 . He began his innings very slowly but then gradually began to speed up as he reached his half-century in 47 deliveries .
When Waugh was batting on 56 , he flicked a Lance Klusener delivery straight towards Gibbs , only for the latter to drop it . Waugh cashed in on this narrow escape as he went on to score his second ODI century and achieve his highest ODI score of 120 as Australia reached the semi-finals .
This was followed by a crucial 56 from 76 deliveries in the semi-finals , which helped Australia come back from 68/4 to post a decent total of 213 . South Africa managed exactly 213 in reply and the match ended in a tie , with the Aussies progressing to the final by virtue of a higher net run rate .
Australia eventually went on to win the tournament and Waugh ended as the second highest run-scorer of the competition with 398 runs , 63 behind top-scorer Rahul Dravid .
President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections , issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law .
The new policy is a long-expected revision to federal rules that require most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women , at no additional cost . Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama 's Affordable Care Act .
Trump 's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both his opponents and religious conservatives that back him , but it 's likely to have a limited impact on America 's largely secular workplaces . Most women no longer pay for birth control , and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court .
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump 's new policy , the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans . Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies , since female workers are central to most enterprises .
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out , and that 120,000 women would be affected . However , it 's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond .
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit , the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent , from 21 percent , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation .
The Trump administration 's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship , religiously affiliated nonprofit groups , and closely-held private companies . Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom . Privately owned for-profit companies , as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption .
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion . With limited exceptions , abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees . No public subsidies can be used , except in cases that involve rape , incest , or preserving the life of the mother .
Doctors ' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration 's move on birth control .
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation 's rate of unintended pregnancies .
`` Instead of fulfilling its mission 'to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans , ' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women 's health , '' said the organization 's president , Dr. Haywood Brown .
Women 's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes .
`` The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women , '' said Fatima Goss Graves , president of the National Women 's Law Center . `` We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules . ''
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away .
Have your say
Traffic has been delayed in both directions after a car flipped sideways on a major West Yorkshire road .
West Yorkshire Police released this image of a bad accident on the A644 Huddersfield Road , Brighouse .
A spokesman for the force said : `` Thankfully only minor injury . Traffic still quite slow going . ''
Have you seen any other traffic incidents in the area ? Tweet us @ leedsnews when safe to do so and let us know .
A `` hot spring amusement park '' exists on this earth , and on a recent trip to Japan I was lucky enough ( or maybe unlucky enough ? I 'll let you decide after you read the story ) to give it a try . Let 's just say I 'm a sucker for `` unique '' beauty treatments , and it often gets me into trouble .
Bathing culture is huge in Japan . According to BBC , natural hot springs that run through the country provide water to feed onsens , which are essentially group or public baths . They can be indoor or outdoor , are separated by sex , and are generally visited in the nude . It 's seen as a way to bond with others — one of my tour guides told me he learned to communicate with other people from his time spent in the public baths as a child — as well as a way to relax and de-stress .
Hakone , which is two hours outside of Tokyo by train , is ripe with these natural springs and has become a sort of bathing destination within Japan . Some brilliant human had the wherewithal to turn these hot springs into a full-on , bath-themed amusement park — complete with red wine , sake , green tea , and coffee baths — which is an actual dream I once had . Obviously , on a recent trip to Japan , I had to go .
When my mom ( who I was traveling with ) and I walked into the park , we immediately realized that it was… not anything like a traditional onsen . It looked more like the entrance to Splashtown USA than a peaceful place to relax . The entryway was enormous , complete with a set of escalators , and parts of the ceiling were painted to look like an aquarium . There were also two gift shops , which had everything from pool floats ( though not the trendy , Instagrammable swan ones ) to swim diapers . ( Swim diapers ? ! Oh boy . )
I do n't know what I was expecting , but this was definitely much more `` amusement park '' than `` spa . ''
We waited in a Disneyland-style line for a few minutes and finally made it to the front to check in . “ Do you want access to the naked area , swimsuit area , or both ? ” Asked the man behind the desk .
At this point , my mom politely informed me that I would be doing this on my own .
I opted to stick with the clothed option , mostly because the baths I wanted to try were in the clothed area .
Upon entering the facility , we were asked to take off our shoes , which is the norm in many Japanese homes and businesses . The locker room was spotless , and you were provided with slippers to walk around in . I popped on my least favorite bikini ( because who knows what happens to bathing suits when you put them in coffee ? ) and mentally prepared myself to get into a bunch of hot indoor pools filled with alcoholic and morning beverages .
Walking barefoot down the damp carpet toward the baths , I started to have second thoughts . My hair had already started frizzing out from the humidity , and it did n't help that my mom kept asking , “ Are you sure you want to do this ? ” every 30 seconds . ( She was there for moral support , but would n't get inside the tubs with me . ) When we got inside the space , which could have doubled as a YMCA indoor pool area , but with more kids , there was a professional photographer who offered me a lei and asked if I wanted to take a picture in front of a cruise ship-style backdrop . I politely declined .
As someone who has never been a fan of waterparks ( I blame the kid who pooped in the pool on a summer camp field trip in 2001 ) , I was starting to fear that this would be a lot more like that experience than the traditional baths I had been expecting . I loved the idea of getting to experience Japanese bathing culture , but there was something about infusing it with coffee , wine , and a cruise director-inspired photographer which made me feel like this was n't anything like the traditional baths our guide grew up going to . This , from what I understood , was a tourist-ified version .
The centerpiece of the facility is the “ Aegean Bath , ” which is decorated to look like it came out of Greek Mythology . It 's filled with hot spring water , which I know is chock full of good-for-your-skin minerals , but it was also chock full of other humans ( many of them kids , many of them in swim diapers ) , and I could n't help but think that it looked a whole lot like human soup . The steam coming off of the top certainly did n't help .
To the left , there was an entire pool filled with “ doctor fish , ” which deliver the world 's most uncomfortable pedicure by eating dead skin off of your feet . I tried it once in Thailand , and hated it . It tickles so ( so , so , so ) much , but moving your feet in response to the tickling runs the risk of accidentally killing a fish , which I found to be very stressful . Thankfully , this pool was closed ( to give the fish a break , maybe ? ) , so I did n't have to consider giving it a second chance .
Finally , I made it to the baths I could handle .
First up : The red wine bath . I 've bathed in red wine before , but the last time I did it is involved a luxury spa , a private vat , and someone massaging my head while I snacked on cheese and grapes like a straight-up Greek goddess . This was not like that at all . I do n't usually like my red wine experience ( when I 'm drinking or bathing in it ) to be accompanied by screaming , sopping wet children , which was exactly who I had the pleasure of sharing this one with . But I know there are some legit skin benefits to dipping in the stuff , so I hopped in and tried to relax .
`` Red wine contains resveratrol , which has been shown to be a powerful antioxidant , which helps combat the signs of aging . It may also help fight sun damage , ” Sarah Walker , Family Nurse Practitioner at McLean Dermatology and Skincare Center , tells me in an email . `` Other components of red wine , like tannins , may decrease inflammation that causes acceleration of the aging process [ when you bathe in it . ] ''
After paddling around for a bit , I took some time to art direct my mom through a wine-related photo shoot , complete with me pretending to drink the red tinted bath water .
Next up was the coffee bath . This one , admittedly , grossed me out a bit — probably because of the waterpark pooper from back in the day . I drink approximately as much coffee as Lorelai Gilmore , but I was n't exactly thrilled at the idea of lounging around in the stuff . My concerns were not at all quelled by the fact that you could smell the coffee from 100 yards away — this stuff was strong , and it was definitely , definitely the real deal .
`` Coffee baths may help to dilate blood vessels , which temporarily tones and tightens tissue while improving blood circulation and reducing water retention , ” says Walker . `` Those benefits may help temporarily smooth that dimpled appearance of cellulite . ”
I dunked in and hoped for the best . I lasted approximately a minute and a half before moving on .
Next came the sake and green tea baths , which looked almost identical . Compared to the other two , these were actually much more appealing . They were much smaller , and the water in each was a pretty light green color that actually did evoke feelings of being in an actual spa .
`` A green tea bath can aid in relaxation and detoxification . Green tea has potent antioxidants to help fight aging and also soften skin . It also contains vitamin B and minerals that help keep the skin youthful and flexible , ” Walker explains .
`` Sake is rice wine that has been fermented . During the fermentation process , amino acids and kojic acids are released . Amino acids are potent anti-agers and kojic acids help to moisturize , soften , and brighten the skin , ” Walker added . I hung out in these two baths for a bit ( ... as the only single person among a group of happy-looking couples ) , and was even lucky enough to have them to myself for a few minutes .
After my indoor soaks , we headed to the outdoor area . It was freezing , so I was actually dying to get into the water this time . It helped that there were fewer people out here and that there was n't all of that humid , indoor air hanging around . There was a water slide situation that fed into a big pool , but my fear of heights ( and general disdain of waterparks ) kept me from getting on .
The best part of the whole experience , by far , was the “ open air hot spring with a fine view , ” which was literally exactly what it sounded like . It was set on the side of the facility , and overlooked the nearby mountain range . I dipped into one of the cascading pools and just chilled — for the first time in the entire experience , I 'd finally gotten the moment of zen I 'd been looking for .
It 's worth noting that the naked area of the spa , which I did n't make it into into , is a bit more spa-like than the parts that I saw , in case you were wondering . According to Instagram , it looks like this :
While Yunessun was n't exactly what I expected , it was definitely once in a lifetime experience . Later in the trip , when I had the chance to see what traditional onsens are actually like , I realized just how unique my intro into group bathing really was . As I 'd assumed , there was no coffee/wine/professional photographers in the other onsens I visited , and they were far more peaceful and pleasant than the amusement park version ( and FYI — there were no swim diapers in sight ) . And yes — I even braved the naked ones .
LONG BEACH , Calif. — TJ Shorts II made a running 3-pointer with 1.9 seconds remaining in double overtime to lift UC Davis past Long Beach State 105-104 on Saturday night .
Deishuan Booker drove the paint and floated his jump shot off the glass to give Long Beach State a two-point lead with 6.9 seconds left . Following a time out , Shorts took the ball at midcourt and dribbled the floor before lifting his game-winning shot that hit nothing but net . Booker 's desperation 3-point shot was off at the buzzer .
Shorts finished with a career-high 31 points . Siler Schneider added 27 points for UC Davis ( 16-7 , 7-2 Big West ) , which entered the game tied with UC Santa Barbara atop the conference standings .
Gabe Levin scored a career-high and program-best 45 points for Long Beach State ( 12-14 , 6-4 ) . He was 10 of 20 from the field and 24-of-28 shooting from the line , and surpassed Ed Ratleff , who scored 43 points against Pacific in 1972 .
Sorry , we 're having problems with our video player at the moment , but are working to fix it as soon as we can
Waiting for Video ...
PowerCum The principle behind this is the same as that of tuning up your car . If you have sexual intercourse before or during this period there is every enhance male chance of you getting pregnant . Research has shown that women who regularly eat full fat dairy products are far less likely to suffer problems with fertility than those who do n't . Ask your doctor and start some mild form of exercise , like walking or swimming or some yoga and some deep breathing exercises to bring down your stress levels . Water also lengthens the life span of any sperm cells which may be waiting in the female body for the ova to be released.How can people to switch their allegiance to REAL wellness ? The circulatory system plays a large role in sexual efficiency . This happens anywhere from the 12th to the 16th day of the fertility cycle , known also as the most fertile period or ovulation period.However , it has also been proven to help enhance male sexual performance . Also , it improves the flow of breast milk to ensure that infant is properly nourished . They can be very harmful and do not create a favorable atmosphere for the baby in the mother 's womb . There are certain foods and herbs , which are male fertility enhancers and reduce female infertility as well . Avoid taking any medicines without the doctor 's knowledge , and inform him that you are preparing for a pregnancy , so that he informs you of medicines that may interfere with your health during this special time .
http : //allsupplement4u.com/powercum-pl/
The first time I had an orgasm , there was no doubt what had happened . Since I 'd held a mirror up to my vulva , I could see the series of rhythmic contractions that have been scientifically shown to accompany orgasm . My vagina opened and closed several times , and then I did n't want to touch it anymore . That was it .
But when I began having penis-in-vagina-intercourse , things got less clear . I did n't feel like I 'd orgasmed , but I had squirted , which my partner declared was an orgasm . I decided that I must be experiencing `` vaginal orgasms '' and they must just feel really different from clitoral ones . Years later , I 'd learn that you can squirt without orgasming , so my perception that I had n't orgasmed was correct . After all , I did n't have those contractions .
`` Orgasm is well-defined by a strongly stereotyped series of contractions that look the same in men and women , '' sex researcher Nicole Prause , PhD , founder of Liberos , tells Bustle . `` Without the contractions , I would not call it an orgasm . ''
Liz Klinger , CEO of Lioness , a smart vibrator that measures women 's vaginal movements , also believes contractions are the biggest tell-tale sign of orgasm . `` If someone asks us to look at their app and identify [ the orgasm ] for them , we usually look out for a tension then a release with highly regular pelvic floor contractions , the latter being one of the classic physiological characteristics of orgasm , '' she tells Bustle . `` Secondarily , a lot of people also tend to become more still near orgasm ( which can be seen in Lioness app visualizations that contain motion ) , but that 's not a guarantee there and people vary quite a bit . ''
Do You Really `` Just Know '' When You 've Had One ?
Ashley Batz/Bustle
I 'm not the only person who 's been confused about whether or not they 'd orgasmed . `` When I first started having sex , I definitely thought I was having orgasms , and then when I first had my real one , I was like , 'OK , yeah , I definitely was n't having orgasms before now , ' '' says Ashley , 24 . `` I was probably sort of basing it on the guy 's pace . Like , when he was going faster and it felt good , I was assuming that I was having an orgasm . ''
University of Florida psychology professor Laurie Mintz , author of Becoming Cliterate : Why Orgasm Equality Matters and How to Get It , says she 's also witnessed women getting confused . `` I 've heard women say that they thought they were having orgasms — mostly from intercourse — because it feels really exciting and nice , only to discover that they have n't been having orgasms — generally after figuring out what an orgasm actually felt like by using a clitoral vibrator , '' she tells Bustle .
It Can Happen The Other Way Around , Too
On the flip side , there are also people who thought they had n't had orgasms when they had . `` When I had my first orgasm , it was intense and pleasurable , but because it was n't the Cynthia Nixon-style performance I had assumed it would be based on the days of watching Sex and the City , I was always wondering if I was actually orgasming , '' Melissa , 25 , tells Bustle . `` My partners would often question if I actually orgasmed or not due to having more breath-like sound effects than deep , animal-like moans , despite all the anatomical tell-tale signs of an orgasm ( perspiration on upper shoulders , internal contractions , etc. ) . ''
Mintz has also seen this with her clients . `` I have one client ... who thought she was n't having orgasms and then , via going to Betty Dodson for a private session , discovered that she had been having them , but they were not as earth-shattering as she expected . She was also holding her breath and holding her pelvis still , which Betty helped her stop doing , and the intensity increased , '' she says .
The issue 's not specific to those with vulvas either . `` Most commonly , [ those with penises ] conflate ejaculation with orgasm , so if they fail to squirt for whatever reason ( lots of possible reasons why ) , they think they have n't had an orgasm , even if they absolutely did , '' Barbara Chubak , MD , Assistant Professor of Urology at Mount Sinai Icahn School of Medicine , tells Bustle .
Could You Be Wrong About Whether You 've Had One ?
Ashley Batz/Bustle
Prause conducted a study where women and men masturbated with a device recording the anal contractions typical of orgasm — and she found something strange : When men said they 'd orgasmed , they always demonstrated the characteristic contractions . But when women did , they only had those contractions about half the time . She thinks this means that many women believe they 've orgasmed when they have n't .
`` We would still very much like to know what experience they are having when they think they are having an orgasm , and I do not want to devalue their pleasure experience , '' she says . `` However , I think accuracy is important , because it can put pressure on women to respond sexually in ways that actually are not at all reasonable physically . '' For example , identifying `` orgasms '' where there are none could perpetuate the myth that most vulva-owners reliably orgasm from intercourse and have multiple orgasms .
The other possibility is that female orgasms are n't always accompanied by the typical contractions . Lioness claims to have identified three orgasm types : ocean wave ( `` the pelvic floor contracts and releases multiple times — the number of times can vary — first quickly , and then slows down until rest '' ) , avalanche ( `` also a series of pelvic floor movements , but unlike the ocean wave , it starts from a high point and gradually relaxes '' ) , and volcano ( `` one extended pelvic floor movement '' ) .
But Prause would only identify one of these — ocean wave — as an orgasm . `` The idea that there are different types of physical climax is a fine hypothesis , but it does n't really have any support , '' she says . `` It 's not been directly tested . For example , why would none of these occur in men ? ''
However , Klinger thinks it 's important not to invalidate women 's experiences of their bodies , so she trusts that when women report orgasming , they really have . Also , I 'm an `` avalanche '' type according to the Lioness team 's interpretation of my app 's data , and I 've definitely had an orgasm . Or have I ? ! Can you really know ? ?
How Do You Know If You 've Orgasmed , Then ?
If you 're not sure if you 're orgasming , you can check whether your vagina is contracting . You could do it my way and look with a hand mirror or put a finger inside to feel the contractions . To be extra sure , you could test it by trying to suppress your contractions , says Prause . `` They are a reflex , so it should be like trying to stop a sneeze once it starts : damn near impossible . '' Another sign you 've had an orgasm is that your clitoris gets hypersensitive afterward , to the point that it 's uncomfortable to touch , but not everyone experiences this .
If you want to experience an orgasm for the first time , the most surefire way is probably with a vibrator ( like one of these super-powerful ones ) . Put a Satisfyer Pro 2 or Womanizer Deluxe over your clit , turn it to the highest setting , and just leave it pressed there for a few minutes , and it 's very difficult not to orgasm , at least in my experience .
Why Are We So Confused ?
Ashley Batz/Bustle
The reason so many women are confused about whether they 've orgasmed is that we 're taught so little accurate information about female orgasms and so many myths . `` [ Our culture ] sets women up to expect that they will orgasm during intercourse — resulting in women thinking they have and learning they have n't when they use a vibrator as per above , as well as women thinking every orgasm should be like fireworks or a major earthquake when in reality , some are and some are n't , '' says Mintz . The idea that there are `` clitoral orgasms '' and `` vaginal orgasms '' can also throw people off ; I 'm a testament to that . So can the myth that ejaculation , male or female , always equals orgasm .
So , hopefully , you 're now a bit clearer about what an orgasm is . But if you 're still not sure , do n't sweat it . There 's no need to get caught up in figuring out if what you 're experiencing is an orgasm or not . As long as you 're enjoying it , that 's what 's important .
The Culture Guard group has helped Hells Angels in the past , said its executive director .
Members of the Soldiers of Odin group attended the anti-SOGI rally . ( Black Press files )
The organizer of an anti-SOGI123 rally in Vancouver Monday said she invited members of the Hells Angels to attend .
“ We invited the Hells Angels , we invited anybody who has children and who has a stake in education that is opposed to SOGI is welcome to stand with us , ” said Kari Simpson of the Culture Guard group .
She said some accepted the invitation and attended .
“ They 're also fathers , and mothers , and they do n't often get involved in these things , ” said Simpson , who is based in Langley . “ We 've had their support in the past when we 've helped their members with child apprehensions years ago . ”
“ Parents are parents and everybody has a stake in education , ” Simpson said .
“ They give really good protection , unlike the VPD [ Vancouver Police Department ] , ” she added .
The VPD was not aware of any Hells Angels attending the event , said Const . Jason Doucette , a media spokesperson for the department .
A pro-SOGI protester from Langley said she and her fellow rally members did n't spot anyone wearing Hells Angels colours or clothing at the rally .
“ I find that really alarming , ” said Stacey Wakelin , a parent who has been among the organizers of local pro-SOGI events .
She said the presence of Hells Angels members wo n't stop her from attending future rallies .
“ I 'm past the point of being afraid , ” Wakelin said .
However , she worried what effect it could have on others , particularly vulnerable people in the LGBTQ community .
SOGI stands for sexual orientation and gender identity .
SOGI 123 was introduced as a pilot project last year and was rolled out B.C.-wide in September . According to the program 's website , it provides tools for teachers to create inclusive classrooms where students of all sexual orientations and gender identities feel safe .
The program has generated controversy , and pro- and anti-SOGI rallies have been held in Langley and other Lower Mainland communities .
Rallies were held Monday in Vancouver and Victoria , with each side represented .
READ MORE : Protesters argue both sides of B.C . 's SOGI curriculum at teachers ' union office
“ It was truly diverse , unlike the other side , ” Simpson said , citing the participation of Sikh and Muslim anti-SOGI protesters .
Also among those taking part were the controversial Soldiers of Odin . The group is an offshoot of an anti-immigrant group in Europe . The Canadian offshoots say they do not share an ideology with the European groups , and accept people of all origins .
However , they have clashed with anti-racism demonstrators locally , with three Soldiers of Odin arrested by the VPD in March of 2017 following a scuffle with marchers organized by the Pacific Coalition Against Bigotry .
Simpson dismissed concerns about the group .
“ I think those are probably overplayed , like us being called a hate group , ” she said .
– with files from Black Press Digital
A MAN has been convicted of a ‘ revenge porn ' offence after he shared naked images of a woman on a messaging app .
Father-of-two David Samuel Clark used pictures of her , topless , on his WhatsApp messenger profile .
Sarah McKay , prosecuting , told Reading magistrates : “ Her face could clearly be seen . It was supposed to have been a private sex text for his viewing and she certainly would n't have given permission for it to be used in this way .
“ The victim blocked the defendant from all her social media platforms . But then she was made aware he had posted this picture of her on his WhatsApp profile .
“ That means anyone who had his phone number in their address book could access it and see the picture .
“ There were four screenshots of her naked breasts . ”
Twenty-nine-year-old Mr Clark , who was living at Magpie Close , Thatcham , was arrested but answered “ no comment ” to all questions , the court heard .
His victim said in a statement : “ It left me mortified and embarrassed . It was a personal picture and all his family members and friends will have seen it . ”
The woman said she worried her friends will have seen it and added : “ It has caused me much anxiety and distress . ”
Ms McKay said : “ Mr Clark denied the offence and so she had to give evidence at trial . ”
She went on to request a restraining order preventing Mr Clark from contacting his victim or her partner .
Mr Clark denied disclosing private , sexual photographs and films with intent to cause distress at Magpie Close on February 23 last year , but was convicted on March 3 this year and bailed while pre-sentence reports were prepared .
Andrew Storch , defending , described his client as a “ well educated man ” and added that his victim 's partner had been sending Mr Clark threatening messages .
As a result , the court heard , Mr Clark had moved temporarily to Angus Road , Blaingwry , Perthshire , in Scotland , but intended to return to Thatcham .
Mr Clark was charged under a section of the Criminal Justice and Courts Act 2015 , described by the Crown Prosecution Service as the ‘ revenge porn legislation ' and Mr Storch said : “ It 's quite recent legislation , therefore there are few sentencing guidelines . ”
Magistrates imposed a 12-month community order with a 70 hours ' unpaid community work requirement .
In addition Mr Clark was ordered to pay £350 costs plus a statutory victim services surcharge of £60 .
Finally , a restraining order was made preventing him from contacting either his victim or her new partner .
A new study shows that quantum dots , controlled with specific wavelengths of light , can lure superbug infections like E. coli and Salmonella into dropping their guard , as it were , re-potentiating present-day antibiotics as fully-effective weapons .
Antibiotic treatments are increasingly threatened by drug-resistant superbugs like E. coli and Salmonella , which have evolved to make many previously successful antibiotics useless .
But light-activated nanoparticles called quantum dots could boost the effectiveness of antibiotics against such superbugs , according to new research from the University of Colorado ( CU ) in Boulder .
Some pathogens evolve their defenses faster than new antibiotics are developed as potential treatments . In 2013 , the production of superbug killers cost the United States around US $ 20 billion in direct healthcare costs and another US $ 35 billion in wasted labour .
But the CU Boulder researchers re-designed existing antibiotics for specific clinical isolate infections via nano-engineered quantum dots , which they introduced by special selection . They activated or de-activated these dots by using key wavelengths of light .
Instead of attacking infectious bacteria normally , the dots emit superoxide , a chemical species that interrupts bacteria 's metabolic and cellular processes , which engage their fight response . This leaves them susceptible to the original antibiotic ; like a shadow punch in boxing .
`` We 've developed a one-two knockout punch , '' said Prashant Nagpal , an assistant professor at CU Boulder 's Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering ( CHBE ) and the co-lead author of the study . `` The bacteria 's natural fight reaction [ to the dots ] actually leaves it more vulnerable . ''
Published in Science Advances , the findings show that the dots successfully reduce antibiotic resistance of clinical isolate infections by a factor of 1,000 , completely free of adverse side effects .
`` We are thinking more like the bug , '' said Anushree Chatterjee , an assistant professor at CHBE and co-lead author of the study . `` This is a novel strategy that plays against the infection 's normal strength and catalyzes the antibiotic instead . ''
These findings are significant because super-resistant bugs run rampant in hospitals , and are only one mutation away from exploding into an epidemic of untold scale .
Consequently , the researchers view quantum dots as a figurative platform technology , upon which more advanced methods can be tested against a wide range of infections , with possible applications for therapeutics on the horizon .
This article was originally published by Futurism . Read the original article .
The Bristol Balloon Fiesta is probably the most stunning weekend in the city 's calendar , but unfortunately all good things must come to an end .
This year more than 200 balloons took to the skies during the four-day festival at Ashton Court Estate , giving way to some spectacular views and incredible photos .
The fiesta 's morning ascents were particularly stunning and gave almost everyone in Bristol a gorgeous view to wake up to at some point during the weekend . Although most of the evening mass ascents were hampered due to bad weather , the final mass ascent on Sunday evening saw balloons take to our skies as we bode farewell to the most beautiful weekend .
There were dozens of stunning videos shared on social media throughout the weekend , but these were particularly eye-catching . And they may ease the burden of struggling to cope with skies which are even more grey than usual .
Mass ascent from the Bristol Balloon Fiesta 2017
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Paragliding into the arena
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A view from the skies
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The most spectacular of displays
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump 's campaign staff , according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials . American agencies were concerned about the contacts but have n't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus , the reports say .
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia 's attempts to tamper with the presidential election , according to The New York Times , which first reported the contacts .
According to CNN , `` The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S . intelligence . ''
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories .
Reporter Matt Apuzzo , part of the Times team that broke the story , tells NPR 's Morning Edition that while officials said they have n't seen proof of collusion — `` just the flurry of contacts was enough , and the timing of the contacts , was enough to get them very concerned . ''
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts , officials tell both news outlets .
President Trump called the reports `` conspiracy theories '' early Wednesday , in response to the stories :
`` The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred , '' the president wrote . He then added that MSNBC and CNN are `` unwatchable , '' while the Fox News program Fox & Friends `` is great . ''
The Kremlin had a similar response , with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying , `` Let us not believe in what media say , for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones . ''
That 's according to state-run Tass media , which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media .
Allegations about Trump 's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate himself last July , when he urged Russian agents to `` find '' Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton 's emails and release them .
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia ; in Congress , there are also calls for public investigations . Last month , the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections .
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own , particularly as the new president is settling into the White House .
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana , who 's on the House Judiciary Committee , tells Morning Edition , `` I do n't think we need an independent investigation here , I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work . ''
That work , he said , includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations . Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that 's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens .
`` There are some serious legal implications here , '' Johnson said , `` but it has nothing to do with partisan politics . I mean , the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review . ''
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored .
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump 's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country :
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of his contacts with Russia 's ambassador to the U.S. ;
Paul Manafort , resigned as Trump 's campaign chairman last August amid reports of his attempts to align Trump 's policies with Russian interests ;
Carter Page removed himself as a foreign policy adviser last September , as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts .
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were `` regularly communicating with Russian nationals , '' CNN reports .
In an interview with the Times , Manafort called the officials ' account `` absurd '' and said he had never had anything to do with Putin 's government .
Manafort told the newspaper , `` It 's not like these people wear badges that say , ' I 'm a Russian intelligence officer . ' ''
Why Some Patients Getting Drugmakers ' Help Are Paying More
Enlarge this image toggle caption Getty Images
Since Kristen Catton started taking the drug Gilenya two years ago , she 's had only one minor relapse of her multiple sclerosis , following a bout of the flu .
Thanks to the medicine , she says , she 's able to walk comfortably , see clearly and work part time as a nurse case manager at a hospital near her home in Columbus , Ohio . This is a big step forward ; two drugs she previously tried failed to control her physical symptoms or prevent repeated flare-ups .
The drug is expensive — about $ 90,000 a year . Novartis , the company that makes Gilenya , helps defray that cost for Catton and other patients by making their copayments directly to the patient 's health plan ; Catton 's copay for the medicine is roughly $ 3,800 a month .
Until recently those payments by the drug company helped Catton save money on her medical out-of-pocket expenses , because they counted toward her family 's $ 8,800 annual pharmacy deductible on their health plan .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Kristen Catton Courtesy of Kristen Catton
But his year , Catton got a shock . Her health plan changed the way it handles Novartis ' payments , and the money no longer counts toward that deductible .
Catton is one of a growing number of consumers taking expensive medicine who are discovering they are no longer insulated by copay assistance programs that used to help cover their costs .
Through such programs , consumers typically have owed nothing or have had modest monthly copays for pricey drugs , thanks to a financial contribution by the drugmaker that chips away at the consumer 's deductible and out-of-pocket maximum limits until the health plan starts paying the whole tab .
Under the copay accumulator programs introduced by some health plans in 2018 , the process has changed .
In Catton 's case the change meant that after she hit the drug manufacturer 's payment cap for the copay assistance in April , she 's to pay the entire co-payment herself — roughly $ 3,800 — and will have to continue to pay it until her health plan 's pharmacy deductible is met .
For May , Catton has put the $ 3,800 copay on a credit card . But , she says , her family ca n't afford to pay nearly $ 9,000 a year out-of-pocket for the foreseeable future .
`` I 'm talking to my doctor to see if I can I take it every other day , '' she says . `` I guess I 'm winging it until I can figure out what to do . ''
Drug copay assistance programs have long been controversial . Proponents say that in an age of increasingly high deductibles and coinsurance charges , such help from the manufacturer is the only way some patients can afford crucial medications .
But opponents to such assistance say the programs increase drug spending on expensive brand-name drugs by discouraging patients from using more cost-effective alternatives .
That last argument misses an important point , according to Bari Talente , executive vice president for advocacy at the National Multiple Sclerosis Society .
`` Generally the multiple sclerosis drugs are not substitutable , '' she says . `` Most have different mechanisms of action , different administration and different side effect profiles . '' And generics , when they 're available , are pricey too — typically costing $ 60,000 or more annually , she says .
Most annual copay assistance limits for MS drugs , if available , are between $ 9,000 and $ 12,000 , Talente says .
Some employers argue that the drug copayment programs are an attempt to circumvent their efforts to manage health care costs . There 's also the issue of fairness , they say .
`` From an employer perspective , everyone under the plan has to be treated the same , '' says Brian Marcotte , president and CEO of the National Business Group on Health , which represents large employers .
If someone needs medical care such as surgery , for example , that person does n't get help covering his deductible , he says .
In an NBGH survey of about 140 multistate employers with at least 5,000 workers , 17 percent report they have a copay accumulator program in place this year , Marcotte says . Fifty-six percent say they 're considering them for 2019 or 2020 .
Marcotte says that if there is no other comparable drug available , drug copayment programs may have a role to play if they can be structured so that participating patients are paying some amount toward their deductible . But , he argues , assistance programs for drugs that are available from more than one source — such as a brand drug that is also available as a generic — should n't be allowed .
In 2016 , 20 percent of prescriptions for brand-name drugs used a drug copay assistance coupon , according to an analysis by researchers at the USC Schaeffer Center for Health Policy and Economics . Among the top 200 drugs ( based on spending ) in 2014 , the study found that 132 were brand-name drugs , and 90 of them offered copay coupons .
Fifty-one percent of the drugs with copay coupons had no substitute at all , or only another brand drug as a close therapeutic substitute , the analysis found .
Advocates for people with HIV and AIDS say copay accumulators are cropping up in their patients ' plans and beginning to cause patients trouble . Drugs to treat HIV typically do n't have generic alternatives .
The biggest impact for the community their organizations serve may be for PrEP — a daily pill that helps prevent HIV infection , says Carl Schmid , deputy executive director at the AIDS Institute , an advocacy group . A 30-day supply of PrEP ( brand-name Truvada ) can cost nearly $ 2,000 . Gilead , the drug 's manufacturer , offers a copay assistance program that covers up to $ 3,600 annually in copay assistance , with no limit on how much is paid per month .
`` They 're at risk for HIV , they know it and want to protect themselves , '' Schmid says . `` It 's a public health issue . ''
Earlier this month , the AIDS Institute was among 60 HIV organizations that sent letters to state attorneys general and insurance commissioners across the country asking them to investigate this practice , which has emerged in employer and marketplace plans this year .
Compounding advocates ' concerns is the fact that these coverage changes are frequently not communicated clearly to patients , Schmid says . They are typically buried deep in the plan documents and do n't appear in the user-friendly summary of benefits and coverage that consumers receive from their health plan .
`` How is a patient to know ? '' Schmid asks . They learn of the change only when they get a big bill midway through the year . `` And then they 're stuck . ''
Kaiser Health News , a nonprofit news service covering health issues , is an editorially independent program of the Kaiser Family Foundation and is not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente . KHN 's coverage of prescription drug development , costs and pricing is supported in part by the Laura and John Arnold Foundation .
BERLIN — Bayern Munich continued its march to a record-extending sixth consecutive Bundesliga title with a 2-0 win at Mainz on Saturday .
Second-placed Bayer Leverkusen was held 0-0 at Freiburg , and Schalke lost 2-1 at home to relegation-threatened Werder Bremen , as Bayern increased its already commanding lead to 18 points after 21 games .
Franck Ribery scored with Bayern 's first effort on goal after a half-hour when Mats Hummels and Sandro Wagner made way to allow his shot from a half-cleared corner fly inside the post .
The French winger was mobbed by teammates in celebration . Ribery 's contract with Bayern is up at the end of the season .
On their recent album , Onion , Shannon & The Clams came under the creative wing of Dan Auerbach , who produced the album in his studio and released it on his Easy Eye label imprint . Recently Shannon was on tour with Auerbach and Robert Finley as part of the Easy Eye Revue .
Shannon In Nashville is Shannon Shaw 's solo debut album , produced by Auerbach , due out on June 8th . The music , hearkens back to classic doo-wop , 60s R & B , and punk rock , all styles that have informed Shannon & The Clams ' records , and her torchy , smokey and confident vocals .
The album 's title is a nod to Dusty Springfield 's 1969 classic Dusty in Memphis . Shaw went down to Nashville to collaborate with Auerbach and his all-star house band comprised of drummer Gene Chrisman and Bobby Wood ( keys and percussion ) of the Memphis Boys , American Sound Studio 's house band that recorded hits by Elvis , Aretha , Neil Diamond , Herbie Mann , and Dusty Springfield . The sessions were rounded out by bassist Dave Roe , guitarists Russ Pahl , Auerbach and others .
Below , listen to the first single from Shaw 's solo album , “ Broke My Own . ”
Comments
Categorized Under :
GOT TA HEAR SONG OF THE WEEK
Tags : Dan Aeurbach
President Obama “ will give a farewell address next week from Chicago , his hometown , most likely his last chance to defend his legacy directly to the country before Donald J. Trump is sworn in , ” the New York Times reports .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A newlywed couple who came back from honeymoon to find a 6ft-high fence had been erected in front of their house , are celebrating after it was torn down .
Thomas and Rebekah Entwistle said they felt like “ hostages ” after the structure was put up just 2ft from their front window , blocking the stunning view from their rural home .
Music teacher Thomas , 27 , and new wife Rebekah , 24 thought the barrier was erected by a farmer who is understood to be involved in a dispute with their estate 's developer over land borders .
The pair , who wed in July , moved into the £220,000 four-bed property on a Persimmon Homes estate in Blackburn , Lancs , just before Christmas .
( Image : SWNS - Leeds SWNS.com )
( Image : Lancashire Telegraph / SWNS.com )
( Image : SWNS - Leeds SWNS.com )
The fence was in place when they got back from the Dominican Republic last month .
But thankfully it has now been torn down .
Speaking previously Thomas said : “ This was our dream home – now it 's turned into a nightmare . It feels like we are imprisoned in our own house .
“ The fence is 2ft from our front window – it 's like having the Berlin Wall in front of our home . ”
“ We are being held hostage in a land dispute which is nothing to do with us .
`` We bought [ the house ] because of the view , which has now been replaced by a huge wooden fence . Rebekah is always in tears . She is in despair . ”
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : SWNS - Leeds SWNS.com )
( Image : SWNS - Leeds SWNS.com )
But speaking today , he told The Sun : `` We are so relieved . I ca n't tell you how excited we are that the fence is down .
`` Our fear now is that it will put it back up again - we just hope it is gone for good . ''
A spokesman for Persimmon Homes said : `` Our staff have taken down the fence after consultation with council planning officers . ''
Hoffenheim v Liverpool
Hoffenheim take on Liverpool on Tuesday 15th August , 2017 , with kickoff at 19:45 . This match is currently being shown LIVE on BT Sport 2 .
With all the headlines off the pitch , Liverpool have had a somewhat disrupted lead in to the new Premier League season , but quickly got back into their groove against Watford . Even without Coutinho , the team was dangerous going forward , scoring three and making many more chances , while the defence continue to look like a group of blind strangers that have never even heard of football , let alone been taught how to play it .
Should Kloppp see his men fail today , it will be a difficult few days for sure , and questions may even be asked about the long-term viability of the project .
Hoffenheim v Liverpool is LIVE on BT Sport 2 .
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) - Lashann Higgs scored 19 points and Brooke McCarty scored 15 as Texas booked its fourth consecutive trip to the Sweet 16 with an 85-65 win over Arizona State in the women 's NCAA Tournament on Monday night .
Higgs scored 15 in the first half , and McCarty took over in the third quarter with 10 points in a 14-2 run that pushed the Longhorns to a big lead and never let the Sun Devils recover . McCarty had a pair of 3-pointers in the run and her nifty drives and assists made sure the No . 2-seed Longhorns ( 28-6 ) avoided the same kind of home court upsets that hit several host teams earlier in the evening .
The No . 7-seed Sun Devils had played eventual national champion South Carolina within a minute of a huge upset in the second round last season , but saw any hopes of catching the Longhorns disappear in the decisive third quarter .
McCarty , even at just 5-foot-4 and the smallest player on the court , had a game-high 10 rebounds , often using them to kick-start Texas in transition . The Longhorns are one of the top rebounding teams in the country and dominated the Sun Devils on the boards 40-19 in a physical matchup .
Kianna Ibis scored 27 to lead Arizona State ( 22-13 ) , an effort that kept the Sun Devils within 40-35 at halftime , but scored just eight over the final two quarters .
Texas hosted the first two rounds of the NCAA tournament for the third consecutive year . The Longhorns are 48-6 at the Frank Erwin Center over the last three seasons , including six wins in the tournament .
The Longhorns ' fourth year in the Sweet 16 continues a resurgence for a program for a program that produced the women 's tournament 's first undefeated national champion in 1985 . Texas has n't been back to the Final Four since 2003 .
BIG PICTURE
Arizona State : The Sun Devils had the best defense in the Pac 12 this season , holding opponents to 12 points or fewer in a quarter 51 times . Texas shredded the Sun Devils with their strength on the boards and speed in transition . The Longhorns scored 22 points in the first quarter , then McCarty ripped the Sun Devils for 25 in the third .
Texas : McCarty and Higgs drive Texas , but the Longhorns will be looking for more from forwards Joyner Holmes and Jatarie White as they get deeper into the tournament . Those two combined for 20 points and nine rebounds .
UP NEXT
Texas will play No . 3 seed UCLA in the Kansas City .
NATIONAL
( Yonhap )
WASHINGTON -- South Korea will have a large role in determining the success of a planned summit between US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un , a former senior US diplomat said Monday.Kurt Campbell , who served as the top US diplomat for East Asia during the Barack Obama administration , said the recent flurry of diplomacy with North Korea could set the stage for South Korea 's rise.Trump and Kim are expected to meet before the end of May to discuss the North 's denuclearization . `` Ultimately , it puts a huge amount of focus -- the hinge in all of this is South Korea , '' Campbell told a forum hosted by the Center for American Progress . `` South Korea 's role and power in deciding the history of Northeast Asia , the future of Northeast Asia , is really on display . `` Trump accepted Kim 's invitation to meet after being briefed by South Korean officials on their unprecedented meeting with the North Korean leader earlier this month.The Koreas are also set to hold their own summit in late April . `` What I always encourage South Korean friends in these situations is that you have the ability to play the dominant role here , '' Campbell said . `` What the next year or two could be about really is about South Korea coming of age as a major player in determining their own fate . `` The South Koreans , according to the former assistant secretary of state , have always had the sense that the big powers made decisions without consulting them . `` If the president , President Moon ( Jae-in ) , is careful and strategic and puts good effect in place , South Korea has the ability to drive many of the dynamics that are at work now in Northeast Asia , '' he added.On what is motivating Pyongyang to engage , Suzanne DiMaggio , who has led informal discussions with North Korean officials , pointed to the regime 's progress in its nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programs . `` They understand that their negotiating position is as strong as it 's going to be at this moment , '' she told the same forum , citing the North 's tests of a hydrogen bomb and three intercontinental ballistic missiles last year . `` So it does n't surprise me that they 're engaging now . `` At a separate event earlier in the day , DiMaggio said the US and North Korea could exchange concessions in the lead-up to the summit , even though they would n't be described as such.According to her , the US could downsize joint military exercises with South Korea , which the North views as an invasion rehearsal , while Pyongyang could release the three Americans detained in the communist country . `` I would describe it more than setting the right atmosphere for talks , and I think , if you look at it that way , it makes a great deal of sense , '' she said . ( Yonhap )
The ability to take in information , absorb it and move on with your intentions is a sign of grit .
July 4 , 2018 2 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
In this video from Entrepreneur Network partner Mars Discovery District , we take a closer look at what it really looks like when you 're just beginning as an entrepreneur -- including the many uncertainties that surround the experience .
Nicole Verkindt is CEO of OMX , a procurement platform . Verkindt details how she started her entrepreneurial journey full of energy and determination to start a billion-dollar company . Then came the many lessons and trials of starting a business -- but throughout there was grit . Verkindt 's definition of grit involves being able to hear new information , absorb it and continue on with your journey no matter what .
To hear more from Verkindt , click on the video above .
Related : When Faking It Until You Make It Pays Off
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment , education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders . We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre .
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical . Watch video from our network partners on demand on Roku , Apple TV and the Entrepreneur App available on iOS and Android devices .
Click here to become a part of this growing video network .
Metro PCS has your chance to get up close to the action at the KISS 99.9 Chili Cook-Off , count the hair on the knuckles close , only available with the EXCLUSIVE MetroPCS Pit Passes .
The place to see and be seen at the Chili Cook-Off is always near the front of the stage where the hottest acts in country music are performing before a crowd of upwards of 25-thousand people strong . So where do you want to be in that crowd ? How about the front ! It can be you !
No need to get up early and wait in line to get up close to the stage . All you need is a coveted MetroPCS Pit Pass available only at the Metro PCS Stores on the following dates .
DEERFIELD BEACH
Saturday , January 14 th
12:00 p.m. – 2:00 p.m .
1149 S Military Trail
Deerfield Beach , FL 33442
DORAL
Saturday , January 21st
12:00 p.m. – 2:00 p.m .
7780 NW 25 th St .
St. Miami , FL 33122
As a young man in his late 20s Peter Bullock made a living sailing luxury yachts around the Mediterranean for the super-rich .
But when he was offered the opportunity to skipper a boat fishing for pilchards in Cornwall , he leapt at the chance .
“ Except we do n't call them pilchards now , ” he points out . “ They 're Cornish sardines . ”
Twelve years later , the catch he brings back to shore each morning is being sold not in cans , but on the fresh fish counters of upmarket supermarkets like M & S and Waitrose .
It was a meeting with businessman Andrew Lakeman , whose family run and own Ocean Fish , that sealed his move from the sun and sand of Italy back to working night shifts at sea and a home in Newlyn , Cornwall .
“ Andrew 's grandparents had drift-netted pilchards back in the day and he had a dream that he could do the same , ” Bullock recalls .
At that time , demand for pilchards had been falling for half a century . Local canneries had disappeared and the fish had become known in Britain as being fit only for impoverished students .
But it was the brainwave of another local businessman , who came up with the idea of marketing the fish by their other name , sardines , that transformed the industry in Cornwall .
“ I 'd just spent a few years living in the Mediterranean , where everybody loved sardines , and I could see the potential of what Andrew was talking about , ” Bullock says .
Within a few weeks , Bullock had turned his back on yachts and had agreed to skipper Lakeman 's second boat – a 46ft trawler called the Asthore – and start fishing for Cornish sardines .
Since then , two key trends have helped boost the popularity of the fish ; healthy eating and food provenance .
Cornish sardines – which secured protected food status in 2009 , placing them alongside Melton Mowbray pork pies and Stilton cheese in recognition of their quality as a food – tick both boxes , being packed full of Omega-3 oils and being sustainably caught here in the UK .
Because they are caught using a ring and net system , Bullock and his crew can track down and target huge shoals of sardines as they congregate at dusk and bring them onto his boat without any other bycatch .
Working with the other boats in his fleet , he can also closely monitor how much fish is being caught on any night and release what 's not needed , allowing fish stocks to remain healthy .
As demand for Cornish sardines has continued to grow , Bullock has n't looked back .
Speaking ahead of Seafood Week ( October 6-13 ) , Bullock , now 42 , says : “ In the first year I was involved , the market grew by 300 % .
“ It was n't just local shops that wanted them – the supermarkets got involved , the market went bang , and suddenly , even our two boats together were n't big enough . ”
In fact , business is going so well that Ocean Fish is about to take delivery of its fourth boat , a £1 million 46ft trawler called the Vesta capable of landing a further 20 tonnes of sardines a night .
Similar investments in the on-shore business means that even when the fleet is in a position to land up to 70 tonnes of sardines a night , the fish that is brought in can be processed and in the supermarkets within 48 hours .
What is n't sold to UK supermarkets , in local markets or restaurants or on the stalls at Billingsgate Market in London , can then be exported to Europe , where the taste for the small fish has never waned .
“ Cornish sardines are a premium quality product . People seemed to forget about that for a while , but they 've wised up now . They want to know where their food comes from now , and they want high quality , local food . In Cornwall that 's exactly what we catch . ”
`` We decided to make it easy , by making it one of the stars in the handle of the Big Dipper . My farm is on a hill and there 's nothing obscuring the sky and it was a clear October night .
`` We go outside and the four of us are on the lawn , we 're staggering on the lawn . And we ca n't find the Big Dipper .
`` It became this ridiculous Monty Python scene where we are turning around , crying , laughing , looking for the Big Dipper . It was such a poignant night and I wanted something to hang it on , a fully remembered memory of a person .
`` When I sing that song I will be remembering that night . There 's nothing I can do about the loss of my friend . I can just accept it , but that night will come back to me every single time I sing that song . ''
Cuddy , who founded Blue Rodeo back in the '80s with collaborator Greg Keelor , is 62 now . He 's come to a time in life when loss is something with which we are forced to reckon .
Cuddy does it well on `` Constellations , '' expressing the helplessness felt by those facing a dear friend 's death . `` I 'd ' like to know what you want me to do , '' the song 's narrator pleads . Of course , there is no answer .
`` When you lose somebody , the profundity of the loss is exaggerated by the bewilderment of what to do , '' Cuddy says . `` There is nothing you can do . ''
When it came time to choose a cover for the new album — his fourth solo project — Cuddy was sent a picture of an old pickup truck parked in front of a home in Santa Monica , Calif . It came from his friend Sally Davies , a New York photographer known for her shots of old cars , dingy diners and fading storefronts .
Cuddy saw the photo and was shocked . He has a '64 Ford pickup on the farm that looks very much like the one he was now staring at .
`` We have a family history with that truck , Rob and I , '' Cuddy explained . `` We even have a picture of Rob with his kids and my kids in front of that truck . ''
Cuddy then asked Davies if she could add a picture of the Big Dipper to the album art . He did n't tell the artist why , but she nonetheless found a place for it , up in the top right corner . You only notice if you 're looking for it .
`` She put it in so faintly , that you have trouble noticing , '' Cuddy says . `` I had n't even told her the story . If she had put it in really bold , it would have looked silly , but she put it in faintly .
`` Sometimes , the coincidence of these things appear mystical . ''
Not everything , however , works with that sort of karma . Take the title of the album . It 's `` Constellation '' — singular , not plural like the title of the 'title song ' `` Constellations . ''
When asked about the contradiction , Cuddy starts out philosophical : `` I guess 'Constellations ' in the song means out looking at the constellations ... ''
Cuddy stops midsentence with a duplicitous laugh : `` That 's bogus . I just made that up . I do n't exactly know how that happened . It 's just a stupid thing . I do n't know how it happened and it 's not the first time I 've done that . ''
grockingham @ thespec.com
905-526-3331 | @ RockatTheSpec
Nick Grimshaw has quit the BBC Radio 1 Breakfast Show .
The 33-year-old broadcaster - who has been the host of the coveted time slot since 2012 - made the announcement live on air earlier this morning ( 31.05.18 ) , with Nick revealing he will be replaced by Greg James .
Nick - who is set to succeed Greg as the host of the Drivetime show on Radio 1 - shared : `` It was always my dream to do the Breakfast Show and I 'm very grateful that I got to live my dream every day for what will be nearly six years . But six years is a long time and this is n't a forever job . I had the time of my life .
`` I 've decided it 's time for a change and a new show . I love Radio 1 and ca n't wait to get on with the new time slot and the removal of all alarms from my house .
`` I 'm so happy to be swapping shows with my friend and yours Greg James , and ca n't wait to wake up to him each morning . Not literally . Just on the radio . Unless he 's up for it . ''
Meanwhile , Greg has admitted he 's relishing the prospect of presenting the `` most famous radio show in the world '' .
The 32-year-old broadcaster - who is to start hosting the show in September - continued : `` It really does n't get any bigger than this and I really want to build on the great work Grimmy has done .
`` The listeners have become like mates during the ten years I 've been on air , so to be there when they wake up is a real honour . They 're always front and centre and this will of course be the case on the new Breakfast Show . It 's going to be the most enjoyable challenge I 've ever undertaken and I ca n't wait to get started . ''
Congressman Tim Walz announced his running mate for governor .
State Rep. Peggy Flanagan , a DFLer from St. Louis Park , will join Congressman Walz , as the lieutenant governor candidate for the 2018 governor election .
The two will formally announce this decision at a campaign kickoff rally Saturday at the American Indian Center in Minneapolis at 9:30 a.m . They will then make several stops throughout Minnesota over the weekend , including a stop in Rochester , at Bleu Duck Kitchen , Saturday from 12:15 p.m. until 1:30 p.m . The event is open to the public .
The pair will be running on a theme of `` One Minnesota . '' They say their core value is , `` That no matter where in Minnesota you live or what your background is , everyone deserves a chance to succeed . ''
Births 12/11/2017
Steamtown National Histoic Site hit hard by tree-killing beetle Only 18 months after officials confirmed the emerald ash borer 's presence in Lackawanna County , the parking lot at Steamtown National Historic Site offers a stark example of the invasive insect 's tree-killing efficiency . ( read more )
Rebounding Griffin Pond picks new leadership An almost entirely new and diverse slate of leaders took the helm at Griffin Pond Animal Shelter . ( read more )
Chris Kelly : Turning the Paige Stories of redemption fueled by good faith are inspiring , but seeing is believing . On Thursday night , the tight bind strangling the Scranton School District let in a little light . ( read more )
It looks like we 're gon na need a bigger shelf What 's over 7 feet tall , wears a giant red hat and watches over the people of Olyphant ? A giant elf who goes by the name of Cookie Sprinkleton . ( read more )
Annual cookie walk draws crowd CLARKS SUMMIT — The cookies took days to bake and only minutes to disappear . A crowd gathered nearly 90 minutes before the doors opened to the annual cookie walk at the Clarks Summit Fire Company on Saturday morning . ( read more )
After 12 years with the orchestra , Loh says goodbye with “ The Music of John Williams , ” a pops program set for Saturday , Oct. 7 , at 8 p.m. at Peoples Security Bank Theater at Lackawanna College in Scranton . The concert is the orchestra 's only show of the season as it suspends operations for 2017-18 to develop a plan to keep the group financially viable .
“ The plan is the philharmonic will be able to fundraise and be in a strong position to have success in the future , ” Loh said . “ I 'm hoping it 's a temporary setback for the philharmonic , because I know the people there , particularly the audience , really value the orchestra , and it has such an important history in the region . And it 's something that needs to be supported and saved . ”
The philharmonic gave Loh his first job as a music director , and he believes together they “ accomplished a great deal over all these years , ” from letting him take an adventurous approach to classical concerts to impacting the community through activities such as educational programs and piano competitions . Nancy Sanderson , philharmonic executive director , called Loh “ a community-oriented fellow ” and noted that he will donate his services for Saturday 's concert .
“ While he has been here , he 's cared very much about Northeast Pennsylvania , ” she said . “ Sometimes ( for ) conductors , it 's just a job . They come in , conduct and go . But it was more than that to Larry . ”
Sanderson pointed out that Loh 's career is on the rise , and he had been honest with her about other job prospects . He continues to guest conduct around the country and has been named music director of West Virginia Symphony Orchestra .
“ He cares so much about the orchestra , ” Sanderson said . “ The thing that people have said to me ... is that Larry decided because of the ( orchestra 's financial ) situation to leave , and that 's not it at all . ”
The orchestra had an entire season planned for 2017-18 , but decided to go with John Williams ' popular movie soundtracks when paring it down to a lone show . Loh called Williams an “ iconic composer ” and said he is excited to conduct music from “ E.T. , ” “ Jurassic Park , ” “ Schindler 's List ” and the “ Star Wars ” and “ Harry Potter ” series .
“ I think that they probably rightfully assumed that that would have a good audience , a good draw , ” Loh said . “ It 's something I 'm very passionate about . ”
Loh does not expect his relationship with the philharmonic to end with Saturday 's final note , however . Many concerts with other orchestras will keep him busy this year , but he will continue to be available for anything the philharmonic needs and hopes people “ would agree how important the orchestra is and how amazing these musicians are . ”
“ It 's important also because there are varying levels of arts programs in schools , ” he said . “ Some are very good , and some are nonexistent , and so the philharmonic really fills that void . And I think most people agree that if people , especially young people , are allowed to express themselves artistically , it can help with every aspect of their lives . And so the philharmonic as the leading cultural institution in the region has a responsibility to be to fill that need . ”
The orchestra will present seven chamber concerts this season that will serve as fundraisers for the orchestra and allow it to keep up a presence in the region , Sanderson said . The first will feature pianist Fei-Fei Dong on Saturday , Nov. 11 , at Wyoming Seminary 's Kirby Center for the Creative Arts , Kingston , with a reception at nearby Kevin 's Bar & Restaurant , 247 Wyoming Ave .
While the group hopes to have a full season next year , Sanderson said , “ there 's a lot to work out in the meantime . ”
“ We are exploring all sorts of options for doing something more sustainable , ” she said . “ I really am reluctant to talk about those options now before we really get them in place , but we 're starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel . ”
In the meantime , the group will say goodbye to the man who “ just won a place in all of our hearts , ” Sanderson said . And when he conducts on Saturday , Loh expects to feel emotional .
“ I 'm sure that I 'll feel a flood of memories of being with this orchestra and with these people , and I 'll just try and hold it together while I 'm up there , ” he said . “ And I really hope it 's a sellout . I really hope that people absolutely fill the hall . ”
Contact the writer :
cwest @ timesshamrock.com ; 570-348-9100 x5107 ;
@ cheaneywest on Twitter
If you go
What : Northeast Pennsylvania Philharmonic 's “ The Music of John Williams ” pops concert
When : Saturday , Oct. 7 , 8 p.m .
Where : Peoples Security Bank Theater at Lackawanna College , 501 Vine St. , Scranton
Details : Tickets are $ 33 to $ 68 for adults and $ 16 and up for students . Visit nepaphil.org or call 570-270-4444 for more information .
Post-show reception
A reception honoring Lawrence Loh will immediately follow the concert at POSH at the Scranton Club , 404 N. Washington Ave . The $ 35 ticket includes passed hors d'oeuvres , a signature drink and assorted desserts .
Morning News Brief The Trump administration is undoing Obama-era guidance to schools on affirmative action . And , an update on last month 's shooting of an unarmed black teenager in East Pittsburgh , Pa .
SHANNON AIRPORT is looking for a bright business spark who will help it take flight in the competition stakes with other airports .
The Shannon Group is seeking a business consultant to help create “ a renewed commercial strategy and brand framework ” to gain an increased spend from passengers and get travellers to give the airport repeat business on foot of a good experience .
The group 's most recent annual report shows that the airport fell a significant distance behind Cork in the passenger stakes . The Mid West airport handled just over 1.7 million passengers last year , while Cork had a through-put of 2.2 million .
And traffic still remains well short of the 3.6 million passengers it handled a decade ago when it was under the control of the Dublin Airport Authority ( DAA ) .
Last year , Shannon Airport sales stood at just over €37.3 million for the financial year ended 31 December 2016 , down nearly €400,000 on the previous year .
In a push to increase business , airport management is seeking a business consultant to help it develop a “ brand vision that conquers the Irish market ” .
The successful tenderer will be required to “ evaluate the relative commercial performance ” of the airport and find what can be improved .
Continue reading below ...
Shops and other retail business at the airport will come under the microscope as part of the three to six-month contract .
The re-branding mission will take off in October , which is when the airport is expected to begin work on a new duty-free section that also recently went to tender .
Shannon Group retail boss Darren Smyth has said the airport will be given a makeover to mimic the success of the parent company 's new souvenir shop brand , Shannon Irish Design Store .
The layout of a shop at Bunratty Castle and Folk Park will serve as the model for the new-look duty-free , which will include a water-wall feature .
Speaking earlier this year , Mr Smyth said : ” Shannon Airport has had very little investment for the last 30 or 40 years and there are parts of it like Moscow in 1980 . ”
He promised that the revamped duty-free is “ not going to look like a duty-free ” .
Visit the Limerick Post Business section to read similar stories .
Share this : Print
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Google
More
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Digg
Pinterest
Reddit
LinkedIn
Category : Business
there was never a formal complaint about her tutorial .
© Wilfrid Laurier University
Letter says there may be no document of what sparked the controversy over Shepherd 's tutorialThe lawyer engaged by Wilfrid Laurier University to prepare a fact-finding report into a controversial reprimand of graduate student Lindsay Shepherd has confirmedIn a letter dated Dec. 4 , and sent to Shepherd 's lawyer Howard Levitt , from the Laurier-hired lawyer Robert Centa , it reads : `` You asked for a copy of the complaint or complaints filed against your client . At this point in my investigation , I do not believe there is a document that contains a 'complaint ' made about Ms. Shepherd nor is there anything I would describe as a formal complaint under any WLU policy , '' wrote Centa , In a Twitter post , 23-year-old Shepherd made a comment on the discovery.On Nov. 8 , Shepherd was called into a meeting with two professors - Nathan Rambukkana and Herbert Pimlott - and a diversity and equity official with the university , Adria Joel , after a complaint was allegedly made about her tutorial.Shepherd recorded the meeting , where she was reprimanded for showing a video clip of two University of Toronto professors debating the use of gender-neutral pronouns on the television program , The Agenda . One of the professors in the clip was Jordan Peterson , who argues against being forced to use gender-neutral pronouns.After a recording of Shepherd 's meeting was made public , both Laurier President Deborah MacLatchy and Rambukkana issued a public apology to her.In mid-November , MacLatchy announced she would create a task force - to explore the university 's role in adhering to principles of freedom of speech and expression while respecting human rights legislation and values of diversity and inclusion - and she would also launch a separate third-party , fact-finding exercise.Centa , a partner at the Toronto-based law firm Paliare Roland Rosenberg Rothstein LLP , was announced on Nov. 23 as the person who would conduct the latter.He will `` make a report to the president regarding the events leading up to the meeting and the meeting itself , '' according to a Thursday statement from the university . `` The university has engaged an independent party to assess the facts of the matter including a review of related processes going forward , '' wrote MacLatchy in her Nov. 21 statement of apology . `` The review is intended to support improvement in our processes . The university is committed to ensuring that the vitally important role of teaching assistant supports an enriched learning environment for all students . `` But Shepherd and Levitt , a Toronto-based employment lawyer representing Shepherd pro-bono , have questions about the purpose of the fact-finding mission after receiving communication from the lawyer hired for the task . `` You asked me to provide for the terms of my mandate , '' wrote Centa in the Dec. 4 letter to Levitt . `` I have been retained to an independent , confidential fact-finding exercisearising from a November 1 , 2017 , tutorials led by Ms . Shepherd . `` In an interview on Thursday , Levitt said up until receipt of the letter , there was no indication this would be an employment-related matter.For the purpose of his fact-finding mission , Centa also asks Shepherd in the letter to meet to `` discuss what happened in the November 1 tutorials and how she perceived the November 8 meeting . `` In the letter he also states that he was hired by the president to complete the exercise and will make recommendations to the president as a result . `` But I have no authority to make any decision that would impose any adverse consequence on Ms. Shepherd or anyone else at WLU , '' he writes.Centa also makes it clear that Shepherd is able to `` make a formal complaint regarding bullying or workplace harassment under any existing university policy regarding how she was treated , '' in the meeting.Centa would not provide comment when asked Thursday.The university has said that , unlike the results of the task force , the report by Centa will remain confidential as it involves personnel matters.The fact-finding report is expected to be completed in the next two weeks .
If Windows 7 represents peak Windows for you , you 're not alone . Twice as many people use Win7 as use Win10 , even after 18 months of Microsoft pressure to get you to give up Win7 and jump to the shiny new version as your operating system of choice .
Your reasons for staying with Win7 may range from mere convenience to mental inertia to an abject fear of the Win10 info borg . Whatever your reasons for remaining with Win7 , there are steps you can take right now to ensure Win7 keeps working -- at least until Microsoft pulls the plug on security patches , on Jan. 14 , 2020 . ( Yep , that 's a Patch Tuesday . )
The key , as you might expect , is to stow away a solid “ ground zero ” full backup . From that point , you should patch judiciously , use incremental backups scrupulously , and tend to the maintenance jobs that you 've no doubt neglected . If you go about it in an organized manner , your machine should last forever ... or at least until you throw it in the trash and buy a new one .
Step 1 . Pick a patching method
Before you back up your machine , make sure it 's in top shape .
If you 're concerned about Microsoft 's “ telemetry , ” the fact is that you agreed to a certain level of snooping when you consented to the license agreement for Windows 7 :
Microsoft may use the computer information , accelerator information , search suggestions information , error reports , and Malware reports to improve our software and services . We may also share it with others , such as hardware and software vendors . They may use the information to improve how their products run with Microsoft software .
The method for bringing your Win7 up to speed and keeping it going for the duration depends on how much information you 're willing to share with Microsoft about your system , software , and activities . Starting in October 2016 , Microsoft changed the way it distributes patches to accommodate individuals and organizations that only want security updates , and not other patches that may affect how much information is collected and sent to Microsoft . That gave rise to two patching strategies and a “ no patch for me , please ” option .
I detail the three main patching choices in “ How to prepare for the Windows 7/8.1 ‘ patchocalypse . ' ” Long story short , Win7 patches align with three major groups :
Group A : Those who are willing to take all of Microsoft 's new telemetry systems , along with potentially useful nonsecurity updates .
Those who are willing to take all of Microsoft 's new telemetry systems , along with potentially useful nonsecurity updates . Group B : Those who do n't want any more snooping than necessary and do n't care about improvements like daylight saving time zone changes , but do want to keep applying security patches .
Those who do n't want any more snooping than necessary and do n't care about improvements like daylight saving time zone changes , but do want to keep applying security patches . Group W : Those stalwarts who will take their chances and do n't want to install any new patches , whether they fix security holes or not .
Group A ( apply all of the offered patches ) or Group W ( do n't ever patch ) are the easiest to join , but Group W is vulnerable to all sorts of problems . I do n't recommend Group W. Group A can use Windows Update to get everything they need . It 's harder to join Group B , because it requires manual download and installation of patches .
It 's helpful to figure out whether you want to be in Group A or Group B ( or Group W ) before getting going .
Step 2 . Optionally reinstall Win7 from scratch
Right off the bat , you need to make sure your Win7 system is fit to fly . There 's no sense preserving a baseline system in stone ( or at least in backup ) until the baseline is working right .
For many of you , Windows 7 works fine the way it is . If that describes your situation , skip to Step 3 .
For the rest of you , a fresh installation of Windows 7 is vital to preserving a fully functional Win7 . The best approach I know was published on AskWoody.com , based on a procedure developed by Canadian Tech . There are two significant sticking points :
Obtaining “ genuine ” Windows 7 Service Pack 1 installation files can be difficult .
Once you have Win7 SP1 , which updates should you install ?
Obtaining the real ISOs is a significant concern because there are many pirate copies of Win7 floating around the internet . Until May 2014 , you could download the retail bits from an Microsoft distributor known as Digital River . In an InfoWorld column , I talked about the way that source disappeared .
Microsoft has this official download site , but it works only if you feed it a valid product key -- and there 's the rub . Microsoft defines the product key thusly :
From an authorized retailer . The product key should be on a label or card inside the box that Windows came in .
A new PC running Windows . The product key will be preinstalled on your PC , included with the packaging the PC came in , or included on the Certificate of Authenticity ( COA ) attached to the PC .
But I 've heard from many people that the keys they 've retrieved ( typically from ProduKey or Belarc Advisor ) do n't work , even keys from a 100 % genuine Win7 installation . I 've also heard that retail keys -- the ones inside a box that you bought with Win7 inside -- work in all cases .
I asked Microsoft how people with demonstrably genuine copies of Win7 can get fresh new Windows 7 SP1 installation files . The response :
For customers who do not have a product key , they will need to contact Microsoft Customer Support Service , where we have alternative options for acquiring the Windows 7 product when they have lost their media .
If you have trouble locating a clean copy of Win7 SP1 , check out “ The safest way to get a new copy of the Windows 7 bits . ”
A clean installation is n't for the faint of heart . No matter how hard you try , you will lose data , somehow , somewhere -- it always happens , even to us masochists who have been running clean Windows installs for decades .
Start with a full set of program installation CDs , DVDs , or a list of locations where you can download what you 'll need . Make sure you have all the keys . Stick all your passwords in a repository like LastPass or RoboForm . You should send your data , and settings wherever possible , off to DVDs or an external or network drive using a product like Windows Easy Transfer ( see Lance Whitney 's how-to on the TechNet site ) .
Then , armed with a good copy of Win7 SP1 , you 're ready to follow Canadian Tech 's steps to install a clean copy of Win7 .
Note : I do n't recommend installing the so-called Convenience Update , KB 3125574 , which was created to roll up many outstanding patches . Although the Service Pack 2-like update may save you some time , in my experience if you follow Canadian Tech 's advice , the speedup is minimal . The all-star team of Abbodii , PointZero , and Komm has documented the shortcomings of the Convenience Update , and they should n't be overlooked .
Step 3 . Bring Windows up to speed
If you did n't install a fresh copy of Windows 7 from scratch , you may have trouble with Windows Update taking forever . Start by following the two simple steps to eliminate unconscionably slow Windows 7 Update scans . Then selectively apply patches you need to get caught up .
Starting in October ( the “ patchocalypse ” ) , Windows 7 patches began arriving in two clumps : Security-only patches ( for Group B ) , which you have to download and install manually ; and Monthly Rollups ( for Group A ) , which include nonsecurity patches and are available through Windows Update .
Choose Group A or Group B , and bring your machine 's Windows up to date . Yes , if you 're in Group W , you can skip this step .
When all seems correct , make one more run of Windows Update to make sure you have the latest patches for Office , .Net , and anything else that may need updating -- including non-Microsoft products .
Step 4 . Take control
“ Control ” means different things to different people , but at a minimum I suggest you make these changes to Win7 before backing it up :
IDG
Turn off Automatic Updates . Click Start > Control Panel > System and Security . Under Windows Update , click the `` Turn automatic updating on or off '' link . In the Important Updates box , choose “ Never check for updates ( not recommended ) . ” Uncheck the box marked `` Give me recommended updates the same way I receive important updates '' and click OK .
IDG
Turn off the Customer Experience Improvement Program . Click Start . In the Search programs and files box type customer , then click on Change Customer Experience Improvement Program settings . Click “ No , I do n't want to participate in the program , ” then Save Changes .
IDG
Disable Tasks you do n't want . Go into the Task Scheduler by clicking Start and , in the Search program and files box type task . Click on Task Scheduler . You can find many recommendations on the web about which tasks to prune , but the best advice I 've found comes from AskWoody 's ch100 , who recommends disabling the Application Experience agent ( AitAgent ) , Microsoft Compatibility Appraiser , and ProgramDataUpdaters , all three of which appear in the \Microsoft\Windows\Application Experience folder ( screenshot ) . There are also scheduled tasks related to the Customer Experience Improvement Program ( CEIP ) that may or may not be disabled when you opt out of CEIP . If you 're very cautious , see this post from JY on AskWoody .
Update your browser . If you insist on using Internet Explorer , make sure you have IE11 installed . If you are n't locked into IE , try Google Chrome or Firefox .
Jettison the junk . You 're going to create a top-quality copy of your hard drive . Why burden it with junkware ? With its newly found 64-bit capabilities , I like the free version of Revo Uninstaller .
Note : Those with detailed knowledge may want to dive deeper into hardening their systems . We have ongoing discussions -- and knock-down debates -- about the details on AskWoody.com . MVP Noel Carboni specializes in keeping Win7 systems locked down .
Step 5 . Clean up your drive
One last step before you freeze your system like Han Solo . Run a disk cleanup .
IDG
While there are many utilities that will help you zero in on duplicated files and ferret out grunge sitting in odd corners , Windows ' built-in Disk Cleanup will take a big swipe at the detritus . It has the added advantages of being both free and easy to use .
To do so , click Start > Computer . Right-click your main drive and choose Properties ( screenshot ) . Click Disk Cleanup . In the resulting Disk Cleanup dialog box , click “ Clean up system files. ” Follow the instructions and sweep out the old .
When you 're done , if you have a spinning hard drive ( as opposed to a solid-state drive ) , run a defrag : Click Start and in the box marked Search program and files box type defrag . Chose Disk defragmenter and click on the button to Defragment disk .
Step 6 . Back up -- now and forever
You 're finally at the point where a full disk image backup makes sense . Yes , you should back up your data , too , as part of the system image . I recommend making a single backup at this point -- when your system 's working great -- and squirrel it away . Augment that with your usual backup regimen , if you have one .
IDG
Before you start the backup , make sure you have your system usernames and passwords written down , for every user on the system . You 'll also sleep better if you write down your Windows activation ID . If you ca n't find an activation ID on a sticker attached to your PC , run NirSoft 's ProduKey ( screenshot ) to pull it out of your machine . That key probably wo n't get you a clean copy of the Windows 7 files , but it should be a good starting point for arguing with Win7 activation phone support , if you ca n't get a restored image of Win7 activated . Yes , it happens .
To get serious about creating and maintaining backups , install and run a dedicated backup/restore package . Two of the best : Macrium Reflect ( free for personal use ; $ 70 or less per PC for businesses ) and Acronis True Image ( free 30-day trial , then $ 50 ) . Follow the installation instructions , create a full disk image on an external drive or networked drive ( or on DVDs , if you must ) , then disconnect the drive and store it someplace safe . Make sure you store a system repair disk along with the main backup .
After you 've gone through the first round , set up Macrium Reflect or Acronis to generate a second full disk image , followed by incremental backups .
IDG
If you really want to use the Win7 backup routines -- they are free and work reasonably well -- buy an external hard drive and plug it in . Click Start > Control Panel > System and Security > Backup and Restore . You see the “ Back up or restore your files ” dialog ( screenshot ) .
On the left , click “ Create system image. ” You may create the system image on a hard drive , DVDs , or a network location . To go out to the network and look for a suitable location , assuming you have one , click Select .
IDG
From the Creation a system image dialog ( screenshot ) , you can put your system backup on any accessible drive attached to your network .
Once you 've created a full system image you can tuck away , tell Windows Backup that you want to keep incremental backups . Back on the “ Back up or restore your files ” dialog , click “ Set up backup , ” follow the directions to choose a backup drive , select which data should be backed up , and when the backups should run ( daily or monthly incremental backups ) . Depending on the size and speed of your drives , the first backup can take hours .
Wednesday is national crunchy taco day , so we want to know your favorite spot for grabbing a taco , either hard or soft-shelled .
Send your Top 5 on 5 nominations to wnem @ wnem.com or post them on our Facebook page .
We 'll compile a list , and give you a chance to vote on the Top 5 on Thursday .
A winner will be announced Friday on TV5 Wake-Up .
Copyright 2018 WNEM ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
MONTGOMERY , Ala. — Collin Sexton and a highly rated freshman class helped deliver Alabama back to the NCAA Tournament .
The Crimson Tide might have to earn its next trip without the high-scoring point guard .
Sexton , a projected NBA draft lottery pick , certainly has the resume of a one-and-done college player , though he has n't publicly indicated his plans . Even if he leaves , Alabama does n't lose anybody else unless other another underclassman like fellow freshman John Petty opt to turn pro early .
Coach Avery Johnson , a former NBA player and head coach , said Alabama wants to `` recruit kids that maybe have that talent that can get them to the professional ranks earlier than later . '' He brought in the program 's most highly rated recruiting class and the result was the Tide 's first NCAA Tournament berth since 2012 and first win in a dozen years .
Alabama 's season ended with an 81-58 loss to top-seeded Villanova on Saturday .
Sexton was the centerpiece of that class , a highly touted top 10 recruit .
He instantly became the team 's star , averaging 19.2 points and 3.8 rebounds and leading Alabama in assists . Sexton had huge performances in a Southeastern Conference tournament run that secured 'Bama 's bid and scored 20-plus points in five straight games before finishing with 17 against Villanova .
After that game he was more interested in `` celebrating with my team because we had a great season '' than discussing his future plans .
`` Also , I got to finish school , and I 'm trying to finish with a 4.0 '' grade point average , he said .
Johnson 's program turned in a positive direction this season with a series of wins over Top 25 teams in an up-and-down season . Even without Sexton , Alabama has some promising players — particularly if Petty returns .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Nobody in this city needs to be told that Cambridge is one of the most expensive places to live in the UK . But with the average house price close to that in London , is this reflected in what we earn ?
Many people in the capital receive the ‘ London allowance ' , an extra sum of cash to help with the high cost of living . With Cambridge quickly becoming as expensive as the capital , is it time our workers received a ‘ Cambridge allowance ' ?
Rob Turner is secretary of the Cambridgeshire County branch of UNISON and formerly worked for Cambridgeshire County Council in children 's services .
He said : “ Cambridge is fast becoming an area of high-cost housing , childcare and transport . Wages , particularly in local government , but also in areas such as the third sector – care for the elderly being a prime example – have not kept pace with the rising cost of living . ''
According to Mr Turner , UNISON has been asking for a Cambridge allowance for years on the basis of recruitment and retention of key staff . However , he said Cambridgeshire County Council , for one , had always rejected the idea .
“ Recognising that Cambridge is now a special case is paramount , if we want to prevent families suffering further hardship , ” he said .
So how would a ‘ Cambridge allowance ' work ?
No single organisation sets the London allowance . It varies depending on who someone works for and where they live in the capital .
For example , an NHS worker receives 20 per cent on top of their basic salary if they live in inner London , 15 per cent in outer London and five per cent in the London “ fringe ” . Other sectors pay a flat rate for each zone .
A spokesperson for Cambridgeshire County Council said that , because they employed staff across the county , a Cambridge allowance system would not be straightforward to implement .
They added that an allowance had not featured in any discussions with the trade unions in recent years .
Mr Turner said UNISON 's discussions with the council about pay had included the idea of an allowance .
He added : “ To remain fair and equitable across all employees for the county council , this would need to be set as a county allowance . ”
Giovanna Mead , 28 , is a qualified nurse and is training to be a health visitor in Cambridge .
“ With the cost of living , my colleagues have been forced to move out of the city and commute , ” she said .
She felt it was unfair to expect nurses working long shifts to commute from outside the city .
“ Especially the nurses who work at Addenbrooke 's . They are doing 14-hour shifts . They do n't want to commute for hours everyday , ” said Ms Mead .
She added : “ I think it 's really disrespectful to people who go through all that training and hard work who are getting a worse salary to people who do n't have that amount of responsibility . People are struggling to pay off their mortgages and put food on the table . ”
The average house price in England and Wales is £219,187 , according to the latest figures by the Office for National Statistics . The figure in Cambridge is £441,460 , at 201 per cent of the national average , while in London it is £463,208 , at 211 per cent .
The latest earnings figures show the average weekly wage for England and Wales is £440.80 . In London it is £579.70 ( 132 per cent ) , while people in Cambridge get an average of £512.20 ( 116 per cent ) .
NHS Employers – the organisation that negotiates contracts with healthcare staff – were asked if they would consider a Cambridge allowance but they were unable to comment .
Not all union workers support the idea of a Cambridge allowance .
Keith Anderson , Regional Organiser for teachers ' union NASUWT said introducing regional pay differences during a national crisis in recruitment was “ divisive ” .
“ The danger is once you go down the road of one area having privilege over another it draws you away from the argument that teachers are underpaid generally , ” said Mr Anderson .
Many companies in the private sector offer additional money to their staff in London . HSBC pays an extra £2,000-4,000 depending on how close to the centre an employee lives .
HSBC were asked whether they would consider a similar system for Cambridge . However , they said they were unable to comment .
John Bridge is Chief Executive of the Cambridgeshire Chambers of Commerce , which represents the business community .
“ Clearly what happens is the market sets the rate you need . Companies have to look at it and they have to set the pay rates accordingly , ” said Mr Bridge .
He added : “ We have thriving , successful businesses and clearly the people they employ are vital to this , so they make sure their pay and conditions are right .
“ It [ an allowance ] is an old-fashioned concept . We live in a world now where supply and demand determine the level of pay that people command . ”
Mr Turner said that it was harder to make these adjustments to pay in the public sector , where pay scales are often set nationally .
“ This [ changing pay nationally ] is possible but would need much more negotiation than an additional allowance which could be applied locally , ” he said .
Ms Mead said she was convinced of the need for an allowance in Cambridge .
“ House prices are not that far off London . Also , the cost of restaurants , shops and parking are close to London . That all has knock-on effects on people 's standard of living . You need to go off with your family and have social time . You need to have an income that compares to the cost of living . There is a reason why London has an allowance . Why do n't we ? ”
A gas turbine engine from a U.S. Air Force F-16C Fighting Falcon , assigned to the New Jersey Air National Guard 's 177th Fighter Wing at the Atlantic City Air National Guard Base in Egg Harbor Township , N.J. , is tested at full afterburner in the engine test cell facility , also known as the `` Hush House '' on Jan. 31 , 2017 . The General Electric F110-GE-100 turbofan , produces close to 29,000 pounds of static thrust in afterburner , which can propel the Fighting Falcon to approximately twice the speed of sound . ( U.S. Air National Guard photo by Master Sgt . Andrew J. Moseley/Released )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 01.31.2017 Date Posted : 02.14.2017 22:14 Photo ID : 3165540 VIRIN : 170131-Z-YH452-065 Resolution : 6016x4016 Size : 5.93 MB Location : EGG HARBOR TOWNSHIP , NJ , US Web Views : 1 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Air National Guardsmen utilize multi-function engine test cell facility [ Image 1 of 9 ] , by MSgt Andrew Moseley , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
American songstress Selena Gomez has been on our radar for all the right reasons lately . With the help of her stylist Kate Young , Gomez has been spotted in a slew of seriously covetable high fashion looks . From an edgy hot-pink Miu Miu jumpsuit to a chic and sophisticated Victoria Beckham knit dress , we chronicle ten of Selena 's best looks from 2017 so far .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
A man has been arrested and three more men are on the run after a stolen car , used to escape from a burglary this morning , was involved in a head-on crash just outside Peterborough .
The red BMW hit a blue Jaguar F-Pace head-on in North Bank , Whittlesey at 11.44am .
The car was stolen during a burglary in Yaxley earlier this month and was used in a burglary this morning in Oilmills Road in Ramsey Mereside .
The BMW , with four men in it , was fleeing the scene when it crashed in North Bank .
One of the men , who is in his 40s , was arrested at the scene and taken to Peterborough City Hospital with facial injuries .
Three other men fled the scene . The only descriptions of the men police have been that they are white , of average height and all wearing black balaclavas .
Police have recovered a safe and gold coins at the crash scene believed to have been stolen from the Ramsey burglary today .
North Bank remained closed at its junction with Northey Road until 4.30pm while police investigations continued and the road was cleared of oil and glass .
The driver of the Jaguar involved in the crash suffered minor injuries .
Anyone with information about the burglaries or the location of the three men should call police on 101 .
Hoffenheim prodigy Nagelsmann paving the way for young coaches in Bundesliga
Speaking to Omnisport , Hoffenheim and Bundesliga prodigy Julian Nagelsmann , 30 , acknowledges he has opened the door for young coaches .
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017 , 15:28 IST
Hoffenheim head coach Julian Nagelsmann
As Hoffenheim prepare to test themselves against Liverpool in the Champions League play-offs , Julian Nagelsmann knows he has paved the way for young coaches in the Bundesliga .
Nagelsmann – the Bundesliga 's youngest ever head coach – was just 28 years of age when he was fast-tracked from Hoffenheim 's successful youth team to the club 's senior role following the sudden resignation of Huub Stevens due to health reasons in February 2016 .
After steering Hoffenheim away from relegation in 2015-16 , 30-year-old Nagelsmann guided the Germans to fourth and Champions League qualification last season .
While eyebrows were raised when Hoffenheim 's hierarchy turned to Nagelsmann , they had long been moulding the former Under-19s boss , and rival clubs are now trying to replicate what has been achieved at Rhein-Neckar-Arena .
Schalke have appointed 31-year-old Domenico Tedesco , while Hannes Wolf , 36 , is in charge of newly-promoted Stuttgart .
Speaking exclusively to Omnisport ahead of Tuesday 's visit of Liverpool , Nagelsmann said : `` My appointment as head coach certainly paved the way for other young coaches . However , I could also have fallen flat on my face . If it does n't work out , people will say 'How can you do such a load of rubbish as a young head coach ? '
`` If it had not worked out for me , Domenico Tedesco and Hannes Wolf would probably not be head coaches in the Bundesliga right now . ''
Dubbed 'Baby Mourinho ' by former goalkeeper-turned WWE star Tim Wiese , Nagelsmann 's remarkable success has come after just one full season at Hoffenheim .
Nagelsmann – whose playing career was cut short before it even started due to persistent knee problems as a teenager – took over a club in desperate trouble but he restored Hoffenheim 's ailing fortunes as he preserved their top-flight status by a solitary point .
That was the beginning of something special in the Rhine-Neckar Metropolitan Region , as Hoffenheim started the 2016-17 campaign without defeat in 17 matches .
While many expected the wheels to fall off throughout the season , Nagelsmann and Hoffenheim continued to march on , claiming the prized scalp of Bayern Munich , eventually finishing fourth and only five points adrift of runners-up RB Leipzig .
`` For us , it was certainly not a coincidence that we played the best season in our club 's history , instead it was down to hard work , '' Nagelsmann said . `` The good league position was on the one hand down to our consistently good performances and on the other side it was down to other clubs playing below their expectations , clubs like Bayer Leverkusen , Schalke , Wolfsburg and Borussia Monchengladbach .
`` Success on the pitch is every sportsman 's goal , I am no different in that aspect , '' he continued . `` But I always see this success as a result of all the coaching staff working together . After all , everyone in our club is working hard so that in the end we perform well . ''
Comparing the status of the club to when he first assumed control , Nagelsmann – who has helped revolutionise not only Hoffenheim but the Bundesliga with the introduction of a 6x3-metre videowall to analyse training – added : `` Boredom is the worst factor , this is a big danger for any well-functioning relationship - be this for me as a head coach working together with the players or be this in a private relationship .
`` There has always got to be that bit of fire . I have a good rhetoric and I can excite groups of people . I already managed to do that in school . You need this gift in order to stand in front of a group of people and to convince them of an idea . You need to be very brave if you want to be a successful head coach – you need to try new things , not be afraid of making mistakes and of negative consequences . And you need to have good tactical knowledge . ''
Nagelsmann 's exploits were rewarded with a new contract until 2021 , having been tipped to become the future coach of Bayern and Germany .
`` My contract extension was generally an important sign for Hoffenheim and the players and they are now secure in knowing that I will be here next year and will stay on for a few more years after that , '' he said . `` However I will not make the mistake and say that I will stay until a certain date , because I do n't even know what that would be myself . Because this is a business where both sides have to make a decision – the club and me . ''
SOLD OUT
Full house at Rhein-Neckar-Arena : No more tickets are available for our # UCL home match against @ LFC . # TSGLFC # DASERSTEMAL — TSG Hoffenheim EN ( @ achtzehn99_en ) August 8 , 2017
Now Nagelsmann 's Hoffenheim are gearing up for a blockbuster showdown against Premier League giants Liverpool , with a spot in the Champions League group stage up for grabs .
It will also be an opportunity for Nagelsmann – a prodigy of Thomas Tuchel having worked closely with the former Borussia Dortmund boss during their time at Augsburg – to pit himself against countryman Jurgen Klopp .
`` We are totally looking forward to going into these games . I do n't think it is a good idea to put up the warning signals before you even start . We have been drawn against a strong opponent . But we will meet this challenge in a confident manner , '' said Nagelsmann , who previously met with Bayern 's most influential men during Pep Guardiola 's tenure at the Allianz Arena as they attempted to lure the highly-rated coach .
`` Taking part in the Champions League play-offs is our just reward . We worked hard for a whole year to be able to take part in European competition and we are looking forward to the exciting tasks we will be facing . ''
`` It was hard work . But we deserved the win . '' - @ Bico333 after # RWETSG . More match reactions by # tsg players https : //t.co/jxFTNnyZKt — TSG Hoffenheim EN ( @ achtzehn99_en ) August 13 , 2017
It is a big week for Hoffenheim , with the Bundesliga also set to kick-off , starting against visiting Werder Bremen on Saturday .
They will do it without former captain Sebastian Rudy and key defender Niklas Sule , who have both departed for champions Bayern , but Nagelsmann still has a `` great '' target in place for the season ahead .
`` It is part of our philosophy , the way things are done here in Hoffenheim , to develop players . Niklas , who came from our own academy and made it all the way to the national side is an excellent example of this , '' Nagelsmann said .
`` Sebastian also developed a lot as a player here – he started as a talented football player and developed into a key player and full German international . The important thing for me is that we maintain the structure behind the team and that we have strengthened our squad with exciting new players . I am certain we have a very capable group of players readies for the new season .
`` I wo n't force any position in the table . But I still have a great target . I do n't want to hear the words 'double pressure ' and 'danger ' . Because then we should have thought this through differently in the second half of the season . Then we would have had to say we are not in the mood to have the double pressure and we would lose the games .
`` Now we are there and now we will give everything . Because as I said taking part in European competition is the just reward for all the hard work we put in last season . ''
A man who claimed benefit payments despite having more than £55,000 in savings has been ordered to pay back the money he was overpayed , but has avoided jail .
Paul Shinners had pleaded guilty to a charge of fraud by failing to declare his savings when claiming income-related support allowance .
Shinners , 62 , of Leigh Crescent , Long Itchington , was sentenced to six months in prison suspended for 12 months by a judge at Warwick Crown Court .
Recorder William Edis QC also ordered him to pay £10,776 under the Proceeds of Crime Act and £340 in costs .
Prosecutor Henry Skudra said in 2013 Shinners had started claiming employment support allowance , and a year later he began claiming income-related support allowance .
The basis of his claim was that he was not in work and had no employment or savings .
But in fact it was later found that at the time he made his claim , he had savings totalling £55,183 spread across four building society accounts and a bank account .
Over the period of the fraud from January 2014 until April last year , that figure gradually dropped to £36,500 – which Mr Skudra pointed out was still above the maximum figure at which he could claim such benefit .
And over that period Shinners had been paid £11,719 to which he was not entitled .
Explaining that some of the money has been recovered by being deducted from benefits Shinners was still entitled to , Mr Skudra asked the judge to make a confiscation order for £10,776 .
And Jasvir Mann , defending , said Shinners , who has medical issues which mean he would be unsuitable to carry out unpaid work , agreed to the confiscation order .
Recorder Edis commented : “ He seems , from the pre-sentence report , to think there 's nothing much wrong with what he 's done . He would know there was if there was a suspended sentence . ”
And he told Shinners : “ Over two years you continued to claim a particular benefit to which you were not entitled because you had capital over the prescribed limit .
“ I do n't believe for a moment you did n't know you had this money . This was a sustained piece of fraud . However , it was not fraudulent from the outset .
“ This case clearly crosses the custody threshold , but I am not going to send you to prison . Because of your assets , you are able to make full restitution to the public purse . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A young mum was found dead after she told friends : `` Goodnight world , I 'm turning myself off '' .
Tributes have been paid to `` beautiful angel '' Mollie Horton , 22 , after the mum-of-one was found in her terraced home .
Police say they are not treating her death as suspicious and were called to her address after `` concerns about her welfare '' .
Animal lover Mollie was found dead just days after posting a picture of herself on Facebook with a cartoon halo above her head , and wrote : `` Goodnight world , I 'm turning myself off '' .
Mollie , of Milford Haven , Pembs , leaves behind her three-year-old daughter Lilli .
( Image : WALES NEWS SERVICE )
( Image : WALES NEWS SERVICE )
( Image : WALES NEWS SERVICE )
( Image : WALES NEWS SERVICE )
A spokeswoman for Dyfed Powys Police said officers tried to contact Mollie after worried friends called in fear .
She said : `` Dyfed-Powys Police received a call reporting concerns for the welfare of a woman in Howarth Close , Milford Haven .
`` Sadly , a 22-year-old woman was found deceased . ''
( Image : WALES NEWS SERVICE )
( Image : WALES NEWS SERVICE )
( Image : WALES NEWS SERVICE )
Police confirmed they are not treating Mollie 's death as suspicious .
Friends of Mollie - a keen horse rider - paid tribute to her online , with some saying they hoped she was now `` at peace '' .
Zoe Howard wrote : `` R.I.P Beautiful Mollie Horton , ca n't believe what you 've done but I hope you 're at peace now baby girl . ''
Kelsie Daines wrote : `` I feel like my heart has been ripped from my chest . Sleep well you beautiful angel , I love you to the moon and back . ''
Sian Baxter also called Mollie a `` beautiful angel '' after learning of her death .
Pembrokeshire Coroner 's office confirmed an inquest into her death is due to be opened and they 're awaiting reports .
This development paves the way for a possible showdown between incumbent Danny Jordaan and Sexwale‚ who tried unsuccessfully to become Fifa president last year .
Nonkonyana told TimesLIVE on Saturday morning that he met Sexwale on Friday to inform him that the results of a public poll by the NFCF showed that he was an overwhelming favourite of the people to lead Safa going forward .
“ I met him on Friday to brief him about the results of the survey that we conducted and he has agreed in principle to run for the position of Safa presidency‚ ” Nonkonyana said .
“ He said he was humbled by the vote of confidence shown in him by the people but as an envoy of Caf and Fifa he wanted to consult first . I am happy that he has listened and has given us positive feedback and we expect him to make an announcement soon . ”
Other NFCF members who ranked highly on the forum 's poll are former Fifa referee Ace Ncobo‚ former Bafana Bafana captain Lucas Radebe‚ Mandla “ Shoes ” Mazibuko and Nonkonyane‚ who have all indicated they will support Sexwale on the campaign trail .
“ One of the main things that we will be focusing on is the issue of unity across all regions because we are not doing this for ourselves but for the betterment of football in this country‚ ” said former Safa vice-president Nonkonyana .
On Friday Safa released a strong-worded statement saying that they have instructed their attorneys to send a letter of demand to the NFCF to desist from disseminating false‚ malicious and untrue information about the association and Jordaan‚ but Nonkonyana said he was not concerned .
NORFOLK , Va. — Steven Whitley scored a career-high 20 points with seven assists , Nic Thomas also scored 20 points , and Norfolk State beat Morgan State 76-65 on Saturday to win its third straight .
Derrik Jamerson Jr. had 14 points for the Spartans ( 7-16 , 5-3 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference ) , who shot 55.6 per cent from long distance ( 10 of 18 ) and 51 per cent from the field . Thomas and Jamerson scored four 3s apiece .
Whitley 's layup capped a 10-4 run for a 49-35 Norfolk State lead and the Spartans led by 17 on Jamerson 's 3 with 12:31 to go . The Bears gained on a 9-2 run while the Spartans went without a field goal for nearly seven minutes , but trailed 74-65 on Tiwian Kendley 's layup with 31 seconds to go and got no closer .
Preston Bungei 's 3 put the Spartans up for good , 10-8 , Thomas hit back-to-back 3s , and Norfolk State led 39-29 at halftime after shooting 61.5 per cent from 3 ( 8 of 13 ) .
A man killed in a helicopter crash in Harrogate yesterday has been named as Barry Dodd CBE , the Lord-Lieutenant for North Yorkshire .
Witnesses described an `` enormous explosion '' as the helicopter crashed in a crop field at Aldborough near Boroughbridge at about 1.30pm yesterday .
Read more : One dead in helicopter crash in Yorkshire
North Yorkshire Police yesterday said : `` One man , believed to be the pilot of the private aircraft , was pronounced dead at the scene . No further casualties have been reported . ''
Its officers were working alongside investigators from the Civil Aviation Authority , which will examine the cause of the crash .
`` One man , believed to be the pilot of the private aircraft , was pronounced dead at the scene . No further casualties have been reported .
Read more : Witness tells of 'enormous explosion ' after helicopter crash near Boroughbridge
In a statement on its website this morning , the North Yorkshire Lieutenancy said : `` The Lieutenancy office has been advised of a helicopter accident yesterday afternoon . Although formal identification is yet to be confirmed it is understood that the single casualty of this accident is Her Majesty 's Lord-Lieutenant for North Yorkshire , Mr Barry Dodd CBE .
`` Clearly this is a tragic event and thoughts are very much with his family and friends . No further information is available at the present time . ''
Mr Dodd was also the chief executive of York , North Yorkshire and East Riding Enterprise Partnership .
Nico Guilis is best knows for her surf-chic Instagram and website that meld girl power and fashion imagery for its quarter of a million followers . But before Nico was the creative director and photographer behind-the-brand she was an art student . Returning to her roots and bringing her love of surf culture with her , Guilis is releasing a new collection of hand-made surfboards that leverage her own photography and art with the skilled hands of artisans and shapers . The artful results are on display now in the rooms at Montauk 's cool kid spot The Surf Lodge as part of its ongoing artist residency . Below , the Cali native and current Long Islander waxes rhapsodic on her latest venture .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
What was the inspiration for the boards ?
A year ago I began going back to my hand-done art I used to do in art school . I created a whole room in my house with vintage pin up magazines and decided that concept would be amazing on surfboards and skateboards . It 's been about me Nico as an artist and less about the findyourcalifornia brand that I 've created , if that makes sense .
There are literally 14 vintage surfboards and 33 skatedecks with my hand-done art in my house . In creating these , I started to feel alive again in a different way , not having to be on my phone or Instagram , using my mind and my hands , diving into creation and creating something completely original with four things I love : photo , design , art and surf .
Tell me about the process of creating them ...
My shaper BeCkeR and I choose the shape of board I work on at that time and then I do artwork by hand and choose the colors and pin lines with my glasser , then it goes through many processes to get to where they are finished . It takes five of us to complete one board—you can feel the hand-made love in these .
I 'm studying a lot of vintage techniques and I am working on them four days a week—totally disconnected and totally checked out .
Nico Guilis
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
What images appear on the boards ? Are they all original or did you collaborate with other photographers as well ?
It 's a mix . For most of the boards , all the images are my original imagery and specialty things I photographed for the pieces . I just finished the second collection , which is really vibrant and I 'm working on my third .
There are also two punk surfboards I did with my friend , photographer Jimmy Fontaine 's photo series , “ Everything Went Black ” . Jimmy is someone I 've respected for years and his masculine black and white imagery really is a great contrast to my feminine energy .
My other friend , inspiration and photographer Jean Pigozzi allowed me to create custom specialty pieces for him with his “ Journal from the 70s ” series . His “ Journal of the 70s ” photo book was the first photography volume I bought when I was 24 and living in Paris . This book has inspired me for years and now I 'm creating a surf board with it—how much more awesome and far out can you get ?
I love being able to incorporate other artists whose work I really respect—they trust my interpretation of their imagery . It 's f * cking amazing to be honest .
Nico Guilis
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Is each board unique ?
I wanted each board to have a different energy and vibe and be from an original place in my head . It pushes me to constantly think and create and also allows each person who collects one to have their own original piece I sign , date and number . They are holding onto something I spent hours on and no one will have that same board—that 's really important and special .
Why surf boards ?
I love design and some of my favorite designers are surfboard designers . It allows me to have a range in size and surface . It 's also incredibly challenging and magnetic for me . What a surf board represents is history , passion , love , nostalgia , design , art , and respect . All the things I live by and try to recreate . I look for people 's reactions or if I hit a part of their soul that makes them smile or think . It can be surfed on or used as a wall hanger piece , it 's functional art with movement and energy .
The board creation ... Nico Guilis
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Why was Surf Lodge a good partner for you ?
My friend Dria Murphy who owns creative brand building company , Alise Collective . She works with Surf Lodge and she saw my boards privately and immediately said I needed to be resident artist with my first collection . Surf Lodge has always cultivated an incredible list of artists to feature over the summers and it was a place I felt would embody the spirit and support I needed to release something I 've been working towards for a year . I feel really honored to be apart of this summer 's residency .
WATERLOO REGION — More than 3,000 people have applied to become an LRT driver in Waterloo Region .
The online posting , seeking 39 drivers who will earn $ 62,000- $ 65,000 a year , only went up two weeks ago .
There were so many applications , the job posting is closing sooner than originally planned .
`` Due to an overhwhelming response , Keolis Grand River will be closing the request for LRT Operator applications as of Monday June 4th at 4 p.m. '' read an email from spokesperson Lauren Reaman .
`` Those that have successfully completed the first step in the hiring process will be contacted shortly . ''
Keolis , the firm that will operate the region 's light rail transit system for 10 years , originally planned to keep the job posting open for four weeks .
The LRT system and 14 Ion trains are expected to begin running between Conestoga Mall in Waterloo and Fairview Park mall in in Kitchener in December .
Keolis is a partner in GrandLinq , the consortium awarded the contract to design and build the system .
On Wednesday morning , the company said it had `` a glitch '' with the posting but indicated it was still active .
No previous experience at the helm of an LRT vehicle is required by the job posting . A high school diploma and five years driving experience are needed . The company will train all new drivers as if they are new to the LRT trains and the system .
Frank Holmes : HIVE 's Laser Guided Plan For Staying Ahead In 2018 Video – Crush the Street
Frank Holmes Chairman of HIVE Blockchain Technologies shares his expertise with us and gives an overview of HIVE 's roadmap for 2018 and key insights into the Blockchain space . We also break down the adoption curve with Blockchain and the creation of the Stock Market 2.0 via tokenization .
TOPICS IN THIS INTERVIEW :
01:30 Miami Bitcoin conference
02:50 Blockchain technology for 2018
04:30 HIVE Blockchain Technologies for 2018
07:40 The price target for HIVE
08:40 Staying ahead and maintaining the first mover advantage in the space
10:35 Metcalfe 's law and the adoption curve in Blockchain
15:40 Creating the Stock Market 2.0
Video Source
Sharing is caring !
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The ever-fabulous foodPark has announced a new evening pitch !
On the first Thursday of the month , from now until August , a tasty selection of traders will be popping up at The Blue Moon pub on Norfolk Street .
It 's part of Tap Takeovers , an event which sees different breweries provide the beer – offering tasting notes and a chance to chat about the brews - and foodPark provide the fodder .
The first Tap Takeover takes place on March 9 , 6-10pm , with Thornbridge Brewery showcasing 10 beers on the taps and Guerrilla Kitchen serving its signature bao , ribs and sides .
Who does n't fancy a tub of kimchi mac with their pint ?
Where else can I find the foodPark ?
West Cambridge Site CB3 0FS - Wednesdays 12-2pm
Science Park - Thursdays 12-2pm
CB1 Mill Park , off Station Road - Fridays 12-2pm
And now The Bluemoon pub , Norfolk Street - First Thursday of each month , evenings
Which traders are there ?
There are 13 regular food vans at weekly foodPark 's including the delicious :
Kura Kura - Sri Lankan and South Indian streetfood and NEW to foodPark this year .
Buffalo Joes - Buffalo wings and buttermilk fried chicken . That even sounds delicious to SAY .
Find all the dates and line-ups at foodparkcam.com .
Next month 's issue of Business Cornwall magazine will focus on Cornwall 's creative sectors and we need your input .
We would love to get your views on the impact and future direction of the creative sector in Cornwall . Our colleagues at PFA Research have drawn up five questions to consider and your responses will inform an analysis of the sector to be published in the November issue of Business Cornwall magazine . To take part in the survey , click here .
If you would like to promote your business within this feature , contact Caroline Hill .
What If She 's Too Busy For You ?
What Do I Do If She Says She 's Interested , But Keeps Being Too Busy ?
The Dating Nerd is a shadowy figure whose whereabouts and identifying details remain unknown . What we do know is that he is really , really good at dating . He 's been on more dates than you can shake a lengthy bar tab at , and he 's here to help the average guy step his dating game up a notch — or several .
The Question
Hi Dating Nerd ,
So I 'm stumped . I 've been out with this girl three times . Everything seemed to go well . We really hit it off , and the physical chemistry was definitely there , if you know what I mean . But now , it 's been a couple of weeks , and I have n't seen her because she 's always busy . Every time I try to set up a date , her schedule is already totally packed . How do I deal with trying to date someone who has so little free time ? What do I do ?
- Flaked-On Frankie
The Answer
Hi Flaked-On Frankie ,
The funny thing about this question is that the answer is contained within the question itself . What do you do if she 's too busy for you ? Nothing . Because she 's too busy for you . You ca n't do anything with her , because she 's literally not there . Physically , she is absent . She is not present in your life . So do n't waste your life . Move on . Hang out with somebody else . Get Tinder . Get a new hobby . Go do aid work in the slums of Cairo . Whatever . It 's a free country .
Let me break this down for you . There is a very simple truth about people who are “ too busy for you. ” Which is that it 's not that they literally have no time . It 's that they have limited time , so they only see people who they 're really interested in . For whatever reason , you 've failed that test . You are not sufficiently compelling to this girl , so she 's not making time for you . That does n't mean you 're a bad person , or anything , or that you 're unattractive . Do n't take it personally . Worth is relative . There 's some girl out there who 'll think you 're the best guy ever , outside of Idris Elba . Find that girl . Find someone to whom you 're valuable . There 's nothing more to it .
“ But Dating Nerd , ” you say , as your lower lip trembles , and your heart palpitates , “ she 's actually , like , really busy . She 's a secret agent with a cupcake business on the side whose mother is dying of a rare fungus for which there is no treatment . And we had a coffee date but she had to cancel because her car exploded . And she flaked out on a dinner date with me because of a sudden episode of food poisoning . This is all totally legitimate . ”
Nope . All of that is B.S . and/or surmountable . If she was interested in you , she would see you . She would find a way . Think about it . Is there anyone on earth who literally does n't have any time whatsoever to see another human being ? No . Nobody . Not unless they 're in solitary confinement . I 'm just going to go ahead and assume that the person you 're dating is not in jail for third-degree murder . She 's just a pretty young woman with a lot going on . A lot that does n't include you .
Now , it 's true that there are a lot of people who have very little time . That 's real . But if they want to see you , such a person will give you the tiny amount of time they have . Maybe she only has 30 minutes on her lunch break on Friday . Great . If she wants to see you , she will offer you that parcel of thirty minutes . Or you 'll grab a painfully quick nightcap before she goes to bed . Or you 'll have a not-short night of an entirely different kind together , and she 'll go to work exhausted the next day , because having fun naked times with you is actually a priority .
This girl does not consider you a priority . Odds are , she just wants to tell you she 's not interested , but she 's too cowardly to do it . And who could blame her ? A lot of guys are cowards and weaklings , and throw hissy-fits when told they 're not attractive , or just not the right person . There 's actually a significant degree of emotional risk in rejecting you outright . Also , it 's kind of dramatic to break up with somebody after you 've been on three dates . She 's trying to drop a hint , and hoping that you 'll take it . So far , you have not . You should .
Do n't , in other words , behave like I did with this girl Francis . She was young , fun , energetic , and all the more appealing because she was elusive . We flirted on OKCupid for weeks before I finally nailed down a date . In my opinion , the date was fantastic . After a fun , engaging conversation , we made out extensively in a nearby alleyway . Second date , also fantastic . Dinner , hookup at her apartment . Great . Romance attained . No problem .
Except that after that , she was always busy . We 'd make a date , and she 'd cancel it . Or she 'd tell me to get back with her once she got her work schedule , and then she was mysteriously working at literally every moment when I was free . Because I was hopelessly naive , and young , and stupid , I did n't figure out what was going on . For two months , I kept messaging her on and off . And while I did go out with some other girls , it was sort of half-hearted , because I was waiting for Francis to deliver .
My whole perspective was shifted , however , when I was out with some buddies and I saw Francis at my local bar . She was n't exactly overjoyed to see me—because she was on a date with another guy . She introduced me as awkwardly as possible , said I was her “ friend , ” and said “ anyway , nice to see you , ” after a two-second conversation .
So , she was actually busy . With other dudes . Or having fun in other ways . This is almost undoubtedly true of your love interest . Let go . Right now , this feels like a big deal . Six months from now , when you 're dating someone completely different , who actually likes you , who genuinely wants to spend time with you , you wo n't . So get over it . Proceed with your life . Unless you 're content to constantly pepper this girl with messages until you happen to hit her up when she 's bored enough that she wants to hang out with you . But that is a terrible , desperate life that you should not want to live .
Think you could use some dating help , too ? Email the Dating Nerd at askus @ askmen.com .
`` They were a big test and we wanted to see how we 'd do against them , '' said McEneny . `` We knew it was going to be like a playoff atmosphere and we wanted it that way . Everyone came in excited and ready to go . Everyone was fired up for it . ''
Brandon Saigeon did all the damage for the visitors . His first put the 'Dogs up 1-0 about nine minutes into the game while his next two helped Hamilton tie things up in the second and third period .
Kitchener also got goals from Kole Sherwood , Logan Stanley and Garreffa while goalie Mario Culina turned aside 42 shots to remain perfect with the Rangers at 7-0 .
Centre Logan Brown picked up four helpers and now has at least three points in every game since coming to Kitchener in a trade with the Windsor Spitfires .
McKee slotted Garreffa , a natural forward , on the blue line to shake things up .
`` Joe was going a bit cold up front , '' said McKee . `` He 's a guy that we need to light a spark under to get him going . ''
The move worked as the third year player potted his eighth of the season to end a 14-game scoring slump dating back to Dec. 28 .
`` It was n't the greatest goal , '' said Garreffa . `` I went off a defenceman 's skate . ''
But it proved instrumental in the tight contest against the Canadian Hockey League 's seventh ranked club .
`` We want to show that we 're a top dog , '' said Garreffa , whose Rangers have now won seven consecutive games . `` The boys are finding our game . I think we have more to give . I think as a team we can take it to another level and it will be scary for other teams if we do . ''
Kitchener centre Greg Meireles continues to sit with a lower body injury while defencemen Jack York , Kyle Gentles and Alex Peterson were healthy scratches Friday .
Hamilton forward Robert Thomas was also out after receiving a five-game suspension for slashing Peterborough 's Zach Gallant Thursday while winger MacKenzie Entwistle was sidelined with an upper body injury .
The Rangers are off to Owen Sound to face the Attack Saturday at the Harry Lumley Bayshore Community Centre at 7:30 p.m. Kitchener is 4-2-1-0 against the Attack this season .
jbrown @ therecord.com , Twitter : @ BrownRecord
Kewal Kiran Clothing , the makers of Killer Jeans , had moved court , alleging infringement of their design and passing off .
Mumbai : The maker of ‘ Killer ' jeans Kewal Kiran Clothing Ltd ( KKCL ) has taken iconic denim brand Levi 's owner Levi Strauss ( India ) Pvt . Ltd to court for the alleged infringement of its registered design , said two people familiar with the development .
According to the first person quoted above , BSE-listed KKCL has filed a case in the Bombay high court alleging that American clothing brand Levi 's is infringing their registered design that the company is using since August 2010 .
“ The Indian company had registered ‘ vertebral column ' design , which is also known as the surface pattern , that the company is using to stitch from the sides , ” said second person privy to the development .
“ Kewal Kiran has filed the case against Levi Strauss on 1 March and the case came for the hearing on 18 April , ” the person added
The firm had moved the court , alleging infringement of their design and passing off .
‘ Passing-off ' in intellectual property rights ( IPR ) law means making a false representation that is likely to induce a person to believe the goods or services are those of another . Levi Strauss has filed its reply in the case on 18 April .
Graphic : Vipul Sharma/Mint
`` The advocate appearing for the defendants ( Levi Strauss ) has tendered the reply of the defendants . The same is taken on record , '' said Justice S.J . Kathawala in an order passed on 18 April .
“ The Plaintiff ( KKCL ) to file affidavit in rejoinder , if any , within a period of four weeks from today , ” the order further adds .
The court will hear the matter further on 27 June .
An email query to Mumbai-based KKCL remained unanswered till the time of filing the story .
Ramesh Gajria , founder of law firm Gajria and Co. who is representing KKCL in the matter along with senior counsel Virendra Tulzapurkar , confirmed the development , but refused to divulge any details since the matter is subjudice .
While Levi Strauss declined to comment on the story , senior advocate Venkatesh Dhond , who is representing Levi Strauss India , also confirmed the development , but refused to divulge any details .
Mumbai-based KKCL reported a consolidated revenue of Rs492.37 crore , up 7.67 % year-on-year ( y-o-y ) in FY17 . Its net profit rose more than 25 % to Rs85.27 crore for the year to March 2017 , as per the company 's annual report .
The maker of Levi 's brand of denims reported a revenue of Rs842.4 crore for the year to March 2017 , according to its filing with the Registrar of Companies ( RoC ) . Its net profit declined 27 % year-on-year to Rs57.8 crore during the same period .
The American jeans brand is not new to legal disputes in India .
Earlier , in mid-2015 , another home-grown firm Federal Brands Ltd , the owner of Live In jeans , had filed a suit against Levi 's India for infringement of copyright and sought damages of Rs75 crore after the US apparel company launched a global marketing campaign—the Live In Levi 's Project .
The Indian denim maker was seeking the court 's intervention to stop Levi Strauss and Co from using the prefix ‘ Live In ' .
However , later in February 2017 , both the companies had opted for an out-of-court settlement
BUSINESS
South Korea 's customs service said Wednesday that it has opened a chat room in the country 's dominant chat app Kakao Talk as part of its efforts to gather evidence over allegations that the members of Korean Air Chairman Cho Yang-ho 's family smuggled luxury goods without paying duties .
The Korea Customs Service said anyone can join the chat room with the click at the click of a link ( open.kakao.com/o/g9vFEqL ) .
The move came as Korean Air officials who tipped off the media about Cho family members ' tax evasion are reportedly reluctant to cooperate with customs officials out of concern of possible reprisal or being seen as colluding with the owning family .
Customs officials recently raided Korean Air 's headquarters as well as the homes of the owning family to secure evidence of the alleged smuggling and tax evasion .
Smuggling is an offense that carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison and fines up to 10 times the duties evaded .
Korean Air Line Co. Chairman Cho Yang-ho ( Yonhap )
( Yonhap )
The Korean Air owning family is facing mounting public criticism over a series of revelations of physical and verbal abuse by family members.Cho 's youngest daughter , Cho Hyun-min , is accused of having thrown water in the face of an ad agency manager during a meeting last month.She is the younger sister of Cho Hyun-ah , who gained global notoriety for the `` nut rage '' incident in 2014 . She forced a plane back to the boarding gate at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport because she was upset with the way her nuts were served -- in an unopened bag instead of on a plate.Cho recently offered a public apology and dismissed his two daughters from all of their posts.Still , the chairman 's actions did not mitigate the public outrage as fresh allegations have surfaced over physical and verbal violence by Cho 's wife , Lee Myung-hee.Lee , who is chairperson of the nonprofit Ilwoo Foundation , allegedly tried to slap the face of a construction crew worker hired to remodel her Seoul residence in 2013 while forcing the worker to kneel . The worker avoided being hit by moving his head backward as Lee yelled at and kicked him.She is also suspected of insulting an employee at the Grand Hyatt hotel in Incheon , which is affiliated with Hanjin Group , and later having the worker fired for not recognizing her and calling her an old woman.Police have launched a preliminary investigation against Lee . ( Yonhap )
From : John P Hall , Harrogate .
I WAS most surprised at the about-turn by Harrogate Council leader Richard Cooper who was one of many council leaders to pledge support for a One Yorkshire devolution plan .
Instead he is caving in to bullying from London which does n't want the One Yorkshire deal , preferring instead to see splintered , weak city deals .
I strongly believe that these city deals would be the worst possible outcome ; Yorkshire will be stronger and much more effective standing together .
Yorkshire , with around 5.4 million people and an economy twice the size of that of Wales , can be a serious economic power .
If Yorkshire is divided , then our powers will be derisory .
A One Yorkshire deal will benefit all the region 's large towns and cities , but also be mindful of the smaller towns in the countryside that must not be left without a voice .
Yorkshire has fallen well behind economically .
We must now engage the people of Yorkshire in this debate , who so far have had no opportunity to express their views , in order to seize the initiative and move forward as a one united Yorkshire .
The 2018 FIFA World Cup kicks off in Russia from the 14th June to the 15th July . If you have n't been lucky enough to bag yourself tickets to the actual event , then do n't worry .
There are plenty of apps for Android and iOS devices to keep you updated on the latest news , scores and interviews straight from the sidelines . Some of the apps are official , others are football-focused and others come courtesy of your favorite news websites .
But importantly , all are similar , ensuring you do n't miss out on any of the action , whether you 're travelling , at work or at a social event full of non-footie-lovers .
( Image : © FIFA World Cup 2018 )
FIFA Official App
Let 's get the ball rolling with the official app for the World Cup this year . Created by FIFA , you can use the app to find out about all of the latest scores , exclusive updates , check fixtures , follow the action of your favorite teams , keep track of rankings and even watch the games live when you 're on-the-go .
There are lots of photos and videos available for you to keep tabs on all of the matches , relive the best moments and even watch interviews with the players if you do n't have time to scroll through all of the number-heavy stats and prefer to watch video to play catch-up . It 's basically all you need to keep on top of the action if you ca n't spend the tournament glued to the TV .
( Image : © Onefootball )
The Onefootball app ( and website ) is a one-stop-shop for everything football-related . Throughout the year , it keeps you up-to-date with nearly every league and tournament you can imagine . So come Summer 2018 it 'll be very much focused on the World Cup .
It provides all the things you 're after from a football app , including live scores , the best pick of highlights , features to follow your favorite teams and players , live commentary and you can even setup push notifications if you want to be in the know as soon as anything important happens .
( Image : © BBC Sport App )
BBC Sport
If you 're a fan of sport generally , it 's probably worthwhile getting the BBC Sport app . It brings you all the info you could need about the world of sport with a particular focus on whatever the biggest event is , which this Summer will be the World Cup .
You can get up-to-date news and analysis , as well as live coverage and highlights . You can also create a My Sport page , which personalises the news and sports info to your tastes so you 're not overwhelmed by details you do n't care about , leaving you only notified about the relevant stuff .
( Image : © Yahoo Sport )
As well as providing online coverage of sporting events , the Yahoo Sport app allows you to keep up-to-date with important news on-the-go . Like most other apps on this list , it 's a general app aimed at sports lovers but will be focusing on the World Cup when it comes around in June .
The app serves up the latest scores , important stats and rankings that you can personalise to your favorite teams and players so you 're not overwhelmed .
( Image : © TheScore App )
theScore
An app created with all sports in mind with a slant towards football fans , theScore provides information about football ( or soccer ) matches all over the globe and will be focusing on the World Cup tournament come June .
It features breaking news alerts , in-depth game stats , videos and interviews that you can personalise to you and your interests . You can also set up notifications about your favorite players and teams too if you suffer from serious FOMO .
For those who love to keep up-to-date with industry insight , social media news and behind-the-scenes info , theScore will also fill you in on all of the latest footie gossip both on and offline too .
( Image : © Welcome2018 )
Welcome 2018
If you 're lucky enough to be travelling to Russia to watch some of the World Cup 2018 games , then you need this app . It 'll ensure you 've got all your bases covered before you travel , like how to get a visa and how to buy tickets for the games .
Once you 're on the ground , it 'll keep you up-to-date with schedules and scores , as well as news and important details about the host cities you might be travelling to while you 're on-the-move . It also comes with a handy feature to recommend itineraries so you can see what all the host cities have to offer , getting your dose of culture as well as sport .
TechRadar 's World Cup coverage is brought to you in association with Honor .
President Trump “ is facing heated criticism over not publicly condemning white nationalists for inciting this weekend 's bloody confrontation in Charlottesville , but on Monday he criticized the head of Merck pharmaceuticals for quitting a federal panel in protest of Mr. Trump 's equivocal response to the violence , ” the New York Times reports .
Said Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier : “ America 's leaders must honor our fundamental views by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy , which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal . ”
Less than hour later , Mr. Trump , responded on Twitter : “ Now that Ken Frazier of Merck has resigned from President 's Manufacturing Council , he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
My son Jonathan started secondary school last year , and like any parent , I was anxious . But I need n't have worried – he 's already a bit famous there . He came home recently and told me about some boys being jealous of the attention he got from Year 8 girls !
Jonathan is bright – cleverer than me – and his poetry is amazing . But he 's not a wise sage all the time , he 's a naughty 11-year-old underneath it all , who is fun to be with . Although it could 've all been so different , he was silent for so long .
In 2006 , Jonathan was born with cerebral palsy and renal failure . We 'd been driving to a country pub and another car smashed into us , and although I was fine , it caused a placental abruption and Jonathan was being deprived of oxygen . He had to be delivered by emergency caesarean and was born blue and lifeless .
In the first few days he did n't make the progress we were hoping for , and at two and a half weeks old he had an MRI scan .
‘ It 's one of the worst scans of a brain the technician has seen , ' one of the neonatal consultants told us . He said it was a shame Jonathan was n't on a ventilator at the time , as then we could have ‘ switched him off ' .
When you are told news like that it creates a bleak numbness . We did n't burst into tears , it takes time to sink in .
The list of the things Jonathan would not be able to do was seemingly endless – run , jump , sit , talk , eat , even recognise us , his parents . But we knew there was fight in him , and while there was , we were n't going to give up . I found from the beginning that the only way to cope is one day at a time , and that we are given what is needed for each day as it comes .
During the next few months we had to make decisions on whether or not to continue Jonathan 's treatment , particularly for his kidneys . Each time we had conversations with consultants I asked them to look at the baby in the cot – there was something about him .
A knowing look , the look of someone who knew what was going on . Eventually we brought him home , but the first few years were a blur of hospital visits , regular dialysis , followed by a kidney transplant when he was nearly four . Yet despite all the visits to hospital and illness , it was obvious to us Jonathan was in there .
Like many children with cerebral palsy , we tried a number of ways for Jonathan to communicate . Fortunately , from quite an early age he developed a ‘ yes ' and ‘ no ' face for things he was asked about and cared about .
( Image : BBC )
Until he was seven , Jonathan was in a wheelchair and had no speech . He communicated with smiles , tears , laughter and the occasional jerky movement . He loves being cuddled , he has two younger sisters , Susannah , eight , and Jemima , five , and we involved him in everything we did .
We were also told to try sign . It became obvious Jonathan could understand what we said to him , but he did n't have the control of his body to sign back . We knew he was capable of so much more , but he was treated like a toddler at the special school he attended . Now , he explains how degrading and frustrating it was being talked to like a deaf toddler . He felt his brain was shutting down there , but I did n't know any of this because he had no way of telling me .
It was when he got to seven that I made a big decision . I could see the school was n't going to progress beyond music and play , so I talked to a teacher who suggested I try teaching Jonathan to read at home . We took him out of school for a few hours a day to teach him to read , write and do basic maths using his eyes . We set up a Perspex board with letters , words or numbers stuck on – I 'd point to a square , and he 'd move his eyes to signal what he wanted to use . But two weeks in , Jonathan seemed bored , so I made him a more complicated board with more vocabulary .
With only a few hours a day , Jonathan 's progress was astounding . I taught him to read and write over the next couple of years . Then , when he was nine , I was holding Jonathan so he could use his eyes to choose letters to write a story about a pirate and he spelled out ‘ myriad ' . I was gobsmacked . That was the point he found his own voice – he could finally ‘ talk ' to us , we 'd write down what he signalled with his eyes . I realised I could ask him anything . I can not describe what it 's like to be able to talk to your child for the first time .
It was the most amazing thing , we all gathered round desperate to ask him questions and find out what he thought . The things he was telling us about were mind-blowing , and the character we already knew was in there blossomed . It 's wonderful to be able to write it all down and to have a conversation with someone you love so much and in many ways know so well . But also we were surprised by what we already knew about Jonathan . I said , ‘ What 's your favourite ice-cream flavour ? ' As he spelled out chocolate I realised I already knew that !
( Image : Getty )
Now Jonathan was able to go to primary school and within two years he 'd caught up with his classmates . He has told me his talent for poetry and writing comes from spending the first seven years of his life watching , listening and being read to when he could n't communicate .
I do n't think he was unhappy before , but he 's more fulfilled now . He reads lots of books , and began a blog , using the same perspex board to tell me what to write .
In the summer of 2016 , he started his campaign Teach Us Too , for all children to be taught to read and write regardless of their labels or disabilities . Because of this , Jonathan has been to the House Of Lords and met a lot of famous people . Prince Harry whispered a secret to him – he wo n't even tell me what he said .
Jonathan gets tired , but he never says no to things . Of course our life is busy , as any parent with a special needs child will tell you , there are no days off . You get on with it .
When he was born we were told his life expectancy was short . He could get an infection and be gone within six hours , but you ca n't spend your time worrying . Every day is a gift . Jonathan is a gift .
I 'm so proud of him . We 're constantly amazed by what he can do . All you want for your kids is that they find their calling in life and are comfortable in their own skin , and now he 's got both .
Jonathan in his own words…
How would you describe yourself , Jonathan ?
Content . I can now live life in all its fullness .
How does it feel to be able to communicate ?
Before I was like a bird in a cage , but now I am free to fly like a bird in the open air .
How did you cope with the frustration of having words you could n't speak ?
I could n't teach myself , so I amused myself by disappearing into my imagination , I watched people and I prayed .
What else do you want to achieve with your campaign ?
My ambition is that Teach Us Too influences teachers , policymakers and the general public to realise a profound physical disability does not necessarily mean a profound learning disability . We now have 225,000 signatures , and when I took it to the House Of Lords and met the minister in charge of special education , Edward Timpson , I told him : ‘ I come as the voice for the voiceless . '
Go to Eyecantalk.net for more information
To see more on Jonathan , watch My Life : Locked In Boy on Monday 5 February , 5.30pm , CBBC
President Donald Trump speaks before signing a National Manufacturing Day Proclamation in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington , Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 . Carolyn Kaster AP Photo
SOMEWHERE up in the celestial heavens , a sage man from Staincross would have nodded his head in approval .
On a day when Barnsley remembered their very finest – at the end of a vintage life in a vintage year – it was somewhat fitting that ‘ Rimmo 's Reds ' passed muster and displayed their redoubtable credentials amid adversity in exemplary fashion .
Marc Roberts was sent off as Barnsley drew 2-2 with Birmingham ( Picture : Jonathan Gawthorpe ) .
Norman Rimmington , who died last week , would have enjoyed that .
Having seen a two-goal lead slip , with the added blow of also seeing a pit prop of a centre-half dismissed early in the second half , Barnsley were firmly up against it and faced with an exhaustive shift at the Championship coalface .
But given the riveting events of 2016 and their seemingly endless capacity to enthral , only a fool would have written them off .
The Reds let down no one and the only thing missing on the day was a famous winner . Although it was not for the want of trying on a day when Oakwell celebrated the life of ‘ Rimmo ' – a life less ordinary .
Young defender James Bree said : “ We all worked hard and did n't leave anything on the field and that was always something he wanted us to do – work our socks off , and we did that for him .
“ Norman was a quality guy and used to say , ‘ well done , you have played well ' . But he always told you the truth on how you played , did n't he ? We will all miss him .
“ A few of the lads were quite close to him and spent quite a bit of time with him . He was always sat in the kit room and told a few stories to the lads .
“ Sam ( Winnall ) was one who spoke to him quite a lot and we will all remember him . ”
The club anthem of opponents Birmingham may have been Keep Right On To The End Of The Road , but on the day , that song title was more appropriate to Barnsley , who dug deep to chisel out a richly-deserved point to extend their solid sequence – they have been beaten just twice in their past 10 outings .
No victory , but still an apt way to finish a magical 12 months . 2016 for Barnsley Football Club , to quote Frank Sinatra , was a very good year .
Half-an-hour in and it had all the makings of a straightforward and comfortable afternoon and another noteworthy chapter in the Reds ' stirring journey .
Quickfire goals from Tom Bradshaw and Winnall looked like piling on more woe for Blues boss Gianfranco Zola – with a brief chorus of ‘ There 's only one Gary Rowett ' emanating from the visitors ' end hinting at a sense of disquiet .
But Jacques Maghoma 's 33rd-minute strike gave the visitors hope before Marc Roberts 's dismissal in the 51st minute for bringing down Che Adams as he bore down on goal preceded an emphatic penalty from interval substitute Lukas Jutkiewicz to firmly change the complexion of the game .
Much of the earlier first-half evidence showcased two well-matched sides where it was easy to see why they resided next to each other in the Championship table .
But the opening gambit came from Barnsley , with a surging run from Marley Watkins – one of the quiet stars of the club 's accomplished first half of the season – ending in him picking out Bradshaw , who coolly fired low past Tomasz Kuszczak on 24 minutes for an excellent opener .
Blues blinked again just before the half-hour , in a moment which offered a rewind to Barnsley 's recent away success at St Andrews .
Atrocious defending afforded Winnall a free header from Conor Hourihane 's inswinging corner , with the Reds ' top-scorer not about to pass up a free gift , heading home clinically to follow up his two goals from set-pieces in the 3-0 victory in Birmingham exactly four weeks earlier . It was his fourth goal in three matches and sixth in December .
But Maghoma 's low strike soon after , following Adams 's assist , made it a contest once more and Jutkiewicz 's arrival early in the second period , allied to Roberts 's red card , seemingly pointed to only one thing – a fourth successive Blues ' victory at Oakwell .
In the event , it was 10-man Barnsley who went closest to a winner .
Winnall saw a header spectacularly tipped over by Kuszczak and then planted another wide following Josh Scowen 's fine centre – on an afternoon when the Midlander could easily have taken home the match-ball .
Blues had their moments , too , with Jonathan Spector spurning a presentable chance before substitute David Cotterill saw his well-flighted free-kick drift inches wide .
A couple of scares were also afforded Paul Heckingbottom 's side deep into the second half .
But the Reds held firm . No 29th win of 2016 , but another performance of character and substance .
‘ Rimmo ' would have been proud .
A Yorkshire MP has urged Education ministers to take action to prevent academies from “ pushing ” challenging pupils onto neighbouring council-run schools .
According to the Sheffield Heeley MP Louise Haigh , one primary school in her constituency has had to take on 20 new pupils because they were excluded , or at risk of exclusion , from a nearby academy .
Her comments come amid ongoing concerns about revelations surrounding the collapse of the Wakefield City Academies Trust ( WCAT ) . This includes question marks over millions of pounds of funding that was reportedly removed from school accounts by the trust without their consent .
Addressing Education Secretary Justine Greening in the Commons , Ms Haigh today raised the example of a local-authority maintained primary school in her constituency “ [ that ] has received over 20 pupils in-year from a local academy because of permanent exclusion or pushing out at risk of permanent exclusion ” .
She asked Ms Greening what more her department can do “ to disincentivise academies from excluding pupils and pushing them on to maintained primaries ” .
In her response , Ms Greening pointed to a new Department for Education review of school exclusions that she claimed will “ make sure the whole process around how a child is permanently excluded is properly delivered ” . She went on to stress that changes being introduced under the new school funding formula will provide more support for schools to “ deal with the issue of students coming into schools in-year ” .
Ministers were also pressed for further details on their handling of the WCAT scandal . Shipley MP Philip Davies , who has previously raised concerns about High Crags school in his constituency , asked what was being done to ensure that millions of pounds “ snaffled ” by the trust before it collapsed will be returned to the school .
Education Minister Nick Gibb repeated assurances that no academy trust “ will be able to retain any reserves it had at the point of dissolution ” . He added that the Government is working with all the affected schools to determine appropriate support “ and proper funding ” .
We are sorry , but you can not access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber . Click here to subscribe , or contact us at Pajhwok for more information .
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
V-Day Gwangju to support women 's center
V-Day Gwangju will run performances of Eve Ensler 's “ The Vagina Monologues ” on April 29 and 30 in aid of a local women 's shelter .
The event is part of the international V-Day movement , which involves performances of the play to campaign against violence toward women and girls .
Guests are invited to come early , as drinks and snacks will be available , as well as a special photo booth .
The performances run at 3 p.m. and 7 p.m. on April 29 and 3 p.m. on April 30 at Gungdong Art Theater on Art Street in downtown Gwangju . For reservations and more information , visit www.facebook.com/vdaygwangju .
Proceeds will go to My House ( myhouse.or.kr ) , a center for single mothers and their children .
( paulkerry @ heraldcorp.com )
AS new Bradford City signing Stephen Warnock cast his eye around a despondent Valley Parade at the final whistle last weekend , the veteran defender could have been forgiven for wondering if this was the same place he had last visited in 2014 .
Back then , the Bantams ' home had been rocking , as Leeds United were dumped out of the League Cup in the most dramatic of fashions .
Late goals from Billy Knott and James Hanson had been enough to seal a first home win over their neighbours in almost 30 years , leaving the City fans in elated mood as Warnock and the rest of his Leeds team-mates slunk away into the night .
Those joyous scenes could not have been more contrasting with a week ago and the 36-year-old 's first game back at Bradford on loan from Burton Albion . He had been an unused substitute for the visit of AFC Wimbledon so had a ringside seat to a 4-0 defeat so desperately poor it prompted the match-day DJ to play , ‘ Road to Nowhere ' over the PA system as the teams left the field .
A week on , however , and Warnock is adamant that Valley Parade will soon rediscover its mojo courtesy of an upturn in form – starting with today 's trip to Oldham Athletic .
“ I did play that night , ” said Warnock with a grimace when asked by The Yorkshire Post about City 's 2-1 derby win over Leeds in what proved to be Dave Hockaday 's final game in charge . “ The atmosphere was electric .
“ I had obviously played there a few times when on loan ( with City in 2002 ) but that night was incredible . It was my first time back at Bradford since I had been here all those years earlier .
“ When the draw was made , I was pleased to have the chance to go back . But , on the night it was n't so good and that is what stands out .
“ We were 1-0 in front , even after having a man sent off ( Luke Murphy ) early on . But there was then a late comeback and it was a tough night for everyone at Leeds .
“ But what it did prove to me was just how passionate Valley Parade can be . It was an incredible noise . That is what can happen here when things are on a roll . ”
After five straight defeats in league and cup , the only thing rolling for Bradford in January was their season downhill . Now , though , there is a clear intention to put a rotten start to 2018 behind the club and move forward .
Warnock was one of four new faces that arrived in the window , while Tony McMahon and Colin Doyle , two mainstays of the side that reached last season 's League One play-off final , are back in the squad today following spells out injured .
“ January has n't been a great month but I have n't detected anyone feeling down , ” added the defender , whose professional debut came in Bantams colours on loan from Liverpool when Nicky Law was manager . “ Things have been upbeat , which comes from the manager 's lead . ”
Warnock 's opportunities at Burton had been limited since Nigel Clough switched to a formation that requires two wing-backs either side of a central midfield duo . His last appearance in a Brewers shirt was not a happy one , as Sheffield United triumphed 3-1 at the Pirelli Stadium in mid-November .
Earlier in the season , however , Warnock had impressed in a back four – particularly in battling goalless draws on the road at Queens Park Rangers and Norwich City .
He also arrived at Valley Parade with the pedigree of having helped Wigan Athletic to promotion at the end of his last stint in League One , when on loan from Derby County .
“ I want to help the team get promoted , ” added Warnock . “ People might ask about dropping down a division but I am just happy to sign and am eager to do my bit for Bradford City . I did the same when joining Wigan a couple of years ago and that worked out well .
“ Plus , do n't forget I am coming to a club with 20,000 fans and pushing for promotion . This is a good club and one that was good to me when I was here the first time , even though the set-up was very different . We trained on the main pitch ( at Apperley Bridge ) and then travelled to Valley Parade and back in cars to change .
“ I had been at Liverpool as a kid so how Bradford did it was n't what I was used to . Now , though , the training facilities are great and the players all looked after very well . It has been a good week , with confidence slowly coming back on the training field . Now , we need to put our bad run right at Oldham and then go from there . ”
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
There are some nights you ca n't be bothered cooking .
Just the thought of the pots , the pans and the washing up can freak you out - especially if it 's the weekend .
The idea of putting your feet up and having food delivered to you sounds almost too good . Maybe it 's time to splash out a little ?
Well , one-big spending Scouser took full advantage of the Deliveroo app last weekend , spending a whopping £1,522 on a takeaway from the Vincent last weekend , report the Liverpool Echo .
You could have got a lot of kebabs for that money .
With apps like Deliveroo , you do n't even need to speak to another human being to order your grub .
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : PA )
The Exchange Flags eatery , co-owned by Liverpool FC legend Steven Gerrard , received the order consisting of an array of sushi dishes , fillet steak platters and three bottles of vintage champagne - which is sold at an eye-watering £400 per bottle .
It is thought the food and drink spending spree could be Liverpool 's most expensive takeaway order ever .
This is what they had for dinner :
( Image : Facebook )
2 large sashimi sharing platers - £68 ( £34 each )
1 Vincent ‘ tempura ' sushi special costing £8
4 8oz premium fillet steaks - £118 ( £29.50 each )
( Image : Facebook )
2 sides of buttered spinach - £14 ( £7 each )
2 sides of honey glazed carrots - £14 ( £7 each )
2 side of battered onion rings - £14 ( £7 each )
( Image : Facebook )
This was the dessert
2 cheeseboards - £40 ( £20 each )
2 caramel , marshmallow and chocolate dessert platters - £46 ( £23 each )
And of course the obligatory ...
( Image : Facebook )
3 bottles of vintage French Krug champagne - £1,200 ( £400 per bottle )
Speaking about the bumper order , a source at The Vincent told the ECHO : “ We 've had some pretty expensive nights out in the Vincent but this has got to be the biggest takeaway order ever placed . Someone was really pushing the boat out . ''
Steven Spielberg stood outside the main theatre on the Paramount Studios lot last week , waiting for the première of a documentary that had already put him through an emotional wringer .
What had initially unnerved the Oscar-winning director was the subject of the documentary : Steven Spielberg .
The film , simply titled `` Spielberg '' and premièring Oct. 7 on HBO , is the most extensive and insightful examination to date of the filmmaker , who is at once the most popular and successful in movie history , and one of the most private and elusive creators in Hollywood .
Said the 70-year-old Spielberg , `` I knew in watching the film , I would have to face myself . I had a couple of nice cries . But I was very pleased . If I had to do it all over again , I would do it with Susan . ''
`` Susan '' is Susan Lacy , the creator of the groundbreaking `` American Masters '' series on PBS , which centred on revelatory profiles of several prominent artists and musicians , including Paul Simon , Joni Mitchell and the late Mike Nichols . Lacy left PBS four years ago after signing a multiyear deal with HBO to produce and direct documentaries . `` Spielberg '' is her first project for the pay-cable network .
The 2 ½-hour film utilizes generous clips from blockbusters ( `` Jaws , '' `` Close Encounters of the Third Kind '' , `` E.T . the Extra-Terrestrial '' ) , more serious endeavours ( the Oscar-winning `` Schindler 's List , '' `` Saving Private Ryan '' ) , films that stoked controversy ( `` The Color Purple '' ) and even misfires ( `` 1941 '' ) .
The filmography traces the evolution of the artist who first fell in love with movies as a young boy and later blossomed into a master craftsman and storyteller whose phenomenal financial and commercial success changed the face of the film industry .
The film illustrates how Spielberg 's personal turmoils and triumphs have emerged as themes in his work . His unconventional upbringing — which included being bullied as a child and the divorce of his parents leading to bitter estrangement from his father — and his long-standing denial of his Jewish heritage followed by an overwhelming embrace ; his divorce from his first wife , actress Amy Irving ; and his bliss with second wife , actress Kate Capshaw , and their large multicultural family are all factors that come into play in `` Spielberg '' the film and Spielberg the filmmaker . Also prominent are home movies of Spielberg at work and at play , many of which have never been seen .
Weighing in with testimonials and anecdotes are members of Hollywood 's elite — directors Scorsese , George Lucas , Brian De Palma and Francis Ford Coppola , as well as Tom Hanks , Holly Hunter , Leonardo DiCaprio , Liam Neeson , Dustin Hoffman , Oprah Winfrey and Christian Bale , who made his film debut as a 13-year-old in Spielberg 's `` Empire of the Sun . ''
Lacy characterized `` Spielberg '' as `` the most challenging film I 've done . Steven is a living legend , and he is still with us . And to do a film about the most famous and successful director in the world is itself a challenge . I chose not to think about that too much . If I had , I do n't think I would have been able to make the film . ''
Motorists are being warned to avoid some roads near Brighouse because of a major fire .
Fire crews from across West Yorkshire are currently battling a major fire in Brighouse .
Highways England said : `` # M62 J25 # Brighouse Exits . The A644 is CLOSED towards Brighouse . It is possible to get to Huddersfield as normal . Please use alternative route if you wish to head westerly from the motorway . ''
The alarm was raised at about 2.15pm and twelve fire engines are currently at the scene , in Sherwood Road , where large plumes of smoke are billowing .
The West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service has advised people in the area to keep their doors and windows closed .
It has not yet released any further details but it is understood the building on fire is a factory .
NATIONAL
Victor Cha ( A screengrab from Center for Strategic and International Studies Website )
The Donald Trump administration has nominated former White House official and Washington-based academic Victor Cha as the next US ambassador to South Korea and asked for Seoul 's approval , US sources said Sunday.According to sources in Washington , the request was recently delivered to the South Korean government in the form of an “ agrement , ” a formal request sent to the receiving state from the sending state before dispatching a diplomatic representative . The decision was made after an extensive vetting process , it added.The overall process is expected to move swiftly in a bid to fill the post which has been left vacant since US President Donald Trump took office in January . The nominee 's appointment will be subjected to a US Senate confirmation hearing soon , which may allow Cha to take office before the PyeongChang Olympics here in February.If named , Cha will succeed Mark Lippert , who served in Seoul under the Obama administration. “ We are working closely ( with the US government ) to enable ( Cha ) to take office early , ” an official at South Korea 's Foreign Ministry said. “ We can not confirm whether the agreement has been sent and any relevant procedures at this stage. ” Cha is a former director for Asian affairs on the White House National Security Council and served as deputy head of the US delegation in multilateral talks with North Korea over its nuclear program during the administration of President George W. Bush.He now serves the Korea chair at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington.If Cha is appointed , he is slated to become the second Korean-American to take the post after Ambassador Sung Kim . He has been widely seen as a strong candidate since August.The news of Cha 's nomination comes amid escalating tensions on the Korean Peninsula following North Korea 's missile launch on Nov. 29 . The rogue nation claimed it was a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile while experts said it could put the US mainland within its target range.It also comes mere days ahead of President Moon Jae-in 's scheduled summit with his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping in Beijing.Cha is a supporter of a policy of “ hawkish engagement ” against North Korea , also referred to as “ containment-plus-engagement. ” It calls for strong US engagement in North Korean issues and negotiation which can benefit both sides , but also justifies a more aggressive approach if the other side breaks their terms.Cha has highlighted China 's relationship with the North as a core factor that could influence Pyongyang 's fast-developing weapons program.In an opinion piece published in the Washington Post last July , Cha said China must play a key role in the international community 's approach toward North Korea. “ We should tell China that it has to pay to play . The basic trade would be Chinese disbursements to Pyongyang , as well as security assurances , in return for constraints on North Korea 's program . China would be paying not just for North Korean coal , but for North Korean compliance , ” it said.He is also against a “ freeze-for-freeze ” offer proposed by China which asks the US to halt its regular military exercises , in return for a North Korean nuclear freeze.At a conference held earlier this year in Seoul , Cha said the Donald Trump administration must not rely solely on sanctions and diplomatic isolation in dealing with the North , noting that Pyongyang 's nuclear program is no longer “ small. ” “ With regard to diplomacy , no US policy should be composed of only sanctions , military exercises and diplomatic isolation , ” he said. “ The portfolio of pressure and diplomacy in the administration of the past 25 years has been ineffective. ” By Jung Min-kyung ( mkjung @ heraldcorp.com )
Ukraine Intelligence Agents Say They Staged Killing Of Russian Journalist , Who Is Alive
Ukraine intelligence agents say they staged the apparent murder of a Russian journalist in Kiev in an attempt to trap a real assassin .
AUDIE CORNISH , HOST :
The reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated . The popular misquote of Mark Twain seems appropriate for our next story . Those are words Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko could have used today . NPR 's Lucian Kim reports on how the journalist 's supposed murder has once again pitted Ukraine against its Russian neighbor .
LUCIAN KIM , BYLINE : The news broke late Tuesday evening in Kiev . Arkady Babchenko , a Russian journalist and vocal critic of the Kremlin , had been shot dead at his apartment in the Ukrainian capital .
( SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING )
UNIDENTIFIED PERSON : ( Foreign language spoken ) .
KIM : The TV news report sounded horrible . Babchenko , who had fled Russia after being threatened by Russian lawmakers , had been murdered in cold blood after returning home after buying a loaf of bread . Ukraine Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman pinned responsibility for the murder on what he called the Russian totalitarian machine , and colleagues poured out their emotions at interviews and on social media .
( SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING )
YEVGENIA ALBATS : ( Foreign language spoken ) .
KIM : Yevgenia Albats , one of Babchenko 's former editors , told a Moscow radio station that now every Russian journalist was in mortal danger . A familiar blame game began , with the Kremlin saying the Ukrainians had barely begun their investigation but were already pointing the finger at Moscow .
( SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING )
SERGEY LAVROV : ( Foreign language spoken ) .
KIM : Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov called Babchenko 's death a tragedy . He said accusations against Russia were groundless , just like the claims that Russia had poisoned a former Russian double agent in England or had been involved in the downing of a Malaysian passenger plane over eastern Ukraine . Dmitry Peskov , Putin 's spokesman , accused the Ukrainians of the height of cynicism . And Russian investigators even offered their services to their Ukrainian colleagues , since Babchenko was a Russian citizen .
In fact , the Ukrainian authorities do n't exactly have a great record in clearing up contract killings . Two years ago , Russian journalist Pavel Sheremet died in a car bombing on a Kiev street , and the case still has n't been solved . This time , however , the Ukraine police produced a sketch of Babchenko 's killer in no time . And the SBU , Ukraine 's security agency , scheduled a press conference on the murder for Wednesday . Journalists who showed up were stunned when SBU Chief Vasyl Hrytsak suddenly introduced a supposed victim , Arkady Babchenko , alive and unhurt .
Babchenko 's murder had been faked , Hrytsak said , to uncover an actual plot against him by Russian intelligence . Babchenko said the sting operation was so secret that not even his own wife knew about it .
( SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING )
ARKADY BABCHENKO : ( Foreign language spoken ) .
KIM : Babchenko apologized to his wife , Olga , for the hell he had put her through but said he did n't have an option . Reaction to the news has been mixed . Some of Babchenko 's colleagues said they were relieved he was alive but concerned that he had damaged the credibility of their profession . Reporters Without Borders expressed its deepest indignation with the Ukrainian Security Service for using a journalist to play with the facts . Lucian Kim , NPR News , Moscow .
Copyright © 2018 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
BUSINESS
South Korea 's exports of automobiles fell last month compared to a year earlier due to sluggish sales of compact and midsize vehicles , government data showed Tuesday .
The number of vehicles sold abroad stood at 237,083 units in November , down 8 percent compared with a year ago , according to the data compiled by the Ministry of Trade , Industry and Energy .
( Yonhap )
However , the total value of vehicles shipped overseas rose 3.4 percent on-year to $ 4.07 billion , as large sedans and sports utility vehicles boosted the overall sales price.A total of 382,034 cars were produced last month , an 8 percent fall from a year earlier , due to a high base effect and shorter working days caused by Hyundai Motor 's union staging a strike in late November.Auto sales in North America and Asia dropped 11.2 percent and 28.5 percent , respectively , while sales gained 3.5 percent in Europe and 11.1 percent in Latin America compared with a year ago.Domestic sales , including imported cars , edged down 1.2 percent on-year to 166,330 units due to tepid performance of compact and midsize cars.Hyundai Motor Co. saw its sales advance 12.8 percent on-year in November , led by large sedans and new models , while Kia Motors Corp. , GM Korea Co , SsangYong Co. and Renault Samsung Motors all grappled with sluggish sales caused by tougher competition in the local and foreign markets . ( Yonhap )
It 's been a busy Tuesday morning for the White House . During an event welcoming French President Emmanuel Macron and French first lady Brigitte Macron , President Donald Trump awkwardly held his wife Melania 's hand — or at least tried to .
Anti-gun violence advocate and founder of Moms Demand , Shannon Watts , retweeted a clip that shows the strange moment between Trump and Melania . It was originally recorded by MSNBC News on Tuesday . While the video shared is only 13 seconds long , it would n't be too far off to say that the amount of awkwardness in it could last for ages .
Initially , Trump can be seen sticking his index finger out to presumably get Melania to hold his hand . The first lady does n't react . Then he pokes the first lady 's hand with his pinky , again , in vain . Eventually , Trump holds Melania 's hand and she seems to finally relent .
Social media users on Twitter dissected the video and gave their own takes on just what was going on during that moment . But the awkwardness was n't limited to the hand-holding episode . Watts shared another video clip of Trump giving Melania air kisses under her large white hat , which also garnered media attention and whose designer was identified as Hervé Pierre by CNN .
This wo n't be the first time that Trump 's attempt to hold Melania 's hand was met with a stiff and cold shoulder from the first lady . Last year in May , during an official trip to Israel , a similar scene unfolded on the Israeli tarmac as Trump and Melania stepped out of Air Force One . In various videos shared online , Trump can be seen extending his left hand to hold Melania 's right hand but the first lady swats it away .
It may be hard to believe that the first lady said she was thrilled to be in Israel when you look at her hand-swat gesture , but according to a statement given in May , Melania said visiting the country was an `` opportunity to support my husband as he works on important matters of national security and foreign relations '' as well as `` speak with women and children from different countries , with different perspectives . ''
Here 's a clip from BuzzFeed to jog your memory .
Observers said they noted similar hand-swatting from Melania earlier this year . In February , social media users noted that Melania pulled away from Trump 's hand-holding as the couple were headed to their plane . One Twitter user shared a theory about why Melania frequently drapes a coat over her shoulders . It 's because `` it makes it impossible for [ Donald Trump ] to hold her hand . ''
More to come ...
MONTREAL — The Montreal Canadiens signed undrafted forward Alexandre Alain to a three-year entry-level contract on Tuesday .
The 21-year-old Alain , a right-hand shot centre , was third in Quebec Major Junior Hockey League scoring this season with 44 goals and 87 points for the Blainville-Boisbriand Armada .
The six-foot-one 185-pound Alain attended the Canadiens rookie camp in September but was returned to the Armada .
By The Canadian Press
Shaking up the first unit , the Boston Celtics will start Jayson Tatum in a skilled , athletic and versatile lineup Friday night .
Head coach Brad Stevens told reporters he will insert Tatum , the No . 3 overall pick , for center Aron Baynes . Boston 's other four starters against the Philadelphia 76ers will remain the same as they were in the preseason opener earlier this week : Kyrie Irving , Jaylen Brown , Gordon Hayward and Al Horford .
Initial reaction to the new starters : So much youth ! So much athleticism ! So much skill ! The Celtics will be able to switch almost everything . They 'll have a number of guys who can make plays off the bounce . They 'll sacrifice some rebounding and interior defense without Baynes , but I do n't envy the defenders trying to limit that group 's dribble penetration .
Stevens has a lot to figure out about his team . Starting Tatum might be a bit of an experiment , but it 's a fun one .
Fultz out
The Tatum-Markelle Fultz showdown will need to wait .
Friday night 's preseason meeting between the Boston Celtics and Philadelphia 76ers could have marked the first matchup , excluding summer league , between the top-three picks . But the 76ers announced Fultz will miss the game due to right shoulder soreness that kept him out of Thursday 's practice . The guard score four points on 2-for-13 shooting in his preseason debut .
Those who desperately wanted to see Tatum and Fultz on the same court can take solace in the fact that the Celtics and 76ers will see each other again Monday . In the meantime , fans can pay attention to other intriguing things such as Kyrie Irving 's adjustment to a new system , Ben Simmons ' striking court vision , and the Celtics ' overall comfort level after massive offseason changes .
Boston will be without Marcus Morris , who 's still getting his legs underneath him after missing the first week and a half of camp . The 76ers will also be missing Joel Embiid and Dario Saric , which is a bummer for anyone wanting a glimpse of the team 's young core . But , again , Ben Simmons !
`` They showed a lot of character and will and desire , and we bounced back after a disappointing result . ''
The Whitecaps ( 15-10-6 ) have the third-best road record in all of MLS at 6-7-2 , and also picked up a 1-1 draw against the Red Bulls ( 12-12-7 ) in Harrison , N.J. , in the first leg of their CONCACAF Champions league quarter-finals back in February before the regular season .
`` At the end of last year we had a little character check , '' said Vancouver defender Tim Parker . `` We wanted to toughen up and make sure that we were going to be a tough team to play against . ''
The Whitecaps went down to 10 men that night — both clubs ' first competitive match of 2017 — with goalkeeper David Ousted saving a Sacha Kljestan penalty in the second half before beating the Red Bulls 2-0 in the return fixture at B.C . Place Stadium .
Apart from that Champions League success , Vancouver is 3-1-3 all-time against New York in MLS , with a 2-0-1 record at Red Bull Arena .
`` This team has confidence , '' said Ousted , who also stopped a pair Bradley Wright-Phillips penalties as part of a 2-1 victory in Harrison two years ago . `` We 've played a lot of good away games and believe we can get three points there . ''
To do that , the Whitecaps will have to manage without some key players away on international duty , with midfielder Yordy Reyna ( Peru ) , defender Kendall Waston ( Costa Rica ) , midfielder Christian Bolanos ( Costa Rica ) and goalkeeper Stefan Marinovic ( New Zealand ) , who made seven saves last week against K.C. , all set to miss out .
New York , which sits sixth in the East , can confirm its place in the playoffs with a victory Saturday , a result that would also eliminate the Montreal Impact from post-season contention .
`` We know when they 're at home they 're very aggressive , '' said Ousted . `` We 'll try to weather the storm at certain times , and also hit them on the counter . ''
Notes : Vancouver midfielder Cristian Techera is available after returning to Uruguay for the birth of his third child last week . ... Robinson said Nigerian midfielder Nosa Igiebor , who signed last month , could see his first action .
-- -
Follow @ JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton , The Canadian Press
‘ They Had to Know She Was Radioactive '
Mike Allen : “ Here 's a twist that has top GOP sources buzzing : On Jan. 26 , Sally Yates , then the acting attorney general , tells the White House that national security adviser Mike Flynn — who has just been grilled by FBI agents — had , in fact , discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador during the transition , despite denying it , and therefore is vulnerable to Russian blackmail . ”
“ Four days later , on Jan. 30 , Trump fires Yates , citing her unwillingness to enforce his border order . ”
“ Two weeks after her heads-up to the White House , the Flynn secret explodes . ”
Said one insider : “ They had to know she was radioactive , and that there would be consequences . It was either reckless , or totally incompetence . It leads back to the fact that nobody is in charge . ”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Former Bristol City midfielder Lee Tomlin has signed for Nottingham Forest on-loan from Cardiff City
The 29-year-old left Ashton Gate in the summer for South Wales in a £1.5 million-pound move .
Tomlin failed to live up to his billing during his time at BS3 and struggled for fitness during his year spell at the club .
The attacking midfielder will be united with former Middlesbrough boss Aitor Karanka at the City Ground with Jamie Ward heading in the opposite direction .
Many Bristol fans were disgruntled with the way Tomlin went about his business while at the club , and his move to rivals Cardiff City only fuelled the fire further .
Despite being Cardiff 's most expensive signing , he failed to find a regular place in Warnock 's first team and scored just the one goal in Cardiff colours .
Here is what the Bristol and Cardiff fans had to save about the move :
@ CardiffCityCCFC “ I 'm not saying keep Lee Tomlin because he 's clearly not fit enough , but we 've known since the start of the window that we need more creativity from midfield so to swap our only number 10 for an out of favour winger from Forest on deadline day makes little sense to me . ”
@ DomBooth19 “ In my opinion , swapping Lee Tomlin for 31-year-old Forest striker Jamie Ward would be the single worst piece of business on # DeadlineDay from any club . Just my opinion though . ”
@ lee_spear92 “ Why are you breaking my heart City : ( gutted . ”
@ philbowden “ Ahhh just seen who Forest Manager is , last man to get the best out of him on a regular basis , all makes sense really . ”
@ cotswald_robin “ What a waste . He is what he is and that will never change . It 's just very unfortunate he crossed our path . ”
Tomlin is understood to have been desperate for more playing time , having regularly been used as a substitute by Warnock .
The Englishman is one of six deadline day signings made by Karanka and Warnock believes the move will give him the game time he needs .
“ I think Lee [ Tomlin ] needs a run of games and he has more chance of that at Nottingham Forest . The manager knows him , and he 's played well under him in the past .
`` We 'd like to wish him well while at the City Ground . ”
Chelsea transfer rumour : The Blues launch £60 million bid for Virgil van Dijk
Antonio Conte is keen on strengthening Chelsea 's defence and has set sights on Virgil Van Dijk
@ falsewinger by Sripad News 02 Jan 2017 , 10:46 IST
Interest in Virgil van Dijk increases
What 's the story ?
Chelsea has a launched a £60 million bid to sign Southampton defender , Virgil Van Dijk . Daily Express claim that the Blues are going 'all out ' in order to secure the signing of the Dutch international as interest in the defender mounts .
Antonio Conte wants to sign a defender in January to replace the outgoing John Terry and Branislav Ivanovic . The Chelsea duo have their contracts expiring in the summer and Conte wants to replace them this month itself .
In case you did n't know ...
Chelsea have been on a roll in the Premier League winning their last 13 matches on a trot . But their manager is said to be on the lookout to strengthen their defence even more .
The Blues have conceded just 3 goals in their last 13 matches after having conceded 10 in their first 6 matches . Conte changed the formation from 4-2-4 to a 3-4-3 after their humiliating defeat at Emirates and since then , they have not lost a single game in the league .
David Luiz , Gary Cahill and Cesar Azpilicueta have been doing a tremendous job at the heart of the defence while Moses and Alonso have been running the show on the wings but Conte wants to add more competition as he only has John Terry , Branislav Ivanovic and Kurt Zouma to replace the starting trio .
The heart of the matter
Van Dijk is having a great season at Southampton and has caught the eye of several managers around the United Kingdom and Europe . The Saints captain has been awarded 'Man of the Match ' in 4 matches this season including their hard fought draw at Manchester City .
Manchester United , Manchester City and Liverpool have also been linked with the Dutch defender but Chelsea are reportedly the only club to have made a move for him . Southampton is reluctant to sell their star player once again but the £60 million bid might be hard for them to turn down .
Southampton manager , Claude Puel has also made it clear that Van Dijk is a ‘ very important ' player for The Saints and he wants him to remain at the club . “ Van Dijk is a very important player for us and he will stay here . It 's important for him to continue his work. ” said the Southampton manager .
What next ?
Chelsea 's £60 million bid is their highest ever for a player . If they manage to sign him , they will break their transfer record of £50 million - the fee they paid to lure Fernando Torres from Liverpool .
The Blues recently sold Oscar to Chinese Super League side , Shanghai SIPG for £60 million and the board is ready to allow Conte to invest the money elsewhere straight away . The London side has also been linked with a move to sign James Rodriguez as a replacement for Oscar but recent reports suggest Conte 's top target in January is a defender .
Jose Mourinho and Pep Guardiola will not let Van Dijk join Chelsea easily and would put up a fight for him . The Manchester clubs have a lot of defensive problems and are looking for reinforcements . Eric Bailly is off to the AFCOn for Manchester United while Vincent Kompany 's injury is a big concern for Manchester City .
Sportskeeda 's Take
Van Dijk would be a brilliant addition to the Chelsea squad and would make them even more solid at the back . The question does arise as to who Conte would bench for the Dutchman .
Mourinho and Guardiola will do all they can to convince their respective boards to sign Van Dijk while Southampton would try and convince the defender to reject a move away and stay at the club .
If Van Dijk wants to develop into the best he can be , you 'd have to say Chelsea under Conte would be the place to go . — J ( @ JayDiddly ) December 23 , 2016
By CRISTINA JANNEY
Hays Post
Federal officials in mid-July decided to stop requiring Kansas to report the number of Medicaid applications waiting to be processed .
The list of those waiting to have their Medicaid enrollment forms processed has decreased .
The state has been sending reports to CMS since early 2016 when it reported more than 7,000 applications waiting more than 45 days for processing . The federal government requires Medicaid applications be processed within 45 days .
As of March , Kansas was determined to be a steady state , said Angela de Rocha , communications director and deputy commissioner of the Kansas Department of Aging and Disability Services . As of July , the state had 1,428 cases pending beyond 45 days . However , de Rocha said all of the these cases had been touched . Of those cases , 1,120 applications were waiting for further information from the applicants .
Although the state has made strides in reducing the number of people waiting for applications to be processed , some are concerned about continued long wait times and a lack of continued oversight .
The state 's Medicaid system was privatized in 2011 and is now known as KanCare , a system that was championed by Lt. Gov . Jeff Colyer .
Mary Shepker , officer manager at Good Samaritan in Hays , said she has had clients who have waited 90 to 100 days for their Medicaid applications to be processed .
Good Samaritan accepts nursing care patients while their Medicaid is pending .
However , not all centers are accepting patients without Medicaid approval , said Cindy Luxem , CEO and president of the Kansas Health Care Association and Kansas Center for Assisted Living .
Those who apply for Medicaid and are successful will have their bills paid back to the date they applied . However , assisted living clients receive benefits from the date they are approved .
“ What is happening now is there are people sitting in the hospital and sitting at home waiting to get their Medicaid eligibility because no one will take them because they do n't have a payer source , ” Luxem said .
Shepker said Good Samaritan helps clients fill out applications and send them into the KanCare clearinghouse . Sometimes they do n't hear anything . The family or the facility tries to call , but officials can be difficult to contact , she said . Often , officials say they need further information .
Shepker said she has encountered multiple cases in which she has repeatedly sent the same information to KanCare officials and the officials repeatedly say they have not received it .
Most recently , the agency has had difficulty with faxes . Shepker said local office staff have sent faxes as many as five times in a row , and the agencies continue to say they never received them .
“ Sometimes it has been 90 to 100 days before we hear anything from them , and that is with us hounding them day after day , ” she said .
De Rocha said people are no longer waiting these long periods to have their applications processed . The federal government requires very detailed information from individuals who will are applying for Medicaid to pay for nursing center care . She encouraged individuals to be very careful when filling out the paperwork as the applications ca n't be approved until all information is received .
“ People just ca n't expect their applications to process the next day , ” she said . “ There are too many applications in the system . ”
Some nursing home residents end up not qualifying for benefits because they have too many assets . This requires wha is known as a spend-down . Applicants are allowed to keep some assets such as their home , but are expected to divest themselves of most of their money and assets before they can qualify for Medicaid .
The state has developed a work group and pilot program to try to streamline the application process for those seeking Medicaid for long-term care .
“ It is going to take a lot of time and working cooperatively with nursing facilities and stakeholders to make this process better , ” she said .
Waiting for applications to be processed can be very stressful for family members and caretakers . Some of those caretakers are spouses who themselves are in their 80s .
Until a patient is approved for Medicaid , they are listed as private pay in the Good Samaritan system . This means the patient 's guardian is receiving bills for as much as $ 30,000 and $ 45,000 .
“ We have spouses who are nervous they are n't going to be able to pay $ 25,000 or $ 30,000 , and they are going to have to take their loved ones back home , ” Shepker said .
Luxem said one man was so distraught because he could n't secure a Medicaid renewal for his wife who was in nursing care he threatened suicide .
“ Do they even begin to understand the stress individuals are under when they are faced with the fact they do n't know where their loved one 's care is being paid for ? ” she said . “ We know a lot of elderly people that the most important thing to them is paying their bills . This man was being faced with not knowing how his wife was going to be cared for … It is pretty sad . ”
A backlog in Medicaid applications means nursing centers are lacking essential operating funds .
Luxem said at the height of the backlog , some nursing centers were waiting on millions in unpaid Medicaid bills .
The majority of nursing center residents at one time were private pay , but that makeup has been shifting , said Shepker , who has worked with Good Samaritan for 22 years .
Good Samaritan , as of mid-July , had 30 self-pay patients and 34 Medicaid patients . The 30 self-pay included those with Medicaid pending .
Residents are also entering nursing care with much more serious health concerns , which makes care more costly and labor intensive .
Shepker said Good Samaritan is a nonprofit and has been able to maintain its budget , despite the lag in Medicaid payments , but she worries about the future .
She said she was concerned the federal government will no longer be monitoring the backlog of Medicaid applications , adding she thought the backlog would become worse without oversight .
Shepker said she thought the problem with Medicaid administration has become worse since it has moved to managed care . When the community had a local office , this did not happen , she said .
“ I think Topeka needs organization , ” she said .
Rep . Troy Waymaster , R-Bunker Hill , said KanCare has been the most overwhelming issue he has dealt with since Medicaid was privatized .
He said the number of people waiting to have their applications processed has decreased , but the system still has room for improvement .
Waymaster has worked with many constituents to try to correct Medicaid issues and paperwork processing errors . Constituents have been denied based on a minor error in paperwork , he said .
However , he wonders about the people who do n't contact him or who give up when they are initially denied service .
“ This has been an overwhelming concern in forums , town halls and when I have been on TV . There are always questions in regards to KanCare or Medicaid , ” he said . “ If someone has had a problem with KanCare and ca n't get it resolved , I would hope they would reach out to me or their legislator so it can be addressed . We hope to make it better . ”
Waymaster said he also is concerned about the ability of nursing homes to absorb costs when Medicaid payments are delayed because of paperwork errors and processing lags .
“ It is very tough on nursing homes in western Kansas , ” he said . “ They may not be able to absorb three to four months ( of unpaid bills ) . ”
Rep. Eber Phelps , D-Hays , said he did not recall being contacted by constituents with concerns about Medicaid applications . However , he said he did continue support the expansion of Medicaid in the state .
He said he thought Medicaid expansion will likely return as an issue early in the next Legislative session , but he was unsure if further efforts to expand Medicaid will meet resistance from Colyer as he assumes the governor 's role . Gov . Sam Brownback has accepted a position as Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom and is anticipated to leave his post this fall .
Luxem said she is optimistic the managed care organizations will be able to maintain the gains they have in place without federal oversight .
“ We have worked very closely with not only the state people , but with the clearinghouse , which is where the Medicaid applications start their processing , to try to put some processes in place , ” she said . “ I am cautiously optimistic that they 're not going to want to go back to such rigorous reporting and they are going to make it work . ”
Find out about all the events taking place in your community this weekend
The weekend is once again upon us and it 's time for some fun .
Find out what 's happening in your community this weekend by following our Social Squad as they attend all the best events in the Okanagan and Shuswap .
If you see them out-and-about be sure to say ‘ hi ' and pose for a photo for all our Black Press social media accounts .
Watch the video below to see what is taking place this weekend .
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
HOUSTON — April 24 , 2018 — ExxonMobil has introduced AchieveTM advanced PP , featuring new products that offer a significant step beyond traditional PP performance . Built on technology innovations , these products allow customers to challenge reality . Now customers can rethink what is possible in a range of applications , including : automotive parts , rigid packaging , nonwovens , and appliances . The performance of Achieve advanced PP combined with value chain collaboration enables customers to unlock new business opportunities .
Achieve advanced PP eliminates trade-offs associated with conventional polymers . For example , improving the stiffness and toughness balance in automotive applications is possible ; in rigid packaging , stiffness and processing efficiency can now be increased together ; and , in appliance parts , high gloss can be attained economically .
“ Achieve advanced PP specifically addresses our customers ' desire for innovation and growth . Through collaboration and our combined expertise , these advanced PP solutions can unlock new business opportunities , ” said Cindy Shulman , ExxonMobil Vice President of Plastics and Resins . “ Our Achieve advanced PP launch further demonstrates our commitment to the industry , complementing our recently announced plans for a PP investment on the U.S. Gulf Coast . ”
Delivering extraordinarily tough automotive parts , this advanced PP is inspiring compounders and automakers to challenge reality . With 35 percent higher impact versus standard impact copolymers , Achieve advanced PP enables tougher , lighter vehicle components that are durable and safe . Plastomer loading can be reduced by up to 50 percent for cost saving opportunities .
Enabling remarkably rigid containers , cups and tubs for the retail and food service industry , Achieve advanced PP is encouraging manufacturers to challenge reality . Exploiting high melt strength , designers can deliver stiffer packaging and gain economic benefit from excellent processing . Opportunities exist to downgauge wall thickness by up to 15 percent and increase line speeds by 7 percent for higher output . Packaging made with Achieve advanced PP is microwaveable , reusable and is widely recyclable .
Achieve advanced PP sets the benchmark for tremendously comfortable nonwovens . It allows brand owners to challenge reality by providing outstanding barrier properties and up to 15 percent higher fabric strength that can be tailored to meet the needs of diapers , wipes , adult incontinence , and feminine care products .
Delivering amazingly eye-catching appliances , this widely recyclable advanced PP is ideal for upgrading standard impact copolymer solutions or replacing over-engineered ABS ( acrylonitrile butadiene styrene ) . Achieve advanced PP helps brand owners challenge reality because parts with 20 percent higher gloss than standard PP can now be economically produced .
“ Achieve advanced PP is motivating brand owners and manufacturers to rethink what is possible with PP , ” said Shulman . “ Using this advanced PP eliminates trade-offs in performance , processing and end-of-life handling . ”
Customers can use Achieve advanced PP to challenge reality and unlock new opportunities , while being supported by the ExxonMobil brand values of global reliability , product consistency and technical support that are critical for business growth .
Posted April 24 , 2018
Source : ExxonMobil Chemical
Mon 86°F 73°F FORECAST Partly cloudy skies with a 20 % chance of showers . WINDS East to southeast 5 to 10 knots . SEA STATE Slight with wave heights of 1 to 3 feet .
Tue 86°F 73°F FORECAST Mainly fair skies with a 20 % chance of showers . WINDS Southeast to south at 5 to 10 knots . SEA STATE Slight with wave heights of 1 to 3 feet .
Wed 86°F 73°F FORECAST Partly cloudy skies with a 20 % chance of late night showers . WINDS Southeast 5 to 10 knots during the day , becoming north to northeast 5 to 10 knots tonight . SEA STATE Slight with wave heights of 1 to 3 feet
Thu 83°F 73°F FORECAST Partly cloudy skies with a 30 % chance of showers . WINDS North to northeast 15 to 20 knots . SEA STATE Moderate to rough with wave heights of 4 to 6 feet . Small craft should exercise caution over open water today .
Fri 83°F 74°F FORECAST Partly cloudy skies with a 30 % chance of showers . WINDS East to northeast 10 to 15 knots with higher gusts . SEA STATE Moderate to rough with wave heights of 4 to 6 feet.Small craft should exercise caution over open waters .
Pipeline Defense specializes in spill response product sales and consultation . Its Pipe Absorbent Containment System ( PACS ) products offer spill prevention assurance and defense against potential leaks .
CONTACT : Donovan Weldon
Phone : ( 844 ) 770-WRAP [ 9727 ]
Email : dweldon @ pipelinedefense.com
Visit company page
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Planning a city break for your next adventure ? Then it 's time to ditch the car , dig out your comfiest shoes and go exploring on foot !
Nowadays , forget wasting hours stuck in traffic during rush hours or being unable to stop as you drive by a quirky shop or bar that catches your eye .
Cities are more pedestrian-friendly than ever , and there 's no better way to soak up the atmosphere by taking a leisurely stroll through the streets .
Booking.com has given us some major travel inspiration as the hotel gurus reveal the most walkable cities in the world , whether you 're looking to discover art in Florence or see the sights in New York .
We take a look at the best things to see and do in these ten glamorous cities - and where to stay to make the most of your time off ...
1.Munich
( Image : Moment RF )
Munich is renowned for its walking-friendly infrastructure , with plenty of pedestrianised streets to wander through , packed with Bavarian scenes at every turn , not to mention the ornate public buildings waiting to be discovered ( the Frauenkirche cathedral is particularly mesmerising ) .
For a really picturesque afternoon you 'll want to stop by the English Garden . One of Europe 's largest parks , it has everything from breathtaking lakes , historical tidbits , bustling beer gardens and even a Japanese teahouse !
Where to stay : The relexa hotel München is just 650 yards from home of Oktoberfest the Theresienwiese , not to mention it 's less than a ten-minute walk away from some of Munich 's most elegant shopping streets .
Rooms have soundproofed windows and flat screen TVs so you can really relax after a busy day of walking !
How much ? Prices start from £92 per night based on two adults sharing . Click here for booking information .
10 brilliant eco-friendly hotels from around the world in honour of Earth Day
2 . Kyoto
( Image : EyeEm )
This Japanese city uses a grid-like system making it really easy for tourists to navigate , not to mention despite being surrounded by mountainous landscape the city itself is quite flat .
Many of the biggest sights and highlights are nestled together in the Higashiyama district , so you can easily get around on foot if you 're looking to explore the best of Kyoto 's local culture .
Where to stay : The Kyoto Hana Hotel is located on Sanjo street in the heart of the city , less than a ten-minute walk away from the popular Gion district renowned for being packed with entertainment and art .
The spacious rooms have all the modern amenities you would expect , not to mention that the breakfast buffet offers up a wide array of delectable treats from Danish pastries to local Japanese cuisine .
How much ? Prices start from £139 per night based on two people sharing . Click here for booking information .
Cheap flights : the best airline sales as Ryanair , Norwegian and Aer Lingus launch Easter deals
3 . Helsinki
( Image : E+ )
Having previously announced a goal to make car ownership `` obselete '' by 2025 in the city , Helsinki 's city planners have been hard at work making it much friendlier for those walking or taking public transport .
In fact there are plenty of walkable and interconnected neighbourhoods that you can easily wander through , not to mention the biggest sights themselves - such as the iconic Cathedral - are surrounded by local shops , restaurants and bars for a jam-packed fun day out .
Where to stay : Go Happy Home Apartments offers a series of accommodation in central Helsinki , ideal if you 're hoping to explore the capital by foot .
Individually decorated , they each come with a fully-equipped kitchen as well as dining areas and flat screen TVs , perfect if you 're looking for a cosy night in after a long day out and about exploring .
How much ? Prices start from £108 per night based on two people sharing . Click here for booking information .
4 . Bordeaux
( Image : Rex Features )
If you 're tempted by Bordeaux to check out its world-famous wines , then ditching the car in favour of walking means you do n't have to miss out on a tipple !
Sunny weather , impressive historic monuments , intricate architecture and that must-have French food and wine are just some of the reasons why a stroll around the city makes for an idyllic break .
Where to stay : The Appartements Cathédrale are located in ideal walking distance from Bordeaux 's most popular attractions .
350 yards from Saint-André Cathedral , 650 yards from Great Bell Bordeaux and just 750 yards from the Grand Théâtre de Bordeaux , you wo n't struggle to get around on foot !
How much ? Prices start from £113 based on four people sharing one apartment . Click here for booking information .
5 . Florence
( Image : Moment RF )
Because of its small size , Florence is really easy to cover on foot . In fact , some tourists have walked from one end of the city to another in less than an hour !
Most of the streets in the historic centre are pedestrian-only , and only a handful of squares are open to car traffic at all so you really can take a leisurely stroll without having to plan too much of your route .
Where to stay : roommate Luca really is right by some of the biggest sights - it 's 450 yards from Michelangelo 's iconic David in the Accademia Gallery , ten minutes from the cathedral and less than a mile away from the stunning Ponte Vecchio bridge .
It 's picked up a four-star rating thanks to its stylish and modern rooms nestled in an elegant 19th century building , not to mention the 24-hour reception staff offer brilliant tips and advice on how to make the most of your time in the city .
How much ? Prices start from £143 per night based on two people sharing . Breakfast included . Click here for booking information .
6 . New York
( Image : Stone Sub )
With its grid formation and numbered streets , there 's little chance of getting lost in New York . You can make your way through Manhattan on foot from SoHo to Little Italy or Central Park - and Times Square itself is pedestrianised .
However , if you do want to cross the city and avoid having to spend the whole day on your feet , avoid the Big Apple 's traffic and ditch the yellow cab in favour of the subway .
Where to stay : Club Quarters Hotel Wall Street is just one block away from the bustling world of Wall Street , not to mention it 's near sights including Ground Zero , Trinity Church and a subway station that takes you straight to Broadway .
How much ? Prices start from £112 based on two people sharing . Click here for booking information .
7 . Perth
( Image : Stockbyte )
This Australian hotspot is n't just popular because of its glorious weather and pristine beaches : the city itself is a cultural hub !
Wander through the hustle and bustle of the city 's streets packed with restaurants and bars , or take a scenic calm walk through the luciously green urban parjs .
Where to stay : Tucked away in the heart of the city is the Alex Hotel . A ten-minute walk from Hay Street Shopping Area and with a roof terrace offering unparalleled views of the skyline , it 's a must for those wanting to see a whole new side to Perth .
How much ? Prices from £123 based on two people sharing , breakfast included . Click here for booking information .
8 . Vancouver
( Image : RooM RF )
Not only does Vancouver face the sea , but it boasts the spectacular North Shore Mountains as its breathtaking backdrop - so it 's no wonder the Canadian city continues to be a hit .
An ideal mix of the urban and natural , there are plenty of scenic walks to enjoy during your stay - try the promenade along the False Creek shoreline to Granville Island , and make sure to stop by Ambleside Park .
Where to stay : The Blue Horizon Hotel is perfect if you 're after a city break with a beach , as it 's just a 12-minute walk from Vancouver 's sandy shores .
Corner rooms offer balcony views of the city unlike any other , while the English Bay and Maritime Museum are just a stone 's throw away .
How much ? Prices from £150 based on two people sharing . Click here for booking information .
9 . San Francisco
( Image : Robert Harding World Imagery )
If you can brave a few hilly roads , then San Francisco makes for an ideal walkable city . It boasts California 's sunny weather but thanks to its oceanfront location there 's a breeze , while the ecletic neighbourhoods and colourful buildings make for an unforgettable stroll .
Feeling particularly energetic ? You can walk the 1.7 miles of the Golden Gate Bridge , or if you 're short on time then just the first tower and back again .
Where to stay : The Golden Gate hotel is just a five minute walk from Union Square and the Theatre District , or just ten minutes from Chinatown .
As well as the daily continental breakfast there 's a complimentary afternoon tea , ideal for a rejuvenating boost between a day of sightseeing and a night out making the most of San Francisco 's world-famous nightlife .
How much ? Prices from £117 based on two people sharing , breakfast included . Click here for booking information .
10 . Montevideo
Uruguay 's capital city may be big in size , but it 's surprisingly easy to walk around . There 's a distinctively laid back vibe , and the Rambla is particularly popular at sunset for couples on a romantic walk .
Expect leafy plazas , awe-inspiring colonial architecture and Art Deco towers , as well as street musicians always on hand to serenade you as you stroll !
Where to stay : The BIT Design Hotel offers panoramic views of the city , not to mention it boasts some seriously chic and elegant rooms .
It 's also right by the capital 's busting Punta Carretas Shopping area , and just a stone 's throw from Montevideo 's World Trade Center .
How much ? Prices from £98 based on two people sharing , breakfast included . Click here for booking information .
Newcastle stay top after late equaliser at Norwich
by Reuters News 15 Feb 2017 , 04:56 IST
Britain Football Soccer - Norwich City v Newcastle United - Sky Bet Championship - Carrow Road - 14/2/17 Newcastle United 's Jamaal Lascelles at the end of the game Mandatory Credit : Action Images / Matthew Childs
By Toby Davis
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Newcastle United stayed top of the English Championship ( second tier ) as Jamaal Lascelles grabbed an 81st-minute equaliser to salvage a 2-2 draw at Norwich City on Tuesday .
Second-placed Brighton & Hove Albion were also held , drawing 1-1 at home to Ipswich Town to leave them one point behind Rafa Benitez 's leaders with 15 games of the season remaining .
Newcastle went ahead after 23 seconds through Ayoze Perez , but the match was turned on its head as Jacob Murphy and Cameron Jerome scored to give Norwich the lead inside 17 minutes .
Newcastle dominated the second half but had to wait until the final 10 minutes to draw level as Lascelles 's left-footed effort at the far post secured a point to put them on 66 , with Norwich one place outside the playoff spots on 51 .
Brighton missed the chance to go top after falling behind in the ninth minute to a Luke Chambers effort before Tomer Hemed levelled with his sixth goal in five league games after 29 .
Their failure to claim all three points , however , allowed third-placed Huddersfield Town ( 61 points ) to close the gap on the top two to four points with a 3-2 victory at bottom club Rotherham United thanks to a stoppage-time Tommy Smith winner .
Fourth-placed Reading ( 60 points ) also won 3-2 at home to Brentford , while Leeds United ( 57 ) in fifth beat visitors Bristol City 2-1 . Sheffield Wednesday ( 55 ) , in sixth , won by the same score at home to Blackburn Rovers .
Former European champions Nottingham Forest and Aston Villa lost to leave them floundering in the bottom half of the table .
Forest were beaten 3-2 at Fulham to leave them 17th , a place below Villa who also have 36 points after losing 3-1 at home to Barnsley .
( Reporting by Toby Davis ; Editing by Ken Ferris )
× First Look at Renée Zellweger as Judy Garland in Upcoming Biopic , Resemblance Is Uncanny
LOS ANGELES — Producers behind an upcoming biopic about Judy Garland have released the first image of Renée Zellweger as the late screen icon and it is striking .
“ Judy , ” currently in production , is set in 1968 as the singer arrives in London to perform a series of sold out shows . Zellweger stars in the title role , with Rufus Sewell ( “ The Man in the High Castle ” ) cast as Garland 's ex-husband , Sidney Luft .
Garland died of an accidental overdose in the summer of 1969 at age 47 .
Rupert Goold ( “ True Story ” ) is set to direct . “ Judy ” is a joint production between Pathé , BBC Films and Ingenious Media .
No release date has yet been announced for the project .
New Delhi : Deshna Jain , a 20-year-old girl who hails from Madhya Pradesh , has won the title of Miss India Deaf 2018 and will represent India at the international pageant in Taiwan .
Deshna will represent India at the 8th Miss and Mister Deaf International pageant at Taipei city , Taiwan from July 8 to July 16 .
A student of Indore Deaf Bilingual Academy , Deshna Jain won the Miss India Deaf title at the seventh edition of the competition earlier this year in Jaipur . She competed against over 80 people from 20 states across India .
The contest included a ramp walk in traditional and western attire followed by a talent and question and answer round .
`` I am honoured that I will represent India at the international forum . It is a moment of immense pleasure and pride for me . I am geared up to give my best performance at the international pageant . The path to success especially for people like me is not an easy one but I am determined to bring a difference in the lives of people .
`` I would like to thank my parents , especially my mother who always believed in me , supported me and encouraged me to chase my dreams , '' she said in a statement .
Deshna belongs to Tikamgarh , a small town in Madhya Pradesh . She came for her studies to Bhopal at the young age of three and has been staying away from her family since then .
She wants to make a meaningful difference to society by being a face and the torchbearer for the hearing impaired people . Her larger goal in life is to work for the betterment of young girls like her who can be trained , counselled and coached to study and build a career .
We are sorry , but you can not access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber . Click here to subscribe , or contact us at Pajhwok for more information .
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
ICE Has New Ways To Keep Asylum-Seekers And Their Kids Apart , Critics Say In the case of a Honduran asylum-seeker jailed in Texas , ICE appears to be defying a California federal court order to reunite parents from separated children as soon as possible , by setting bond amounts impossibly high . Her two sons remain in a government shelter in New York .
ICE Has New Ways To Keep Asylum-Seekers And Their Kids Apart , Critics Say ICE Has New Ways To Keep Asylum-Seekers And Their Kids Apart , Critics Say ICE Has New Ways To Keep Asylum-Seekers And Their Kids Apart , Critics Say Audio will be available later today . In the case of a Honduran asylum-seeker jailed in Texas , ICE appears to be defying a California federal court order to reunite parents from separated children as soon as possible , by setting bond amounts impossibly high . Her two sons remain in a government shelter in New York . NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Monopoly Man became the Internet crush of the day on Wednesday , after upstaging former Equifax CEO Richard Smith at a Senate hearing on the company 's massive data breach .
The board game character , whose name is Rich Uncle Pennybags , was brought to life by Amanda Werner , an arbitration campaign manager for Public Citizen and Americans for Financial Reform , groups that advocate for consumer rights and protections .
Almost immediately , the monocle , mustache , top hat , pillow case-sized bag of ( # fake ) Benjamins became a social media sensation .
The most unlikely viewers tuned in to the Senate Banking Committee hearing to watch Werner troll Smith , who was facing a roomful of angry senators after a hack that may have exposed the personal information of more than 145 million people .
People loved it .
`` It was a very calculated move , '' said Werner , who prefers the pronouns `` they '' and `` them , '' adding that it was hilarious to watch the scene become a meme in real time .
Werner mugged and preened for the camera and somehow , in a week dominated by sad and distressing news , gave people what they did n't know they wanted : a delightful reprieve .
Here 's how Werner staged the viral protest — without getting kicked thrown out of the Capitol .
An alarm and an intern
Werner has attended a slew of Senate hearings and has even provided pro-consumer rights testimony in some cases . That is how the activist knew that getting on TV is all about location , and staying within the camera 's frame .
The problem is that seats in the audience tend to fill up quickly , Werner explained .
`` Luckily we have a very dedicated intern here , '' Werner said . `` He showed up at 7 a.m. and held a spot in line for me so that we could get that prime seat . '' The one directly behind Smith , who was the target of the grilling .
Apparently , the intern was the first person in line .
During the hearing , Werner followed # MonopolyMan 's rise to stardom in real time on a phone . Over Twitter Werner was able to figure out the best angles as their head floated in and out of the camera 's view — at one point Werner peered over Smith 's shoulder using the monocle to inspect the back of the millionaire 's head ; at another point they knowingly stroked the perfectly shaped mustache glued to their face .
Honed tone
Werner set out to garner as much publicity as possible for the type of advocacy work Public Citizen does on behalf of consumers .
`` We wanted to do something to get people 's attention , '' Werner said of the hours-long photobomb , adding that people 's eyes tend to glaze over when anyone utters the words `` forced arbitration . ''
Knowing that is the catalyst for coming up with creative protest ideas , Werner explained .
They added that given the somber tone of news coverage around the deadly shooting in Las Vegas this week , the goal was to inject a little humor into public discourse .
`` I think this week has been a particularly rough week on the American psyche so I think people needed a little bit of levity , '' Werner said .
It certainly inspired tens of thousands of happy face crying emoji 's on Twitter and on Facebook .
The decision to go the funny-route is in stark contrast the health care protests on Sept. 25 during a hearing on the most recent Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act . Demonstrators began chanting , delaying the start of the hearing . Fifteen people were arrested and charged with `` Disruption of Congress , '' according to U.S. Capitol Police . Dozens , staging die-ins in the hallway , were arrested and charged with `` crowding , obstructing or incommoding . ''
`` There are a lot of different methods of protest and they all work for different instances , '' Werner said . `` You have to decide which is the best for your particular situation . ''
Ultimately , Werner argued , a good protest leads to action . The notoriety is great to call attention to the cause , they said . But Werner added , `` I hope that the effort [ Wednesday ] will make people not only laugh at the Monopoly Man and retweet these funny pictures but also to call their senators and tell them to vote no on SJ Res 47 . ''
The bill would overturn a new rule intended to ban financial service providers , including banks and credit card companies , from using mandatory arbitration clauses to resolve their disputes and avoid class action lawsuits .
Fashion statement , not statement statement
There are certain lines that members of the audience at committee hearings can not cross . They do not appear to be listed on the Capitol Police website , but here are a few guidelines that Werner has collected .
Wearing a costume ? That 's allowed .
Werner was a little concerned that the Capitol Police would not allow the top hat , but they did n't give it a second look .
In fact , Werner recalls hearing a story about another demonstrator who dressed as Abraham Lincoln , complete with the beard and requisite foot-long stove pipe hat , and legend has it he was also allowed to wear throughout the proceedings .
Holding up a sign ? That is against the rules and can get people thrown out .
Werner knew that going in , but that did n't stop them from briefly holding up a yellow `` Get out of jail free '' card that appeared on screen a few times . `` I did n't hold it up long , '' Werner confessed .
`` I was a little afraid that as I was wiping my forehead with the $ 100 bill or doing other things that were calling a lot of attention to myself , that I might get warned , '' they said .
But the only warning Werner received was for holding a giant bag of money on their lap , which they immediately set on the floor .
Another word-of-mouth tip Werner has received : Writing messages on one 's clothing is permitted .
Jeong Eun-ji of Apink ( Plan A Entertainment )
K-pop group Apink remains shaken up by the death threat made Wednesday , its agency said Thursday. “ It 's not just the members who are shocked , it 's all of us . It ( the death threat ) is not something that we can just laugh off as a joke , ” said an official from Plan A Entertainment . “ The threat just happened , so we 're keeping a keen eye on it . We 're still waiting on what the police investigation finds out. ” Late on Wednesday , an unidentified man called Gangnam Police Station in Seoul and said that he wanted to stab Apink members to death because their agency had filed charges against him . Officers were immediately dispatched to Plan A and a request for Apink 's protection was made.The members of the group had been at a practice facility in Seongdong-gu , eastern Seoul , at the time of the threat.Last month , Plan A filed criminal charges against internet users who posted malicious comments against Apink member Son Na-eun.The agency said it is yet unclear whether the latest threat will affect the release date of Apink 's new EP on June 26.Several popular K-pop stars have been subjected to threats or criminal acts in the past few weeks.On Tuesday , an unidentified person issued an online death threat against Twice 's Mina , which later turned out to be a joke of poor taste . In March , BTS ' Jimin received a death threat prior to the band 's tour in California.By Yoon Min-sik ( minsikyoon @ heraldcorp.com )
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
So it turns out Cristiano Ronaldo has always wanted to emulate Paolo Di Canio .
On Sunday evening , everyone 's favourite Portuguese superstar echoed the Premier League cult hero when he shoved referee Ricardo De Burgos Real Madrid 's 3-1 Spanish Super Cup first leg victory over Barcelona , albeit without the comedy overtones of Di Canio v Paul Alcock all those years ago .
But pushing refs is n't a laughing matter , obviously , and Ronaldo has rightfully been censured by the Spanish FA for it .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : REUTERS )
The Portuguese has been fined €3,000 ( £2,727 ) and banned for five matches by the authorities , and it will certainly be the latter of those two punishments which will hit him hardest .
Because incredibly , thanks to his £365,000-a-week wages ( €401,643.99 ) he 'll be able to pay that €3,000 in just 75 minutes .
( Image : REUTERS )
What 's more , he 'll take home over €2m ( £1,817,530 ) during the time he 's suspended , running all the way up to his return in Real 's home clash with Real Betis on September 19th .
So put your feet up , Cristiano .
You 've earned it .
French Open 2018 : Parmentier downs Cornet in long match
A tight start ends in find control for Parmentier .
Rudy Martinez ANALYST Feature 31 May 2018 , 01:14 IST 49 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
2018 French Open - Day Four
Alize Cornet put up a serious fight that went the distance but came up short at the French Open Wednesday . Pauline Parmentier was the French star who came out with a big show of fight in the late stages to win 6-7 ( 2 ) 6-4 , 6-2 on Suzanne Lenglen Court at Roland Garros .
Quelle bagarre !
⏱ 3h04
🇫🇷 Pauline Parmentier 👉🏻 Prochain tour contre Caroline Wozniacki # RG18 pic.twitter.com/GItHEewPcg — Roland-Garros ( @ rolandgarros ) May 30 , 2018
The battle between French players occurred for the world No . 34 as she viewed progress in the tournament .
The tension would be high , right from the start as each had much to prove . Cornet currently holds the series lead after five decisions . They both went the distance in their opening round to come into a pivotal match to see who the home crowd would stand behind .
They began the set on breaks before Cornet changed things up with a service hold in the third . Parmentier followed the path of her fellow Frenchwoman which has her attempting to answer Cornet 's service .
They went all the way to the tenth on service where at times the chances for a break were apparent but not accomplished by either player . With the opportunity to close the set out on her terms , Cornet smashed down a good offensive that kept her out front for a final time .
The pressure was on Parmentier to act in kind but found it troubling to remain firm . She faltered enough to give Cornet three set points . The 28-year-old blew all her chances on long balls behind the baseline of Parmentier giving the 32-year-old chances to force a tiebreak .
The players took the 12th game deep playing every point like it was their last . After ten minutes and three break chances , Parmentier got the result she wanted but still needed more in what turned into a lopsided tiebreak .
It started with Parmentier taking a 2-0 lead on Cornet before the problems of the world number 34 subsided for a time .
She gained the next four points taking a comfortable lead at 5-2 . She got the win she wanted , gaining a set point with ease to end the opening set in 1 hour and 18 minutes .
Both had even stats but the difference was in unforced errors which Parmentier could n't keep low that resulted in her standing a set down instead .
She made it a mission to stay neck to neck with Cornet who now had to match the wins Parmentier put up for herself . They were deadlocked at eight with the crowd beginning to get behind the 32-year-old who was showing her strong service games .
She kept the lead in the ninth that put Cornet on the edge of losing the chance for straight sets . Parmentier responded terrifically against her French counterpart that sent them to a deciding third set after 54 minutes .
Parmentier fought to keep her winning streak alive against Cornet who made it difficult to earn the service hold .
She continued to fight for every game winning two more against Cornet who fought through only to find herself down with no score on the board of yet .
She began to get a grip on the set as a double break frustrated the 28-year-old who attempted to stay alive in the sixth with a bagel looming over her .
Cornet avoided the embarrassment , but was still under the gun as Parmentier served for the match in the seventh .
The 32-year-old got into trouble with the backhand errors that gave Cornet another game to play smacking a winner down . The victory was a big moment as the third hour went into the books for the French showdown happening , but a winner was n't yet determined .
Cornet served the seventh but was under attack as Parmentier pressed to put an end to her night with a smash win in front of the net to end the three hour and four minute battle .
With a long night coming to a close for the unseeded Frenchwoman , she 'll await her match on Friday when he goes against world No . 2 Caroline Wozniacki .
Charlotte Taylor of Nene Valley Harriers and San Francisco University grabbed the headlines at the weekend , as she continued her incredible season by winning the NCAA 10,000m Championship in Eugene , Oregon .
Taylor ran a tactically astute race and finished in 32:38.57 , four seconds ahead of fellow English athlete Alice Wright , who she pulled away from in a decisive move just before the final lap .
The Spalding speedster has had a meteoric rise over the past four years after winning gold in the World Under 20 Triathlon Championships in 2013 . She then turned her focus to running and has steadily risen through the ranks , establishing herself as a major force with fourth place in the European Under 23 Cross-Country Championships in 2016 and clocking a 10,000m best of 32:11.80 in the USA earlier this year which has put her in contention for a place on the GB team at this year 's World Athletics Championships in London .
n Another Nene Valley Taylor going well at the weekend was Philippa Taylor . She was a third lady and first over 45 lady vet in the St Albans Half-Marathon , finishing 45th overall in 1.27.07 .
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics , Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre Pause
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
1:20 The United States of Powerball
5:48 Dave Barry 's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
3:01 Frank Martin addresses Sindarius Thornwell reinstatement
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson 's 5 goals
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
SQUAMISH , B.C . — Search and rescue crews were to continue searching through the night for three hikers reported missing at Shannon Falls Provincial Park near Squamish , B.C .
Squamish RCMP say the three people were swimming in one of the pools on Tuesday afternoon at the top of Shannon Falls with a group of friends when they slipped and fell into a pool 30 metres below .
Corp. Sascha Banks says in a statement that teams from several agencies have been searching for the trio but have not yet spotted the hikers in the pool system .
Banks says the `` terrain is difficult , very dangerous , and the water flow is heavy which is complicating the search . ''
A Russian warplane was shot down while on patrol over an area of northern Syria 's Idlib province on Saturday , according to the New York Times .
The plane 's pilot parachuted out , surviving the initial attack , but was located and executed by rebel militia once on the ground , Russia 's Defense Ministry said .
The incident took place in one of the state 's alleged `` de-escalation zones '' -- areas created by Russia , Turkey , and Iran in 2017 as a means of reducing conflict throughout the country .
The plane , a Russian Su-25 , was hit by a missile , which caused it to fall out of the sky .
The province where the incident occurred is controlled by a number of different insurgent factions -- including the Free Syrian Army , which has received considerable funding from the CIA .
The identity of the pilot that was killed has not yet been released to the public .
Russian lawmakers have promised an investigation into the incident , with some criticizing the U.S. for supplying weapons to the rebels .
`` We have warned that the Americans will deliver such equipment , and they can not control it later , '' Aleksei Chepa , a member of the State Duma , told the Times .
The Syrian civil war began in 2011 , becoming a conflict that lasted over half a decade . Multiple foreign nations -- including the U.S. and Russia -- would become involved in the funding of opposing combatants within the country , leading some to call it a `` proxy war . ''
The CIA rebel-funding program was allegedly halted in 2017 , and Russia withdrew the majority of its troops from the country in December after Vladimir Putin declared their mission accomplished .
Video of the flaming wreckage of the plane was posted over social media Saturday , apparently by some of the rebels .
A 42-year-old man died in a single-vehicle rollover accident that occurred about 11:50 a.m. Monday .
The Ellis County Sheriff 's Office reported the Hays man was southbound in the 1400 block of 160th Avenue in a tank truck . The department said in a news release it appears the truck went into a west ditch and the driver over-corrected . The tank truck overturned , coming to rest on its top in the east ditch .
The driver was the only occupant , and he was wearing a seat belt . He was pronounced dead at the scene . The name of the driver is being withheld pending notification of family .
WEST SPRINGFILED/WESTFIELD - Ted Cassell , President of Park Square Realty and manager of the Park Square West Springfield office , is very pleased to announce the West Springfield office 's top producing agents for the Third quarter of 2017 . The agents to gain this recognition for the months of July , August and September are Ericca Herbert , Tim Coughlen & Donna O'Connor .
Barry Boccasile , Director of Growth & Development and manager of the Westfield Park Square office is pleased to announce the Park Square Westfield office 's top producers for the same time period . The 2017 Third quarter standouts in Westfield are Aimee Tompkins , Lesley Lambert & Julianne Krutka .
Actor-comedian Vir Das is set to perform here for charities , including an initiative for children suffering from cancer . Production house AGP World is set to bring the stand-up act Battle Of Da Sexes on October 15 here .
Actor and stand-up comedian Kavi Shastri will start the battle with a 15-minute opening act by talking about evolution from a single cell organism to reaching the stage of an early man .
Vir will take over the battle and tickle the audience 's funny bone . The show has been organised by two charity foundations . The first one is International Humanitarian Award – The One , belonging to the Harilela group , and the second is The Helping Hands Foundation that works with children who are diagnosed with cancer .
Trending :
“ This act chronicles the differences between men and women from a scientific point of view . It begins with the sexes ' approach towards language , goes onto analysing their bodies and spots the differences between their vanities . Then it progresses into literature , music , movies and covers leadership , politics , business , crime , sex and commitment . The show is laced with scientific facts , ” Vir said in a statement .
It is produced by AGP World and written by Vir .
Ashvin Gidwani , Managing Director and Producer , AGP World , said the act is a unique concept that has wowed audiences all over the world .
Actor-comedian Vir Das is set to write and produce a new digital series with filmmaker Nikkhil Advani . The series will be a dark comedy to be set in Mumbai with a hint of thrill to it . Vir will also play the lead role in the show , to be produced by Weirdass Comedy and Emmay Entertainment .
Owl eyes are round , but not spherical . These immobile , tubular structures sit on the front of an owl 's face like a pair of built-in binoculars . They allow the birds to focus in on prey and see in three dimensions , kind of like humans — except we do n't have to turn our whole heads to spot a slice of pizza beside us .
Although owls and humans both have binocular vision , it has been unclear whether these birds of prey process information they collect from their environments like humans , because their brains are n't as complex . But in a study published in the Journal of Neuroscience on Monday , scientists tested the ability of barn owls to find a moving target among various shifting backgrounds , a visual processing task earlier tested only in primates .
The research suggests that barn owls , with far simpler brains than humans and other primates , also group together different elements as they move in the same direction , to make sense of the world around them .
`` Humans are not so different from birds as you may think , '' said Yoram Gutfreund , a neuroscientist at Technion Israel Institute of Technology , who led the study with colleagues from his university and RWTH Aachen University in Germany .
A critical part of perception is being able to distinguish an object from its background . One way humans do this is by grouping elements of a scene together to perceive each part as a whole . In some cases , that means combining objects that move similarly , like birds flying in a flock or the single bird that breaks away from it .
Scientists have generally considered this type of visual processing as a higher level task that requires complex brain structures . As such , they 've only studied it in humans and primates .
But Gutfreund and his team believed this ability was more basic — like seeing past camouflage . A barn owl , for example , might have evolved a similar mechanism to detect a mouse moving in a meadow as wind blows the grass in the same direction .
To test visual detection tactics in their feathered subjects , they showed barn owls screens of black , moving dots on a grey background and attached cameras to their heads to track their gazes . Then the team measured how long it took the birds to turn their heads toward a target dot , moving in a different direction than numerous other shifting dots .
The owls were able to spot the target . They were better at finding it when the contrasting dot direction was uniform rather than scattered . Even though the elements were all black dots , the direction they were moving made a big difference in the owl 's perception of the world — and how its brain responded .
The researchers also recorded activity from the ocular tectum , a brain area involved in basic visual processing in owls and many other vertebrates . They found that it activated more or less depending on the movement of the dots , suggesting it was responsible for performing this seemingly complex task .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Former Belgium boss Marc Wilmots has accused Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois of being a 'mole ' in the national team dressing room .
Wilmots was sacked after his side 's surprise loss to Wales in the quarter-finals of Euro 2016 and has since had a short stint in charge of the Ivory Coast national team .
He and Courtois had a well publicised spat during the tournament with the 25-year-old critical of his then manager 's tactics .
Now , Wilmots has suggested there was a leak in the camp , appearing to blame the Chelsea keeper for leaking team news to journalists via his father Thierry .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : AFP )
Speaking to BeIN Sports , Wilmots said : `` I just have a problem when I make my selection at 6pm and at 6.15pm it is on all social networks .
`` It means that a player has sold the selection . And that 's serious . It came back to me from several French journalists that Courtois ' father was doing it . It means that you do not respect your homeland .
( Image : Getty )
`` I find it a shame , because I have to wait an hour before the match to have the opposition 's selection . And that 's terrible .
`` The opponent is gaining time . He can prepare everything . He knows everything . And that 's really dramatic . It never happened at the World Cup in Brazil . ''
( Image : Getty )
Thierry Courtois , however hit back at the ex-Belgium boss by suggesting he 'd never do such a thing .
`` I never in my life communicated a team composition to any journalist , '' he replied .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
`` Being a top player and also in a technical staff of a European level club , I know how delicate it is .
`` My team-mates and players also knew it . We work together for a long time to get results , I hate leaks . ''
TORONTO — A man accused of driving a van into pedestrians along a stretch of a busy Toronto street has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder .
Alek Minassian , of Richmond Hill , Ont. , is also facing 13 counts of attempted murder .
The 25-year-old appeared in a packed Toronto courtroom this morning clad in a white jumpsuit and only spoke his name during the brief hearing .
Police arrested Minassian less than half an hour after the incident , which took place at 1:30 p.m. on Monday .
With an abundance of natural gas being recovered from the major shale plays , liquid natural gas ( LNG ) prices are nearly two-thirds of what they were as recently as 2014 . At the same time , the proliferation of large LNG plants in the U. S. and around the world , together with abundant low-cost supply , has resulted in lack of demand for the new long-term commitments needed for the next wave of LNG export facilities to reach final investment decision .
Yet this is n't the case with small and midscale bunkering and peak shaving facilities . There , a host of needs has owner/ operators of these facilities working fast to meet present and expected demand . For ocean-going vessels , more stringent regulations that require they meet low sulfur standards in designated emission control areas have made LNG , which contains virtually no sulfur , the clean fuel of choice . In the U.S. , Crowley Marine , Tote and Harvey Gulf International Marine are leading the way in LNG-powered vessels . With an additional 97 LNG-fueled ships being built , bringing the LNG-powered fleet to 200 worldwide , demand continues to grow . As such , additional bunkering facilities and other infrastructure will need to be built .
The same is true for other applications . Examples include small to midscale peak shavers for use in developed but fuel-constrained areas like New England , or to provide fuel for power plants in remote areas such as islands , mining facilities , upstream exploration and production fields , and elsewhere . One Caribbean island recently converted its gas turbine power plant to duel-fuel capability and is building two new power plants fueled by natural gas , provided in the form of LNG imported from the U.S .
Maximizing return on investment
In every instance -- whether in the liquefaction of natural gas , receiving and regasification , peak shaving storage or other applications -- developers , energy providers , fuel distributors , transportation companies and financing groups have all shared objectives in the design and construction of LNG infrastructure :
Efficient , economical production or conversion of LNG with the lowest possible capital cost
Reliable operation with competitive operating costs and minimal emissions
Flexibility in operation
From concept to cooldown , getting there means minimizing design and construction time by partnering with firms or well-established teams that have a long history of success in this highly complex segment and that can provide all the needed services -- EPC management -- to integrate the complexities of liquefaction , regasification and/ or cryogenic storage technologies .
What to look for in an EPC management partner
Look for partners that understand the complexity of LNG projects and have proven expertise in front-end engineering design as well as detail engineering , procurement and construction of cryogenic tanks , the liquefaction or regasification process , and balance of plant construction . They should also have relationships and ready access to global resources -- key for critical components such as liquefaction modules or in-tank pumps -- but also with craft labor such as experienced welders certified in the welding of high-alloy steels such as 9-percent nickel . The contractor 's project managers should possess decades of experience in managing complex projects with multiple critical path activities .
Ask about past historical performance and the provider 's record of repeat business with existing customers . More importantly , inquire about its emphasis on safety and safety record .
Finally , look for a partner willing to support your operations after plant commissioning and willing and able to enter into a strategic alliance for long-term operations support . Doing so helps ensure dedicated resources and work flow predictability , commitment to safety , consistent performance and teamwork .
For more information , call John Hart at ( 832 ) 448-4370 , email jhart @ matrixservice.com or visit www.Matrixservice.com .
View in Digital Edition
Andro Plus Male Enhancement Slowly bend your legs with your back exclusively . You can go down low and then slowly get back up . Which this with weights in order to produce Muscle Power . Increase the number of repetitions as you go on . Perfect hold the behind your head . one vertical line with your spine . You will learn to strengthen your abdominal minimizing back tendons . http : //www.strongtesterone.com/andro-plus-male-enhancement/
London : England captain Eoin Morgan has been included in the one-day international squad for matches against Scotland and Australia despite suffering a fractured finger .
Morgan was ruled out of his scheduled appearance for the Rest of the World against the West Indies in a Twenty20 fixture at Lord 's on Thursday after chipping the end of his right ring finger .
Morgan 's county Middlesex confirmed he suffered the injury when he was fielding during the Royal London One-Day Cup match against Somerset on Sunday .
The batsman was set to captain the World XI in a game which is being held to raise funds for stadiums in Dominica and Anguilla damaged by hurricanes last year .
But while he wo n't be able to play in that match , Morgan -- England 's limited-overs skipper -- will take charge on June 10 against Scotland and then in five matches against Australia .
The Irishman was named on Wednesday in a 13-man squad to travel to Edinburgh and then one of 14 against Australia in a series starting at The Oval on June 13 .
Sam Billings will be included against Scotland to deputise for wicketkeeper Jos Buttler , and seamer Tom Curran will bolster the squad by one when he is added to the ranks to face Australia .
This will be the first time England have played in Scotland since May 2014 , when they defeated the hosts by 39 runs in Aberdeen .
England , currently number one in the ODI world rankings , defeated Australia 4-1 in a five-match series held in Australia in January .
England 's 13-man squad for the ODI against Scotland in Edinburgh on June 10 : Eoin Morgan ( Middlesex , capt ) , Moeen Ali ( Worcestershire ) , Jonathan Bairstow ( Yorkshire ) , Sam Billings ( Kent ) , Alex Hales ( Nottinghamshire ) , Liam Plunkett ( Yorkshire ) , Adil Rashid ( Yorkshire ) , Joe Root ( Yorkshire ) , Jason Roy ( Surrey ) , Ben Stokes ( Durham ) , David Willey ( Yorkshire ) , Chris Woakes ( Warwickshire ) , Mark Wood ( Durham ) England 's 14-man squad for the five-match ODI series against Australia commencing on June 13 : Eoin Morgan ( Middlesex , capt ) , Moeen Ali ( Worcestershire ) , Jonathan Bairstow ( Yorkshire ) , Jos Buttler ( Lancashire ) , Tom Curran ( Surrey ) , Alex Hales ( Nottinghamshire ) , Liam Plunkett ( Yorkshire ) , Adil Rashid ( Yorkshire ) , Joe Root ( Yorkshire ) , Jason Roy ( Surrey ) , Ben Stokes ( Durham ) , David Willey ( Yorkshire ) , Chris Woakes ( Warwickshire ) , Mark Wood ( Durham )
Russian Journalist Said To Be Killed Shows Up At News Conference Very Much Alive
Enlarge this image toggle caption Screenshot by NPR/Громадське Телебачення YouTube Screenshot by NPR/Громадське Телебачення YouTube
The Russian journalist who was said to have been killed yesterday in Kiev , Ukraine , turned up very much alive at a news conference today .
In a wild turn of events captured on video , Arkady Babchenko was introduced to applause and gasps from the reporters in attendance .
Громадське Телебачення YouTube
`` I 'm still alive , '' Babchenko said , apologizing to friends and family who believed that he was dead , The Associated Press reports .
The head of the Ukrainian Security Service , Vasily Gritsak , said his agency had faked Babchenko 's death in order to set up a sting operation to catch those who were trying to kill him , according to the AP :
`` Before ushering Babchenko into the room , Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who had been recruited and paid $ 40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the killing . The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn hired an acquaintance who had fought in the separatist war in eastern Ukraine as the gunman . ''
Yesterday , Kiev police told reporters that Babchenko had been shot multiple times in the back and had died from his injuries . His wife was said to have found him bleeding from his wounds .
Police have appealed for witnesses to an incident in Doncaster town centre in which a 23-year-old man was stabbed .
The man suffered a stab wound to his back and was taken to hospital for treatment after being assaulted by a gang of five men in Bowers Fold in the early hours of the morning .
Coco Bar in Silver Street - where the victim had been involved in an altercation with a gang of men .
Now police are appealing for anyone who may have seen the incident or have information to come forward .
The attack took place between 3.45 and 3.55am on Sunday as the man walked through Bowers Fold after leaving Coco Bar on Silver Street .
The victim had been involved in an altercation with a group of men inside the bar and as me made his way through the passage towards Doncaster Market , he was attacked by five men who then made off .
Detective Constable Della O'Horo who has been leading the investigation has said : “ An investigation into this incident remains underway and is a priority for our team as we work hard to identify those involved .
`` Secondly , I 'd also like to reiterate our no tolerance approach to knife crime across South Yorkshire . ”
“ At this time the men believed to be involved in the incident are thought to be the same group who were involved in the reported altercation inside Coco bar . However due to being approached from behind the victim could only provide limited descriptions of the group . ”
One of the men is described as white and wearing dark coloured trousers with a light coloured t-shirt . The four other men are described as being Asian in appearance with the first man wearing a dark blue t-shirt with a white logo on the front and dark blue jeans .
The second man was wearing a checked shirt and black top , with a white crest on the left side of his chest , and dark blue jeans .
The third man had a long sleeve blue shirt with dark trousers and the fourth man had a grey t-shirt with dark blue jeans .
DC O'Horo continued : “ I understand this incident may have caused concern and distress within the community , and I would like to provide my reassurance that a dedicated team of officers is currently working to understand the exact circumstances of the incident . ”
Anyone with information can report it on 101 quoting incident number 185 of 1 October , or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 .
Space Jam 2 : Picking the NBA Players who could star alongside LeBron James
Dan Crouch FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Feature 140 // 04 Jul 2018 , 21:30 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
'Trainwreck ' New York Premiere
LeBron James perfectly fits the bill of an NBA superstar with a career on the big screen . He 's a megastar on the court , a high-profile , outspoken personality off it , and now the final piece of the puzzle is complete with his move to Los Angeles . NBA stars making appearances on the big screen is nothing new .
We 've seen Ray Allen as Jesus Shuttlesworth , Kyrie Irving as Uncle Drew , Shaquille O'Neal as Kazaam , Michael Jordan and co. as themselves in Space Jam ( a film worthy of an Oscar in my humble opinion ) , and many others . Kobe Bryant even won an Oscar earlier this year for his animated short 'Dear Basketball ' .
The trend of NBA stars loving the Hollywood spotlight is n't new , either ; Hall of famers Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Julius Erving both appeared in films in the 1970s .
LeBron is n't new to the big screen after starring in many documentaries about his life and making cameo appearances in cartoons and movies such as SpongeBob SquarePants , Teen Titans , and Trainwreck . There is one title , however , that we 've been waiting his whole career to see : SPACE JAM 2 . It was announced in 2014 that Space Jam 2 would be happening , but very few details have since followed ( besides a cryptic cartoon featuring Blake Griffin , more on that in a moment ) .
The IMDB page for Space Jam 2 exists , but even with some good detective work the only details it gives away are that LeBron will be starring in it , two no-name actors with a combined six titles on their IMDB filmography pages have been confirmed as extras for some reason , and , as expected , several other NBA all-stars will be featuring in the film . The description for the film says `` LeBron James and several other NBA All-Stars team up with the Looney Tunes for this long-awaited sequel '' .
It confirms what we already know , but it also raises a far more important question : who will be the NBA all-stars teaming up with LeBron ? Here are some current and former NBA all-stars who fit the bill .
Wildcards
Isaiah Thomas
Not everyone in Space Jam was an all-star ; remember Muggsy Bogues and Shawn Bradley ? Isaiah Thomas has publicly stated his desire to fill the short guy role in Space Jam 2 , which makes sense given he 's the shortest player in the league . He missed out on the big payday he deserved , he went through hell in last year 's playoffs , and now he is basically irrelevant . Please Warner Bros , let the man be Muggsy 2.0 at least .
Thomas is in as Muggsy , then Boban Marjanovic - the tallest player in the league - has to be in as Shawn Bradley .
I do n't care in what capacity , but ESPN analyst Stephen A. Smith absolutely has to get some screen time . Just imagine a classic Stephen A. Smith rant about the events of NBA players having their talents stolen . It would be magical .
Kevin Love or Kyrie Irving could each create a fun dynamic as former teammates of LeBron 's . Another former teammate in J.R. Smith would be hilarious after the events of the 2018 NBA Finals .
Al Horford randomly strikes me as a guy who would be a randomly talented actor , I could see him playing a Patrick Ewing-type role well .
And last but most certainly not least , the only basketball player better than Michael Jordan , LaVar Ball needs to get a gig now that LeBron is on the Lakers with his boy Lonzo . Even if he was n't , the options for including LaVar are too good to pass up . He could be the comic relief character , just like how Stan ( better known as Wayne Knight , even better known as Newman from Seinfeld ) provided comic relief in the original Space Jam .
DETROIT — Miami centre Hassan Whiteside is out for the Heat 's game at Detroit with an illness .
Whiteside is averaging 14.1 points and 11.7 rebounds this season . Kelly Olynyk started at centre Saturday night for the Heat .
Detroit is not at full strength either , with rookie Luke Kennard ( foot ) and guard Dwight Buycks ( illness ) missing the game . The Pistons have been without point guard Reggie Jackson since late December because of an ankle injury .
Detroit is playing its second game with newly acquired star Blake Griffin .
© Sputnik/ Yuriy Somov Russian Defense Minister Explains Troops ' Deployment to Kuril Islands
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — Muneo Suzuki , head of the New Party Daichi , known as Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's unofficial adviser on relations with Russia , told the Izvestia newspaper that he expected Abe and Russian President Vladimir Putin to confirm agreement on joint economic activities on the South Kuril islands .
According to Japanese media reports Abe is going to visit Russia on April 27 – 28 .
“ I think that during this visit the leaders ' agreement on how the joint economic activities should be carried out will be somehow confirmed and formalized , ” Suzuki said .
He also said that the leaders were likely to discuss introduction of visa free regime for former Japanese residents of the South Kurils so that they could visit graves of their relatives .
“ I also think they will discuss implementation of eight spheres of cooperation proposed by the Japanese party during the meeting in Sochi on May 6 last year . Concerning the international issues , the leaders are likely to discuss Syria and North Korea , ” Suzuki said referring to Abe 's plan of cooperation in the spheres of energy , industry , health care , agriculture , urbanism , business , high technologies and humanitarian exchanges .
He added that Abe was very interested in improving Russian-US relations .
Russia and Japan are taking a step forward in resolving the Kuril Islands standoff after Putin and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe held the second rounds of talks on the issue in late 2016 . The two leaders agreed to create a special regime on the islands leading to the establishment joint economic projects .
Moscow and Tokyo never signed a permanent peace treaty after the World War II due to a disagreement over the group of islands , which Russia calls the Southern Kurils and Japan the Northern Territories , encompassing the islands of Iturup , Kunashir , Shikotan and Habomai .
Some patient conditions require dental surgery to be done in a hospital operating room . ( Black Press files )
Waiting lists will be shortened this year for people requiring hospital admission for dental surgery , B.C . Health Minister Adrian Dix says .
Additional funding this year will allow 900 more procedures for children and adults who require general anesthetic for dental surgery procedures , due to complex medical conditions or developmental disabilities .
“ I have heard from parents whose sons and daughters are suffering for long periods in pain , in some cases without any understanding of what is happening to them , ” Dix said . “ This is something we need to address , and that is why we are taking action today . ”
The increase in procedures is the largest increase ever in B.C. , Dix said . Health ministry data show that an average of 15 per cent of people needing hospital surgery for dental problems waited more than 26 weeks .
Island Health had more than 20 per cent of patients waiting at least 26 weeks , followed by 14.8 per cent in Fraser health and 10.9 per cent in the Interior Health region .
The total number of hospital-based dental surgeries is funded to increase from 6,200 last fiscal year to 7,100 in 2018-19 .
“ Recognizing those with developmental disabilities , such as Down syndrome , cerebral palsy and autism , need more access for dental care that can better accommodate their physical needs is long overdue , ” said Faith Bodnar , executive director of disability rights group Inclusion B.C .
If you 're a doctor or a dentist or have some other profession where you need to be certified by the state where you work , there 's a good chance you need to know about professional corporations . In this video , Entrepreneur Network partner Mark J. Kohler walks you through the importance of professional corporations and how they can help you keep your finances in order .
Click play to learn more .
Related : This Simple Difference Could Cost You Thousands in Taxes
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment , education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders . We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre .
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical . Watch video from our network partners on demand on Amazon Fire , Roku , Apple TV and the Entrepreneur App available on iOS and Android devices .
Click here to become a part of this growing video network .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A stunning 23,000-year-old `` Venus '' statue with a `` derriere like Kim Kardashian 's '' has been unearthed , scientists say .
Carved from woolly mammoth tusk , the naked Paleolithic beauty displays a `` fantastically delicate '' prehistoric woman .
The rare find was made in the Bryansk region of Russia .
Dr Konstantin Gavrilov , who led the expedition that discovered it , waxed lyrical - comparing the figurine to Rembrandt 's fulsome image of Danae from Greek mythology .
( Photo : Alexander Pakhunov / The Siberia )
( Photo : WENN )
`` This statuette pictures a rather portly woman , but it looks fantastically delicate , probably due to the long and thin legs , ' enthused the scientist , from the Stone Age department of Moscow 's Archeology Institute .
`` The figurine with slightly bent legs recalls Danae , as painted by the New Age artists . ''
Others suggested a more modern icon for the two inch high ancient treasure - Kim Kardashian , reported The Siberian Times .
It appeared to depict a `` cult of fertility '' , said Dr Gavrilov , but then indicated this was impossible since it predated the existence of agriculture .
( Photo : Alexander Pakhunov / The Siberia )
The `` Venus '' is made from `` mammoth tusk and it portrays a fat , maybe pregnant woman , with a big belly and bust , '' he said .
`` Part of the bust and belly has peeled off , along a natural crack in the tusk. ``
But the rear view remains intact from 23,000 years ago .
( Photo : The Siberian Times )
`` The figurine was found near large limestone layers and parts of mammoth bones that were painted with a mineral sienna paint .
`` Most likely , the statuette was put next to the bones on the ground rather than 'buried ' like other 'Venuses ' '' found in Russia .
( Photo : Hermitage Museum / The Siberian )
Most experts believed such prehistoric statuettes are `` ceremonial '' and `` ritual '' objects , he said .
Other `` Venuses '' have been found in Russia , notably near Lake Baikal in Siberia , but on closer inspection some of these were , in fact , clothed .
The latest find was made among bones of mammoths , bison , and flint stones in a 23,000 year old layer at archeological site Khotylyovo-2 .
Unfortunately , the predominant exposure most non-Indigenous people get to Indigenous-inspired designs is through cheap souvenirs and tourist trinkets , says Paul .
Despite the fact that many Indigenous communities boast master weavers , beaders , and appliqué artists , they have yet to receive broader recognition for their talents , she says .
`` ( It 's ) because of colonization and because of the commodification of our culture and I think a lot of it has been cheapened through that , '' says the 34-year-old . `` You can go to any Canadian tourist store and buy a really cheap piece of beaded work that 's not even made here in Canada ... It costs more money to do one of a kind custom-made pieces . ''
By nature , the fashion industry has not been friendly to emerging creators who more often work to order or only make small batches , she adds . Those on remote reserves are at a further disadvantage because tools , materials and shipping are more expensive .
`` We 're not going to be able to mass produce at the level that a major retailer would want . I 'm hoping to change or to start influencing how we work with Indigenous designers ... to look at purchasing lower quantities and understanding the value with that , '' she says . `` By bringing everyone to Toronto I 'm really hoping that that sparks some sort of interest and motivation for retailers and buyers to actively go out and find these designers , regardless of where they 're located . ''
With sustainable fashion now trendy in the broader fashion world , Paul hopes Indigenous techniques and knowledge can be recognized for their value . She points to the inspiring work of Janelle Wawia , a self-taught artist from northwestern Ontario who traps her own furs and leather .
`` We know where the food goes — it goes into the community to feed community members , bones are used for tools and the fur is used for whatever is being made out of the clothing . ''
Ducharme says he 's added 10 new pieces to a collection he revealed at Vancouver Indigenous Fashion Week last summer , and will unveil his reimagined showcase in part to combat notions that designs are disposable from season to season .
The 25-year-old — whose designs are not geared specifically to men or women , but rather `` genderless '' wearers — says welcoming new ideas is key to fashion 's future .
And he 's got plenty to offer .
`` My work is always going to be an ode to those ancestors who did everything that they could so that my generation and the generations to come after me would have a better tomorrow . ''
Indigenous Fashion Week Toronto starts Thursday and runs through Sunday .
On display were pieces of art produced by the students in kindergarten through seventh grade . Historical artists such as Hokusai , Michelangelo and Keith Haring were all represented and paid tribute to . This 100 percent parent-run , school-supported program is a prime example of the importance of art in our children 's education . Techniques such as texture , space and form were all evident in the children 's pieces .
Celebrating the Difference will return to Fraserburgh on Saturday , September 16 .
The event promises a free , fun-packed afternoon of entertainment for all the family at North East Scotland College 's Fraserburgh campus .
Running from 12 noon to 3pm , there will be a host of activities for all the family to enjoy . Several newcomers have been added to the programme for 2017 including the Aberdeen Ghangra Crew who will be teaching everyone a few steps in Indian dance .
The Blu Toon All Stars from Peterhead will also be in attendance , while there will be singing from Lighthouse Rock and Highland dancing from the Lawrence Dance Academy .
Food from all around the globe will also be on offer as well as a host of stalls , giving the many different countries who have made their home in the Broch a chance to show more of their culture .
The number of subscribers of mobile virtual network operators ( MVNOs ) has hit the 7 million mark , the ICT ministry said Tuesday , maintaining stable growth since the service was launched in 2011 .
The mobile service providers that rent networks from the country 's three carriers -- SK Telecom Co. , KT Corp. and LG Uplus Corp. -- had over 7.01 million users as of the end of March , the Ministry of Science , ICT and Future Planning said .
MVNOs usually provide users with plans cheaper than those of the major carriers as they save on network operation costs . In line with its efforts to ease the burden on households amid the economic slump , the South Korean government has been promoting sales of budget smartphones sold by MVNOs .
( Yonhap )
Since being first launched here in July 2011 , MVNO subscriptions surpassed the 1 million mark in October 2012 and continued to gain ground reaching 6 million in January 2016 . `` The number of thrift phone users increased on the back of the government 's support policy and the operators ' rigorous efforts , '' an ICT ministry official said.The ministry said the rise in the portion of MVNO subscribers is significant as the average revenue per user ( ARPU ) of such service providers stands at 16,026 won ( $ 13.6 ) . This is far lower than the ARPU of 36,481 won held by the existing three mobile carriers . ( Yonhap )
EMBED > More News Videos April 5th dashcam video from Raleigh Police
In response to the three law enforcement agency videos that were released today to the media , the Raleigh Police Department issued the following statement : @ RaleighGov pic.twitter.com/m5uviyRBjF — Raleigh Police ( @ raleighpolice ) May 30 , 2018
EMBED > More News Videos Raleigh Police release dashcam from April 5th
Body and dash cam video has been released showing a confrontation between officers and a Raleigh man during an arrest back in April.The video shows the arrest of Kyron Hinton.The two state troopers involved in the arrest -- Tabitha Davis and Michael Blake -- as well as Wake deputy Cameron Broadwell , have been charged with assault with a deadly weapon The NC NAACP is planning to respond to the video release in a news conference set for 5 p.m.In response to the video release , Raleigh Police released a statement , saying in part that `` as with any situation where a citizen is injured , this matter is of great concern . `` The grand jury indictment said Blake and Davis hit Hinton with their flashlights , causing serious injury.It also stated that Broadwell assaulted Hinton with his hands and a police K-9 , causing injury that resulted in Hinton 's hospitalization.A Wake County judge ordered the law enforcement agencies last week to release the videos.Hinton admits he was drunk and waving his hands that night , upset because he had just lost money at a sweepstakes parlor . `` I had been drinking and had a crisis that night but I did n't do anything to law enforcement and I was no threat . And , again , the video will show that , '' he told ABC11 last week.The three police agencies at the scene of the arrest did n't object to the release of the dash and body camera video but asked the judge to also authorize them to release audio recordings including police radio traffic and 911 calls.An attorney for the Wake County Sheriff 's Office said he hoped people would watch and listen to all the recordings before passing judgment on the actions of the officers . `` We just would ask that if you do decide to release it that we release all of it , '' said Paul Gessner . `` If you want to ask somebody to put together a puzzle you need to give them all the pieces of the puzzle . ''
Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey is suing President Donald Trump over new rules allowing companies to opt out of contraception coverage .
Companies can claim an objection on religious or moral grounds , under the Trump administration 's new rules , which are an effort to pare back a mandate in the Affordable Care Act , also known as Obamacare .
`` The Trump administration 's actions today are a direct attack on women 's health and the right to access affordable and reliable contraception , '' Healey said in a statement .
`` By gutting this mandate , the religious belief of employers will replace the basic right of a woman to care for herself and her family , '' Healey added . My office has been vigilant when it comes to fighting for health care coverage and ensuring equality in the workplace . ''
Healey said her lawsuit will seek to `` stop this rule and defend critical protections for millions of women in Massachusetts and across the country . ''
Healey 's lawsuit is the latest legal challenge her office has filed against the Trump administration . The other lawsuits have challenged the administration 's Muslim travel ban and changes to environmental rules .
Employers can now opt out of providing low cost birth control by citing religious , moral objections
Share . Elfman scored Tim Burton 's Batman movies . Elfman scored Tim Burton 's Batman movies .
Danny Elfman , the composer behind 1989 Batman and Spider-Man , is set to score Justice League .
According to The Hollywood Reporter , Elfman has taken over for Junkie XL , who recently departed the project to work on Warner Bros. ' Tomb Raider movie . This will be the first time Eflman composes music for Batman again since 1992 's Batman Returns .
Along with the two Tim Burton Batman movies and the first Spider-Man film , Elfman has also scored the Men in Black trilogy , Spider-Man 2 , 2003 's Hulk , Hellboy II : The Golden Army , Dick Tracy , and the 1990 The Flash TV series . Justice League will also see Elfman reunite with Joss Whedon , as the composer was brought in to add additional music for Avengers : Age of Ultron .
Whedon has taken over production for director Zack Snyder , who left the project following a family tragedy . Additional photography for the DC ensemble film is getting underway in London .
Justice League opens in cinemas on November 17 . The film will feature additional Wonder Woman characters , including Queen Hippolyta and Antiope .
Alex Gilyadov is a freelance writer for IGN . You can follow him on Twitter .
The White House press secretary got emotional when a child asked what the Trump administration was doing to combat school shootings on Wednesday . Video of Sarah Sanders reacting to the gun violence question appears to show her holding back tears . Her response drew on her own experience as a parent ; however , she did not give the young boy a clear answer about what gun control policies the administration was considering .
“ I think that as a kid and certainly as a parent , there is nothing that could be more terrifying for a kid to go to school and not feel safe . I 'm sorry you feel that way , ” Sanders replied to the boy , who told her about a recent lockdown drill at his school .
The boy explained to Sanders that his and his friends ' mental health had been affected by their worries about being shot at school . Sanders assured the boy that the administration takes the issue seriously . She added that a new school safety commission created by the White House in March will meet this week to discuss `` the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids in our schools and to make them feel safe and make their parents feel good about dropping them off . ''
The goal of the Federal Commission on School Safety , led by Education Secretary Betsy DeVos , is to address school safety and what the administration calls a culture of violence . It will study and make recommendations on age restrictions for certain firearm purchases , entertainment rating systems and youth consumption of violent entertainment , and the effects of of press coverage following mass shootings , according to a White House fact sheet . The commission is also expected to look into repealing the Obama administration 's “ Rethink School Discipline ” policies , which discouraged schools from reporting students who misbehave to law enforcement .
`` Every child deserves to grow up in a safe community surrounded by a loving family and to have a future filled with opportunity and with hope , '' Trump said when announcing the new commission .
Trump also formally put his support behind a bipartisan bill aimed at improving the National Instant Criminal Background Check System ( NICS ) . The “ Fix NICS ” bill , introduced by Sen. John Cornyn ( R-TX ) and Sen. Chris Murphy ( D-CT ) , has stalled in the Senate since then .
Sanders announced on Wednesday that Trump will meet with the families of students killed in the Santa Fe , Texas school shooting during a trip to Texas this week . Ten people were fatally shot and thirteen others wounded when a student opened fire at the high school earlier this month . Trump is traveling to Houston and Dallas to attend political fundraisers , but will stop by Santa Fe to `` personally offer his condolences and support , '' according to Sanders .
If he meets with Santa Fe High School junior Megan McGuire , he may not receive a warm welcome . The survivor warned lawmakers that their careers wo n't last much longer if they do n't take more action to stop school shootings . `` My thought is that if you do not do something , you do not have a prayer of being elected , '' she said , according to ABC News . `` My generation will see to that . ''
When asked about school shootings in the past , Sanders has both maintained that Trump wants American schools to be safe and defended the president against accusations that his administration has n't done enough to achieve that goal .
“ The president believes that all Americans deserve to be safe in their schools and their communities , ” Sanders said in a January press briefing . “ We 've had two years of increased violence prior to the president taking office . We 've tried to crack down on crime throughout the country . ”
She added : “ The fact that you 're basically accusing the president of being complicit in a school shooting is outrageous . ”
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town , and volunteer fire department
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America 's Team ?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:12 Man 's best friend also becomes man 's best colleague
1:03 Oversized coats are winter 's ultimate wrap star
4:04 Talkin ' Cowboys : Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
The moment you get a look at ALA.NI behind the Tiny Desk , you 'll notice it in the foreground : The singer asked us to record her set using her vintage RCA Ribbon microphone , which she carries around in a small briefcase between shows . It 's a security blanket , a bit of visual branding , a statement of stylistic intent — and , not for nothing , a big reason ALA.NI 's voice carries with such warmth and intimacy .
The microphone is n't the only element of ALA.NI 's sound that seems to have been transported from another era . The London-born , Paris-based singer draws inspiration from her uncle , a British '20s and '30s cabaret star by the name of Leslie `` Hutch '' Hutchinson , and writes her own songs in the style of the standards he sang . You & I , her debut album , reverberates from the same spirit : It captures and conveys a reverent love of early-20th-century music , while injecting those sounds with charisma and charm well suited for any era . Here , she performs four songs from You & I , before closing her set with a heartwarming , crowd-aided `` Happy Birthday '' to her accompanist , Marvin Dolly .
You & I is available now . ( iTunes ) ( Amazon )
Set List
`` Cherry Blossom ''
`` Ol Fashioned Kiss ''
`` Suddenly ''
`` Happy Birthday ( To Marvin ) ''
Musicians
ALA.NI ( vocals , guitar ) ; Marvin Dolly ( guitar )
Credits
Producers : Bob Boilen , Niki Walker , Bronson Arcuri ; Audio Engineer : Josh Rogosin ; Videographers : Niki Walker , Tsering Bista ; PA : Karen Gwee ; Photo : Liam James Doyle/NPR .
For more Tiny Desk concerts , subscribe to our podcast .
Northampton - Florence Bank has named Erin Couture , of Southampton , as its Community Support Award winner for 2018 .
The Community Support Award was established by the bank in 1997 to recognize employees who are active participants in community events and donate their personal and professional time to local not-for-profit organizations .
Each year , the award recipient has the opportunity to select a not-for-profit organization of his/her choice , and the bank makes a donation to that organization . At Couture 's recommendation , Florence Bank will make a donation to Big Brothers Big Sisters of Hampshire County , for which Couture serves as president on its advisory board .
Couture , vice president of commercial loans and a commercial lender , joined Florence Bank in Nov. 2011 .
She holds a bachelor 's degree in finance from the University of Massachusetts , Amherst , and a master 's in business administration from Western New England University .
Couture is actively involved with the Northampton Chamber of Commerce as a Finance Committee member and is also the Committee Chair at the W.E . Norris School in Southampton . Couture is an award recipient of BusinessWest 's 40 Under Forty , in which 40 young business and civic leaders in Western Mass are honored annually .
Florence Bank is a mutually-owned savings bank chartered in 1873 . Currently , the bank serves the Pioneer Valley through 9 full-service branch locations in Florence , Northampton , Easthampton , Williamsburg , Amherst , Hadley , Belchertown and Granby as well as through 27 ATMs and a new full-service Banking Center in West Springfield . Florence Bank offers a wide range of financial services including investment management through FSB Financial group ( FSBFG ) to consumers and businesses . Main headquarters are at 85 Main St. in the Florence section of Northampton . For additional information about the bank or its services , visit www.florencebank.com or call 413-586-1300 .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A scared teenager gave birth alone in her bedroom then hid the baby 's body in a shoebox , an inquest heard .
Ayesha Tariq , now 23 , wept as she told how she kept her pregnancy hidden from her family by wearing baggy clothes .
Miss Tariq , then aged 19 , later told police the baby girl did not cry and she decided to put the infant face down in a shoebox which she put under her bed .
She carried on as normal the next day , sitting a mock exam .
After three days her mother , Tasleem Akhtar , complained of a bad smell , searched the room and found some soiled bedding .
When she confronted her daughter , she broke down and showed her the hidden baby .
( Image : SWNS.com )
Miss Tariq , giving evidence from behind a screen in Bradford , West Yorks , said she was “ scared and ashamed ” .
She said : “ Every day I wanted to ask someone for help , I do n't know what stopped me . ”
Miss Tariq told her mother she was raped by two men , but later told police this was a lie and said she had been having a secret consensual relationship .
The inquest heard how the women put the box in their car boot . But they did not take it to Airedale Hospital for three days .
The baby 's mother refused to answer 36 questions about the circumstances . She told doctors the child was stillborn .
She was arrested on infanticide charges , but the CPS will not be taking further action .
Coroner Martin Fleming gave a narrative verdict , saying it could not be proved if the baby was “ born alive or stillborn ” .
The landmark election has delivered Mexico a charismatic leader in Andres Manuel López Obrador with an overwhelming mandate to fight corruption and injustice . Photo : AP
The novelist and one-time Peruvian presidential candidate Mario Vargas Llosa once parsed Latin America 's political left into two broad phyla . There were the carnivores , usually strongmen , who trod on democratic institutions and liberties , while railing against foreign predators . Then there were the vegetarian leftists , social democrats at heart who respected democracy , individual freedoms and an enlightened market economy . To which species does Mexico 's President-elect Andrés Manuel López Obrador belong ?
The answer , it seems , depends on the ecosystem . On Sunday , assured of his landslide victory , the silver-topped López Obrador , known to all as AMLO , headed to Mexico City 's storied Zocalo to hail his supporters as a redeemer . Then , in a separate speech to politicians and business leaders , he dialed down , vowed to safeguard fiscal discipline , respect the autonomy of the central bank , and honour agreements with businesses at home and abroad .
Calibrating your message to fit conflicting constituencies is an honoured tradition in Latin America . Consider Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , the iconic former Brazilian leader who ran three failed elections as a leftist hothead before veering hard to the centre , reaching out to business leaders and winning the day with assurances of fiscal sobriety .
López Obrador would do well to study the Brazilian example—not least for its shortcomings . After surprising everyone with his pivot to temperance in 2003 , Lula lost his touch . Instead of leveraging his political capital to enact vital structural reforms , he and his spendthrift successor Dilma Rousseff binged their way through the commodities boom , setting up Brazil for its worst recession on record and converting the region 's most accomplished oil company Petrobas into a trough for partisan cronies . Lula now sits in a jail cell , the biggest catch in the continent 's biggest political corruption scandal .
Can López Obrador avoid the fall and convert the most sweeping mandate in recent Mexican electoral history—including a legislative majority—to solid gains for the region 's second biggest nation and its most globally connected economy ? Like the early Lula , he has long been just a four-letter word to corporate Mexico . After all , he spent decades plumping for Mexico first and state intervention . That does n't mean he 's fated to be a carnivore . As Occidental College Latin Americanist Jennifer Piscopo told my colleague Jonathan Bernstein , López Obrador ran Mexico City as a pragmatist , not a populist , and his likely cabinet picks are technocrats , not ideologues .
There is much to fix in Mexico , but also plenty to preserve . In a region where growth has been erratic , the Mexican economy has been expanding steadily , if moderately , for years . Unemployment ( below 3.3 % ) is at a 12-year low , while trade is robust . To his credit , López Obrador has made stamping out corruption his priority , a welcome banner after the shenanigans of the outgoing Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI , which has presided over scandal upon scandal .
How López Obrador intends to deliver the clean-up is an open question . For all his opposition to politics as usual , he cut his political teeth in the PRI before founding his own party , Morena , in 2014 , and he numbers many former party higher-ups among his closest advisers . Unlike in Brazil , where fearless police and prosecutors and an independent judiciary have driven the anti-graft campaign , in Mexico investigators and courts have too often been part of the problem .
Then there 's the caudillo 's instincts . In the populist tradition , López Obrador prefers referendums to working through cumbersome institutions , like the supreme court . He has an old-school politician 's hostility toward civil society groups , which have been increasingly prominent in Latin American politics and are the wheelhouse of Mexico 's anti-corruption drive . To not just curb but eradicate corruption , as he has promised , he 'll have to strengthen Mexico 's wobbly institutions , hardly the tool of choice of Latin America 's caudillos .
One big doubt is what will become of Mexico 's energy policy , one of Latin America 's biggest turnaround stories . López Obrador has vowed to scour contracts for potential graft—a possibly laudable move—but also to favour national companies and re-evaluate concessions to private drillers and suppliers . That could be a mistake . Outgoing President Enrique Peña Nieto may not be missed , but one thing he got right was energy reform . In 2013 , with oil production declining , he pressed lawmakers to enact a sweeping energy reform that scrapped protectionism and welcomed private drillers . Foreign investment revived Mexican oil even as Argentina , Brazil , Ecuador and Venezuela saw their industries languish due to a costly spasm of renewed resource nationalism . Fortunately for Mexico , the reforms were written into the national constitution , and so will be difficult to repeal , as energy analyst Francisco Monaldi has noted .
Risks still loom for Mexico , not least if the trade quarrels between the US and China and Europe deepen . Those problems may lie beyond López Obrador 's grasp , yet they leave him even less room for error , never mind populist adventure .
The landmark election has delivered Mexico a charismatic leader with an overwhelming mandate to fight corruption and injustice . Doing all that and keeping Latin America 's second largest economy on track would be hard for any incoming president . That 's why what Mexico needs now is an omnivore .
Comments are welcome at theirview @ livemint.com
( Yonhap )
President Moon Jae-in has championed job creation and increased household income as a way to put South Korea on the path of sustainable economic growth that can benefit all people.Moon has vowed to create 810,000 `` quality '' jobs in the public sector during his single five-year term in office that ends in 2022.Last month , the National Assembly , despite some objections , passed the 11.03 trillion-won ( $ 9.8 billion ) supplementary budget bill that aims to create 2,575 central government jobs , giving a much-needed boost to Moon.Asia 's fourth-largest economy has been struggling to create more jobs for people , especially young people.The unemployment rate for young people , aged between 15 and 29 , stood at 9.3 percent in July , much higher than the overall jobless rate of 3.5 percent , according to government data.The chief executive who came to office in May has also vowed to push to make public sector nonregular workers into regular employees with greater job security and higher pay . He has encouraged private businesses to follow suit and increase the number of regular workers on their payrolls.In a move that demonstrated Moon 's commitment to `` income-led growth , '' the government and union representatives agreed on a 16.4 percent hike of the minimum pay to 7,530 won ( $ 6.73 ) for 2018 , with an ultimate goal of reaching 10,000 before the president steps down from office.Moon 's economic policy showed that he is pursuing a so-called trickle-up effect , which means that strengthened welfare for low-income people could lead to rise in spending , which in turn could have positive on the overall economy.The move underscored Moon 's efforts to narrow the yawning gap between the rich and poor.South Korea 's total income distribution released by Statistics Korea reached 9.32 last year , meaning that the top 20 percent income bracket had nine times more earnings than those in the bottom 20 percent.The liberal president 's policy is a departure from measures advocated by past conservative government that pushed for `` trickle down '' economics , a theory that wealth trickles down from big firms to smaller firms , and to mom-and-pop stores and low-income people.Big firms have made more money , though these gains have failed to benefit households as a whole . Many big companies have been accused of hoarding earnings instead of making investments and hiring more workers.Still , some critics question income-led growth , which calls for , among other things , increasing household income and spending with the help of various policy tools to fuel sustainable economic growth.Yun Chang-hyun , a professor of finance at the University of Seoul , said highlighting the good aspects of income-led growth is understandable , and believed it to be good intentioned , but cautioned that the policy is focused in a way that increases burden on employers and can weaken efficiency . He cited rise in minimum wage as a prime case that can lead to this problem.The government has said it will raise tax rates for the `` super-rich '' and big money-making companies in an apparent move to finance Moon 's pledges to create jobs and expand social welfare.Moon 's policy advisory panel has said the government needs 178 trillion won to boost welfare and carry out Moon 's other key campaign promises.Under its biannual tax revision plan , which is subject to parliamentary approval , the government said it will increase the income tax rate from the current 40 percent to 42 percent on people whose taxable income exceeds 500 million won per year.It will also create a new income bracket for those making 300-500 million won with tax rates for these individuals set at 40 percent.At the same time , the government will newly set the highest corporate tax bracket for businesses with taxable income of 200 billion won or more and impose 25 percent rates . Companies with income in the 20-200 billion won range will be subject to the current rate of 22 percent.Separately , the government has vowed to keep a close watch on the real estate market and vowed to root out real estate speculation by taking additional steps , if necessary.Tackling real estate speculation is important because even if personal income goes up , if people have to pay more to buy homes , they will have less money to spend , that will not be helpful in boosting the overall economy.Earlier this month , the government designated all 25 districts in Seoul and two other cities as `` overheated speculative districts '' in a move to stabilize the country 's overheating housing market.The government has , moreover , adopted stricter rules , which require multiple-home owners to pay higher capital gains taxes when they sell their houses . The owners of two houses or more already pay a substantial sum when they sell their homes.As for lending rules , that have been cited for the spike in household debt , the government has reduced the loan-to-value and debt-to-income ratios to 40 percent for home purchases in all the designated speculative and overheating speculative districts.The government is set to unveil comprehensive measures later this month on how to tackle rising household debt.As of end-March , South Korea 's overall household debt came to a record high of 1,360 trillion won , up 11.1 percent from 1,224 trillion won a year earlier.Observers have said the size in household debt has prevented people spending more money , which has hurt domestic consumption and growth . ( Yonhap )
Chili Cook-Off 2017 is coming . Can you feel the excitement in the air ?
Tickets are on sale now but you can also try to win them all week long .
Keep listening to the station for your chance to be Caller 9 and win your way in !
The number is 866-954-0999 .
Winners will receive two tickets to the 2017 KISS 99.9 Chili Cook-Off at C.B . Smith Park in Pembroke Pines , on Sunday , January 29th , 2017 .
* You must be at least 18 years old to enter .
CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE RULES
Thousands of health workers , patients , union members will call on the government to provide more funding for the NHS at protests today .
A march will be held in London to call for more beds , staff and funds to ease the problems facing the service .
Activists will also gather at Leeds General Infirmary and Huddersfield Royal Infirmary as part of the national day of action .
The London event , called 'NHS in crisis : Fix it now ' , is being organised by the People 's Assembly and Health Campaigns Together .
Activists will march through central London from noon before holding an hour-long rally opposite Downing Street .
TUC general secretary Frances O'Grady said : `` Our NHS is in intensive care , starved of the resources necessary to meet the needs of our ageing and diverse society .
`` Meanwhile , brilliant , dedicated staff have suffered year after year of pay misery and are having to do more , with less , for less . ''
Royal College of Nursing president Cecilia Akrisie Anim will address the rally and say : `` Nursing staff are bearing the brunt of the enormous pressures facing the NHS .
`` Staff at every level are experiencing burnout and many of our colleagues are turning their back on jobs they love . It 's no surprise that nursing staff feel overstretched and undervalued . ''
A Department of Health and Social Care spokeswoman said : `` We know the NHS is extremely busy , which is why the government supported it this winter with an additional £437m of funding , and why it was given top priority in the recent budget with an extra £2.8bn allocated over the next two years .
`` Despite the extra pressure that comes with winter , the most recently published monthly figures show hardworking staff treated 55,328 people within four hours every single day , 1,272 more each day than in the same month the previous year . ”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Drugs and knives were seized and four people have been arrested in a crackdown on ‘ county lines ' drug dealing .
Avon and Somerset Police officers targeted specific areas of Weston-super-Mare in a bid to tackle ‘ county line ' drug dealers on Thursday , April 19 .
Mobile patrols were carried out in Grove Park , Worthy Place , and Boulevard resulting in the seizure of Class A and B substances and a machete and another large blade found in a car park .
Officers also attended a number of properties where the practice of ‘ cuckooing ' is suspected to be happening – where dealers invade a vulnerable person 's home to use it as a headquarters for their drug-selling operation , all the while stringing the victim along .
( Image : Northcliffe Media )
Sgt Colin Batchelor said : “ We want dealers to know Weston-super-Mare is a hostile and unwelcoming environment for their activities and whenever we have information relating to drug-related criminal activity , we 'll deal with it robustly .
“ During this day of action we arrested four people – two were released under investigation for further enquiries , one was charged with a breach of a Community Protection Notice and the other was released without charge .
“ We also recovered items including a quantity of suspected class A and B drugs , a machete-style knife , as well as another large knife found in an NCP car park .
“ Just as importantly , we were able to confirm properties in the town which are being used for county line drug-dealing activities so we 're able to use this information to disrupt the criminals ' networks . ”
He added : “ We want the residents of Weston-super-Mare to know we are listening to their concerns and taking action . ”
If you have any information on drug dealing in your area contact the police on 101 or you can report it online .
WASHINGTON -- The comatose American college student released from North Korea must have gone through `` horrendous mistreatment '' in the communist nation , the Washington Post said Wednesday , calling for stronger sanctions on Pyongyang .
University of Virginia student Otto Warmbier , 22 , returned to his Ohio home in a coma after spending 17 months in the North on charges of stealing a political propaganda poster from a hotel .
( Yonhap )
North Korean officials claimed Warmbier fell into a coma in March last year due to `` botulism '' food poisoning . `` He was arrested , tried on spurious charges and evidently subjected to horrendous mistreatment by North Korean authorities.This was outrageous behavior even by the standards of one of the world 's most vicious and isolated regimes . It should not go unpunished , '' the paper said in an editorial.It also said that what happened to Warmbier is the result of `` North Korea 's odious practice of seizing Americans to use as political pawns . '' President Donald Trump should make it a priority to win the release of three other Americans detained in the North , the editorial said . `` The United States should also move quickly to step up sanctions on the regime of Kim Jong-un , which has been racing to develop missiles that can reach the United States with a nuclear warhead , '' it said.American visitors have often been detained in North Korea on charges of anti-state and other unspecified crimes . The widespread views are that the communist nation has used the detentions as bargaining chips in its negotiations with Washington.Kenneth Bae , a Korean-American missionary , served two years of detention in the North before being released in November 2014 when then-US Director of National Intelligence James Clapper made a secret trip to Pyongyang to win his release and that of another US detainee . ( Yonhap )
London : London Police on Tuesday said they have arrested a man for allegedly trying to climb a wall outside Buckingham Palace , noting that it was not a terrorism-related incident .
Buckingham Palace is the official home of 91-year-old Queen Elizabeth II , the longest-reigning monarch in British history .
Officers from the Metropolitan Police 's Royalty and Specialist Protection Command said the 24-year-old-man was arrested `` within three minutes '' on suspicion of trespass last evening .
The suspect was not carrying any offensive weapons and `` the incident is not being treated as terrorist-related '' , the police said in a statement .
`` He was also arrested on suspicion of being in possession of a controlled substance - for which he was subsequently released with no further action , '' police said .
According to the police , the suspect has undergone a mental health assessment and was released on conditional bail , only to return to a central London police station early next month .
A number of people have tried to get unauthorised entry into the palace grounds in recent years .
In August , a 26-year-old sword-wielding man attacked and wounded three police officers outside Buckingham Palace before being arrested .
A woman was arrested in October for attempting to scale the gates of the palace .
Last year in May , a murder convict climbed over the wall and walked for about 10 minutes around the grounds of the palace before being arrested .
Flushed away pet terrapins are damaging pond life and waterfowl , according to bosses at a sea life centre .
Sea Life Manchester say UK aquariums are at capacity and terrapin owners are taking to putting the reptiles down the toilet to avoid being caught illegally releasing them into the wild .
It adds that recent EU invasive alien species regulations now prohibit aquariums from taking in pet terrapins or moving terrapin stock to other aquariums .
As a result , it says , public ponds , canals and lakes are home to large numbers of the terrapins that have survived the journey through Britain 's sewerage plants .
The centre 's lead curator Alan Kwan said : `` People wrongly assume that terrapins are going to be easy to care for . What they do n't realise is they grow from a hand-sized 3cm in length to 30cm , the size of a large dinner plate , and live between 30 and 50 years .
`` Global warming and the resulting rise in temperatures across British waterways is leading to abandoned terrapins breeding and growing in population .
`` Native to Florida , this alien predatory reptile is having a damaging effect on British pondlife and waterfowl with fish , frog , frogspawn and ducklings falling prey . ''
Sea Life Manchester , based at the Trafford Centre , want people to think twice before buying a terrapin as a family pet .
The centre has named one of its 18 rehomed unwanted pet terrapins as Loo to highlight the problem .
Batman Ninja takes a journey across the ages as Gorilla Grodd 's time displacement machine transports many of Batman 's worst enemies to feudal Japan - along with the Dark Knight and a few of his allies . The villains take over the forms of the feudal lords that rule the divided land , with the Joker taking the lead among the warring factions . As his traditional high-tech weaponry is exhausted almost immediately , Batman must rely on his intellect and his allies - including Catwoman and the extended Bat-family - to restore order to the land , and return to present-day Gotham City .
Earlier today over on the official website for Shogakukan 's Monthly Hero 's magazine , the news has been announced that the Batman Ninja anime will be receiving a manga adaptation ! The website posted a cover image for the upcoming July issue that revealed that Masato Hisa will launch the manga adaptation of the Batman Ninja anime in the magazine . The magazine 's July issue will ship in Japan this Friday.Warner Bros describes the story for Batman Ninja as : Check out the official trailer for the Batman Ninja anime down below : What are your thoughts on the announcement of a manga series for Batman Ninja ? Have you seen the anime film yet ? Are you a fan of Batman in a samurai outfit ? Let us know what you thought about the movie by leaving a comment down below ! !
A Delaware bankruptcy court on Thursday approved True Religion 's plan of reorganization , paving the way for the company 's exit from bankruptcy court proceedings.True Religion filed its voluntary Chapter 11 petition for bankruptcy court protection on July 5 , saddled by an overleveraged balance sheet . The high debt load was due to the leverage piled on when TowerBrook Capital Partners acquired the denim company in May 2013 for $ 835 million . At $ 32 a share , the acquisition price represented a premium of 52 percent to the per-share price just before the apparel brand began evaluating its strategic alternatives . The company also was impacted by the macro consumer shift away from brick-and-mortar to online retail channels.According to a court document filed by Dalibor Snyder , True Religion 's chief financial officer , an agreement among certain creditors including TowerBrook to the right-sizing of the denim firm 's balance sheet and provide a fair recovery to all stakeholders resulted in a 71 percent deleveraging of the firm 's balance sheet . The agreement cut the $ 493 million in debt at the time of the Chapter 11 filing down to a proposed $ 139.5 million when the company emerges from bankruptcy court proceedings . Further , the more than $ 386 million of prepetition first-lien claims would be converted into new equity of the reorganized company and new reorganized first-lien loans upon emergence.The bankruptcy filing and the new plan of reorganization also proactively addressed True Religion 's 2019 and 2020 debt maturities.Based in Manhattan Beach , Calif. , the denim brand had been on the watch list of some credit rating agencies . The Chapter 11 filing followed a long list of retailers and brands that have filed for bankruptcy court protection this year . Those filings have included : Papaya Clothing ; Gymboree ; Gander Mountain ; Rue21 ; Payless ; Gordmans ; The Limited and BCBG Max Azria . Unlike many who have gone to the retail graveyard , True Religion has joined a small group ­— Payless and Rue 21 — who get to live to fight another day .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Do you fancy becoming a millionaire ? Well , tonight might be your night .
Tonight 's EuroMillions results
Tonight 's National Lottery Euromillions winning numbers are : 36 , 39 , 34 , 14 , 48 and the Lucky Stars are : 02 , 03
Millionaire Maker Selection : - 2 UK millionaires have been created VDQW29418 and JDQQ05088
Tonight 's National Lottery Thunderball winning numbers are : 11 , 20 , 24 , 25 , 32 and the Thunderball is 05 .
Want to read about what people have done with all their winnings ? There are plenty of stories on our lottery winners page to give you inspiration .
What time is the EuroMillions draw ?
EuroMillions draws take place on Tuesday and Friday evenings from approximately 8.40pm .
You can watch them live on the National Lottery website , or check back here on Mirror Online for results after the draw .
What 's the EuroMillions jackpot tonight ?
Tonight 's estimated jackpot is a whopping £94million .
The biggest ever EuroMillions jackpot was worth €190million . It 's been won three times since the game started in 2004 , and a UK couple were the first to scoop the prize money , matching all five numbers and both Lucky Stars in August 2012 . They pocketed £148,656,000 .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
What do you get for 3 numbers on EuroMillions ?
The estimated prize for three main numbers on the National Lottery website is £9 .
Euromillions prize breakdown
National Lottery have provided an estimated breakdown of prizes winners can expect depending on the numbers they match .
Have you matched some numbers ? Check the table below to see what you might win .
Match Estimated win 5 main numbers + 2 lucky stars Jackpot 5 main numbers + 1 lucky star £227,848.80 5 main numbers £23,586.00 4 main numbers + 2 lucky stars £2,307.30 4 main numbers + 1 lucky star £123.00 3 main numbers + 2 lucky stars £78.00 4 main numbers £43.30 2 main numbers + 2 lucky stars £14.20 3 main numbers + 1 lucky star £10.70 3 main numbers £9.00 1 main number + 2 lucky stars £7.60 2 main numbers + 1 lucky star £6.00 2 main numbers £3.30
What is Euromillions ?
The National Lottery draw launched in 2004 and nine countries across Europe take part .
To play , you simply select five numbers between 1 and 50 , plus two Lucky Star numbers from 1-12 .
If you really ca n't choose and you 're finding the pressure too much , you can always select a Lucky Dip and let the machine choose a random selection for you .
What time can you put the EuroMillions on until ?
Forgotten to buy your ticket and worried you 're running out of time ? Do n't panic .
Ticket sales for both Tuesday and Friday EuroMillions draws close at 7.30pm on the evening of the draw .
If you 've missed out , you can buy your ticket for the next draw almost straight away - sales re-open at 9pm .
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Thursday raised the prospect of a military coup against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , and seemingly praised past military dictatorships as “ agents of change . ”
“ In the history of Venezuela and South American countries , it is often times that the military is the agent of change when things are so bad and the leadership can no longer serve the people , ” Tillerson said during a speech at the University of Texas .
Speaking ahead of a five-nation Latin America tour , the U.S. diplomat insisted the Trump administration was not advocating “ regime change , ” but suggested the Venezuelan leader could flee to ally Cuba .
“ I am sure that he 's got some friends over in Cuba that could give him a nice hacienda on the beach . ”
While also insisting that the United States wanted peaceful “ change ” in the Andean country , he suggested that the sort of violence that ushered in bloody regimes like the one led by General Augusto Pinochet in Chile , was a possibility .
“ Whether that will be the case here or not , I do not know , ” Tillerson added .
Military regimes took hold of much of South America during the 1970 's and 80 's , often by toppling left-leaning governments with the backing of Washington .
These dictatorships , which usurped power in Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Chile , Paraguay and Uruguay , led to some 60,000 deaths , thousands of disappearances and exiles , as well as the use of torture tactics . Victims included dissidents and leftists , union and peasant leaders , priests and nuns , students and teachers , intellectuals and suspected guerrillas .
Tillerson 's comments come as the Venezuelan government and opposition groups reached a ‘ pre-agreement ' on a deal that could help resolve the issues facing the South American nation , including opposition participation in the 2018 presidential elections .
The two sides returned to the Dominican Republic to resume peace negotiations under the mediation of Dominican President Danilo Medina , former Spanish President Jose Luis Rodríguez Zapateroand international delegates from Chile , Bolivia , Nicaragua and San Vicente and the Grenadines .
These round of talks followed two national elections where the governing United Socialist Party of Venezuela swept most of the positions .
Despite the deal , which is slated to be signed on Monday , U.S. officials have stated they will not recognize the results of the Venezuelan elections which are scheduled to take place before the end of April .
The original source of this article is teleSUR Copyright © Telesur teleSUR , 2018
https : //www.globalresearch.ca/tillerson-invokes-possibility-of-pinochet-style-coup-in-venezuela/5628107
All posts to go in here from now on .
_________________
Bin Jesus wrote : Clod has been meeting for illicit blindfold sessions in a dark room with a hot white woman he met online .
Jeremy Kyle reveals that clod has in fact been banging not only a dude , but a his own estranged half chinese son from a former interracial marriage that ended so badly it left him bitter and incredibly racist .
_________________
INTIMIDATING : The graffiti attack on this wall leaves elderly residents inside upset and intimidated .
INTIMIDATING : The graffiti attack on this wall leaves elderly residents inside upset and intimidated . Christian Morrow
INSULTED , intimidated and irate is how some elderly residents are feeling in the face of multiple graffiti attacks on the walls outside their residences at McKillop Place at St Kevin 's Catholic Church by graffiti vandals .
Residents and business owners who contacted Byron Shire News are frustrated , claiming the name of the perpetrators may be known to authorities , yet seem able to operate with impunity vandalising buildings and signs around the town .
Some are calling for perpetrators to be named and shamed .
Meanwhile in Brunswick Heads , owner of the Big Fish Second Hand Shop , Jason Adamek is exasperated by the proliferation of tagging happening in his town .
`` They just spray their tags on everything like dogs pissing on a wall , ” he said .
`` These people are really brazen , it looks like they are actually using their real nicknames .
`` This does n't come out of nowhere ; surely their parents must have seen them practising their tags on their pencil case and the like . ”
Like other property owners who spoke out , Mr Adamek believes the best response is for community members to get pro-active in removing the tags .
`` What do we do in the meantime ? Do we wait for council ? It needs to be fixed instantly , ” he said .
Mr Adamek endorsed the actions of Byron Shire anti-graffiti campaigner Paul Waters who spent a long time fighting the scourge of graffiti in Byron Bay .
He and a group of fellow volunteers kept a can of grey paint in their cars ready to obliterate graffiti as soon as it appeared .
Members of the Bangalow community who spoke to Byron Shire News did so anonymously as they were fearful of retribution from the graffiti vandals .
`` Most of us are pensioners who are seeing the accommodation fees we pay to the church wasted on cleaning up this mess , ” said one elderly female resident .
Michael Matthews , Manager Open Spaces and Resource Recovery at Byron Shire Council , agreed graffiti was an eyesore .
He said it was widely regarded that the best way to deter people who defaced public property was to remove the graffiti quickly , and Council placed a priority on the removal of offensive graffiti .
The removal of graffiti is sometimes undertaken by staff but in many cases it requires specialist skills to prevent damage to the surface of signs and buildings and Council employs a contractor to do this work .
`` I encourage people to report graffiti by calling our Customer Service team on 66267000 or emailing council @ byron.nsw.gov.au so we can get it cleaned off , ” he said .
`` Graffiti is unpleasant and is costly to remove both for Council , and members of the community who have to foot the bill for the cleaning of their fences and walls , ” he said .
Burkinabe police patrol in Ouagadougou following the attack . Photo : AFP
At least one French national was killed in the suspected jihadist attack in Burkina Faso 's capital Ouagadougou that left at least 18 dead , Paris prosecutors said on Monday .
The prosecutors ' anti-terrorism unit has opened an investigation , they said .
French President Emmanuel Macron condemned the overnight assault by presumed jihadists on a Turkish restaurant in Ouagadougou , calling it a `` terrorist attack '' .
Macron , in a statement , also praised the `` effective mobilization '' of the Burkina security forces in ending the assault , which left at least 18 dead in total , including both Burkinabes and foreigners .
Two assailants were also killed by security forces who launched a counter-assault following Sunday night 's attack on the restaurant popular with foreigners , Communications Minister Remis Dandjinou said . It was not clear how many gunmen were involved .
The security operation `` has ended '' but searches are continuing in buildings in the Ouagadougou neighbourhood around the restaurant , Dandjinou told a press briefing early on Monday .
Macron and his counterpart in the former French colony , Roch Marc Christian Kabore , will discuss the situation later on Monday , his office said in a statement .
France remains committed to pursuing the fight against terrorist groups in west Africa and accelerating work to set up a planned Sahel force to fight jihadists , the statement said .
Macron visited the region in early July , when he said he wanted the force , which will initially count some 5,000 troops and begin its operations in Mali , Burkina Faso and Niger , to be operational by the end of August .
The restaurant targeted on Sunday night is just 200 metres ( yards ) from a hotel and cafe targeted in an assault in January 2016 that left 30 people dead and 71 wounded , many of them foreigners . That attack was claimed by the Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ( AQIM ) group .
29-year-old man was sent to hospital with serious injuries
Peel Regional Police are looking for these three men in connection with a brutal assault on a man with autism on March 13 . ( Peel Regional Police )
Police in Ontario say they believe that at least one of three men who beat up a man with autism in the greater Toronto area could be from the Lower Mainland .
Peel Regional Police say the assault happened at the Square One bus terminal in Mississauga on March 13 at about 10:45 p.m .
The 29-year-old man was sitting at the bottom of the stairs of the terminal 's lower level when three men approached .
The suspects surrounded him and “ continued to punch and kick the male multiple times ” before fleeing .
The man was taken to hospital with serious but non-life-threatening injuries .
“ We believe at least one might be from British Columbia , ” said Const . Iryna Yashnyk . “ We 're hoping to get the video out there in case somebody might recognize them . ”
WATCH : Police provide a video of the assault
Note : Footage may be disturbing to some viewers
The first suspect is described as a 5'10 ” South Asian man with a light complexion , short dark beard and short black hair cut . He was wearing a black T-shirt with a red Air Jordan logo and white Jordan lettering , with black track pants and black shoes .
The second suspect is described as a thin , clean shaven 5'10 ” South Asian man with a light complexion . He was wearing a black jacket with a grey horizontal stripe across the chest and a grey vertical stripe along the hood , black track pants and black shoes .
The third suspect is described as an unshaven 5'10 ” South Asian man with a medium complexion . He had a medium build and was wearing a black hoodie with a Nike logo and white Nike lettering along the sleeves , with black track pants and black shoes .
Anyone with any information is asked to call the 12 Division Criminal Investigation Bureau at 905-453-2121 , ext . 1233 , or if they wish to remain anonymous , to call Peel Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 , visit their website or text 27467 with the world ‘ peel ' and their tip .
@ katslepian
katya.slepian @ bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Washington has long been frustrated by Pakistan 's willingness to offer cross-border safe havens to Taliban factions and armed jihadist groups fighting US troops and their Afghan allies . Photo : AP
Washington : US President Donald Trump will dispatch his top diplomatic and military advisors to Pakistan in the coming weeks , turning up the heat on a nuclear-armed ally accused of harbouring terror groups .
Weeks after Trump angrily accused Islamabad of providing safe haven to “ agents of chaos , ” secretary of state Rex Tillerson plans to depart for Pakistan late this month .
He will be followed by secretary of defence Jim Mattis , according to people familiar with the matter in the US and Pakistani .
The one-two punch is designed to drill home Trump 's message that Pakistani state support for jihadist groups has to end , according to officials briefed on the visits .
Washington has long been frustrated by Pakistan 's willingness to offer cross-border safe havens to Taliban factions and armed jihadist groups fighting US troops and their Afghan allies .
The relationship reached the breaking point in 2011 , when President Barack Obama sent commandos into Pakistan in 2011 to kill Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , who was living in a military garrison town .
With little change since then , Trump came to office indicating that Washington 's frustration had reached the point where something had to give .
“ We have been paying Pakistan billions and billions of dollars at the same time they are housing the very terrorists that we are fighting , ” he said in an August address .
But in the six weeks since Trump signalled that tougher tone , there have been precious few signs that the calculus in South Asia has changed .
Mattis told Congress this week that he will try “ one more time ” to “ see if we can make this work . ”
“ To this point , we have not seen any impact on military-to-military relations , ” said one Pentagon official , suggesting any change would not happen after Mattis 's visit .
Visiting Washington , Pakistan 's foreign minister Khawaja Asif appeared unwavering . He lashed out at “ hollow allegations ” about Pakistan harbouring terrorists as “ not acceptable. ” “ That is not the way you talk to 70-year-old friends , ” Asif said bitterly. “ Instead of accusations and threats we should cooperate with each other for the peace in the region , ” he added in confirming Tillerson 's visit .
While professing anger in public , Pakistani officials in private complain about receiving no concrete requests to target the Haqqani network or other groups .
US officials have been reticent to share some intelligence for fear of tipping off targets with links inside Pakistan 's government . Earlier this month , a US drone killed three suspected militants in an attack on a compound in Pakistan 's tribal region .
Pakistani officials also complain of receiving mixed messages from the Trump administration , which is still struggling to find its feet under a mercurial commander-in-chief . A September meeting in New York between vice president Mike Pence and Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi was said to be cordial , despite Trump 's fire and brimstone rhetoric .
“ It was a very good meeting with the vice president , ” said Asif .
After that , Pakistan officials said , they were surprised at a tougher tone outlined in public by Mattis and in private by Trump 's national security advisor HR McMaster .
Some optimists point to a visit by Pakistan 's army chief to Kabul as evidence that Islamabad is moderating , after years of support propping up the Taliban . But many , having watched this debate for decades , are less convinced . The Taliban and groups like Lashkar-e-Taiba , they argue , remain a potent tool in the hands of Pakistani intelligence .
“ Of course they do n't get the message ” said Christine Fair , a South Asia expert at Georgetown University . “ Pakistan is not going to do anything different than its already doing unless the administration can figure out a way to do what no administration has previously done . That is basically to call Pakistan 's bluff and impose some meaningful punishment . ”
Trump has warned that military aid—which was halved between 2012 and 2016—could be cut further , a move that Fair dismisses as insufficient . “ It 's basically saying that we 're going to cut back the money the US taxpayer is giving to Pakistan , ” she said . “ That 's not punishment . Pakistan is not entitled to our money . What they are really talking about is giving Pakistan less of an allowance . ”
Policymakers have considered revoking Pakistan 's non-NATO ally status , with deep symbolic but limited practical impact . Punitive economic sanctions—that could force Pakistan closer to China , Russia or Turkey —seem a long way off .
And Pakistan remains vital for the United States as a route to resupply its forces in Afghanistan and for supplying the Afghan army .
TUCKED away in the mountains of Goonengerry , just 40 minutes away from Lismore , Dr Gregory Smith lived alone in the forest for the best part of 10 years .
With a childhood tainted by violence and abuse , and a past riddled with homelessness , substance abuse and criminal offences , Gregory found his sanctuary beneath the ferns and the canopies of Goonengerry 's forest .
Having been removed from school at 14 by his father , Gregory worked hard to obtain a PhD after returning to society in the late 90s , and has gone on to detail his unbelievable experiences in his novel , Out of the Forest .
After being approached by one of his colleagues at Southern Cross University where he now teaches , Gregory returned to the forest where he initially toyed with the idea of writing his novel .
`` I was really confused about writing the book , and so I went and I sat in there and meditated in there for quite a long time and made that decision , '' Gregory said .
`` I was a Forgotten Australian , and through the process of doing that PhD I came to terms with a lot of things , and so my attitude by that time was , well , I 've got nothing else to hide - it 's time to tell the story . ''
The experience , which Gregory described as `` cathartic '' , continues to connect him with people from his past .
`` I 've already got the most out of this book , I 've reconnected with more of my family , with my sisters , and I mean if nothing else happens I 'm happy , '' he said .
At the book 's launch in Mullumbimby last Wednesday , he even reconnected with The Professor , a character within the novel who he had n't seen in 18 or 19 years .
`` If it [ the book ] can help someone then yeah , even better , '' he said . `` I understand that sort of pain and if it only helps one person , then this whole venture has been worth it . ''
Gregory , who now lives in Coffs Harbour , spent years before living in the forest , sleeping on the streets .
Now , however , he is working hard teaching social sciences and even has another book in the making .
`` I think 10-year-old Gregory would be quite proud of 63-year-old Gregory , because 63-year-old Gregory , well , I feel like he is probably one of the wealthiest human beings on this planet . ''
Gregory will be attending the Byron Writers Festival from August 3 to August 5 .
WWE News : Charlotte tells Ronda Rousey to `` get in line ''
Charlotte Flair is keen to wrestle Ronda Rousey .
by Anirudh Balasubramaniam News 14 Aug 2017 , 17:46 IST
Will Ronda Rousey and Charlotte Flair lock horns in the WWE ?
What 's the story ?
During a trip to promote an upcoming event in Shenzhen , the South China Morning Post asked Charlotte about the prospect of Ronda Rousey joining the WWE .
The Queen of SmackDown Live facetiously replied that the former UFC Women 's Bantamweight Champion had to `` get in line ''
In case you did n't know ...
Ever since her appearance at the Mae Young Classic tapings , there has been plenty of speculation about Rousey potentially stepping into the ring at a WWE pay-per-view . In fact , a report from Fightful.com even suggested that the California native was training with Brian Kendrick for a match in the future .
Also read : 5 Female Superstars that can be WWE 's Ronda Rousey
However , Triple H did n't appear to be particularly optimistic about Rousey wrestling in the WWE . During an interview with CBS Sports , he said that the MMA standout was planning to get married and was unsure about diving headfirst into a new career .
The heart of the matter
Even though Charlotte appeared to be Jocular at first , she did express a great deal of respect for Ronda Rousey . The former Women 's Champion stated that she wanted to be the first person to face Rousey in the WWE . She said :
`` Ronda would n't be my dream opponent , but if WWE was something she would want to consider , I would definitely want to be her first competitor. ``
Charlotte also said that WWE 's version of the Four Horsewomen would best their MMA counterparts .
`` We 're the real four horsewomen – I have the lineage ! They do n't stand a chance . ''
What 's next ?
Ronda Rousey has n't entered the Octagon since her loss to Amanda Nunes at UFC 207 on December 30 , 2016 . Even though she is n't likely to have an extended run in professional wrestling , another WrestleMania appearance is almost inevitable .
Author 's take
MMA has been intertwined with professional wrestling ever since its inception . As long as both of these art forms are a part of popular culture , we will always have characters who have a role to play in both worlds .
Send us news tips at fightclub @ sportskeeda.com
TORONTO -- Mookie Betts , Hanley Ramirez and Eduardo Nunez all received off days Sunday in Oakland , but all three are back in the Red Sox lineup today vs. the Blue Jays .
Boston and Toronto play the first of three games at 7:07 p.m. here at Rogers Centre .
Brock Holt will play shortstop . He 's 9-for-25 ( .360 ) with three doubles , one homer and four RBIs in his past six games . He went 1-for-16 ( .063 ) in his first seven games ( five starts ) .
Rick Porcello will start for Boston . He 's 4-6 with a 4.99 ERA and 1.32 WHIP in 11 outings ( 10 starts ) during his career at Rogers Centre . But he went 1-1 with a 0.66 ERA in two starts here last year .
Sandy Leon has caught all of Porcello 's starts so far .
RED SOX LINEUP :
1 . Mookie Betts
2 . Andrew Benintendi
3 . Hanley Ramirez
4 . J.D . Martinez
5 . Rafael Devers
6 . Eduardo Nunez
7 . Jackie Bradley Jr .
8 . Sandy Leon
9 . Brock Holt
Pitching matchup : RHP Rick Porcello ( 4-0 , 1.40 ) vs. LHP JA Happ ( 3-1 , 4.50 )
× U.S. lost 33,000 jobs after major storms batter the South
WASHINGTON ( AP ) _ The U.S. lost 33,000 jobs in September after Hurricanes Harvey and Irma hit Texas , Florida and other Southeastern states . It was the first decline in six years .
The Labor Department says the unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent , the lowest level since February 2001 .
Looking past the hurricanes ' impact , the job market and economy generally look healthy . Some economists expect job growth to rebound in the coming months as businesses in the area reopen and construction companies ramp up repair and renovation work .
Last month 's drop was driven by huge losses in at restaurants and bars , which shed 105,000 jobs , a sign of the damage to Florida 's tourism industry .
Have you thought about volunteering in 2018 ?
Crich Tramway Village , home of the National Tramway Museum , is looking for enthusiastic individuals to join their volunteer tram crew for their vintage trams .
You need to be of smart appearance with good customer service skills with a minimum age of 16 . Training will be given to successful applicants , starting as a conductor/guard . After two years as a qualified conductor , and subject to holding a full DVLA car licence , you could also apply to be a tram driver .
To read more , see Crich notes .
Discounted accommodation is on offer for those travelling from afar , and there are currently more than 150 volunteers who come from all over the UK and Europe .
Some volunteers have gone on to secure employment after gaining valuable experience at Crich Tramway Village .
Volunteer conductor at Crich and LRV Driver ( tram driver ) at Metrolink in Manchester , Joseph Burberry , said : “ I started volunteering in 2012 after an Ultimate Driving Experience at Crich . I started as a conductor , which is a great role because you get to meet so many new people and make some great friends at the same time . Even if you believe you are too shy to have a go at something like conducting , you 'd be surprised at how doing a role like this can bring you out of your shell . The skills you learn here are great for any future career you go into within the railway industry .
“ The skills and job experience I have gained while at Crich Tramway Village have helped me enormously to get my dream job at Manchester 's Metrolink . There are n't many people who can say they had a licence to drive first generation trams before the second- generation trams . It 's a great thing to add to your C.V. ! ”
If you are interested in becoming part of our volunteer Tram Crew , email volunteering @ tramway.co.uk or complete our enquiry form on www.tramway.co.uk
Afro-soul star Amanda Black was chased off stage before she could perform at the Mapungubwe Music Festival in Limpopo on Saturday .
Born Amanda Antony , the singer was booked along with Judith Sephuma , Joe Shirimani , Selaelo Selota and Candy Mokwena to perform at the Polokwane Cricket Club .
The festival was hosted by the Limpopo department of sport , arts and culture .
Black said on Twitter there was an altercation where her band member was slapped in the face and one of the organisers allegedly threatened them with a firearm .
The Eastern Cape-born singer took to social media to voice her frustration about what happened .
She tweeted : `` There was a mix-up in terms of time slot . But we arrived on time at the venue . When we were about to start the set , we were told to leave the stage to make way for another artist .
`` There was this guy who shouted at us , saying we were not going to perform . He slapped a band member for taking pictures . He even pointed a gun to us ( sic ) . ''
Provincial police spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Moatshe Ngoepe said no case had been opened .
`` The police were aware of the allegations of the pointing of firearm , but could not open the case because we are still verifying some facts . ''
Departmental spokesman Moloko Moloto said : `` We 're extremely disturbed by allegations that someone threatened Amanda Black or other artists with a gun . ''
He said the department would hold a meeting today to determine what transpired .
Black did not answer her phone yesterday and attempts to contact Ambitiouz Entertainment 's PR department proved fruitless .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Researcher Says Rate Employment Does n't Accurately Represent Black America NPR 's Mary Louise Kelly talks with Andre Perry of the Brookings Institution about the jobs report from September and how full employment has not reached black America .
For Sanam Sindhi , someone likely better known by her Instagram handle @ trustmedaddy , the web and its apps have shaped the course of her entire adult life . Over lunch and a little recreational , finally legal green , the New York to LA transplant goes into the details .
“ I do n't smoke other people 's weed . I also do n't smoke weed during the day , ” Sindhi says , but for CR she 'll make an exception . She prefers vape pens like TSTY Farms , which she deems `` not as cute as holding a joint . ''
“ Tuesdays and Saturdays are my big weed days , ” she explains . “ Sunday is a chill day for me , so I can smoke a shit ton of weed on a Saturday night . I know I have a whole day to recover . I know Wednesday is a chill day at the office , so I can smoke a little bit of weed on a Tuesday before I go to bed . ”
Alyssa Shapiro
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Sindhi , now 26 , first came into the public eye when she was Insta-scouted by Rihanna to co-star in the bad gal 's controversial music video for “ Bitch Better Have My Money. ” The subsequent Instagram fame led to a gaggle of side hustles ( including a radio show on NTS , DJ gigs , casting , and modeling , ) and it has even led to the manifestation of Sindhi 's first “ big girl ” office job at Jeffrey Campbell , where she is tasked with re-crafting the brand 's image through media relations and creative direction . It 's a job Sindhi , who dropped out of high school at 17 , would n't likely have without her following .
Her trajectory is a sign of a very specific time . “ In Instagram culture , you have to be doing five million things , '' she says . `` How do you even survive doing one job ? It 's not viable in 2018 ; no one pays you enough to make ends meet . But there 's so much more space now to pursue the things you want to do . I could n't do any of the things I 'm doing without my visibility on the internet . And I could n't have done this 10 years ago . ”
Shoutout to my ancestors A post shared by @ sanam on Mar 16 , 2017 at 5:19pm PDT
This work set up is just a little bit different from the one she imagined for herself as a little girl . “ The first thing I remember wanting to be been a stripper , ” Sindhi says . “ I do n't even know where I learned about sex work in general , but I 've been a pretty hyper-sexual person since I was a kid. ” These aspirations of stripping , according to Sindhi , had nothing to do with adult examples around her—she says there were n't any .
Alyssa Shapiro
“ I always held sex workers in a very high regard , '' she says . `` I understood that these are people that deserve respect . It 's not that fucking hard to respect women , and it 's not that fucking hard to respect sex workers . ''
Sindhi also grappled with her role as a more public figure and whether or not that dictated any sort of responsibility to impart some knowledge . “ It 's hard for me to be around people who need to be taught to respect women , '' she says . `` It 's not my fucking responsibility to teach people how to be better at life , ” she says . ''
Unsurprisingly , by adolescence this sexual curiosity landed Sindhi in AOL chatrooms , in which questions like “ A/S/L ? ” and “ Wan na cyber ? ” were de rigueur . Sindhi even met her now ex-husband on MySpace—she was 18-years-old when they married , and he was 30 . Her experimentation with drugs came at an even earlier age .
Alyssa Shapiro
“ I 've been smoking since I was 14 , '' she says . `` It always gave me mad anxiety and made me super nauseous . When I lived in Seattle I started smoking weed again and I was like , ‘ Oh shit , I love weed ! ' Because I was n't smoking mids and street weed anymore . It was hella good . ''
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Prior to the fame , Sindhi had seen tougher times , frequently staying up all night when she could n't find a place to crash , knowing full well how dangerous and out of the question it would be to sleep at a bus stop . “ People do n't realize that when Rihanna found me , my 10,000 followers felt like a huge deal . I worked at a plant store and made like $ 10 an hour , ” she explains .
Instagram trustmedaddy
Cut to just three years later , and Sindhi is living in Los Angeles 's downtown Fashion District , working an office job five days per week , squeezing in casting sessions for brands like No Sesso , and DJing for Interscope 's holiday party in the little spare time that 's left . She may be rigging her car to start before the drive to get lunch ( someone stole the battery ) , but she 's wearing Gaultier and Phlemuns , has a stable roof over her head , and is happily single .
Stolen car battery and all , Sindhi is full of gratitude for her current setup . And all thanks to her new status , Sindhi 's fun comes to her without cost from loose sponsorships and gifting . “ A lot of weed companies give me weed . I 've never paid for weed in my life , so a lot of times when I do n't smoke weed is just when it 's not around , ” she says .
When it comes to her social media presence , Sindhi does n't mind the detractors or those who question why she has such a huge following in the first place .
“ Instagram is a whole mess , but yes , it did change my life , ” Sindhi says . “ A lot of people have been like , ‘ Oh you 're a wash , what did you even do after the Rihanna video ? ' And I 'm totally fine with people not knowing what I do or who I am or why I have so many Instagram followers . Do n't worry about it . I 'm working , I 'm making money , I 'm staying cute , I 'm minding my business . I 'm working on myself , and on being a good person , and being happy . ”
You can not post new topics in this forum
You can not reply to topics in this forum
You can not edit your posts in this forum
You can not delete your posts in this forum
You can not post attachments in this forum
Community groups , schools and good causes across East Dunbartonshire are being given the chance to each win £500 worth of vouchers to purchase new electrical products as part of an initiative to promote responsible recycling .
The Powering Communities campaign has been put forward by not-for-profit Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment ( WEEE ) producer recycling scheme ( REPIC ) in partnership with East Dunbartonshire Council .
The total prize pot of £5,000 is open to any local community group , school , or good cause .
For your chance to win the cash simply visit www.responsible-recycling.co.uk and fill in the online form .
The New York Comic Con panel for the upcoming Japanese-producedanime featured an all star panel , with some of the best and most famous in the business Japan has to offer . Screenwriter Kazuki Nakashima ( Kill La Kill ) , director Jumpei Mizusaki ( JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure ) , character designer Takashi Okazaki ( Afro Samurai ) , with an interpreter on hand and the English-language screenwriters Leo Chu and Eric Garcia ( Supa Ninjas ) . They will be bringing the film to life , and with such an all star team there are big hopes for its success.Here is a look at the poster offeaturing the Batman wielding a katana for your viewing pleasure ! , will feature many heroes and villians of Batman traveling through time to do battle in time . Stretching from modern day to the middle ages of Japan . The creators all discussed how they wanted to have a balance of eastern and western sensibilities and that by having Batman serve as the western the eastern would flow naturally by his surroundings . They strived to keep the personalities of each character the same and not make them Japanese versions of the characters . Design wise , they did n't want to go overboard so it would appeal to all audiences.When animating the fight scenes live action actors were used to show a more real and fluid motion . Mizusaki talked about filming it first to get it how he envisioned it and then having the animators match the live action shots.The panel then turned to the Chu and Garcia . “ It was very difficult ” Chu said then explained some of the difficulties of creating the film , such as how the crew in Japan would make the movie and then they have to go back and make it more cohesive for the US audiences and show that this is really Batman through Japanese eyes . The style of the film has a meshed tech and a Futile Japan feel to it . They are currently keeping the voice cast a secret and hope to unveil it soon . They showed some amazing footage of the film which had a lot of action and Batman and Joker with katanas fighting on a rooftop in the middle ages of Japan .
Dodgers infielder Muncy matching Babe Ruth 's home run prowess
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 4 // 04 Jul 2018 , 12:43 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Max Muncy
Max Muncy continues to impress in his first year in Los Angeles Dodgers colours with another impressive display as they defeated the Pittsburgh Pirates 8-3 on Tuesday .
With Muncy 's second home run against the Pirates , the 27-year-old slugger was hitting a homer every 9.15 at-bats , as he had 20 HRs in 183 official ABs .
Hank Aaron , who held MLB 's all-time home run record until Barry Bonds surpassed it , never hit a home run more frequently than every 11.625 at-bats ( 1973 ) over an entire season .
Babe Ruth 's best year saw him hit one every nine at-bats ( 1927 ) .
Simply put , Muncy is seeing the ball like very few of the best players in MLB history have ever seen it , which gives him a pretty good argument as an All-Star .
He is now the fastest Dodger to 20 home runs in a season , passing Cody Bellinger who did it in 189 at-bats in 2017 .
SENZATELA STRIKES DOWN GIANTS
Colorado Rockies pitcher Antonio Senzatela had not made a start yet this season , but in his first chance he shut down the San Francisco Giants , tossing seven scoreless innings while allowing just three hits and walking none in an 8-1 victory .
Dallas Keuchel was coming off of a tough game in his last appearance at Globe Life Park in Arlington where he allowed the Texas Rangers 13 hits in 4 1/3 innings .
To see him bounce back in a tough stadium to pitch in by going seven innings while allowing five hits and two runs in a 5-3 win for the Houston Astros was an encouraging sign for the southpaw .
ROARK WHACKED IN HEAVY LOSS
Washington Nationals starter Tanner Roark was a good soldier and ate up seven innings , but he got shellacked in the process , giving up nine runs and 10 hits in an 11-4 loss to the Boston Red Sox .
Chicago Cubs second baseman Javier Baez went 0 for 4 with three strikeouts , but his team still came away with a 5-3 win over the Detroit Tigers , despite one of their best hitters having a bad day .
RAPID HAMILTON SETS RECORD
Billy Hamilton set MLB 's record for stolen bases in a season with 155 in 2012 . Why ? Because he is inhumanly fast . That helped a lot in this catch .
It did not help the Cincinnati Reds win though , as they fell to the Chicago White Sox 12-8 in 12 innings .
TUESDAY 'S RESULTS
Chicago Cubs 5-3 Detroit Tigers
Milwaukee Brewers 2-0 Minnesota Twins
Boston Red Sox 11-4 Washington Nationals
Philadelphia Phillies 3-2 Baltimore Orioles
New York Yankees 8-5 Atlanta Braves
Toronto Blue Jays 8-6 New York Mets
Chicago White Sox 12-8 Cincinnati Reds
Tampa Bay Rays 9-6 Miami Marlins
Houston Astros 5-3 Texas Rangers
Colorado Rockies 8-1 San Francisco Giants
Cleveland Indians 6-4 Kansas City Royals
Oakland Athletics 6-2 San Diego Padres
Arizona Diamondbacks 4-2 St Louis Cardinals
Los Angeles Dodgers 8-3 Pittsburgh Pirates
Seattle Mariners 4-1 Los Angeles Angels
TWINS AT BREWERS
The Twins have not lived up to expectations this year , but that has little to do with Jose Berrios ( 8-6 , 3.52 ERA ) who takes the bump for Minnesota against Chase Anderson ( 6-6 , 4.18 ERA ) for the Brewers . Also , make sure to pay attention to what Jesus Aguilar is doing for Milwaukee . He is hitting .308 with 19 home runs and 55 RBIs and deserves attention in 2018 .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Mark Wright took his wife Michelle Keegan out for a romantic evening for Valentine 's Day .
And the Our Girl actress clearly appreciated the gesture from her husband of nearly two years as she planted a big kiss on his cheek .
Michelle , 29 , made a big effort for date night in an embroidered black dress from her Lipsy collection .
She took a selfie declaring herself “ Valentine 's Day ready ” before she left home .
( Photo : Instagram/Michelle Keegan )
Michelle accentuated her pout with Revlon Ultra HD gel lipstick as she prepared for her night out .
She wore her dark hair swept on top of her head in a messy topknot .
Sharing a photo on Instagram , Mark commented : “ My Valentine , My Wife , @ michkeegan . ”
( Photo : Instagram/Mark Wright )
Last month it was reported that Michelle was concerned her past may be about to become public knowledge .
Brad Howard , 29 , who dated the former Corrie star for two years before they split back in 2010 , has signed up to take part in Love Island 's latest series .
While the pair split amicably , insiders are claiming that Michelle 's hubby , Mark Wright , is fuming at the thought of his wife being embarrassed on national television .
( Photo : Lipsy London )
( Photo : Instagram/bradhoward3 )
`` Mark 's very protective of Michelle , so he 's seeing ed . He says , if Brad blabs one thing out of line , he 'll have to meet him in person , '' a source told Closer .
`` The relationship was years ago and Michelle says she has nothing to hide . However , she has already said she wo n't be watching Love Island if Brad is on it , as she thinks he could just be fame hungry . ''
Michelle previously spoke warmly of Brad in an old interview with Daily Mail , saying : “ Brad is very supportive of my career . If I have a long day filming , he wo n't moan if he does n't see me .
( Photo : Getty Images )
`` Whenever male fans come up to me in the street , he always takes a step back . I think the only time he gets annoyed is when we 're having a romantic meal in a restaurant and people come over . But he understands it 's part of the job .
`` Brad does have a really kind and thoughtful side to him . He looks after my sausage dog Phoebe when I 'm working and he surprised me with a trip to Las Vegas as a Christmas present and recently took me away to a spa in Bath for a few days . ''
Despite claims Brad 's role on the series is confirmed , a rep for the show told Mirror Celeb : `` Applications for the next series are still open and no decisions have been made on cast . ''
It comes as Michelle and sister Jessica Wright went all out for the Mark 's 30th , with the latter sharing a sweet group snap as the birthday boy looked over the moon as he cuddled up to his stunning wife .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A terrified mum called police claiming she could 'see her children like ghosts ' , prompting officers to attend the scene , it has emerged .
Another member of the public contacted cops believing he had seen a UFO near woodland in Devon , which had `` shot off into the stars '' .
And one man told officers he was a vampire and drinking his own blood .
The cases were among more than a dozen revealed in new figures from Devon and Cornwall Police , obtained by The Plymouth Herald .
The force has been called to reports of ghosts , vampires , zombies and paranormal activity 17 times over the past three years .
( Image : AFP )
Among the reports were also calls about ghosts trying to break into a house , a neighbour 'coming through a wall ' and zombies in the street .
In many cases , officers attended the scene . The force said that police `` would not routinely attend an incident for the report of paranormal activity '' .
But a spokesman added : `` An officer will however attend if there is concern for welfare for either the caller or another individual or where there is reason to believe an offence may have occurred .
Cops say the reports are `` not indicative of the supernatural or paranormal '' presences in the county . Instead , the logs suggest issues such as mental health and alcohol are more likely responsible than demonic forces , they say .
The figures from Devon and Cornwall Police reveal the date , policing area and summary of each report . Below , is the list in full ...
July 2015 - South Devon - Caller states he is a vampire and drinking his own blood ( police attended )
July 2015 - Plymouth - Reporting person believes a ghost is trying to break in ( police attended )
July 2015 - South Devon - 3 to 4 persons seen dressed as zombies ( police attended )
Aug 2015 - South Devon - Caller states his friend is hallucinating and saw a female ghost ( police did not attend )
Aug 2015 - South Devon - Reporting person has concerns over friend who is seeing ghosts of her dead mother ( police attended )
Sept 2015 - South Devon - Caller has heard noises in the loft and thinks it could be supernatural ( police attended )
Dec 2015 - North & West Devon - Caller requested police and said there were zombies outside ( police did not attend )
Dec 2015 - Exeter , East & Mid Devon - Caller claimed neighbour came through the wall like a ghost ( police did not attend )
Feb 2016 - South Devon - Caller has stated she was raped by a ghost . There are mental health issues involved ( police attended )
Feb 2016 - Plymouth - Caller can see her children like ghosts ( police attended )
June 2016 - North & West Devon - Caller is worried about relative who states he is a ghost ( police attended )
Sept 2016 - Plymouth - Caller believed she is seeing things included a ghost ( police attended )
Oct 2016 - Plymouth - Caller states he 's seen a UFO near the woods . It `` shot off into the stars '' after hovering over his head . Caller was recorded as sounding intoxicated ( Police did not attend )
Nov 2016 - Plymouth - Caller has now come back on the phone after swearing to someone - he is now saying he has a ghost in the house ( police attended )
Jan 2017 - South Devon - Male says the sunshine is burning him and he is a vampire ( police attended )
March 2017 - Plymouth - Concern for friend whose mental health has gotten worse in the sense that he has been saying people are ghosts and other strange things ( police did not attend )
Sept 2017 - Exeter , East & Mid Devon - Caller mentioning ghosts inside their house ( police attended )
The Devon and Cornwall Police spokesman said : `` Police would not routinely attend an incident for the report of paranormal activity .
`` An officer will however attend if there is concern for welfare for either the caller or another individual or where there is reason to believe an offence may have occurred .
`` Several of these incidents involved individuals with mental health issues and are therefore not indicative of the supernatural or paranormal . ''
Yorkshire Bishop John Sentamu took to Twitter last night during the World Cup game to show his passionate support for England , who played against Columbia .
He first tweeted before the game began , expressing his support for the team , before continuing to tweet throughout the game . Bishop Sentamu showed his support for England and urged them to keep their composure and to score more goals .
Bishop Sentamu did take a break from Twitter during extra time and the penalty shootout , but then returned once again to express his delight that England had won .
Kagiso Rabada 's appeal hearing had dragged on for more than four hours when Dean Elgar sat down to talk to the press at Newlands on Monday .
Elgar had come to discuss the finer points of a series poised at 1-1 after South Africa 's rousing fightback to win the second Test at St George 's Park by six wickets — a series that will resume in Cape Town on Thursday .
But Rabada 's hearing was uppermost . Except for Elgar .
“ As players we do n't have influence over what has happened in the hearing or what could happen‚ ” he said .
“ But it would be nice to put it behind us .
“ There 's been so much noise and I think people have actually forgotten that there 's such a great series happening between two extremely strong and competitive teams .
“ Whether ‘ KG ' [ Rabada ] is playing in the third Test or not‚ it 's out of our hands . ”
Rabada is challenging the three demerit points he earned — and with them a two-match ban for an accumulation of eight points — for making contact with Steve Smith 's shoulder during the second Test .
It was one white-hot moment in an intense contest but it 's taking hours of expensive hot air to parse the rights from the wrongs .
That 's hardly surprising considering heavyweight lawyers like Dali Mpofu — Rabada 's representative — are involved .
The case is being heard‚ with the help of video‚ by Michael Heron‚ queen 's counsel and former New Zealand solicitor general .
Although Elgar seemed to take a dim view of the fuss around Rabada 's situation‚ he had praise for the fast bowler .
“ Having him in the side is massive for us . It 's massive for the game . It 's massive for the format . Because ‘ KG ' is an extremely special cricketer . ”
He is .
But best ‘ KG ' and everybody else learns to stay on the right side of the law in a series in which Rabada is the fifth player to be punished by match referee Jeff Crowe . And that in just more than eight days of cricket .
“ It 's been a hectic last two weeks with everything that 's been happening behind the scenes‚ not even the actual cricket-related stuff which people are missing‚ ” Elgar said .
But what 's happened behind the scenes has been sparked by events on the field‚ as Elgar tacitly acknowledged .
“ There 's been a lot of niggle . It comes from both sides .
“ But it 's what you expect when you 're playing against quality opposition . You expect that there 's going to be some niggle and a bit of words .
“ The intensity should be there‚ that 's what makes this format very exciting .
“ I 've been on the receiving end but I 've also given it out‚ in all the right measurements . ”
Elgar 's hopes to “ put it behind us ” are likely to fall on deaf Australian ears .
For that he can thank Vernon Philander . Or whoever it was who‚ Philander claims‚ hacked his Twitter account to post : “ Have n't really seen the footage of this incident but by the looks of this … Steve Smith gave ‘ KG ' the shoulder .
“ He could have avoided any contact but to me he is just as guilty . Trying some football skills to get a penalty ? Pity he did n't dive to top it off . ”
That 's more than enough to keep the enmity between the teams burning brightly .
“ If our banter is anything like it has gone this series I 'm sure it will be brought up at some stage to get under someone 's nerves‚ ” Cameron Bancroft said on Monday .
“ That 's boys being boys playing cricket — who can hurt someone 's feelings the most ?
“ We saw the tweet . It was quite popular for a while . I do n't know if he wrote it or if his account was hacked or not .
“ That 's his opinion‚ is n't it‚ and he 's got to deal with the consequences of that now‚ not us . ”
Elgar had no doubt the streetwise Philander knew what was coming his way‚ fairly or not .
“ I think he 'll take it in his stride‚ like ‘ Vern ' does . He 's quite a relaxed human being‚ but on the field he 's as competitive as anyone else .
“ He 's got a set of skills that helps us out as a team and knowing Vernon I 'm sure he 'll take it in his stride .
“ I 'm sure he 's going to expect that they 're going to come out and say something to him on the field . ”
More than an hour after Elgar spoke‚ Rabada and the expensive lawyers wrapped things up .
They have until Wednesday to reveal what all that talk — almost six hours worth — has achieved .
Twelve children with special educational needs did not receive new plans for secondary school in time from Peterborough City Council .
Out of 90 SEN pupils moving from primary to secondary school this September , a dozen were without a transitional Education Health Care ( EHC ) plan before the statutory deadline of February 15 .
A Peterborough City Council spokesman said : “ We are pleased with the progress we 've made this year which is a significant improvement on the previous 12 months and we aim to improve further in 2018 .
“ Eighty-seven per cent of Year 6 EHC plans were issued , confirming the school placement , by the February 15 deadline . All remaining plans were completed by March 21 . ”
He added that issuing EHC plans “ continues to be a challenge for councils , ” but that “ these results show we are performing better than a number of neighbouring authorities . ”
Asked what happens if the council misses the deadline , the spokesman replied that the Department for Education “ will contact a council if they have concerns . We have n't been contacted . ”
Nationally , figures obtained by specialist education lawyers Simpson Millar revealed 2,405 children in 103 local authority areas had not received their plans by February 15 .
Cambridgeshire County Council had 152 children needing an EHC plan . According to Simpson Millar it missed the deadline for 36 of them , but the county council said it was actually 28 , with eight children not at a stage where their final EHC plan could be issued .
A spokeswoman said : “ The delays were due to us not receiving information about the child 's preferred school in good time . Of those 28 that were late , 46 per cent of these had been issued with a proposed EHC plan naming the school for September 2017 . ”
All plans are now finalised .
Samantha Hale , from Simpson Millar , said : “ Parents of children with special educational needs are understandably often anxious about school changes , and their opportunity to review and challenge the provision set out in these plans is severely hampered if they are not provided on time . ”
She added : “ If the plans are not issued on time , parents who wish to appeal the provision set out in it might not be able to have it heard by a tribunal . ”
EASTHAMPTON - Deli Williams and her sister Allhdene , two black women who live in Springfield , drove past Nashawannuck Pond on Monday evening , looking for the Log Cabin , roughly 2 1/2 away miles in Holyoke .
They were `` surprised '' to see several dozen white people standing on the boardwalk carrying signs that read `` Black Lives Matter , '' so they pulled over to find out what was going on .
The Williams sisters had stumbled upon a rally against white supremacy , organized by residents of Easthampton who were outraged by Saturday 's fatal attack on an anti-racism protest in Charlottesville , Virginia .
`` It 's very touching , you know ? Very , '' said Deli . `` We 're all together . I 'm happy . ''
The 6 p.m. event was less of a rally and more of a community meet-and-greet . Some attendees carried signs with slogans like `` # NoHateHere , '' in reference to recent racial conflicts at Easthampton High School , and the crowd sang songs together , but most of the focus was on conversation .
Sitting on a bench facing Mount Tom , at the top of which sits the elusive Log Cabin , Deli and Allhdene chatted with anyone and everyone who stopped to say hello .
`` I thought , 'All them white folks , and Black Lives Matter ? I was shocked , ' '' said Allhdene .
Merri Ansara , one of the rally 's organizers , said she was outraged `` at what happened in Charlottesville and at the resurgence of white supremacy and open racism . ''
Ansara attended a massive anti-racism rally in front of Northampton City Hall on Sunday night . She said she wanted to gather with her own neighbors , as well .
`` We 've struggled ourselves in Easthampton with our young people expressing white supremacist ideas , '' said Ansara . `` It 's our right to have differences . ... We need to embrace the fact that we 're all here , and we 're all committed to this country . ''
In recent days , President Donald Trump has been hit with accusations that he is sympathetic to white supremacists , especially after his lukewarm reaction to the attack in Charlottesville .
When James Alex Fields , Jr. , allegedly drove his car into a crowd of people protesting a planned white supremacist rally , killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer and injuring dozens more , Trump blamed agitators `` on many sides . ''
On Monday , two days after the attack by an avowed white supremacist and facing heavy bipartisan pressure to condemn hate groups , Trump made a brief statement to reporters at the White House .
`` Racism is evil , '' said Trump , `` and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists , and other hate groups are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans . ''
Deli Williams said racism is more open in society now that Trump is president .
`` White supremacists , Nazis , Ku Klux Klan , they all said they put him in office , '' she said .
Kae Collins , of Easthampton , said it 's important to show that racists are outnumbered and detested .
`` That 's not the country that we want , '' said Collins , `` and it 's not the community that we want . ''
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COPE , Colo. — A farmer feels grateful to be alive after he was forced to lay in a ditch when he found himself surrounded by three tornadoes Monday .
Aaron Brown told KDVR he was out finishing work in his field near Cope , on the eastern plains of Colorado , when he saw the weather around him take a turn .
“ The storm was coming up pretty quick , ” said Brown .
“ It was pretty intense. ” This farmer says he was surrounded by tornados yesterday when his truck got stuck in the sand . He and three other people hid in a ditch as he watched tornados touch down around him . He spotted three total — two are in this video he shared with us . # KDVR pic.twitter.com/oxtRD337to — Emily Allen FOX31 ( @ EmilyAReports ) May 29 , 2018
Brown and three others tried to drive to safety , but their truck was stuck in the sand in the field . He watched as a tornado touched down in front of him . He turned around to see two more tornadoes on the other side of his truck . The group of four ran to a dry river bank because it was the lowest and safest place they could get to .
“ It was pretty intense . I was pretty scared , ” said Brown .
Eventually , the threat passed , and Brown and his crew walked away unscathed .
“ God is good . That 's all I can say . We were very lucky and blessed , ” said Brown .
In Cope , the Hill 's garage was destroyed during the severe storm . The Hill family was in Greeley when it hit and they found out the extent of the damage when a neighbor called to alert them that their garage was pressed against their house .
“ We are cleaning up , hoping to rebuild . See what the insurance says and go from there , ” said Linda Hill .
On Monday , they spent the day cleaning up and sorting through the debris .
“ Very overwhelming , ” said Linda Hill .
The National Weather Service said there were 14 tornadoes reported between 5 p.m. and 6:30 p.m. in Colorado . The experts were working to confirm the actual number of tornadoes that formed during the severe weather outbreak .
Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White has received complaints about the newly designed Illinois license plates being too difficult to read.The new ones will have a sharper contrast , but the 140,000 plates that are out will not be recalled , said Dave Druker , a secretary of state spokesman.The plates debuted in January.Future plates will have a darker red print and a lighter gray by Abraham Lincoln 's beard and coat.Druker blamed the issue on a manufacturer error.Despite the complaints , Druker said the existing plates do work .
Harsha Bhogle picks his Test XI for 2016
Virat Kohli was picked as the captain in Harsha 's Test XI .
@ rajdeep1494 by Rajdeep Puri News 02 Jan 2017 , 09:34 IST
What 's the Story ?
As the year of 2016 came to an end , we saw a lot of former cricketers and experts pick out their favourite players of the year in all the three formats of the game and compiling them into a team . Renowned Indian cricket expert Harsha Bhogle joined in the trend and picked out his Test XI for the year that went by .
He picked three Englishmen , two Australians , two Indians , two South Africans , one West Indian , and one Sri Lankan in his team , which would be captained by Virat Kohli .
In case you did n't know ...
One of the most loved commentators in India , Harsha Bhogle was controversially dropped from the IPL commentary team in April due to alleged criticism received from Indian cricketers and officials with regards to his commentary in the World T20 held in India last year . Despite fans being outraged about the decision to remove him from the commentary team , Harsha has not yet made a comeback to the commentary box yet .
On September 22 , he joined Cricbuzz as their official “ Voice of Cricket ” and fans get to witness him in a different avatar on their website , and on various social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter where he constantly answers various questions asked to him .
The heart of the matter
Harsha picked Kohli as the captain of his side
Harsha decided to pick West Indies batsman Kraigg Brathwaite and Pakistan 's sensation Azhar Ali to open the batting for his Test XI of 2016 . Despite West Indies not fairing well last year , Harsha felt that Brathwaite showed tremendous character and was the shining light for the Caribbean outfit .
He had no trouble when it came to choosing the middle-order batsmen as he picked three out of the `` Fab 4 ” namely England 's Joe Root , Indian Test captain Virat Kohli , and Australian captain Steve Smith . Ben Stokes and Ravichandran Ashwin were picked as the all-rounders in his side .
He picked another Englishman in the form of Jonny Bairstow to take up the role of wicketkeeper-batsman ahead of South Africa 's Quinton De Kock . There was no hesitation when he picked Mitchell Starc , Rangana Herath , and youngster Kagiso Rabada in the bowling department to complete his team .
What 's next ?
After an eventful year , fans will be looking forward to all the cricketing action in 2017 as well . India 's campaign is set to begin against England in a 3 match ODI series from January 15th after which they will come up against Bangladesh and Australia in a series of test matches . The much awaited ICC Champions Trophy will begin on June 1 , 2017 , after the glamorous Indian Premier League in the months of April and May .
Sportskeeda 's take
There was one surprise exclusion from Harsha 's Test XI of 2016 . Australia 's David Warner , who had a spectacular year with the bat probably should have been picked instead of Brathwaite . The Australian amassed 748 runs in 11 matches at an average of 41.55 with two centuries and two half-centuries to his name in comparison to Brathwaite 's 613 runs in 8 matches .
( Netmarble )
“ Lineage II : Revolution , ” which officially launched in 11 countries across Asia on Wednesday , swept Apple 's App Store rankings in Taiwan , Hong Kong and Macau a day after its release.South Korea 's Netmarble Games said Thursday that its hit mobile-role playing game had clinched the No . 1 spot in the App Store 's app revenue rankings in Hong Kong and Macao.The game ranks No . 2 in terms of app revenue in Thailand , Singapore and the Philippines as well as No . 9 in Malaysia , Netmarble said . “ Lineage II : Revolution ” is also the top-ranked game in the free-to-play game charts in the six mentioned countries , it said.Google Play , the app store for Android smartphone users , has yet to provide its app rankings , Netmarble said.Looking ahead , Netmarble 's mobile game will arrive in Japan within the third quarter of this year and in China , via Tencent , North America and Europe within the fourth quarter of this year , the game maker said. “ Lineage II Revolution ” is a mobile role-playing game based on the storyline and characters of NCSoft 's PC online game “ Lineage , ” which is one of Netmarble 's top-grossing mobile games.Launched exclusively in Korea in December , the game raked in some 206 million won ( $ 183 million ) in revenue in the first month of its launch . The game 's explosive success helped boost Netmarble 's market capitalization ahead of its 2.66 trillion won public listing last month.By Sohn Ji-young ( jys @ heraldcorp.com )
In the cold waters of the North Sea , trawlers catch all manner of unintended things . Garbage , often . Porpoises , sometimes , for the shores of the Netherlands are teeming with hundreds of thousands of them .
But on May 30 , several nautical miles off the Hook of Holland , a boat hauled up something perhaps never before seen by man . Two feet ( 61 centimetres ) long and with two heads .
A photo of the thing began to circulate through the Netherlands - eventually to the inbox of Erwin Kompanje , the curator of mammals at the Natural History Museum in Rotterdam , who was astounded .
He recalled his first thought : `` Where ? ? ''
Where was it , and how soon could he get it into a lab ?
Even today , in an age of science , it might appear to many people to be a two-headed sea monster .
Kompanje knew better , though the truth was no less astounding . He was looking at photos of two conjoined harbor porpoises , newborns sharing a single body , a rarity among rarities in all the oceans in the world .
`` There are only nine cases known until now '' of conjoined twins among cetaceans , said Kompanje , who has studied dolphins , whales and porpoises for 20 years .
`` Even normal twinning is rare ; there 's no room in the womb of the mother for harbouring more than one baby . ''
And the few specimens that had been found were usually undeveloped fetuses , like the 'double monster ' - one head and two bodies - found in the womb of a dolphin caught by herders off the coast of Japan in 1970 .
In 2001 , a bottlenose dolphin calf with two beaks was caught in the Mediterranean Sea , but it was partially decomposed . And these are among the better-documented cases .
The photos Kompanje found himself staring at in shock showed a specimen that - while obviously dead - looked to be in perfect condition .
The brothers ( for he could tell they were male ) must have just been born , he reasoned , for the dorsal fin had not yet risen . And tiny hairs lost soon after birth could be seen on the two faces above the fin .
`` I think it was born alive , '' Kompanje said .
The brothers could n't have survived long . They would have either drowned as two brains told one body to swim different ways , or simply succumbed to their single heart 's failure to pump enough blood .
But whatever happened in their short life , they had by pure luck found their way into a fishing net before nature destroyed their body 's value to science .
Erwin Kompanje
For a researcher hungry for any morsel of information about man 's aquatic mammalian cousins , it was a one-in-a-billion discovery .
So Kompanje got the boss of the fishing crew on the phone - providing the exact coordinates and details of the catch .
The possibilities expanded in the researcher 's mind . Kompanje had been planning an MRI for the porpoises . A CT scan , 3-D imaging . And then , when the research was completed , the brothers might be preserved forever in a museum .
And then , on the phone with the trawler boss , he learned the true end of this strange tale .
`` They thought it was illegal to collect it , '' Kompanje said .
`` They made four photographs and threw it back into the sea . Back into oblivion . ''
In that expanse of deep water , there was no hope of finding it again .
Kompanje did what he could with what evidence was preserved . The fishermen 's photos from the boat were good enough to co-author a paper with another marine researcher , which was published this month , and said what there was to say about the porpoises .
But Kompanje has no illusions . He does not expect to see anything like it again in his lifetime .
`` For a cetologist , '' he said , `` this a real horror . ''
2017 © The Washington Post
This article was originally published by The Washington Post .
CLOSE Wilmington Brew Works , the city first production brewery in more than 60 years , is nearing end of construction and plans to open by the end of June . Jennifer Corbett , Wilmington
Buy Photo Wilmington Brew Works ' 32-ounce crowlers are ready for filling once the brewery opens in June . ( Photo : Jennifer Corbett , The News Journal ) Buy Photo
The tanks are ready , the 32-ounce crowler cans have arrived and Wilmington Brew Works is ready to begin producing an array of IPAs , sours and Belgians at its new Ninth Ward brewery .
There 's just one hitch : they do n't have power yet at the 4,000-square-foot Miller Road brewery , which is hoping to have its electric up and running on June 11 with soft opening events to quickly follow .
Chief Executive Officer and Brewer Craig Wensell says Wilmington 's first production brewery in 64 years is on pace to officially open to all by the end of June , transforming a 102-year-old building filled with history .
Not only will the former site of Harper-Thiel Electroplating Co. house the city 's second new brewery in three months -- Stitch House Brewery opened on Market Street across from The Grand in mid-March -- but it will also be home to separate food vendors .
La Pizzeria Metro , a new wood-fired pizzeria from the veteran pizza-makers behind Cafe Riviera at the Concord Mall , is slated to be one of eateries , says Ralph Pepe , who owns the site with his wife , Rose , along with Talleyville Towne Shoppes . ( Pizza is expected to be added in the fall . )
Pepe says he is also thinking about adding a coffee shop and a pastry-maker , along with a farmers market out front to bring produce into an area of the city where fresh , healthy foods can be hard to find .
Buy Photo Craig Wensell , chief executive officer and head brewer at Wilmington Brew Works , reflects in a door of a beer tank at his brewery that he plans on opening by the end of June . ( Photo : Jennifer Corbett , The News Journal )
Until then , Wilmington Brew Works will team up with food trucks to offer snacks and meals this summer at its rear patio , which sits by the brewery 's 107-spot parking lot .
While a food hall-style area or even a full-service restaurant on site could be a draw , Wilmington Brew Works is the star of the show .
Wensell , who is opening the brewery with four partners , expects to pump out more than 500 barrels of his beers each year . He 's especially eager to experiment with the tart/sour beers that have been grown in popularity , along with different IPA treatments .
The layout of the brewery will be different from just about any other across the state , offering a beer hall-style set-up . The tasting room bar will have no seats -- it is there only for customers to order and grab their drinks , which will include beer , cider and ( eventually ) cocktails .
Instead , there are four eight-foot communal tables with long benches , complete with bench legs that make the letter `` W '' to fit with the brewery 's name . There will also be a 10-foot standing table . The tables were made by Challenge Program , which has provided vocational training on professional construction projects for at-risk youth for 23 years .
Buy Photo Wilmington Brew Works will offer a beer hall-style experience with communal tables at its Miller Road location when it opens in June . ( Photo : Jennifer Corbett , The News Journal )
The idea behind the open layout is to encourage a feeling of community by setting the right conditions for natural engagement between patrons . Instead of a bar where you sit with your friends with little interaction between strangers , this will offer the opposite .
`` We 're not trying to create an alcoholic paradise . We 're more about the atmosphere , the experience people have and creating a different vibe that people want to come back to again and again , '' Wensell , 42 , says of the brewery , which will be open to all ages .
There will also be outdoor patio seating with umbrellas in the front and back of the Spanish colonial-style building with its distinctive red tile roof , all of which was just renovated at a cost of more than $ 1.5 million . The front patio faces Haynes Park , which sits across Miller Road and oftentimes offers a smell of barbecue from summertime family park gatherings .
Live music will eventually be introduced into the mix at Wilmington Brew Works , injecting entertainment into a part of the city without any . ( Wensell is a former music professor and high school music teacher . )
When it comes to taking fresh beer home , 32-ounce crowlers will be immediately available , along with 64-ounce growlers .
Buy Photo Wilmington Brew Works ' Craig Wensell works on his equipment in Wilmington 's Ninth Ward neighborhood . ( Photo : Jennifer Corbett , The News Journal )
The brewery 's ownership group is still deciding on their production line path , unsure whether to can their beers , the most popular current trend , or perhaps bottle them . Wensell himself is a fan of large format bottles , including 750 milliliter `` bomber '' bottles , another option they are considering .
The brewery does have a deal with a distributor , so their beers should eventually land in restaurants and liquor stores .
The No . 1 question that the owners of Wilmington Brew Works hear is , `` Hey , are you guys open yet ? '' They get it from all sides : friends , family , Delaware beer geeks and especially neighborhood folks walking up to their door to check on the progress .
`` The amount of support has been incredible , '' says Derek Berkeley , Wilmington Brew Works ' chief operating officer and tasting room manager . `` We have long , welcoming tables that we hope they will sit at and have conversations with their neighbors and friends . We 're hoping to be an anchor for the community -- a central meeting spot for people to grab a pint and enjoy themselves . ''
Buy Photo Tiles are placed at the tasting room 's bar at Wilmington Brew Works on Miller Road , located at the long-dormant former site of the Harper-Thiel Electroplating Co. ( Photo : Jennifer Corbett , The News Journal )
With the new brewery and eateries preparing to open following the extensive renovations at 3201 Miller Road , the historic site is about to come alive again after being a dormant eyesore for nearly two decades .
The Pepes bought the property in late 2015 for $ 240,00 from the Wilmington Urban Development Action Grant Corp. , a quasi-governmental agency that holds abandoned brownfield projects while they are cleaned .
Built in 1916 , the building was used by Francis Irénée du Pont as an experimental laboratory . It 's believed that inside the building — initially registered under the name The Delaware Chemical Engineering Co. — smokeless gunpowder was developed .
In 1946 , the site was sold to Harry Thiel and his wife , who established the Harper-Thiel Electroplating Co. Harper-Thiel closed in 2000 and the site had remained vacant ever since due to contaminants in the ground , which were remediated by the Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control . DNREC spent about $ 3 million over the past 15 years to make the site safe .
Buy Photo Wilmington Brew Works on Miller Road will offer outdoor patio seating in the front and rear , along with live music . ( Photo : Jennifer Corbett , The News Journal )
With an ownership group of beer lovers in their late 30s and 40s , there is little chance that Wilmington Brew Works will be a spot where millennials will be raging where du Ponts once roamed .
Instead , it will likely reflect the owners ' somewhat more grown-up , professional sensibilities without being stuffy .
`` We 're the forgotten demographic -- as soon as you hit 36 , you might as well not exist anymore , '' Wensell jokes .
Adds Berkeley : `` Our demographic needs some love . Give us some really damn good beer and a cool place to hang out . We 're going to have something for everyone , but we 're going to target more established professionals and families . ''
Contact Ryan Cormier of The News Journal at rcormier @ delawareonline.com or ( 302 ) 324-2863 . Follow him on Facebook ( @ ryancormier ) , Twitter ( @ ryancormier ) and Instagram ( @ ryancormier ) .
Read or Share this story : https : //www.delawareonline.com/story/entertainment/2018/05/30/outdoor-seating-live-music-beer-pizza-headed-wilmington-brew-works-miller-road/650925002/
Time Warp : Shoppers win big during Downtown Scranton Sale Days
Coping Your guide to area support groups ( read more )
Game time : Enjoy Super Bowl on big and little screens The vast majority of people ca n't keep their eyes off their cell phones for more than a few minutes at a time , even while catching something on another screen . ( read more )
Layered taco dip highlights Scranton woman 's Super Bowl spread Today marks the biggest event of the year for Local Flavor 's favorite sport : eating . Super Bowl Sunday means game day food , and we train all year long in hopes of claiming victory over all things delicious . ( read more )
Van Brunt Grill mixes trendy tastes with American mainstays Jim James and Jack Ware worked many facets of the food service industry in their lives . They met when Mr. Ware worked for Mr. James at a fast-food joint while in high school . ( read more )
Scranton woman puts lower-calorie spin on Buffalo chicken When someone thinks about healthy eating , Buffalo chicken wings are n't usually the first dish to come to mind . Unless it 's Elizabeth O'Connor 's Buffalo Cauliflower Rice Chicken , a healthy take on a sports-bar classic . ( read more )
It 's been a rough old ride for some of the Love Island contestants in the past few days . Casa Amor sparked drama on the show and back at home , with 2500 people complaining to Ofcom over the the producers ' manipulation of Dani Dyer . It 's been interesting to see how viewers and the contestants have reacted to the emotions the show 's biggest twist has thrown up . Another islander caught up in the Casa Amor fray was Georgia . When Josh walked back into the villa with new girl Kazimir , Love Island 's Georgia Steel remained composed and managed not to cry in the face of serious pressure . She was left till last and the nation watched her heart basically break on television and she did n't shed a tear . While I understand the impulse , celebrating Georgia 's lack of tears sends out a really restrictive message about how women should react in emotional situations .
Women 's emotions have long been used against them , and crying is often seen as a feminine response . Anyone who has ever choked back tears at work will know just how crying in certain scenarios will apparently undermine your `` credibility . '' While remaining calm and rational , traits usually coded as masculine , only boosts it .
There were lots of posts on social media saying Josh did n't deserve Georgia 's tears , and I get it . I really do . I like everyone else , would much rather see Georgia show her vulnerability to her good friend Dani , who clearly cares about her , rather than Josh , who well , * shrugs * . But would Georgia not have been just as deserving of our support had she dissolved into a puddle of tears at the recoupling or not managed to stop herself full on sobbing while talking to Josh on Wednesday 's show ?
Unfortunately it seems many viewers would n't , because as soon as Georgia 's composure slipped the slightest bit , the Twitter critics went in . There were lots of posts about how she needed to `` get a grip '' or `` pull it together . ''
Love Island shows there 's a double standard around the way we view male and female emotions . It 's true that men have traditionally been discouraged from showing their emotions , and there 's still lots of stigmas around men crying specifically . But during last year 's series male contestants like Chris Hughes were widely praised for showing their emotions , and the islander later fronted a mental health campaign that was based around his tendency to cry .
While this is all great , and I could n't be more on board with the destigmatisation of certain emotions in men —please men , cry more , cry freely — it irks me that while celebrates these kinds of emotions in men , we condemn them in women . Why should n't Georgia be lauded just as much as Chris for her vulnerability ? Why is it that we 're so much keener to praise shows of strength from women than we are vulnerability ?
Love Island on YouTube
I reckon it 's because it plays into the idea that a `` strong woman '' is the only kind of woman worth being . There 's been a lot of focus on strong women in entertainment in recent years , sometimes it feels like any new drama needs to have a strong female lead to be taken seriously . But why should women have to mimic or demonstrate traits that are generally coded as masculine to be given respect ? It sets up vulnerability as the opposite of strength when actually , owning your vulnerability is an incredibly powerful thing to do . And if we are ready to acknowledge this in Love Island 's male contestants , we should do the same for its female ones , in the name of equality if nothing else . And while we 're at it , let 's stop coding certain behaviours as masculine and feminine . Both men and women experience the full range of human emotions , and should both be able to express them in healthy ways , free from gendered judgement .
Improved Tottenham face massive game at home to Chelsea
by Reuters News 02 Jan 2017 , 08:48 IST
Britain Football Soccer - Watford v Tottenham Hotspur - Premier League - Vicarage Road - 1/1/17 Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino with Son Heung-min after the match Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs Livepic
By Martyn Herman
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Tottenham Hotspur have improved on last season 's Premier League title push but the searing pace being set at the top by Chelsea means defeat in Wednesday 's home clash with their London rivals could consign them to also-rans with half the season remaining .
Mauricio Pochettino 's side bagged a fourth consecutive victory on Sunday , launching the New Year with a 4-1 victory at Watford with Harry Kane and Dele Alli scoring two apiece .
It left Tottenham on 39 points from 19 games with 37 goals scored and 14 conceded and only two defeats , none at home .
At the same stage last season , when a first title since 1961 looked a possibility until they faltered in the face of a relentless Leicester City side , they had 35 points from 19 games with 33 goals scored and 15 conceded .
Yet , whereas a year ago Tottenham were right in the thick of the title race , they find themselves in fourth place , 10 points behind Chelsea who on Wednesday could set a new record of 14 consecutive Premier League victories in the same season .
Arsenal is one point better off while second-placed Liverpool have four more points than Pochettino 's outfit .
Kane , who took his tally to 59 goals in 100 Premier Leagues games with his brace at Watford , Alli and influential left back Danny Rose were all withdrawn before the end at Vicarage Road as eyes turned to the visit of Chelsea to White Hart Lane .
`` Chelsea is in an unbelievable situation , '' said Pochettino , whose side 's title hopes were extinguished in May when Chelsea recovered from 2-0 down to draw 2-2 in a stormy encounter at Stamford Bridge .
`` It 's going to be tough for both teams but we play at White Hart Lane and need to be aggressive . We will be very confident and will try to show we are better then them . ''
After successive 4-1 wins on the road , Kane said Tottenham could not be in a better mood ahead of the Chelsea game .
`` We 're excited , it 's a massive game , '' Kane , who has returned to his best form after a slow start to the season , told Tottenham 's website . `` It will be a great atmosphere .
`` We have to be focussed and make sure we put in a good performance . We have reached halfway and are in good shape . ''
Tottenham lost 2-1 at Chelsea in November , having led until just before halftime and Kane said that performance will give them the confidence that they can halt Chelsea 's surge .
`` We know we can beat them , '' he said .
( Reporting by Martyn Herman , editing by Mitch Phillips )
With its release fast approaching , the anticipation for Marvel 's Runaways is in full force . Details on the comic adaptation have been kept under wraps , but Marvel was finally ready to unveil its mysteries at NYCC with an official trailer . Take a look at the show 's first footage below :
The upcoming series plays on the notion that all teens believe their parents are evil , but what happens when that 's actually true ? The # Runaways kids unintentionally find their parents sacrificing an innocent girl to demonic beings — turns out their parents are part of a clandestine criminal organization . Consequently , the group decides to unite to atone for their parents ' crimes , and they each discover their unique abilities along the way . Along with the typical teenage dilemmas , the team must learn to accept independence at a vulnerable time in their lives .
Early reactions to the show have emphasized how # comicbook-accurate it is overall , and the cast certainly looks the part . As the book explored a wide range of concepts within the narrative and character development , it 'll be interesting to see which elements the show will adapt throughout Season 1 .
A remarkable comic like Runaways needs to be done justice in a live-action format . Based on the trailer , it appears that the show will not only exceed our expectations , but also reinvigorate fans ' love for the # MCU .
Runaways will be available to stream on Hulu on November 21 .
Will you be watching this new addition to Marvel 's roster of shows ? Let us know in the comments below !
Rapper tried for assaulting girlfriend
The trial for Korean rapper Iron was to commence Tuesday , on charges that he had assaulted and threatened his girlfriend last year .
Iron , 25-year-old whose real name is Jeong Heon-cheol , was indicted last month on suspicion of hitting his then-girlfriend in September and October of last year .
He will be tried on charges including battery and threatening harm .
The alleged victim had alleged that the supposed assault came first in September when she refused to comply with his demand during sex , and again in October when she announced she is breaking up with him .
But the rapper had claimed that the aforementioned physical assault was consensual , due to the women 's sexual orientation . He claimed that the rumors against him have been greatly exaggerated and he is suffering from the accusations .
Her legal representatives countered by saying that the supposed victim had suffered from Iron releasing her personal information -- including photos and social media accounts -- and spreading false information about her sexual orientation .
The rapper made a name for himself in the mainstream music scene via his 2014 appearance in Mnet 's “ Show Me the Money , ” but he has since been a magnet for trouble and controversy .
Iron 's song “ System “ came under fire for using derogatory terms against homosexuals . Another lyric from a different song depicting how he stabbed a person sent shockwaves across the nation when it was revealed in a 2016 interview to have actually happened .
Later in the year , he was sentenced to eight months in prison , suspended for two years , for smoking marijuana .
By Yoon Min-sik
( minsikyoon @ heraldcorp.com )
FM Radio has been activated with ZenoRadio ! Now our U.S. audience can call in from any phone and listen to our LIVE broadcast .
Here 's a quick look at the top stories of the day :
1 . Shiv Sena attacks Modi again , questions PM 's 'Pakistan meddling in Gujarat ' theory
Ruling BJP 's estranged ally Shiv Sena has attacked Prime Minister Narendra Modi for resorting to `` histrionics '' and taking the ongoing Gujarat election campaign to `` a new low '' . The Maharashtra-based party said that PM Modi `` dug up the graves of the Mughal regime '' in his campaign , instead of speaking about `` vikas '' ( development ) issues , to target the opposition Congress . Read full report
2 . Javed Akhtar clarifies on equating ex-PM Manmohan Singh with God
Noted poet and lyricist Javed Akhtar , who sparked a controversy by equating former prime minister Manmohan Singh with god , has now clarified on his remark . Taking to Twitter , the former Rajya Sabha MP said that he did not equate the two but merely questioned by God was not held accountable for the happenings around . Read full report
3 . Rahul rakes up Una flogging , asks what Modi has done for Dalits
Congress party president-elect Rahul Gandhi 's questions to Prime Minister Narendra Modi continues unabated . In his series of questions on microblogging site Twitter , the Congress leader on Tuesday posted his 14th question for PM Modi . Read full report
4 . Virat Kohli – Anushka Sharma jai mala ceremony video leaked – Watch
Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma are man and wife now . The star cricketer and the Bollywood actress solemnised their Hindu traditional wedding in presence of family and very close friends at a serene venue in the lap of nature in Tuscany , Italy on December 11 . Read full report
5 . North India gets colder after overnight rain , several trains cancelled
Heavy rainfall across parts of north India has brought down the mercury , further intensifying the cold weather conditions . According to the Met department , Western disturbances have caused a heavy rainfall in Delhi-NCR , Rajasthan and triggered snowfall in the Kashmir Valley . Read full report
Researchers at a Kansas college made a list of the most important inventions from each of the 50 states . For example , the steam boat was invented in WV back in 1787 by James Rumsey… Camouflage was invented in VA in 1978 by Jim Crumley . See the full list here .
Sammie Edward Adams , 53 , of Tompkinsville , passed away Wednesday , May 23 , suddenly , at his residence .
Funeral Services will be held at Yokley Trible Funeral at 11 a.m. , on Saturday , May 26th , with visitation on Friday , May 25 , from 5 p.m. , to 8 p.m. , and Saturday , May 26 , from 6 a.m. to 11 a.m. , at Yokley Trible Funeral Home . Interment will follow at the Old Mount Herman Cemetery .
More details will be published in next week 's paper .
Ghana spoils Nishino 's debut , beats Japan 2-0 in friendly
Ghana spoils Nishino 's debut , beats Japan 2-0 in friendly
Associated Press NEWS News 30 May 2018 , 18:49 IST 54 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
YOKOHAMA , Japan ( AP ) — Akira Nishino made his debut as Japan coach on Wednesday in a 2-0 loss to Ghana .
In steady rain at Nissan Stadium , Thomas Partey gave Ghana a 1-0 lead in the ninth minute with free kick from the top of the area . Emmanuel Boateng doubled the advantage from the penalty spot in the 51st .
Nishino , who will name his World Cup squad on Thursday , brought in substitutes Shinji Kagawa and Shinji Ozaki in the second half when Japan created more chances but was unable to beat Ghana goalkeeper Richard Ofori .
`` We had chances but could n't capitalize so it 's a disappointing result , '' Nishino said . `` I 'm still considering many factors before tomorrow 's announcement . ''
After only two weeks working with his players , Nishino opted for experience with defenders Tomoaki Makino , Makoto Hasebe and Maya Yoshida in front of goalkeeper Eiji Kawashima .
Also in the starting 11 was veteran Keisuke Honda , who played at right forward alongside Takashi Usami and Yuya Osako . Honda nearly scored midway through the first half but his angled shot from close range was denied by Ofori .
Japan fired Vahid Halilhodzic last month , only two months before the World Cup opens , and replaced him with Nishino .
In two World Cup warm-up matches , Japan will face Switzerland on June 8 in Lugano , Switzerland , and Paraguay on June 12 in Innsbruck , Austria .
Japan will play in Group H at the World Cup with Colombia , Poland and Senegal in its sixth straight World Cup . It has only twice reached the knockout round , losing both times in the last 16 .
Arsenal 's Alexis Sanchez ( R ) celebrates scoring during the English premier league soccer match between Middlesbrough and Arsenal at the Riverside Stadium in Middlesbrough , Britain , 17 April 2017 . ( EPA-Yonhap )
MIDDLESBROUGH , England -- Goals from Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil ended Arsenal 's run of four successive away defeats with a scratchy 2-1 victory over struggling Middlesbrough in its Premier League clash on Monday.The Gunners ' performance was far from convincing but will still bring some relief to its beleaguered manager Arsene Wenger.There was a period after Alvaro Negredo scored an equalizer when Middlesbrough , who have won only four league games this season , looked capable of going on to claim its fifth scalp.Arsenal is now seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City with a game in hand , while Middlesbrough lie six points from safety and has also played one game fewer than most of the teams above them. “ It ( the top four ) is mathematically still alive , ” Wenger told Sky Sports. “ We knew we needed to win . Now we have a little break with the FA Cup ( they play Manchester City on Sunday in the semifinal ) and then we come back again to the league. ” At least Arsenal 's trip to Teesside began far more smoothly than its previous away game at Crystal Palace when it was caught in London traffic and arrived shortly before the kick-off.The team reached Middlesbrough 's Riverside Stadium with plenty of time to spare , yet there was still a lack of direction on the pitch as they searched for a route to goal in the opening stages.Wenger had made the sort of selection decisions that he usually reserves for cup ties against teams from lower divisions.The French manager announced six changes from the team that lost 3-0 at Palace seven days earlier and , even more significantly , employed wing-backs alongside a defensive trio for the first time since 1997.His tactical alterations did not provide instant results , although they did enjoy the bulk of the early possession and Olivier Giroud ‘ s claims for a penalty when he was floored by Daniel Ayala certainly had some merit.Arsenal 's attacking difficulties was not unexpected because Middlesbrough went into the game after conceding only 37 goals -- two fewer than Wenger 's under-performing side.Marten de Roon headed past the Arsenal goalkeeper Petr Cech midway through the opening half , but was offside -- Middlesbrough was unimaginative and with 42 minutes gone , it were behind.A foul by Adam Clayton on the edge of the area was a gift for Sanchez , the Chilean star flighted his free-kick over the wall and inside the post.It was his 19th Premier League goal of the season and only three fewer than the entire Middlesbrough team going into this game , so it was a surprise that the home side suddenly looked capable of producing a response in the second half.Middlesbrough was immediately on the front foot and levelled inside five minutes after Sanchez lost possession.The hosts broke quickly down the right through Stewart Downing , whose cross was missed by Laurent Koscielny before Negredo steered it past Cech.Suddenly , the game burst into life , with Downing heavily involved . The former England winger wasted an excellent opportunity when George Friend 's cross was allowed to reach him at the far post , then the pair combined again to carve out a chance for Ayala.Downing 's cross was headed back towards goal by Friend and Ayala looked certain to score before he directed his header too close to Cech.Arsenal 's response was impressive in the 63rd minute as Sanchez 's through ball picked out Ozil , but goalkeeper Brad Guzan sensed the danger and did well to save at the feet of the German international.However , the outcome was different in their next confrontation eight minutes later.Sanchez was involved again with a cross that was chested down by Aaron Ramsey , leaving Ozil with the chance to drill Arsenal back in front from close range . ( AFP )
Peterborough Cycling Club rider Paul Pardoe continued his outstanding run of form at the weekend when taking second place in the Eastern Counties Cycle Association 25-Mile Championships .
He just missed out on a sub-50 minute time on the E2/25 course near Newmarket , stopping the clock at 00:50:01 .
Only Paul Heart of Southend Wheelers went quicker with a very strong 48:29 .
This was the third podium finish for Pardoe for the third week running .
He was third in the N & DCA 19-mile time trial at Litchborough the previous weekend and second the weekend before that in the club 's own annual Open 10 mile time trial at Sawtry . Both these events were won by Peterborough 's second claim member Brett Harwood .
BLOEMFONTEIN , South Africa — South Africa openers Aiden Markram and Dean Elgar both made centuries to punish Bangladesh 's decision to bowl first in the second test on Friday .
Markram was 135 not out and Elgar fell for 113 to break their 243-run stand for the opening wicket . South Africa moved to 256-1 at tea on the opening day at Mangaung Oval in what was shaping up to be a repeat of the first test .
Then , Bangladesh misread the pitch , put South Africa in to bat , and the South Africans made 496-3 declared in their first innings on the way to a comfortable victory .
Elgar made a second century in two tests after his 199 in that big first-innings score in the first game . Markram , out for 97 on his debut in the first test , did complete a maiden test hundred this time in Bloemfontein .
He had hit 21 fours and was with Hashim Amla ( 1 not out ) at the tea break . South Africa was moving along swiftly at over 4 1/2 runs an over .
Elgar now has five centuries in 2017 and is the leading scorer in test cricket this year . He and Markram have put on two big opening partnerships in their first two tests playing together , 196 in the opening game and the double-century stand on Friday .
Elgar fell to a short-ball tactic that Bangladesh persevered with through most of the day , and ultimately had success with . Subashis Roy banged in a short one , Elgar went for a hook , and was caught at backward square leg by Mustafizur Rahman .
The touring bowlers reverted to the short stuff after getting little out of the pitch early on . They were also wayward , conceding 38 boundaries in the first two sessions .
Bangladesh made four changes to its lineup for the second and final match , dropping three bowlers and bringing in Subashis , Rubel Hossain and Taijul Islam . South Africa was without injured strike bowler Morne Morkel . Wayne Parnell replaced him .
By The Associated Press
BOSTON -- Ah , right , that 's what the full Marcus Smart experience is like .
Playing for the first time in six weeks , Smart wasted little time acclimating himself to playoff basketball . The Celtics guard checked in with just over four minutes left in the first quarter of Tuesday 's Game 5 against the Bucks .
Then he got to work causing a ruckus .
Smart dove after a loose ball just over 30 seconds checking in , darting across half court and crashing into Matthew Dellavedova . Smart leapt after the ball with his right hand extended -- no small detail considering it 's his first action since UCL surgery on his right thumb -- and showed little regard for the splint on the hand .
Welp . That did n't take long . The Cobra is back ! pic.twitter.com/qD1wHI4iWP -- Marc D'Amico ( @ Marc_DAmico ) April 24 , 2018
The TD Garden roared in approval , even louder than it did when Smart initially checked in .
The whole quarter was vintage Marcus Smart . He drew an offensive foul while guarding Khris Middleton . He converted an and-one on offense . He even got a little carried away , humming a pass into the first row of fans a few minutes in .
Oh . And there 's this : Smart meeting Giannis Antetokounmpo at the rim on an alley-oop attempt .
This is the stuff that Marcus Smart does that no one else can . Without him in Games 1-4 , this is a Giannis slam . In Game 5 with him ? Turnover . pic.twitter.com/7q8TXWSkbD -- Marc D'Amico ( @ Marc_DAmico ) April 24 , 2018
Yep . Marcus Smart is back .
Smart told NBC Boston 's Abby Chin at halftime he was happy with how his thumb responded to game action , too .
PHENIX CITY , Ala. — Residents enjoying the Phenix City Riverwalk were joined by a startling guest Monday .
Viewers sent these photos to WRBL of a bobcat taking a stroll along the Riverwalk disc golf course .
Reporters showed the photos to an expert at Oxbow Meadows Environmental Learning Center . They confirm the sighting was definitely a bobcat , likely looking for food .
The expert also says most bobcats wo n't bother people as long as you do n't provoke or startle them .
WATERLOO — One person has been charged following a two-vehicle collision in Waterloo .
The crash happened just before 7 p.m. on Saturday at the intersection of Northfield Drive West and Weber Street North .
A grey Toyota vehicle driven by a 49-year-old Waterloo man was travelling west on Northfield Drive when it collided with a black Dodge vehicle driven by a 45-year-old woman from Waterloo , said Waterloo Regional Police in a news release .
Both vehicles were 'demolished ' and the female driver had to be extricated from her vehicle by the Waterloo Fire Department .
In this image released by the Metro Nashville Police Department , Travis Reinking poses for a booking photo on Monday , April 23 , 2018 , in Nashville , Tenn . The mentally unstable gunman suspected of killing four people in a late-night shooting at a Waffle House restaurant was arrested near his apartment Monday after hiding from police for more than a day , authorities said . ( Metro Nashville Police Department via AP )
In this image released by the Metro Nashville Police Department , Travis Reinking poses for a booking photo on Monday , April 23 , 2018 , in Nashville , Tenn . The mentally unstable gunman suspected of killing four people in a late-night shooting at a Waffle House restaurant was arrested near his apartment Monday after hiding from police for more than a day , authorities said . ( Metro Nashville Police Department via AP )
NASHVILLE , Tenn. ( AP ) - The man who snatched an AR-15 rifle away from a gunman at a Nashville restaurant told Tennessee lawmakers Tuesday he faced `` the true test of a man , '' drawing a standing ovation during his brief address .
As the House hailed him as a hero , James Shaw Jr. said he acted to save his own life early Sunday at a Waffle House , and saved others in the process .
`` I never thought I 'd be in a room with all the eyes on me , but you know , I 'm very grateful to be here , '' Shaw told House members . The 29-year-old said he has since gone to see some of the shooting victims in the hospital and they all remembered him . He apologized to the people whose loved ones died in the attack .
The Senate also honored Shaw on Tuesday .
Davidson County Sheriff Daron Hall said Tuesday the 29-year-old suspect , Travis Reinking , has been `` compliant '' and `` cooperative '' since he was transferred to the jail late Monday after he was captured near the apartment where he lived . Reinking is wearing a vest known informally as a `` suicide smock '' and will remain under close observation at a maximum-security facility in Nashville .
Also on Tuesday , a Nashville judge revoked the bond shooting suspect 's bond .
Court records show that a judge struck Reinking 's $ 2 million bond until a hearing can be held in May .
An attorney listed as Reinking 's lawyer did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment .
Reinking , 29 , is charged with four counts of criminal homicide . Police say he opened fire outside the Waffle House with an AR-15 rifle and then stormed the restaurant , wearing only a green jacket . Four other people were wounded in the shooting .
Reinking escaped on foot from the restaurant and shed his only item of clothing . By the time he was captured in the woods nearby , police had searched his apartment , and found the key fob to a stolen BMW they had recovered in the parking lot days earlier . The BMW theft had not initially been tied to Reinking .
Police seized multiple items from his apartment including : a Remington rifle with a magazine , cartridges for different calibers of guns , two rifle scopes and gun cleaning equipment . Police also found three books on patents in the apartment , along with a sketchbook , two iPhones and a number of pieces of computer equipment , court records show .
Nashville Police Department Lt. Carlos Lara told reporters Reinking was arrested Monday after detectives were tipped to the suspect 's presence by some construction workers . He carried a black backpack with a silver semi-automatic weapon and .45-caliber ammunition .
The arrest ended a 24-hour manhunt involving more than 160 law enforcement officers , but it left troubling unanswered questions about official responses to months of bizarre behavior before the restaurant attack , including encounters with police in Illinois and Colorado and an arrest at the White House that raised red flags .
Police in Colorado say the co-owner of a business where Reinking worked described him as appearing paranoid and delusional at times . A co-worker told a detective the man was infatuated with Taylor Swift and claimed to be a sovereign citizen .
Last July , Reinking was arrested by the U.S. Secret Service after he entered a restricted area near the White House and refused to leave , saying he wanted to meet President Donald Trump .
The suspect told Washington , D.C. , police he was a sovereign citizen and had a right to inspect the grounds , according to an incident report .
Reinking was not armed at the time , but at the FBI 's request , Illinois police revoked his state firearms card . Four guns , including the AR-15 used in the shootings , were transferred to his father , a procedure allowed under Illinois law .
Tazewell County Sheriff Robert Huston said Jeffrey Reinking pledged he would `` keep the weapons secure and out of the possession of Travis . '' Don Aaron , a Nashville Police spokesman , said Reinking 's father `` has now acknowledged giving them back '' to his son .
Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives special Agent Marcus Watson said Monday that his father 's action is `` potentially a violation of federal law . ''
Phone calls to a number listed for the father went unanswered .
___
Associated Press writers John Raby in Charleston , West Virginia ; Ed White in Detroit ; Michael Kunzelman in Baton Rouge , Louisiana ; Kathleen Foody in Denver , Colorado ; and Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles contributed to this report .
A THOUSAND paddlers will be in town for the largest dragonboat competition to hit the country—the Cebu Dragonboat Fiesta 2017 , which is set on April 28 to 30 at the Cebu Yacht Club in Lapu-Lapu City .
One of the organizers , Nonnie Lopez , relayed to Sun.Star Cebu yesterday that there were already 38 teams on the list with a total of 1,023 paddlers . He said there are three teams from Mindanao , 20 from Visayas , 11 from Luzon and four international teams from the USA , Canada , Hongkong and Africa .
“ We 're still waiting for the confirmation for the teams in Davao , Dipolog , one more team from Dumaguete and two more teams from Manila , ” he said . “ For the international teams , Guam and Korea are also asking about the details regarding the accommodation . ”
The Cebu Dragonboat Fiesta 2017 organizers are waiting for race day before they shatter the most joined dragon boat event record in the country . The most attended dragonboat race was in Palawan last year with 33 squads .
“ We 're overwhelmed by the number of participants . Probably we are getting this because of the location . We are in the central area and it 's easy access for the teams from Mindanao and also Luzon to come here , ” he said .
Lopez added that Cebu is an attraction and most of the paddlers are coming here to join the competition and also to explore the Queen City of the South and its neighboring areas like Bohol .
Lopez said they 're making this event big with a total cost of P500,000 for the medal , plaques and cash prizes in all divisions .
The categories in the event are the elite , all-men 's , club crew , all-women 's , mixed and Under-23 . A total of 13 divisions will be contested . In the elite class , the national team-laden Air Force , Coast Guard , Navy and Army are the perennial contenders for the title .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Another day , another boat .
After shacking up with Topshop heiress , Chloe Green , 26 , over the summer , it seems felon-turn-model Jeremy Meeks , 33 , has become quite comfortable with his new life of yachts and tropical holidays .
As TMZ reports , the model has officially filed for divorce from his wife of eight years , Melissa , requesting joint physical and legal custody of their son , Jeremy Jr - after filing for legal separation in July .
And it seems he 's keen to forget his troubles and blow off some steam ... and take off his pants .
That 's right - spotted aboard a boat in St Barts on October 5 , the one they all `` Hot Felon '' is spending his days getting about a multi-million-dollar mega-yacht with his pants down .
( Image : BACKGRID )
Clutching a glass of wine , now with his shirt off , perhaps he 's engaging in a little dolphin spotting .
( Image : BACKGRID )
( Image : BACKGRID )
Now a household name , known as the Hot Felon - or , my personal favourite , `` Prison Bae '' - he was photographed enjoying some downtime with Chloe and her family , on board of the massive boat .
At times , Jeremy retreated to the sitting area , where he snuggled up to his girlfriend - obviously he has a thing for PDA in or near large bodies of wate r .
( Image : BACKGRID )
The couple only recently made their red carpet debut togethe r , at the Monte-Carlo Gala for the Global Ocean bash , honouring Leonardo DiCaprio , at the Monaco Garnier Opera last Thursday - after Jeremy met Chloe 's mother , Tina , on board the family 's £100m megayacht , Lionheart .
Since first being pictured together in Turkey earlier in the summer , the couple has been inseperable . Much to the distress of Jeremy 's estranged wife , who said of discovering her husband was with Chloe : `` I was in shock . I did n't really know what to do . ''
For those who need a quick refresher : Jeremy became a star when his mug shot went viral following his arrest in June 2014 for assault , after Californian police posted it to Facebook .
( Image : Getty )
The alleged member of gang Northside Gangster Crips served time in federal prison for felony charges of grand theft and possession of a firearm ; he was released in March 2016 .
Signing a modelling deal upon his release , he 's modelled for some big fashion houses since .
And now he 's landed a billionaire 's daughter .
Some people really land on their feet ...
Immigrant Rights Advocates Say The 'Muslim Ban ' Is Already Happening As the Supreme Court weighs the legality of the President 's travel ban , immigrant rights advocates say the administration has already achieved the 'Muslim ban ' Trump talked about during the campaign . Muslim immigration to the U.S. is down sharply in the past year .
U.S. President Trump 's bold support for the apartheid dictatorship of Israel against the nation 's non-Jews , fits into a larger picture of the supremacist nation that America itself has increasingly become . His immediate predecessor , Barack Obama , had repeatedly referred to the United States as being the only indispensable nation — that all others are “ dispensable ” — such as when President Obama addressed America 's future military leaders , at West Point , on 28 May 2014 , by telling them :
The United States is and remains the one indispensable nation . That has been true for the century passed and it will be true for the century to come . … Russia 's aggression toward former Soviet states unnerves capitals in Europe , while China 's economic rise and military reach worries its neighbors . From Brazil to India , rising middle classes compete with us , and governments seek a greater say in global forums . … It will be your generation 's task to respond to this new world .
He was telling the military that America 's economic competition , against the BRICS nations , is a key matter for America 's military , and not only for America 's private corporations ; that U.S. taxpayers fund America 's military at least partially in order to impose the wills and extend the wealth of the stockholders in America 's corporations abroad ; and that the countries against which America is in economic competition are “ dispensable ” but America “ is and remains the one indispensable nation. ” This , supposedly , also authorizes America 's weapons and troops to fight against countries whose “ governments seek a greater say in global forums. ” In other words : Stop the growing economies from growing faster than America 's . There is another name for the American Government 's supremacist ideology . This term is “ fascism . ”
The reality , not talked about in public ( since America is n't a democracy ) , is that the United States Government propagandizes against foreign governments and then perpetrates coups and/or military invasions against them , in order to impose the U.S. empire 's dictatorial stooges , and then to crush whatever democracy had existed there . This U.S. fascism did n't happen only in Iran in 1953 , Guatemala in 1954 , and Chile in 1973 , but it happens also today , long after the ‘ anti-communist ' excuse for it had ended in 1991 .
Examples will be cited here , and the silenced lessons will be drawn from them , about the actual nature of the post-1952 U.S. Government — the global fascist victory that has increasingly emerged after the immediate ashes of fascism 's global defeat in 1945 . This far-right , imperialist or “ neoconservative , ” international ideology has risen like a phoenix from those physical ashes of World War II , and has increasingly won — led by the U.S. Government — against the shrinking democratic world , and now seriously threatens to bring World War III to finish it , against the now non-communist lone nation of Russia , after the U.S. and its so-called ‘ capitalist ' ( but actually and increasingly fascist ) NATO military alliance had won the ideological Cold War , and the communist Soviet Union broke up and ended its Warsaw Pact military alliance in 1991 , while the U.S. secretly continued its side of the Cold War and has already brought into its anti-Russian NATO alliance virtually all of the Warsaw Pact nations , and all nations except Russia from the former Soviet Union .
The grim global reality is that the U.S. Government has become the world 's leading fascist nation . ( And people around the world — outside the U.S. — already know it . )
When U.S. President Barack Obama came into office in 2009 , one of the first international problems he had to deal with was a Honduran coup ( probably — but not provably — pre-approved by the U.S. White House ) that occurred on 28 June 2009 , overthrowing the democratically elected progressive President of Honduras and replacing him with a junta who were selected by that country 's dozen aristocrats ( or “ oligarchs ” ) , who practically own the country . On 16 October 2013 , I headlined “ Hillary Clinton 's Two Foreign-Policy Catastrophes ” , and the main “ catastrophe ” detailed there was her having assisted those oligarchs ( Honduras 's aristocratic families ) to keep their new dictatorship in power despite the U.S . Ambassador 's cable to Clinton , from Honduras 's capital , informing her that there would be no legal way to do it . She ignored his comment , persisted at propping up the imposed regime ; and Obama remained publicly silent and followed-through by his actions with his Secretary of State 's position , which position was to keep the oligarchs in power despite the opposition not only of the Honduran public but of almost every government in the world against the newly installed Honduran dictatorship — and the U.S. regime kept the coup-regime in power and thus forced the end of Honduras 's brief democracy — and promptly , and for years afterward , Honduras 's murder-rate and drug-trafficking soared .
Then , in February 2014 , Obama himself perpetrated a very bloody coup in Ukraine overthrowing the democratically elected Government there and replacing it with a racist-fascist anti-Russian regime that promptly began a years-long ethnic-cleansing program to eliminate the people in the regions of Ukraine that had voted the most heavily — ranging from 75 % to over 90 % — for the President and legislature whom Obama had overthrown . ( Getting rid of these Ukrainian voters was necessary to Obama because if they still lived in Ukraine , then the Obama-installed Ukrainian regime would quickly be elected out of office , and his coup-regime on Russia 's doorstep would end . )
Donald Trump constantly criticizes both Obama and Clinton for many things , but as the U.S. President he continues their most evil policies , and he sometimes imposes far-right policies that are even worse . One of the instances of this is Honduras , where Trump continues Obama 's policies , even in the face of its now especially clear recent repudiation by Hondurans at the election-polls : the Trump regime had actually trained the Honduran regime on how to rig the vote-count in preparation for the latest Honduran national election , which occurred on November 26th . However , since that election , the many public demonstrations against the official outcome , by courageous Honduran democrats and sometimes in the face of police bullets , are making unexpectedly embarrassing the U.S. dictator 's support of the Honduran regime 's crackdowns against the Honduran public .
Regarding the Ukrainian regime that Obama had imposed , candidate Trump was anti-Obama , and on 1 August 2016 in Harrisonburg PA he said , about Crimea , “ You want to have World War III to get it back ? ” ( He assumed that ‘ we ' had ‘ had ' Crimea , but his pro-imperialist audience went along with that aggressive nationalistic and obviously false assumption . ) However , on 2 February 2017 , President Trump 's official policy regarding this matter turned out to be the exactly same policy as Obama 's , when CNN headlined “ UN Ambassador Haley hits Russia hard on Ukraine ” and reported :
The US ambassador to the United Nations offered a strong condemnation of Russia in her first appearance at the UN Security Council on Thursday , calling on Moscow to de-escalate violence in eastern Ukraine and saying that US sanctions against Moscow would remain in place until it withdraws from Crimea . “ The United States continues to condemn and call for an immediate end to the Russian occupation of Crimea , ” said Nikki Haley , President Donald Trump 's envoy to the world body . “ Crimea is a part of Ukraine . Our Crimea-related sanctions will remain in place until Russia returns control over the peninsula to Ukraine . ”
In other words : Trump 's policy is that only if Russia repudiates and rejects the 90 % + desire of the residents of Crimea to be Russians and not to be expelled from Crimea or else killed by the rabidly anti-Russian Obama-imposed Ukrainian dictatorship , will Trump even so much as consider ending the U.S. economic and other sanctions against Russia . This is Obama 's policy , and Trump 's policy . And NATO 's pouring U.S. and other hostile troops and weapons near and even onto Russia 's borders is likewise ‘ justified ' by this position .
Trump likewise continues Obama 's policy against Syria , which is a nation that has long been a crucial ally of Russia , though not on Russia 's border as Ukraine is . Obama came into office with a secret plan to conquer Syria , and it was fully operational by 2012 , when some dissidents within the U.S. intelligence community privately objected up the chain-of-command , against Obama 's then-increasing reliance upon Al Qaeda in Syria for providing the training and leadership of the U.S.-and-Saudi-selected-and-funded 'moderate rebels ' who were America 's “ boots on the ground ” to bring down Syria 's Government , which was and remains led by Bashar al-Assad .
However , just as Victor Yanukovych had won the Presidency of Ukraine in 2010 on the promise of keeping Ukraine as a free and independent sovereign nation answerable only to Ukrainian citizens , Assad won Syria 's first-ever democratic election in 2014 by promising to keep Syria as a free sovereign nation answerable only to Syrian citizens — but as one that 's allied with both Russia and Iran , against the U.S. and its pro-jihadist allies . In repeated Western-sponsored polling of Syrians , even during the U.S.-Saudi-UAE-and-allied invasion of Syria by tens of thousands of imported foreign jihadists who demand Sharia law for Syrians , every poll shows that well over 50 % of Syrian citizens want Assad to continue leading the country . But America 's dictators have different ideas .
As regards Ukraine , the U.S. stooge-regime is trying to outlaw the teaching and speaking of the Russian language there , and to encourage the takeover , by force , of orthodox churches ( considered “ pro-Russian ” ) , by Catholic and Protestant ones there .
As regards Syria , the Trump Administration has repeatedly indicated its intention never to end the U.S. military occupation of Syria , though this would ( if the U.S. military occupation of Syria were to become permanent like in Afghanistan and Iraq ) entail a war , in Syria , between Syria 's invited defender Russia , versus Syria 's uninvited enemy the United States occupiers there , which would quickly escalate into a nuclear war between the U.S. and Russia — WW III . The U.S. regime expects to ‘ win ' such a war .
Investigative historian Eric Zuesse is the author , most recently , of They 're Not Even Close : The Democratic vs. Republican Economic Records , 1910-2010 , and of CHRIST 'S VENTRILOQUISTS : The Event that Created Christianity .
This article was originally published by Strategic Culture Foundation .
Featured image is from SCF .
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Eric Zuesse , Global Research , 2017
https : //www.globalresearch.ca/trump-continues-obamas-wars-against-democracy/5622325
Seoul : North Korea said Thursday it released an American university student over “ humanitarian ” reasons , in its first official comment since he was returned to his home state of Ohio in a coma .
The state-run Korean Central News Agency said Otto Warmbier had been serving hard labour but did n't comment on his medical condition or how the country negotiated his release with the United States .
“ Warmbier , who had been in hard labour , was sent back home on 13 June 2017 , on humanitarian grounds according to the adjudication made on the same day by the Central Court of the DPRK , ” the agency said in the one-sentence report , referring to North Korea by its official name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea .
The 22-year-old Warmbier , a University of Virginia undergraduate , was convicted and sentenced in a one-hour trial in North Korea 's Supreme Court in March 2016 . He got 15 years in prison with hard labour for subversion after he tearfully confessed that he had tried to steal a propaganda banner .
He was medically evacuated from North Korea and arrived in Cincinnati late Tuesday . His father , Fred Warmbier , told Fox News that his son was “ terrorized and brutalized ” and has been in a coma for more than a year .
The US , South Korea and others often accuse North Korea of using foreign detainees to wrest diplomatic concessions . Three Americans remain in custody in North Korea over accusations including alleged “ hostile acts ” and spying .
NATIONAL
( Yonhap )
( Yonhap )
Young Koreans are feeling the need for flexible working hours to balance their life with work , research agency Nielsen Korea said Monday.The agency conducted an online survey targeting 1,000 men and women between the ages 19 and 70 from Nov. 13-20 , with the aim to understand the public sentiments toward flextime.Of the surveyed , 74 percent said they think flexible working hours would enhance their quality of life . Those in their 20s and 30s felt the need more strongly than the older generation , with 80 percent and 78 percent from the respective age groups taking sides with flextime.When asked to choose between a company where the pay was proportional to the heavy workload , and a company where the salary was relatively low but after-work life was respected , 75.5 percent of the surveyed chose the latter.Further analysis on the respondents showed that their answers were not affected by their marital status , but that those with children preferred a balanced lifestyle more than those without.As for the efficacy of the flextime , 63 percent of the respondents believed it would boost productivity at work , while 30 percent were skeptical of the actual effect.By Lim Jeong-yeo ( kaylalim @ heraldcorp.com )
Lee Mack takes a dig at Dermot O'Leary on The Nightly Show
Dermot wants you to audition for the new X Factor
Good thing Dermot hosts better than he sings
Ant and Dec wow viewers with musical number to op
Ricky Tomlinson Had One of His Testicles Digitall
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Nightly Show 's eight week run is coming to an end as The X Factor star Dermot O'Leary made his return to the hot seat .
The hugely popular host was back at the helm following his successful first appearance in March , which earned rave reviews after a disappointed few weeks presented by David Walliams , John Bishop and Davina McCall .
Dermot was praised by viewers and critics as he appeared to be a natural behind the desk , and hopes were high for his second chance .
( Photo : ITV/ The Nightly Show )
Guest Lee Mack could n't resist comparing the comeback to his X Factor journey , which saw him leave in 2014 , get replaced by Caroline Flack and Olly Murs the following year before making a return .
`` Can I just say , it 's great to see you back Dermot , '' Lee smirked .
( Photo : ITV/ The Nightly Show )
`` You went away , they realised they could n't cope without you , they brought you back . You 're making career out of this , are n't you ? ''
The likes of Ant & Dec have backed him to take over The Nightly Show on a permanent basis if ITV opts to bring it back .
( Photo : ITV/ The Nightly Show )
Fans seemed to agree , and they could n't get enough of him yet again , with one writing : `` Got to love @ radioleary you can see he is sooooo comfortable in his presenting role ! Love dermot ! X ( sic ) ''
Another added : `` Dermot O'Leary is the best presenter yet on # thenightly show - very comfortable in the role ''
STROUD TOWNSHIP , Pa. — Police say a husband and wife were attacked by another couple outside a children and youth center in Monroe County .
Stroud Area Regional Police say the husband was stabbed several times in is chest , back , and arms . His wife had been punched and choked .
Edgar Santana , 44 , and Antoinette Dodson , 40 , both of Tobyhanna , are accused of the attack Monday afternoon in the parking lot along Philips Street in Stroud Township .
Santana is facing several felony charges including attempted homicide , aggravated assault , strangulation , simple assault , and reckless endangerment .
Dodson is charged with felony aggravated assault , strangulation , simple assault , and reckless endangerment .
Santana and Dodson are both locked up in the Monroe County jail .
Both victims were taken to the hospital to be treated for their injuries .
Temperatures hit an icy -5c in Harrogate this morning as Harrogate drivers - and buses - slowed to a crawl in the coldest day of winter so far .
Despite lighter traffic with some schools having already broken up in town for Christmas , the major roads into the town centre were still clogged up as traffic took a cautious approach on icy roads .
The congestion effected buses , too , and The Harrogate Bus Company posted that some of its most popular services - our 1A , 1B and 1C buses - were experiencing delays .
Harrogate temperatures have now risen to 0c but are expected to fall back this afternoon from 4pm .
Overnight temperatures locally tonight into Tuesday will drop to -2C and tomorrow will be another cold day , though , perhaps , a smidgen warmer than of late .
There may have been very minor snow flurries in Harrogate yesterday , Sunday , but the good news for drivers is that snow is not forecast at all this week .
SPORTS
South Korean LPGA star Park In-bee has cracked the top 10 in the women 's world rankings following her latest victory .
Park jumped 10 spots to reach No . 9 in the rankings released Tuesday . She won the Bank of Hope Founders Cup in Phoenix over the weekend , for her first LPGA win in 12 months .
Park , former world No . 1 , cut her 2017 season short in September with a back injury while she was No . 10 in the world , and dropped out of the top 10 by the end of October .
In this Associated Press photo , Park In-bee of South Korea poses with the champion ` s trophy after winning the Bank of Hope Founders Cup on the LPGA Tour at Wildfire Golf Club at JW Marriott Phoenix Desert Ridge Resort & Spa in Phoenix , Arizona , on March 18 . ( Yonhap )
By winning in just her second start of the new season , Park became one of six South Koreans among the world 's top 10.Ryu So-yeon and Park Sung-hyun , who shared LPGA 's Player of the Year honors last year , remained the two best South Koreans at No . 3 and No . 4 , respectively . Kim In-kyung slipped a notch to No . 7 , while Chun In-gee stayed put at No . 8 . Korea LPGA star Choi Hye-jin dropped a spot to No . 10.Feng Shanshan of China remained at No . 1 for the 19th week . ( Yonhap )
MORAGA , Calif. — Jordan Ford made a wide open 3-pointer with 45.3 seconds to go and Saint Mary 's won its program-record 30th game of the season with an 85-81 victory over Washington on Monday night to reach the NIT quarterfinals .
Washington freshman Jaylen Nowell answered with a deep 3 to pull to 82-79 at 33.5 but Saint Mary 's worked the clock down to 12.8 before Ford sealed it with two free throws .
Ford scored 22 of his 26 points in the second half . Evan Fitzner added a season-high 20 points off the bench for Saint Mary 's ( 30-5 ) and Emmett Naar had 12 assists .
Noah Dickerson had 22 points and nine rebounds for Washington ( 21-13 ) , which lost to Saint Mary 's for the first time . Matisse Thybulle moved into second in Pac-12 history for single-season steals , tying Gary Payton with 101 .
Education policy analyst Inez Feltscher argues that school choice has become an existential necessity .
“ Educational choice can no longer remain a side issue if America is to remain a constitutional republic , recognizable to those who founded it , ” she writes .
And reformers better hurry , because demographics are not on their side .
“ The challenge for education reformers who want to reinvigorate the principles of the Founding among American citizens is to implement broad choice while Generation X , not civics-ignorant millennial parents , are still making the majority of decisions about what American children should be learning about their country , its history , and its institutions , ” writes Feltscher .
Read the whole thing here .
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
For Jurgen Klopp , at least it was n't Real Madrid again in the Champions ' League .
Before the draw , the Liverpool manager had joked it would be the Spanish holders of the trophy in the first knock out phase , 'because usually I always get them ' .
After former Anfield old boy Xabi Alonso had pulled the Reds ' name out of the hat to pair them with Porto , the German was clearly a relieved man ... even if he refused to under-estimate the Portuguese side .
“ Last Wednesday , when we knew we were still involved , that was our big dream : we did n't care who we would get . It was clear it would be a strong side , ” he explained .
“ Porto are a strong side , first in the Portuguese league and always good . This year again they 're a difficult side to play .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
`` They came through in a difficult group ; they kept Leipzig – a really good side in Germany – behind them . It will be interesting . ”
Interesting but winnable though , for the Reds boss . He believes the power of Anfield could be the key to the tie , and he wants to use the home leg for the return on March 6 as the catalyst for progress to the quarter finals .
“ Anfield has to be a difference . That 's how it is . You go there and there 's no easy place in the world of football , ” he explained .
“ We go there to Porto in the first game ; I do n't have a plan for that game yet ! Then , of course , Anfield must make the difference .
“ It 's good that we have the first game at Porto , the weather is better there in February ! Then in March we meet them at Anfield . We are really looking forward to it .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ We have time ( to scout them ) . We have enough games to watch and we will watch all of them . It 's in around about two months , but I think we have 20 games from now until then , so we have a few things to do . ”
While Klopp was excited by the prospect of going to Porto – a team Liverpool have never lost to in four Champions ' League meetings – his side were more interested in the midweek visit of West Brom , which offers the chance of redemption after the pain of a derby draw .
And Joe Gomez , who was one of the Reds ' best players in the game against Everton , admitted : `` That 's one of the positives , the games come so quickly .
`` Obviously it 's tough , it 's a gruelling schedule but it gives you a chance to try and fix it straight away . ''
WASHINGTON — Justin Trudeau says he pushed for an exemption on Canadian steel and aluminum imports to the United States during his phone call this week with Vice-President Mike Pence .
The prime minister says the government is pushing the U.S. on multiple economic fronts , including getting a deal on a renegotiated NAFTA .
Using a national-security clause in U.S. trade law , President Donald Trump is threatening to slap potentially crippling steel and aluminum tariffs on Canada , Mexico and other countries when their exemptions are due to expire Friday .
Pence `` seemed to understand very clearly that national-security issues do n't really apply when you talk about steel or aluminum from Canada , '' Trudeau said of his conversation .
`` We 're continuing to work , highlighting that it would be not great for Canadian workers and Canadian industry , obviously , but it also would be difficult for American workers , American jobs and American consumers , who will pay more for various products . ''
That is on top of intense effort by Canada , the U.S. and Mexico to get a deal on a renegotiated North American Free Trade Agreement in time for the current iteration of the U.S. Congress , and ahead of what 's expected to be a turning-point election in Mexico on July 1 .
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland pushed the steel and NAFTA issues during her meeting Tuesday in Washington with Trump 's trade czar Robert Lighthizer .
`` Canada considers it frankly absurd that we would in any way be considered a national security threat to the United States , '' she said of the tariff threat , which comes under Sec . 232 of the U.S. Trade Expansion Act .
`` I would like to absolutely assure Canadians , particularly those that work in the steel and aluminum industries , that the government is absolutely prepared to and will defend Canadian industries and Canadian jobs . We will respond appropriately . ''
Freeland left Washington empty-handed earlier today , while Lighthizer and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross were off to Paris to talk tariffs with nervous European Union counterparts .
It 's the stuff of spy novels . North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un 's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport , and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack .
Several questions surround his suspicious death , but perhaps the biggest is : Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead ?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades , except for making headlines when he tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport . He later said he was trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland .
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he 's the son of Kim Jong Il , North Korea 's notorious former dictator .
`` You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you , '' says Michael Madden , a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch .
`` Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life , primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau , '' Madden says . Kim is widely known for his love of gambling and clubs . Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family 's personal fortune overseas , which includes homes in Singapore , Beijing and Paris .
Kim 's fate took a turn Monday morning , while he was in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport . Something caused Kim 's sudden death .
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler 's face with cloth . Police say emergency responders rushed the man , whose travel documents identified him as `` Kim Chol , '' to the hospital , but he died en route .
`` It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics , '' Madden says .
In South Korea Tuesday , Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler .
`` The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam . We have not confirmed the exact cause of death , '' Jeong said .
Kim could have died of natural causes , given his sedentary lifestyle and the family 's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure . But if he was killed , theories run the gamut as to why .
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune he handled , or that he was the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un 's good graces . But they 're all just guesses , says Madden .
`` Nobody knows , and I do n't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years , '' he says .
As with so much about North Korea , even a man 's demise is dressed in mystery .
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul . Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur .
HOLYOKE -- Two fruit trees will be planted at Donahue School at 210 Whiting Farms Road as part of the city 's Arbor Day ceremony Friday at 2 p.m .
City Forester John Twohig will help students plant the trees at the event that will include music , poetry and remarks by state Rep. Aaron M. Vega , D-Holyoke , and Mayor Alex B. Morse , a press release said .
Arbor Day began April 10 , 1872 in Nebraska at the behest of state agricultural official J . Sterling Morton , according to Time magazine .
National Arbor Day in which individuals and groups are encouraged to plant trees is celebrated each year on the last Friday in April .
The city ceremony will take place rain or shine , the press release said .
For more information call the Parks and Recreation Department at 1-322-5620 .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SCRANTON — A New York man who used other people 's identities to obtain loans from PNC Bank locations in several counties was sentenced Wednesday to 33 months to six years in state prison .
Lackawanna County Judge Vito Geroulo imposed the sentence , which is at the high end of sentencing guidelines , on Daniel L. Saul as part of a plea deal that resolved charges filed in Lackawanna , Northampton and Cumberland counties .
Saul , 47 , was arrested in Scranton in July , after an employee at the PNC Bank at 136 S. Main Ave. recognized him as the person the bank suspected had used fake IDs to obtain or attempt to obtain loans at several of its branches in Cumberland , Northampton and Monroe counties .
Police say Saul bought the fraudulent IDs , which had his picture but contained the names , addresses and birth dates of other people whose identities were compromised .
In the Scranton case , Saul was charged with theft by deception and another offense for his unsuccessful attempt to obtain a loan using one of the IDs . Those charges were dismissed in exchange for his guilty plea to two counts of identity theft and one count each of forgery and receiving stolen property in connection with the Cumberland and Northampton cases , said his attorney , Paul Ackourey .
Ackourey said Lackawanna County investigators agreed , at his request , to consolidate the charges filed in Northampton and Cumberland counties and retain jurisdiction of the case , even though the Scranton charges were dismissed . The Monroe County case remains pending .
At his sentencing Wednesday , Saul apologized for the crimes , telling Geroulo he committed them because he “ fell in with the wrong crowd. ” The judge rejected his plea for leniency , saying he did not believe Saul was truly remorseful .
“ I see this as nothing but premeditated greed ... with little regard for the impact on the individuals whose names were stolen and abused by you , ” Geroulo said .
In addition to the prison sentence Geroulo ordered Saul to pay $ 37,500 in restitution . Ackourey said he plans to file post-sentence motions challenging the sentence and amount of restitution .
Contact the writer : tbesecker @ timesshamrock.com ; 570-348-9137 ; @ tmbeseckerTT on Twitter .
Researchers at Baylor College of Medicine have shed light on the process that guides the maturation of newborn muscles into adult , fully functional organs . In mice , they determined that a group of genes involved in calcium handling undergoes a highly-regulated process called alternative splicing that changes the type of protein the genes produce as muscles transition from newborn to adult . These protein changes are essential for normal adult muscle function and , when disturbed , lead to muscle disorders such as myotonic dystrophy , the second most common cause of muscular dystrophy , and numerous other muscle disorders that affect tens of thousands of individuals in the U.S . The study appears in eLife .
`` The process of newborn skeletal muscle maturation to a working adult muscle involves numerous physiological changes that are not well understood , especially at the molecular level , '' said corresponding author Dr. Thomas A. Cooper , professor of pathology & immunology , of molecular and cellular biology and of molecular physiology and biophysics at Baylor College of Medicine . `` We focus on genes that might not only change the amount of protein they produce , but also on single genes that can produce different proteins through alternative splicing . ''
Alternative splicing allows cells to make a large number of proteins from a limited number of genes . It would be like making a number of different recipes by preparing in different ways a limited number of food ingredients .
`` We found there are about 700 genes in skeletal muscle that undergo changes through alternative splicing . As muscles develop , the majority of those genes produce different proteins . Interestingly , many of the genes that undergo alternative splicing do not change the amount of protein they produce during muscle postnatal development ; it is the type of protein produced that changes , '' said Cooper , who also is the S. Donald Greenberg and R. Clarence and Irene H. Fulbright Professor and a member of the Dan L Duncan Comprehensive Cancer Center at Baylor .
Cooper and his colleagues looked to determine whether the changes in protein form were linked to changes in muscle function .
Alternative splicing transitions significantly affect muscle physiology
The researchers discovered that the genetic activity of mouse skeletal muscles is particularly intense during the first two weeks after birth ; a number of genes alter the amount of proteins produced , while other genes go through alternative splicing and produce different proteins .
Among the genes going through alternative splicing , those involved in calcium-handling functions predominated . Calcium is very important for skeletal and heart muscle because the influx of calcium into the cell stimulates contraction and other functions .
First author Dr. Amy Brinegar , who was a graduate student in the Cooper lab while she was working on this project and recently graduated from the doctoral program in molecular and cellular biology at Baylor , selected three calcineurin A genes , which are involved in calcium-handling functions , and reversed their natural process of alternative splicing in adult mouse muscles . Then , Dr. George Rodney , associate professor of molecular physiology at Baylor , and a graduate student in his lab , James Loehr , who are co-authors on this paper , determined the effect of switching back alternative splicing on functions of isolated adult mouse skeletal muscle in the lab .
They discovered that muscles in which the 'adult forms ' of the calcineurin A genes had been switched back to the 'newborn forms ' showed a change in calcium flow and were less strong than muscles that retained the adult forms of calcineurin A .
`` We showed that just by changing three of about 11,000 genes that are estimated to be expressed in adult mouse muscle , we were able to change physiological parameters of those muscles , '' said Brinegar . `` This work supports the growing evidence in favor of a physiological role of alternative splicing . ''
`` Importantly , about 50 percent of the genes we discovered to undergo alternative splicing are conserved , meaning that the genes go through the same changes both in mice and humans , which opens the possibility of modeling human muscle disorders in the mouse , '' Cooper said .
# # #
Other contributors top this work include Zheng Xia and Wei Li , both from Baylor .
Financial support was provided by National Institutes of Health grants R01AR045653 , R01HL045565 , R01AR060733 , T32 HL007676 , R01HG007538 , R01CA193466 and R01AR061370 . Further support was provided by the Muscular Dystrophy Association grant RG4205 .
Most likely you 've never heard of McMinnville , Oregon , unless UFO sightings are your abiding passion . It 's the town where farmer Paul Trent took a photo of an alleged UFO hovering over his farm in 1950 . Today it hosts an annual UFO festival where believers congregate to propose UFO theories , swap stories , attend an alien costume ball and decide the winner of the pet costume contest — among other things .
Being that McMinnville is 50 miles south of Portland , itself a city that could be mistaken at times for an alien landing site , the festival is a big deal — although the arrival of journalists in town to drive the 2019 Subaru Ascent seemed to be bigger news to locals . Remember , this is the Pacific Northwest , where Subarus outnumber people . So , of course , locals would welcome the Ascent , a three-row crossover that belatedly fills a hole in Subaru 's lineup in a way the 2005-14 Tribeca never could .
Resembling an oversized Outback rather than an alien life form — something the Tribeca never lived down — the Ascent is offered in base , Premium , Limited , and Touring trims . There are three rows and room for eight — seven with the available second-row captains ' chairs — and enough head and legroom for an extended family . Despite its spacious accommodations , the vehicle feels easily maneuverable , not massive . OK , compared with a 1970 Subaru 360 Van , the Ascent feels like the Spruce Goose , Howard Hughes ' wooden albatross stashed in a museum not far from McMinnville . But who would rather be in a 360 Van , aside from those who adore deprivation ?
Climb inside the Ascent and you 'll discover an upscale interior that looks far richer than any earlier Subaru . Some materials are impressively upscale , such as the wood trim and intuitive instrument panel . Yet , despite being a premium Subaru , you might be disappointed by some cheap details , such as the incredibly insubstantial radio knobs .
However , being Subaru 's premium vehicle , there 's every comfort and convenience feature that you 'd want , including Android Auto and Apple CarPlay , 4G LTE Wi-Fi , three-zone automatic climate control , 19 cupholders , multifunction display , blind-spot detection with lane change assist and rear cross-traffic alert , heated front seats , windshield wiper de-icer , heated exterior mirrors , keyless access with push-button start , and more .
Does it sound splendid for a Subaru ? Oh yeah , and most of the options are available on less expensive models .
Seats are impressively supportive and comfortable and are not overly bolstered , so they should prove acceptable for larger occupants . The cabin remains quiet , with just a hint of road noise and no wind noise . And the generous number of USB ports shows that someone at Subaru understands modern life .
Get the Biz Briefing newsletter ! The latest LI business news in your inbox Monday through Friday . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Regardless of how far up the price ladder you ascend with your Ascent , there 's one driveline : all-new turbocharged and intercooler 2.4-liter flat four-cylinder engine that develops 260 horsepower and 277 pound-feet of torque mated to a continuously variable automatic transmission .
There 's ample power without any indication of turbo lag , surprising given the transmission , which proves to be smooth and responsive . The CVT can imitate a traditional automated manual transmission , although shifts are n't the quickest . The suspension absorbs bumps well without excessive rebound . Body lean is moderate . Steering is fairly light , but quick enough with good on-center feel . The car is very easy , if not relaxing to drive . It 's impressive in that regard . It 's no sports sedan , but it 's more engaging than its competition .
The National Centre for Combating Organised Crime investigated 361 cases since it began operation last August , the head of the unit Michal Mazánek , confirmed for the Czech News Agency . Of those , 105 cases led to criminal charges . The head of the office rated its functioning positively and denied criticism in an annual report by state prosecutors alleging imbalances or instability in the centralized organization . The founding of the National Centre for Organized Crime led to a government crisis last year between the ruling Social Democrats and partners ANO ; the latter strongly opposed the founding of the new bureau , which saw the streamlining and replacement of two earlier investigative units .
The presidential office Cheong Wa Dae was set to ask the National Assembly to once again try and approve the president 's pick for new foreign minister , officials said Thursday , in what will likely be the last step before appointing the nominee .
The move comes as the opposition-led parliament failed to issue a report on the outcome of a confirmation hearing for Foreign Minister-nominee Kang Kyung-wha , held last Wednesday .
( Yonhap )
The parliamentary hearing committee had until this Wednesday to issue a report , stating whether it sees the nominee fit for the job or not.A minister does not require parliamentary approval for his or her appointment . However , appointment without parliamentary approval often casts a political burden on the government or the president.When the parliament fails to issue a report on a confirmation hearing over an initial period of up to 20 days , the president may ask the National Assembly to again try and do so over an additional period of up to 10 days.When the parliament missed its initial period for Kim Sang-jo , then nominee for the chief of the Fair Trade Commission , President Moon Jae-in asked the parliament to issue a report over an additional five-day period.The president appointed Kim without a parliamentary report on Wednesday after the parliament missed its second deadline.The initial deadline for Kang 's report expired Wednesday.Cheong Wa Dae officials said the president will likely ask the parliament to give it a second try , as required by law.However , Moon is expected to ask it to do so in just two or three days , they noted.In its earlier appeal to the National Assembly hearing committee , the presidential office had noted a need to have the country 's top diplomat named as early as possible , citing the president 's upcoming summit with his US counterpart Donald Trump and other major international events , including the Group of 20 summits to be held in Germany on July 7-8.Despite its request for a second try , appointing Kang without parliamentary approval may still further deteriorate Cheong Wa Dae 's relations with the parliament , especially the opposition parties.The main opposition Liberty Korea Party has said it may boycott the ongoing parliamentary session altogether , which could effectively prevent the government 's move to create an 11.2 trillion-won ( $ 10 billion ) supplementary budget.The main opposition party controls 107 seats , while the ruling Democratic Party has 120 seats , both short of a majority in the 300-seat parliament . ( Yonhap )
Golf : McIlroy considering break to heal back muscle
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017 , 08:52 IST
Aug 13 , 2017 ; Charlotte , NC , USA ; Rory McIlroy walks onto the 12th green during the final round of the PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club . Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
By Larry Fine
CHARLOTTE , North Carolina ( Reuters ) - Rory McIlroy said he was considering a break from golf to deal with a back muscle injury that left his left arm numb after his final round at the PGA Championship on Sunday .
`` Right now I can feel my left rhomboid going into spasm . It 's sort of the way it has been the last few weeks , '' world number four McIlroy said after shooting a three-under-par 68 at Quail Hollow to finish one over for the year 's last major .
`` It 's a tough one because I go out there and play and shoot decent scores but when I come off the course I feel my left rhomboid going into spasm . Inside of my left arm goes numb . ''
The Northern Irishman injured the muscle in his upper back early this year in South Africa and had treatment on it , but was bothered again by the injury at The Players Championship in May .
`` So I do n't know what to do . I have got this next week off to assess what I need to go forward , '' he said , adding that he would consult with his trainer , Steve McGregor , who is a doctor , and consider his options .
`` I 'm flying home to Northern Ireland tonight . I 'll catch up with Steve McGregor this week , '' McIlroy said .
`` Just sort of have a chat with him about it and see what we need to do going forward . But the more I play , it 's just not allowing that time to heal 100 percent .
`` An injury like this , it 's eight full weeks of rest before you start to rehab it and then you go again . ''
Last year McIlroy finished the season in high style , winning the Tour Championship finale and claimed the $ 10-million bonus prize for winning the FedExCup playoffs .
McIlroy said he might decide to skip the FedExCup events , which begin later this month .
`` I feel like I 'm capable and playing well enough to give myself a chance in it . At the same time , April is a long way away . That 's the next big thing on my radar , '' he said , alluding to the Masters , the major he needs to complete a career grand slam .
McIlroy said he took the time he needed at the start of the year to heal and felt okay through the Masters in April but , after taking time off for his wedding and honeymoon , plunged back into training and did not build up the volume gradually .
`` I went from zero to hitting balls for three or four hours a day . That aggravated it a little bit , '' he said .
`` It 's there . I can feel it . I can play 18 holes . I warm it up , it 's okay . But once I get done , having to go through the whole routine of getting it ready to go again the next day , you should n't have to do that .
`` If I want to challenge on a more consistent basis , I need to get 100 percent healthy . ''
( Editing by Clare Fallon )
The fuselage of a helicopter which ditched in the water off Port Hedland has been stored , awaiting inspection by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau .
A Pilbara Ports Authority spokeswoman said the helicopter was raised yesterday and transferred to PPA 's premises , while ATSB and WA Police investigations continue .
The sunken helicopter was found around noon on Saturday with sonar equipment , and the body of missing pilot , 44-year-old Brett Gallard recovered by Police divers .
WA Police , who are currently preparing a comprehensive report for the Coroner have praised the efforts of search party members which began searching after the aircraft crashed into the ocean about 30km off the coast of Port Hedland just before midnight on Wednesday .
Have your say
Wisbech kept their Jaidka Cup hopes alive with victory over Kings Keys in a group game at Harecroft Road last night ( May 30 ) .
They bounced back from a defeat by Ramsey to beat the city side by 19 runs .
Josh Bowers ( 38 ) , James Williams ( 32 ) , Wian Pretorius ( 27no ) and Jonathan Garner ( 20no ) all chipped in with the bat as Wisbech totalled a respectable 141-5 off their 20 overs . Bowers ' blast included three mighty sixes .
Kings Keys ' best bowler was Tanvir Hussain with 3-22 .
Usman Sadiq ( 20 ) , Zaheer Abbas ( 23 ) and Muhammad Raheel ( 20 ) threatened an upset but once they departed the Kings Keys innings fell away and they were shot out for 122 in 17.5 overs .
Joe Dunning took 3-25 , Kieran Hallatt 2-17 and Jamie Gollands 2-14 .
MORGANTOWN , W.Va. — Even with several players recuperating from the flu bug , West Virginia 's defence can still frustrate the tar out of opponents .
One game after allowing the most points in a Big 12 game since joining the league in 2012 , No . 15 West Virginia overwhelmed Kansas State with its pressure , and the Mountaineers ended a three-game losing streak with an 89-51 victory Saturday .
`` We 're still 'Press Virginia , ' '' Mountaineers guard James `` Beetle '' Bolden said . `` We 've just got to come and play with the same energy every single night . ''
West Virginia ( 17-6 , 6-5 Big 12 ) got a rare win after holding a double-digit lead over the past month . The Mountaineers have had such leads in five of its last seven games but have won just twice .
The illnesses took a toll on the Mountaineers in the past week and coach Bob Huggins was concerned about having enough available bodies to execute any type of defence Saturday , especially after a 93-77 loss Wednesday at Iowa State .
Five players have been sick , and guards Daxter Miles Jr. and Bolden required hospital trips . Bolden recovered enough to make his first career start in Miles ' place , while Miles saw his first action of any kind in a week .
The Wildcats ( 16-7 , 5-5 ) never led , were held to their lowest scoring output of the season and had more turnovers ( 15 ) than field goals ( 14 ) .
`` Our pressure really was pretty good , '' Huggins said . `` We kind of backed it off at the end — I was just trying to save people 's legs . ''
Knowing West Virginia 's recent tendencies to relinquish big leads , especially in the second half , Kansas State coach Bruce Weber thought his team had a chance down 39-30 at halftime .
`` But they just kept pushing it and we got a little frustrated , could n't make some shots and it was like a snowball going down the hill and we could n't stop it , '' Weber said .
Your entire body is covered in dead skin cells . And when skin cells die , they do n't fall off or float away . Instead , they stay on top of your skin like tiny rotting corpses . In the same way that keeping a decaying body around the house would be a bad idea , keeping these extinguished skin cells sitting on your skin is n't a great move . They can can lead to hair loss , breakouts , grimy feet , and more . That 's why it 's important to exfoliate them away , on every part of your body . After all , life is better when you get rid of dead weight . Remember when you had to shed excess weight to ford a river in Oregon Trail ? Removing dead skin cells from your entire body is like that , but without the game-ending dysentery . Exfoliating your body of old cells is the key to getting letting the lively one underneath come to surface and shine , giving you healthier skin overall . But the exfoliation process is different depending on the body part . You ca n't bring a pumice stone to your face . And you 'll want something heftier than a gritty scrub to take care of those calluses . To help you sort out what works , we put together a guide for keeping your entire dermis free of dead weight . ALSO READ How to stay handsome in the Indian summer
Scalp
When you shampoo , really go in on your scalp . We mean it—scratch away ! ( Without hurting yourself , obviously . ) This will lift any dead flakes , which will prevent dandruff and stimulate circulation in the hair follicles . This in turn reduces hair loss . Yes , that seems backwards : You scratch at the head , and hair falls out less ? Indeed it does ; you 're removing dead skin from the scalp , improving blood flow , and preventing clogged follicles . That 's what keeps the hairs so sturdy .
Face
Twice a week , chase your face cleansing with a gritty scrub . This will lift the dead skin cells away from the lively , healthy ones underneath , meaning you get to showcase only the brightest complexion ( this is a good thing—it means you 're free of any blemishes ) . Do n't overdo it on the scrub , though . Twice a week is sufficient enough to keep your pores unclogged without irritating the healthy skin that remains .
Lips
If your lips are peeling from sunburn or subzero temps , buy a gentle lip scrub that safely removes the dead skin while soothing the sensitive skin underneath . It 's just lip balm , with extra grit .
Body
Keep an all-over body scrub , gentle exfoliating agent , or exfoliating bar soap in your shower caddy . These things do double duty as body washes and skin exfoliants , removing dirt and dead skin from the shoulder , back , torso , arms , and legs . The pores in these parts do n't clog as easily as those on your face , but you 'll be surprised where you can get a rough patch of skin or a random pimple .
Feet
The feet tend to amass dry patches of skin more than anywhere else . It does n't always manifest as a callus . Sometimes there might be patches of grime collecting around the ankle , or scaly spots on the heel . Get a soft salt scrub for this task , and work at these patches until they clear up . Follow with a soothing foot cream , and apply it nightly to protect that skin .
Calluses
Confession : I actually like using electronic callus removers . Not in a foot fetishist kind of way , but there 's a gross satisfaction from buffing away at the calluses on the heels and feet . It 's the same joy one gets from popping a pimple . The little wheel whirs around , gently grinding away at your dead skin like sandpaper on wood . It does n't hurt or tickle—it 's dead skin , after all . But , once you notice the chalky residue that forms on the grinder as it works , you 'll breathe a sigh of relief .
Night Cream
One of the best ways to exfoliate your face is with an AHA-packed night cream . It involves no scrubbing , and instead dissolves dead skin cells with alpha hydroxy acid . In turn , it acts as an ultra-moisturizer , working in tandem with your body 's cellular regeneration to fight wrinkles , dark spots , and fine lines .
> More on Skincare
This article originally appeared in gq.com
Up Next : Getting started | Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
Major financial figures including Yim Jong-yong ( middle ) , chairman of the Financial Services Commission , and Jeong Chan-woo , CEO of the Korea Exchange , celebrate the opening of the Korean securities market at the Seoul office of the Korea Exchange in Yeouido , western Seoul , Monday . ( KRX )
South Korea 's main equity barometer had a steadfast first trading day this year due to sell-offs by foreign and institutional investors Monday.The Kospi slightly rebounded to the 2,030 mark during the day with some rallies in large-cap shares after a brief fall in the morning.Market bellwether Samsung Electronics and large-caps like SK hynix , Hyundai Motor , Hyundai Mobis , Naver and SK Telecom showed rallies during the day 's trading.However , the index went downhill again due to falls in chemical and cosmetic shares along with growing worries about the fallout of the decision to deploy the missile defense system Terminal High Altitude Area Defense here.LG Chem slid more than 3 percent on the news of the Chinese government excluding Korean firms from its subsidies for lithium-ion batteries . Samsung SDI lost about 2 percent.At a ceremony to open the securities market , Jeong Chan-woo , CEO of the Korea Exchange , pledged to boost transactions in the Korean capital market in 2017 by developing innovative stock indexes.The performance of stock indexes on the first day of a year is highly likely to follow previous trading trends , according to statistics by Korea Exchange.The probability of stock movements on the Kospi on the first day of a year resembling those on the last day is about 82 percent , according to the stock trading board operator . Since 2006 , the directions of the Kospi on the first day of a new year and the last day of the previous year turned out to be in alignment except for 2014 and 2015. “ Psychologically , the first day means a lot to retail investors , ” said an investment advisor . “ It sometimes gives a hint as to how the market will move throughout the year. ” Samsung Securities projected the Kospi would move up and down in the range between 1,860 and 2,210 this year.Market observers said January will not be a bad month for the local stock market.Starting with Samsung Electronics on Friday , announcements of corporate earnings for the fourth quarter will begin . There are positive earnings forecasts for Korean businesses due to the improved global conditions in the latter part of last year. “ Market consensus for the Q4 corporate performances was raised in December , which can suggest strong rallies in early January , ” noted a report by Fn Guide , a local financial information provider.Some are more optimistic about the whole year. “ Historically , the three lows -- low interest rates , low oil prices and low foreign exchange rates -- had helped bouy the Kospi , ” said John Kim , a strategist at IBK Investment & Securities . “ The possibility of the Kospi exceeding its limited range is higher than before in 2017. ” By Song Su-hyun ( song @ heraldcorp.com
Vasyl Lomachenko does n't just beat fighters . He makes them quit .
Even Guillermo Rigondeaux , who had never even lost a fight as a pro .
`` I guess I should change my name now to NoMaschenko , '' Lomachenko said .
Lomachenko won their bout Saturday night when Rigondeaux 's corner stopped the fight after six rounds because the boxer was complaining of pain in his left hand .
Lomachenko was easily winning boxing 's first pro match between two-time Olympic gold medalists when Rigondeaux and his trainers jointly called for the match to be stopped .
Promoter Dino Duva said Rigondeaux first felt pain in the second round and hurt it more significantly in the third . Duva said doctors believed the hand could be broken and were sending the 2000 and 2004 Olympic gold medalist from Cuba to the hospital for X-rays .
Duva said the injury came from a punch -- though Rigondeaux certainly did n't hit Lomachenko with many of them .
`` Where did he hurt his hand , in the dressing room ? '' promoter Bob Arum said .
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Lomachenko ( 10-1 , 8 KOs ) earned his seventh straight victory by stoppage and defended his WBO 130-pound title . And for the fourth straight time , his match ended with his opponent quitting .
Rigondeaux lost for the first time in his 18 pro fights and was loudly booed afterward by a crowd that was supporting both fighters early in the match .
But it was quickly apparent that the 2008 and 2012 gold medalist was too much for the 37-year-old Rigondeaux , the 122-pound champion who was moving up two weight classes for the historic match .
`` I adjusted to his style , low blows and all , '' Lomachenko said .
Long one of boxing 's best defensive fighters , even Rigondeaux could n't find a way to defend himself against Lomachenko 's onslaught .
`` It just amazes me what this guy does to an opponent , '' Duva said . `` He just frustrates his opponent so bad you do n't even know what to do . ''
Lomachenko started cautiously but by the third round he had begun finding his way through Rigondeaux 's defense .
He was leading 59-54 on two judges ' cards and 60-53 on the other , and a fighter who does as little offensively as Rigondeaux was unlikely to make that up even if he could 've continued .
`` I 'm going to come back and fight against anybody because there are no excuses , '' Rigondeaux said through a translator .
Rigondeaux would have liked the fight at a lower weight but the height difference may have been a bigger problem . Giving up three inches to the 5-foot-7 Lomachenko , he frequently was caught when he tried to lunge forward for shots and could n't slip Lomachenko 's accurate punches , and when he kept trying to duck lower and lower Lomachenko even hit him on top of the head .
It was tense in the fifth round , when Rigondeaux was warned for hitting on the break and they jawed at each other after the bell sounded to end the round . But Lomachenko came back and scored with some solid shots in the sixth , and it became a bigger round for him when Rigondeaux had a point deducted for holding .
Moments later , it was over .
Lomachenko won titles in two weight classes after just seven fights and it may not be long until he has a chance at another , possibly moving up to lightweight next year .
Former Olympic medalists Shakur Stevenson and Michael Conlan were among the winners on the undercard . Stevenson ( 4-0 , 2 KOs ) outclassed Oscar Mendoza ( 4-3 ) before referee Sparkle Lee stopped the featherweight bout midway through the second round . Fighting near his hometown of Newark , New Jersey , the southpaw who won silver in 2016 landed sometimes three or four punches in rapid succession before Mendoza could get out of the way .
Conlan ( 5-0 ) delighted the contingent of Irish flag-waving fans with a unanimous decision victory over Argentina 's Luis Molina ( 4-4-1 ) , winning every round of the six-round bout in his first pro victory that did n't come by stoppage .
Conlan peppered Molina with combinations to the body and left uppercuts to the chin in the arena where he made his professional debut last year on St. Patrick 's Day . Arum also plans to have the 2012 bronze medalist from Belfast fight again next year on the March 17 holiday .
Strongly moving towards its release at the end of this year , the highly anticipated movie Rangreza finally released its aesthetically powerful poster . The poster shows the main cast of the movie , Bilal Ashraf , Urwa Hocane and Gohar Rasheed as depicted in their roles . It 's a portrayal of various emotions displayed by the actors – love , hurt and even mischief . And it definitely has us excited !
Following Janaan 's widest release for a Pakistani film internationally , Rangreza is now set to break a new record number of countries as part of its worldwide distribution strategy , establishing a whole new benchmark for Pakistani cinema on a global platform , stated a press release .
Making one of the most expensive Pakistani film productions to date , Rangreza is a musical romance directed by Aamir Mohiuddin , featuring Gohar Rasheed , Bilal Ashraf , Urwa Hocane and Saleem Miraj in the principal cast .
Musical legend , Abida Parveen , features prominently on the soundtracks , composed by the film 's writer , Akhtar Qayyum . The film is presented by Vision Art Films , Usman Malkani Films , Distribution Club ( PVT ) Ltd , Munir Hussain Films UK and Pepe 's Piri Piri and will be distributed worldwide by B4U Motion Pictures .
Munir Hussain , Head of Munir Hussain Film UK says , “ I 'm very excited to bring another highly anticipated film , which will showcase the growing strength of Pakistani cinema . We have some creative plans in place for the release and we are grateful to Mr Sunil Shah and B4U for their excellent support and guidance . ”
Director Aamir Mohiuddin also shared his thoughts , “ Rangreza is a movie that will touch millions of hearts . The entire team has put in their best and this will be another significant milestone for the Pakistani cinema . ”
Sunil Shah , Head of Film Division , B4U Motion Pictures expressed , “ We are delighted to be further commenting our great partnership with Munir Hussain Films UK with the release of Rangreza , following the unprecedented success of our previous outing together , Janaan . ”
He continued , “ Munir Hussain has such a pioneering and passionate vision for Pakistani cinema on a global platform and we are honoured to be jointly taking Pakistani cinema to another level with Rangreza , across a record number of international territories . ”
This Is All It Will Take For Gold & Silver To Achieve Liftoff from King World News
With many investors closely monitoring the action in key global markets as we move through the last month of the trading year , this is all it will take for gold and silver to achieve liftoff .
December 10 ( King World News ) – Here are key portions of a fantastic piece that was sent to KWN by Mark J. Lundeen : As I expected last week , gold broke out of the tight range it 's been in since early October ( circle in chart below ) and it did so to the downside . It ended the week resting on the rising-trend line I placed on the chart .
The best thing that could happen now would be seeing gold leap up off this rising trend line , and closing above $ 1300 by the end of next week . It could happen , but I expect we 'll see further declines in the weeks to come . I 'm still a big bull on gold and silver , and as long as gold holds above its lows of last December ( $ 1125 ) , it 's doing fine…
loading ...
Sharing is caring !
South Korea 's auto exports rose two months in a row in March on increased global demand for green cars , government data showed Tuesday .
The total value of autos shipped overseas reached $ 4.12 billion last month , up 4.1 percent from a year earlier , according to the data compiled by the Ministry of Trade , Industry and Energy .
( Yonhap )
But the number of exported vehicles dropped 5.1 percent on-year to 246,816 units last month.The trade ministry said exports of electric and hybrid cars led the uptick in the value of outbound car shipments , as 14,907 green cars were sold overseas , surging 419 percent from a year earlier.Total output by five local automobile companies , including industry leader Hyundai Motor Co. , fell 2.7 percent on-year to 406,897 units last month.Also , domestic sales , including imported cars , backtracked 2.9 percent on-year to 168,990 units in the one-month period amid sluggish private consumption . ( Yonhap )
WWE News : Finn Balor once lost his patience with Enzo Amore
What did Enzo do to anger the Demon , Finn Balor ?
Enzo Amore and Big Cass were partners before Big Cass turned on him
What 's the story ?
Former WWE star and NXT Tag Team Champion , Simon Gotch was recently a part of Robbie E 's 'Why It Ended ' podcast ( H/T Wrestling Inc ) . While on the podcast , Simon Gotch , now known as Simon Grimm , talked about the former Cruiserweight Champion Enzo Amore , and the heat he had backstage with other stars .
In case you did n't know ...
WWE released Enzo Amore from the company amidst allegations of sexual assault . The reason for his release was that he allegedly did not inform WWE about the ongoing sexual assault investigation . He had been the Cruiserweight Champion at the time , and the championship was vacated , with a tournament announced which would end at WrestleMania . Cedric Alexander won the competition to become the new Champion .
Enzo had a lot of heat backstage , which sometimes became evident on the show . You can check out the cruiserweights taking out Enzo Amore here :
Enzo remained off social media after his release , other than to release a statement from his lawyers . An investigation by the police saw him cleared of all charges against him .
Enzo 's plans for the future were an object of speculation , which was answered when he announced that he was releasing a debut rap song and an accompanying music video . Under the name 'Real1 ' , he released a single , 'Phoenix ' , where he criticised wrestling fans and his accuser .
You can read more about his new song here .
The heart of the matter
On the podcast , Simon Gotch talked about the heat Enzo had backstage . He said that Enzo would try to make friends with people he wanted something from , which rubbed people the wrong way .
When Finn Balor came to WWE , Enzo would continue talking to him and try to tell him how to pick up women .
`` When Fergal , Finn Balor , got there , [ Enzo ] immediately was just d -- k riding him to high heaven . Right away . 'Oh , bro . you wan na get chicks , you know what you got ta do ? You got ta get an apartment downtown , bro . Cuz then you can walk to all the bars and walk right home . ' ''
According to Gotch , Finn found Enzo funny in the beginning but later 'lost his patience with him ' . He also mentioned the fact that Enzo was latching onto Balor as he was set to be a star was not taken well by other workers .
What 's next ?
Enzo will possibly look to continue making his mark in the music scene . Finn Balor , on the other hand , is set to take part in the Money in the Bank ladder match on the 17th of June .
You can check out Enzo 's new song here :
What do you think about Enzo Amore and his new song ? Is the 'Real1 ' ready to make a WWE comeback ?
Leave your thoughts in the comments below .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Conservative Party has been urged to launch an independent inquiry into Islamophobia to make sure `` racists and bigots have no place in the party '' .
The Muslim Council of Britain ( MCB ) has written to party chairman Brandon Lewis , highlighting a string of incidents by Tory candidates and other representatives .
In the open letter , MCB general secretary Harun Khan said they were `` more than weekly occurrences of Islamophobia '' in April .
They ranged from allegedly offensive tweets to accusations of links to far-right figures .
( Image : Sky )
Mr Khan also highlighted the campaign run by Zac Goldsmith in his unsuccessful bid to beat Labour 's Sadiq Khan to become Mayor of London in 2016 , saying there had been no action taken against those responsible for `` shocking Islamophobia '' during the campaign .
Mr Khan added : `` We want all political parties to ensure that they are firm in their commitment against all forms of bigotry and discrimination .
`` Our democracy should not be overshadowed by a divisive culture within political parties that scapegoats minorities and alienates some who share similar political positions . ''
Former Tory cabinet minister Baroness Warsi told the Independent a review was `` long overdue '' .
Lady Warsi , who earlier this year told MPs Islamophobia was widespread in the UK , said : `` I have raised my concerns about Islamophobic comments and campaigning for more than two years and have done so formally and informally including a letter to the Prime Minister .
( Image : REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett )
`` The party has been aware of the issue at the highest level and has failed to take the issue seriously and at times even denied its very existence .
`` A formal inquiry is now long overdue and I hope my party send a very clear message by establishing this inquiry that bigotry will not be tolerated in a modern Conservative party . ''
A Conservative Party spokesman said : `` We take all such incidents seriously , which is why we have suspended all those who have behaved inappropriately and launched immediate investigations . ''
An illustration from Deepanjana Pal 's ‘ A Book For Puchku ' .
Rumer Godden seems to have fallen out of fashion , but she is simultaneously the author of one of my favourite sets of children 's books and two of my most reread adult novels . Miss Happiness And Miss Flower is about two Japanese dolls sent as a present to two little English girls , one of whom is homesick for India , where she was born and raised . In tending to the dolls—and building them a dollhouse , Japanese style—Nona , one of the girls , finds friends and roots in London as well .
So much did I love Miss Happiness And Miss Flower ( my copy is stolen from a library , a fact that makes me feel deeply guilty , but does n't stop me from loving the book ) that I was surprised Godden had written anything else . She was shelved in my mind as an author for children , like Tove Jansson ( the Moomin series for children , The Summer Book for adults ) or Judy Blume or even Roald Dahl . Authors who skipped across barriers and wrote for both sides .
The hipster beloved and much bookstagrammed author Junot Díaz is due to release his new book—a picture book called Islandborn—next spring , according to The New York Times . The themes are the same as his adult novels : immigration and longing , but packaged with colourful drawings and the story of one young girl wanting to know more about her roots .
We know Dahl and Jansson and Godden , everyone knows J.K. Rowling , one of the few authors better known for her writing for children . But children 's books , especially in India , had lived in obscurity till now . The bookshops had a small shelf space for them , the best we could do in the 1980s and the 1990s were books done by the Children 's Book Trust ( CBT ) , good stories and illustrations on fall-apart pages bound like pamphlets . Books from the erstwhile Soviet Union were a blessing , being well-priced and nicely bound , with solid stories usually featuring full-length illustrations . That was all though . And it seemed books were doomed to stay that way , unnoticed and unloved .
This meant that authors shied away from writing for children . Why would you want to put in all that work to be relegated to a dusty back shelf in a book store with no one paying attention to you at all ?
Writing for all ages
It seems , though , that things are changing . “ There are many interesting new voices , lots of genres being experimented with . Most importantly , children 's books are losing that self-conscious Indianness that made them so twee . Indian children 's writers have found their voice and it is often irreverent , funny , iconoclastic and strong . And people are ready to pay what the books are worth , ” says Anushka Ravishankar , an author Atlas Obscura described as “ India 's Dr Seuss . ”
Ravishankar , along with Sayoni Basu , is the co-founder of Duckbill Books , an independent house that publishes books for children . Ravishankar 's books , Basu tells me , are among their best-selling titles .
Ravi Subramanian .
This year , Penguin Random House will be bringing out books by previously “ adult ” authors—best-selling banker-turned-thriller writer Ravi Subramanian 's book , My First Book Of Money , explaining finances to children and Corporate Chanakya author Radhakrishnan Pillai 's series Chatur Chanakya for Puffin .
Film critic and Lounge columnist Raja Sen too will be making his authorial debut in the children 's book genre , with a series retelling famous movies in verse form . Then there 's Deepanjana Pal , author of The Painter : A Life Of Ravi Varma , who will be releasing her new book , A Book For Puchku , soon on Pratham Books ' online platform StoryWeaver .
“ In the fiction space , there have always been crossovers—children reading stuff published primarily for a general readership , and adult readers taking delight in children 's books , ” says Hemali Sodhi , Penguin Random House publisher , children 's and YA . “ That said , a number of writers are indeed writing books that are aimed primarily at children. ” She mentions authors like Namita Gokhale , Devdutt Pattanaik , Sudha Murty and Sanjeev Sanyal , whose books for children are among their most popular titles .
There are many interesting new voices , lots of genres being experimented with . Most importantly , children 's books are losing that self-conscious Indianness that made them so twee . - Anushka Ravishankar
Díaz decided to write Islandborn because his goddaughters asked him to . Sen did the same thing . “ I wanted to buy something cool for nephews and goddaughters but everything Indian seemed either preachy or mythological , and I 'd end up buying Green Eggs And Ham yet again . ”
I 've been in this fix before , trying to be the cool child-free aunt to friends ' children who bring over amazing books . Yet , even in the best book stores , it 's a pile of princesses and tractors , the inevitable Hungry Caterpillar , and nothing that is Indian that is n't about the gods and goddesses .
Raja Sen
Sen 's book , The Best Baker In The World , will be out in November , and is a tribute to The Godfather . It 's the first in the series My First Matinee that seeks to adapt R-rated movie masterpieces into books for children . “ The challenge , and the fun bit , is to find the right all-ages parallels . And I 'm doing the books in rhyme , which—for better or worse—comes naturally to me . The first book is told entirely in limerick , a verse form that lends itself excellently to being read out loud . ”
This is something other authors have done with success as well : Just think of Vikram Seth 's excellent Beastly Tales From Here And There or Dahl 's Dirty Beasts .
Yashodhara Lal
Unforgiving readers
So what is driving the change for better books for children ? Says V. Geetha , editorial director of Tara Books , “ There is a generation of young parents who have come to child-rearing in different circumstances than previous generations—in a world packed with information , with not much direction , and to them , books appear to matter a lot , in that they act as signposts as to what may be made available for a child 's imaginative nourishment . ”
And when parents are authors , as in the case of the best-selling author of commercial fiction Yashodhara Lal—author of titles such as Just Married , Please Excuse—this can spill over into them writing for their children as well . Lal , however , found she had to tailor the way she wrote to her new audience : “ It 's all to do with the attention span of kids , the things they find relatable , making sure not to get too preachy , how the plot should build up , leaving the kids feeling empowered and so on. ” Lal 's books for children—Peanut Has A Plan ( 2016 ) and Peanut And The Piano ( forthcoming ) — are based on her daughter , whom she calls Peanut .
Perhaps the most boring thing about a lot of traditional children 's literature is that there have been no shades of grey . Now , however , the important thing is not to talk down to children .
“ Children 's literature is exploding , themes are becoming varied and more complex , ” corroborates Kavita Gupta Sabharwal , founder of the brand new Neev Literature Festival for children , held in Bengaluru in September , and managing trustee of the Neev Trust . “ When we grew up , dark themes in children 's literature was not the norm—today it is . Faces In The Water by Ranjit Lal is about female infanticide . Weed by Paro Anand is fiction set in Kashmir and terrorism . ”
“ Children are more savage and unforgiving than adults when it comes to reading . They have a limited span of attention . An adult will give you a chance . A child will not , ” says Subramanian , who is jumping into the “ KidLit ” category in November . “ A lot of children 's books that get read in India are written by foreign authors . That also got me wondering as to why is it so . I wanted to make a difference to Indian writing in this space . ”
But his publisher , Penguin Random House , was a little more wary . “ There is a larger thriller market out there that I write for . Penguin was worried if my writing for children would dilute my ‘ brand ' in the adult books category , and whether this was a sensible move to make . I appreciated this concern of theirs and debated it with them . We even debated writing under a pen name . ”
Authors are getting curious about this space , but let 's not celebrate just yet . “ I was not writing children 's books for money , but despite the money , ” says Subramanian . “ It is a myth that the children 's book market is exploding . While publishers and ‘ industry experts ' will throw all kinds of numbers at you to show that the market is growing at over 20 % etc. , etc. , the fact remains that children are not reading as much as they should be . ”
He points out that with small print runs and small royalties , a children 's book author could really not expect to make that much—or any—money . Even Ravishankar , a best-selling author for children , agrees . “ I would n't be able to live off my royalties even in a good year . And for those starting off in the field , we always say—do n't leave your day job . I hope this state of affairs will change . But I 'm not holding my breath . ”
170212-N-CF105-043 ATLANTIC OCEAN ( FEB. 12 , 2017 ) Sailors assigned to USS James E. Williams ' ( DDG 95 ) conduct a visit , board , search , and seizure exercise . James E. Williams is currently underway preparing for a scheduled deployment . ( U.S Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist Seaman Patrick Morrissey/Released )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.12.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 08:00 Photo ID : 3166995 VIRIN : 170212-N-CF105-043 Resolution : 4875x2095 Size : 1.78 MB Location : US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , 170212-N-CF105-043 [ Image 1 of 2 ] , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Country superstar Alan Jackson is coming to Pittsburgh !
The “ Honky Tonk Highway Tour ” is coming to PPG Paints Arena on Saturday , March 24th .
Tickets for the concert go on sale Friday , December 15 at 12:00pm .
You can get tickets early during the presale which takes place on Thursday , December 14th from 10am to 10pm . Use the password : JUKEBOX
Josh Tomlin , who had been scheduled to start later in the series , pitched two perfect innings for the win as Francona ran out of relievers in a game started by his best pitcher .
Aaron Hicks hit a three-run homer off Kluber and Gary Sanchez and Greg Bird hit two-run shots for the Yankees , who may have caught a bad break before Lindor 's homer .
New York 's Aaron Judge went 0 for 3 and is hitless in seven at-bats in the series with five strikeouts .
The Yankees lost consecutive games for the first time since they were swept at home in a three-game series by the Indians from Aug. 28-30 . Now , they need to sweep three in a row from Cleveland .
Down 8-3 , facing New York 's vaunted bullpen , the Indians came back .
New York starter CC Sabathia was lifted with one on and one out in the sixth for Chad Green , another one of the Yankees ' flame-throwers who got an out before Gomes doubled . Green came inside and Lonnie Chisenhall was awarded first by plate umpire Dan Iassogna on a hit by pitch .
TV replays showed the ball slightly change direction — it appeared to hit the knob of Chisenhall 's bat .
Girardi said there was n't enough evidence within 30 seconds to justify a challenge . He said the team later saw a slow-motion replay suggesting he should 've contested the call , but it was too late .
`` There was nothing that told us he was not hit by the pitch , '' Girardi said .
New York catcher Gary Sanchez said he heard something , but was n't sure what . Sanchez caught the pitch on a fly — it would 've been strike three if it had been ruled a foul tip — and immediately pointed to the Yankees dugout , indicating they should consider challenging the call .
Girardi nodded and held up a finger , asking for time to make a decision .
`` I did n't think it hit him , because he never reacted , '' Sanchez said through a translator . `` He stood there . But it 's just stuff that happens in the game . ''
Lindor then stepped in and hit a towering shot off the inside of the right-field foul pole to make it 8-7 . Before he left the batter 's box , Lindor gave his shot some help .
`` As soon as I hit it , I knew it had a chance of going out , '' Lindor said . `` Then after a couple of steps , I was like , 'No , do n't go foul , please . Just stay fair . ' I started blowing on it a little bit . As soon as it went out , it was just a lot of emotions .
As Lindor rounded the bases with Cleveland 's first post-season slam since Jim Thome in 1999 , Progressive Field shook the way it did last November when Rajai Davis hit a two-run homer in eighth inning of Game 7 off Aroldis Chapman , then with the Cubs and now closing for the Yankees .
Bruce , who has done everything since coming over in an August trade , led off the eighth with his homer to left off reliever David Robertson , who pitched 3 1-3 scoreless innings and earned the win in the wild-card game over Minnesota .
Five innings later , the Indians finally broke the tie . They matched the longest post-season game in Cleveland history — Tony Pena 's homer in the 13th beat Boston in Game 1 of the 1995 ALDS .
Kluber was n't himself . Not even close .
The right-hander , who led the AL in wins , ERA and intimidation , did n't get out of the third inning as Francona pulled him after allowing Hicks ' three-run homer .
It was the shortest outing this season for Kluber , and as he slowly walked off the mound , Cleveland 's stunned crowd gave him a polite ovation and several teammates approached him to offer consolation .
`` I threw too many balls , '' Kluber said . `` And when I 'd throw strikes , they were right over the plate . ''
SLUGGER HURT
After rolling his ankle , Encarnacion stayed on the ground and rolled in the infield dirt in obvious pain while waiting for medical attention . He was helped to his feet and had to be assisted off the field .
Francona said an MRI showed a sprain the Encarnacion , who hit 38 homers with 107 RBIs , is day to day .
BRANTLEY 'S RETURN
Sidelined for Cleveland 's deep post-season run in 2016 , Michael Brantley is along for the ride this year and the plan — before Encarnacion got hurt — was for the All-Star to start Game 3 in left .
He replaced Encarnacion in the second and went 0 for 5 .
UP NEXT
Carrasco went 11-3 with a 2.65 ERA in 17 road starts . Tanaka , who struck out a career-high 15 in his last start , will be making his second post-season start for the Yankees . He lost the wild-card game in 2015 .
By Tom Withers , The Associated Press
The city of Sarasota has declared a local state of emergency due to beach erosion on Lido Beach , city officials said Wednesday .
Officials say waves from Subtropical Storm Alberto have eroded the beach down to nothing in some areas .
`` It 's a dire situation , '' said City Manager Tom Barwin . `` In some parts , the beach is nonexistent leaving private property , wildlife nesting areas and infrastructure exposed and in jeopardy . ''
The emergency declaration allows the city to seek financial assistance .
The state Department of Environmental Protection will aid Lido Beach property owners in getting permits to put out sandbags and sand to fight the erosion .
The city says it is also pursuing short- and long-term solutions for renourishing the beach .
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this . Download the 10 News app now .
Have a news tip ? Email tips @ wtsp.com , visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed .
© 2018 WTSP
Westfield - Westfield Bank has announced that Sean Millane has been appointed Retail Banking Officer and Branch Manager of the bank 's Enfield , Conn. office . Additionally , the bank has announced that Anne Faunce , Assistant Vice President and Branch Manager at the bank 's Granby , Conn. office will relocate to the bank 's main office in Westfield and Anthony Roda , Retail Banking Officer and branch manager , will relocate from the bank 's Enfield , Conn. office to the Granby , Conn. office .
Sean Millane joined Westfield Bank in 2014 and has held key management positions in retail banking and commercial lending . He will now focus on business development and deposit growth for the bank 's Enfield , Conn. office where he will also serve as Branch Manager . Millane graduated from Providence College with a bachelor 's degree in finance . He holds a certificate in financial planning from Florida State University and completed the commercial lending program of the Connecticut and Massachusetts Bankers Associations . Just prior to joining Westfield Bank , Millane was Assistant Vice President and Branch Officer of the East Windsor , Conn. branch of Rockville Bank . Over the course of his banking career , he has held various positions including Commercial and Industrial Lending Business Development Officer , Consumer Investment Specialist , Financial Specialist , Credit Risk Specialist , and Mutual Funds Portfolio Pricing Analyst . He obtained FINRA Series 6,7 and 63 licenses . In his hometown of Ellington , Conn. , Millane has served on the Board of Education and has volunteered in Little League and youth soccer programs .
Anthony Roda joined the Bank in 2017 as Retail Banking Officer and Branch Manager at the bank 's Enfield , Conn. office . He will now be responsible for sales , service and operations at the bank 's Granby , Conn. office . Previously , Mr. Roda was Vice President and Branch Manager at the Amherst , office of TD Bank and prior to that he was a Mortgage Consultant at KeyBank in West Springfield . He holds an associate 's degree in Computer Technology from P & C Institute of Technology . In the community , Mr. Roda has volunteered with Special Olympics , Habitat for Humanity , and the Wounded Warrior 's Project . He resides in Springfield .
Anne Faunce joined the bank in 2017 as Assistant Vice President and Branch Manager at the Bank 's Granby , Conn. office . She will now be responsible for sales , service and operations at the bank 's main office at 141 Elm St. , Westfield . Faunce is a graduate of Framingham State College with a Bachelor of Science degree in merchandising . She has 24 years of banking experience , most recently with KeyBank , where she served as Vice President and Licensed Branch Manager in Southwick . She began her banking career with Westbank as a teller and through three mergers , held various positions including Assistant Manager , Branch Manager , Branch Coordinator , Operations Officer , and Area Sales Manager . While working for First Niagara Bank , Faunce obtained her investment licenses , starting with series 6 and 63 , then series 7 and 66 . A native and life-long resident of Westfield , she has served on the Board of both the Greater Westfield Chamber of Commerce and the Chicopee Chamber of Commerce . She has also volunteered with Westfield and Southwick schools and the Greater Westfield Credit for Life Fair .
Westfield Bank is a federally chartered stock savings bank that is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) . Founded in 1853 , the Bank has twenty-one full-service offices in Agawam , Chicopee , East Longmeadow , Feeding Hills , Holyoke , Ludlow , South Hadley , Southwick , Springfield , Ware , Westfield , and West Springfield , Massachusetts ; and Enfield and Granby , Connecticut .
Platinum Stars striker Bongi Ntuli has been playing with a broken arm in the last two Premier Soccer League outings and will likely compete with the injury again on Saturday against champions Bidvest Wits before being able to give the limb an opportunity to recover over the festive holidays .
The 26-year-old forward hurt his arm a fortnight ago in a fall .
“ But he 's been playing with it .
`` We 've strapped up to protect it and he 's been doing alright .
`` He scored a goal last Wednesday ( against Polokwane City ) and he 's created a lot of chances in other games‚ ” explained coach Roger de Sa .
“ So he 's going to keep on going like that . ”
Stars meet Wits in a battle of the bottom two at Bidvest Stadium on Saturday after De Sa 's side lost to Kaizer Chiefs at home at the weekend .
“ We have a lack of personnel and we looked a yard slower and not as sharp as we were on Wednesday night ( when they beat Polokwane City 1-0 away ) .
“ Hopefully we can strengthen the squad with a few players in the January transfer window‚ to add a bit of depth and a bit of quality‚ ” De Sa added
“ We are trying but it 's going to be difficult .
`` Everybody is fighting the same fight but hopefully we can bring in players in areas that we need and give us a bit depth‚ even to create some competition for places . “ We need four quality players to make it more competitive‚ not only on the field but within ourselves .
`` Some of these players know they are going to play week in and week out and we need that motivation as well . ”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Kim Kardashian is at it again .
But this time , she 's gone pretty much full frontal in her attempts to break the internet .
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star , who recently welcomed her third child with husband Kanye West , stripped off completely to advertise her new perfume range .
The 37-year-old showed off her body in a series of pictures posted to Twitter , captioning each one with the web address for her fragrance line .
One snap focuses on her bottom half .
( Image : Twitter )
( Image : Twitter )
Everything from her toned tummy to her , erm , completely hair-free private parts are on display .
Slight tan lines leave behind the outline of a tiny pair of knickers , while the star protects what 's left of her modesty by crossing her legs .
A second picture features her top half , minus her head .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Her left arm is crossed over her body to hide her nipples , although one still made an appearance and had to be blurred .
Kim 's ample assets again reveal slight tan lines , and her au natural look is finished off with a slight slick of pale nail varnish .
The reality beauty then brought both images together in a collage sure to make eyes pop out of people 's heads in a cartoon-like fashion .
( Image : Twitter )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Kim 's followers were viciously divided over the snaps .
While some praised her for being a modern woman who celebrates her body , others slammed her for flashing the flesh .
One said : `` So f * * * * * g embarrassing . You have an amazing body but I feel sorry for your kids when they grow up and their friends see this s * * t ''
And another hit back : `` Girl it 's 2018 ... we are n't in 1850 , she and all women should be able to show and do anything they want with their own body . I.e it 's not your body so why are you so pressed ? Is she posting your body ? No ! So why do you care so much ? ''
( Image : Twitter )
( Image : Instagram )
One celebrated Kim , writing : `` Why is everyone so against this ? There 's nothing wrong or disgusting about the naked body . Why would her kids be ashamed of this ? She looks INCREDIBLE . If I had her body I 'd be showing it off too . ''
But another said : `` We are tired of her naked body .. We 've see it already .. ``
This is far from the first time Kim has stripped naked for social media .
The reality star regularly poses up for scantily-clad snaps and certainly is n't shy about sharing them with the world .
Just the other day , she stripped for a sexy photoshoot , recruiting her rapper hubby to take the snaps .
A political typhoon has suddenly burst in on the heart of the Cabinet in the form of new Defence Secretary Gavin Williamson , who promises – or threatens – to blow a gust of realism into the Westminster scene .
Williamson , the Scarborough-born former Chief Whip , was barely known outside Westminster – but within days of his new appointment , he was making big headlines throughout Fleet Street , including a reported spectacular bust-up with Chancellor Philip Hammond .
He has warned British jihadist terrorists that they would be hunted down and eliminated . But above all , he has been bold enough to tell Chancellor Philip Hammond he could take no more “ freebies ” using RAF aircraft until he had paid the bill for previous trips . The bill was immediately paid .
This move apparently followed a reported row between the two Cabinet ministers , in which the Prime Minister had to intervene , telling them to grow up . Williamson 's problem , although it should be regarded as a virtue , is that he says , in plain , uncluttered English , what most of the country thinks . Yet , surprise , surprise , he is being branded “ childish ” , even by some of his own colleagues , for expressing such views as those he expressed about British jihadists . That 's the trouble with Westminster-speak – politicians tend to tiptoe around issues with feeble euphemisms , rather than charging into the heart of the matter and saying bluntly what they really mean .
So when someone like Williamson , who kept a tarantula spider on his desk when Chief Whip , speaks his mind without shilly-shallying about , he simply shocks traditional parliamentarians yet is applauded by the public at large .
Williamson is a force of nature , whose talents were recognised by David Cameron and Theresa May . He is the man to blow away the cobwebs of obfuscation which bedevil the British political scene . He will bring a gale of fresh air to the proceedings and could before long be included in the bookmakers ' lists as a possible successor to Theresa May . Watch this space .
There is now indisputable evidence that large sums of British aid abroad are falling into the wrong hands – even into the hands of people and organisations which would do harm to the UK and to other democratic countries in the West .
This is , of course , an intolerable situation and a huge test for Penny Mordaunt , the new International Development Secretary .
Ms Mordaunt , who has a Royal Navy background , has shown herself to be a no-nonsense minister in the lower ranks . Now she needs to get a grip with this scandal – and I think Theresa May has every confidence that she will .
Of course Britain should always come to the aid of those starving and in dire poverty . But it is intolerable that these pay-outs are apparently so badly monitored that money is falling into the hands not only of undeserving people but , worse , to those who are our enemies . What makes it worse is that at the same time , British nurses and other public servants are suffering under a tight pay cap . Let there be no more delay .
Way back in 1963 , I was deeply involved in the saga of John Profumo and Christine Keeler , who has just died .
I always felt sorry for Keeler : she was a young , hugely impressionable woman who was disgracefully exploited by powerful and ruthless men twice her age and more . As she has since said , she enjoyed that period , but if she had known what was going to happen as a result , she would “ have run off and not stopped until I reached my mum 's home ” .
Those sordid and seedy events destroyed Keeler 's life , destroyed Profumo 's career ( that was his own fault ) and destroyed Harold Macmillan 's Tory Government .
What are we to make of the ‘ breakthrough ' achieved by the Prime Minister in her early-morning dash to Brussels last week , with her mumbling Brexit Secretary , David Davis ?
Reaction to it has ranged from “ triumph ” ( Mrs May 's own entourage ) to “ humiliation ” ( Nigel Farage , former Ukip leader ) . It has received general approval from most Brexiteers , although few of them seem to be over the moon about it . And even some Remainers have registered grudging approval .
But when the normally hard-faced Brussels negotiators seem pleased with it , I think you have to be wary . But then , I am only an old cynic .
KITCHENER — The collector lanes of northbound Highway 85 were closed Wednesday afternoon after a construction excavator tipped onto its side and slammed into the underside of the railway bridge that crosses over the highway .
The incident occurred just after 1 p.m. Ontario Provincial Police closed the collector lanes while waiting for an engineer to arrive and determine the structural safety of the bridge , which is just south of Wellington Street North .
OPP Const . Lauren Ball said the excavator was driving alongside a trench near the highway embankment when the asphalt gave way . Kitchener firefighters responded and helped extricate the operator of the vehicle after he became trapped inside , but he was uninjured .
for MORE than two centuries , Middleham – one-time home of King Richard III – has been synonymous with the sport of kings . Derby and Grand National winners have been trained from this quiet corner of Wensleydale where horses continue to reign supreme .
As its open day showed , horse racing drives the rural economy in these parts and the commitment of stable staff – the sport 's unsung heroes – is second to none . To them , every horse is a champion and treated as such . For , while it is the lucky owners , trainer and jockey who take the plaudits after each triumph , racing is , in fact , the ultimate team sport and such engaging events shine a light on those working tirelessly behind-the-scenes to ensure the horses in their charge are treated like royalty .
Rivers Solomon 's An Unkindness of Ghosts is the kind of novel I need to describe in terms of what it did to me . Reading it , I felt it carving out a vastness inside me , pouring itself into me like so many stars , and the more I read the bigger I felt , falling down a rabbit-hole of sky and wanting only to go deeper and farther with every page .
Aster lives on a generation ship called Matilda , organized much like an antebellum plantation in space : The black and brown people on the lower decks , tightly policed by vicious guards and overseers , do the hard labor that enables the white people in the upper decks to hoard wealth , heat , and comfort . The upperdeckers also hoard religion ; their Sovereignty , a sort of limited constitutional monarchy , claims that every sin committed by lowdeckers widens the gulf between Matilda and the Promised Land they 've been in search of for 325 years .
Orphaned as an infant by her mother 's suicide , neuroatypical , and ambiguously gendered among those who hold to rigid binaries , Aster is an outsider to most of her social groups : Her bunkmates mock her and her fellow lowdeckers are confused by her . In spite of her differences , she 's respected for the extensive medical knowledge she 's gleaned from her dead mother 's journals , and for her curious friendship with an upperdecker who 's almost as much of an anomaly as she is : Theo , the Surgeon General , a light-skinned bastard son of the former Sovereign . With his support , and using the resources of a secret greenhouse she calls her botanarium , Aster navigates Matilda 's horrors to bring succour and healing where she can .
But there 's something wrong with Matilda 's power source — something connected to the current ailing Sovereign , and more importantly , to Aster 's lost mother , Lune . With her sometimes-friend , sometimes-antagonist Giselle 's help , Aster begins decoding Lune 's journals to trace the mystery of her mother 's death and the secrets at Matilda 's heart .
To name a thing Solomon does in this book is to praise it . I loved the way each deck had its own dialect , how lowdeckers explored those differences with each other and learned each other 's languages . I loved the attention to gender variance , to queerness , and the rooting of rigidity around gender in the ruling class ' obsession with policing black bodies . I loved the exploration , in several heartbreaking scenes , of how enslavement breeds cruelty along an intersecting circuitry of lines among lowdeckers , as everyone tries their best to survive . I loved the clarity and precision of the prose , which felt like drinking cool water on an empty stomach , like being limned in light on the inside . Most of all , though , I loved Aster 's voice , Aster 's perspective on the world , Aster 's anger and her fierce , unrelenting kindness to those she loves , no matter how they hurt her .
When I finished An Unkindness of Ghosts and put it down , I almost immediately picked it up again to re-read from the beginning , to admire how early certain seeds were sown , how thoroughly integrated were its plantation roots into space-faring soil . This book is not an allegory for life on plantations : it 's a transposition , and through it an interrogation , an investigation , of the falsehoods and broken memories of a nightmare past . It drags up pervasive stereotypes of happy mammies and consenting love between slaver and enslaved and vivisects them , the dextrous voices of characters like Aint Melusine and Giselle deployed like scalpels to part the inflamed skin of bad history .
I sometimes hated an overseer so much that I had to put the book down to imagine all the ways in which I wanted him to die . I picked it up again to see Aster and Giselle imagining the same things .
What Solomon achieves with this debut — the sharpness , the depth , the precision — puts me in mind of a syringe full of stars . I want to say about this book , its only imperfection is that it ended . But that might give the wrong impression : that it is a happy book , a book that makes a body feel good . It is not a happy book . I love it like I love food , I love it for what it did to me , I love it for having made me feel stronger and more sure in a nightmare world , but it is not a happy book . It is an antidote to poison . It is inoculation against pervasive , enduring disease . Like a vaccine , it is briefly painful , leaves a lingering soreness , but armors you from the inside out .
Amal El-Mohtar is the Hugo Award-winning author of The Honey Month and the editor of Goblin Fruit , an online poetry magazine .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
The man who pulled a knife on police and escaped custody last week appeared in court on 23 April .
Dorlin Allen Ebanks also known as Allan Barnett pleaded guilty four out of six charges when he appeared in summary court . Mr. Ebanks pleaded guilty to destruction to police property , and escaping custody and two drug charges . He pleaded not guilty to making threats to kill and shouting explicit at police . All charges stemmed from an incident last Tuesday in West Bay .
He was remanded to custody pending investigations from the crown counsel and sentencing .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Two recently exonerated men , wrongfully imprisoned for nearly 20 years , are now facing deportation.Arturo DeLeon-Reyes and Gabriel Solache were convicted of kidnapping and murder in 1998 after now-retired Chicago Police Department detective Reynaldo Guevara said the pair confessed to the stabbing death of a Chicago couple.DeLeon-Reyes and Solache contended that Guevara had beat them into confessing . In December , a judge found that Guevara , now retired , lied when he said that DeLeon-Reyes and Solache had confessed . Prosecutors said they had no choice but to drop the charges after the judge 's decision to throw out DeLeon-Reyes and Solache 's confessions.Released nearly two decades later , the men now seek `` U-visas , '' which are special visas for victims of crime to keep them from getting deported.But they need law enforcement to sign certification forms acknowledging that they were victims of crime . `` I want to return to my home country of Mexico , but first I would like to take care of my business here without worrying about immigration , '' Solache said.The city of Chicago 's legal department and the Cook County state 's attorney both declined to comment citing litigation.At least four other inmates spent years behind bars before their allegations against Guevara helped set them free .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
MARK MORAN / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Dr. I.H . Kathio , back , holds the bullet he removed from her leg and provided care to the wounded cat for free after the cat was shot in Plymouth . MARK MORAN / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Dr. Inayat Kathio holds a pregnant cat from whose leg he removed a bullet . He provided care to the wounded cat after the animal was shot in Plymouth .
Police are looking for the person who shot a pregnant cat that was found wounded over the weekend in Plymouth .
An animal rescue group brought the cat to a local veterinarian in the middle of the night Saturday and the animal doctor once again did the work for free .
“ I 'm intoxicated with helping animals , ” said Dr. Inayat Kathio , who runs the Pittston Animal Hospital and an emergency clinic in Wilkes-Barre .
Kathio said he had just finished Friday 's 8 p.m. to midnight shift at the emergency clinic when he got the call about the wounded cat , which was shot in the left leg and bleeding badly . He told the group to immediately bring the cat to his hospital in Pittston .
“ They were looking for a veterinarian who could help because they did n't have the money , ” Kathio recalled . “ I said do n't worry about the money , just come down . ”
The cat suffered a fractured leg , torn tendons and muscles and ruptured blood vessels . Kathio completed the surgery by 5:30 a.m .
“ Now you can see the cat is walking very well . She does n't even know she had a fractured leg or a bullet stuck in her leg or a cut tendon , ” said Kathio , who recovered the bullet .
Judging by how friendly the cat is , Kathio believes she 's a pet .
“ She is such a friendly cat . I have never seen a friendly cat like this , ” he said .
The cat , which is around one year old , is several weeks pregnant , he said . The cat will likely be put up for adoption after she heals , he said .
Now Kathio said he wants to find the shooter .
“ I am looking for the person who did this to this pregnant cat to bring them to justice , ” Kathio said .
Anyone with information can call Plymouth police at 570-779-2147 .
Contact the writer :
bkalinowski @ citizensvoice.com ;
570-821-2055 ;
@ cvbobkal on Twitter
Lika Petrovskaya , a 16-year-old who wore a bloodied white dress at the protest , said their goal was `` to attract attention to the political repressions , '' including the imprisonment of Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov . Another five activists were also detained Tuesday while they were distributing leaflets calling for Sentsov 's release .
Sentsov , a vocal opponent of Russia 's annexation of Crimea , was sentenced in 2015 to 20 years for conspiracy to commit terror acts . He denied the charges and has been on a hunger strike since mid-May .
___
2:43 p.m .
After impressing at the World Cup , Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag .
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers ' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander `` has n't gone unnoticed . '' Halldorsson 's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina .
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got `` a concrete bid from Qarabag , which we have accepted . '' Details of the deal were not released .
Halldorsson , who played 69 games for the team , said `` it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure . ''
By The Associated Press
When speaking on violence in Charlottesville , Virginia over the weekend , President Trump 's national security adviser said it `` meets the definition of terrorism . ''
H.R . McMaster said on ABC 's `` This Week '' that `` anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear , it is terrorism . ''
White nationalists gathered in in Charlottesville , Virginia on Saturday where they chanted Nazi slogans and carried Confederate flags and torches . During their `` Unite the Right '' march , they were met by counterprotesters . Around 1:45 p.m. , a car driven by 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. , of Ohio , plowed through protesters .
Heather Heyer , 32 , was killed , and more were injured .
Fields was photographed at the rally carrying the wooden shield of Vanguard America , a white supremacist organization identifies as `` the face of American fascism . ''
`` We can not tolerate this kind of bigotry , this kind of hatred . And what he did is he called on all Americans to take a firm stand against it , '' McMaster said on the ABC program . `` This is a great opportunity for us to ask ourselves what are we teaching our children ? Tolerance has to overcome this kind of hatred , this kind of hatred that is grounded , really , in ignorance . Ignorance of our values and what makes us unique as Americans . Our commitment to each other , our commitment to freedom , liberty , tolerance , and rights for all of us . ''
Shifting Trade Talks With China Head Toward Confrontation David Greene talks to Amy Celico , who was in the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative under President George W. Bush , about the U.S. moving forward with punitive tariffs .
Ferrer , Muguruza break Australian hearts in Brisbane
by Reuters News 02 Jan 2017 , 16:36 IST
REUTERS - David Ferrer sent local favourite Bernard Tomic packing with an easy 6-3 7-5 win in the opening round of the Brisbane International on Monday .
The eighth-seeded Spaniard capitalised on Tomic 's poor serve , breaking the flat-looking Australian three times to clinch the first set at the Pat Rafter Arena .
They traded service holds through the second set until the final game when Tomic 's eighth double fault sealed Ferrer 's comprehensive win .
`` All tennis players have pressure , but at this moment of my career , I need to enjoy these types of matches on Centre Court , '' Ferrer said .
`` I am 34 years old , 35 next month , so I hope I will play a little bit longer , '' added the Spaniard who faces another Australian , wildcard Jordan Thompson , in the second round .
Nicolas Mahut staged a brilliant comeback against Stephane Robert to win the all-French contest 4-6 6-3 6-4 . He will meet the winner of the clash between seventh seed Grigor Dimitrov and Steve Johnson .
In the women 's event , fourth seed Garbine Muguruza staved off Samantha Stosur 's spirited comeback , prevailing 7-5 6-7 ( 2 ) 7-5 in a three-hour battle that ended in disappointment for the partisan crowd .
The 2016 French Open champion saved three set points to surge ahead and broke Stosur twice early in the second set .
Stosur mounted a strong reply , racing into a 4-2 lead in the decider before Muguruza staged a comeback of her own to book her place in the second round against Daria Kasatkina .
Sixth seed Elina Svitolina eased into the second round with a 6-3 6-3 victory over Olympic champion Monica Puig .
`` My game was quite solid . I did n't do so many unforced errors , which is good , because with a couple of changes it can happen , '' the world number 14 said .
( Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi , ; editing by Ed Osmond )
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
MOOSIC — Gas from a rusted propane tank filled the basement of a borough home this morning , but firefighters dealt with it and prevented an explosion , Fire Chief Chuck Molinaro said .
Authorities received a report about 10:15 a.m. of a strong gas odor behind the borough building , 715 Main St . Firefighters found the propane tank , left alone for years , had rusted enough to release gas through a dryer exhaust into the basement of the unoccupied , 719 half of 719-721 Hamlin Court. , Chief Molinaro said .
Tests showed a high gas reading in the basement before firefighters opened windows to clear the gas . The tank was removed , the chief said .
— BORYS KRAWCZENIUK
MORE than 160,000 victims of domestic violence in England withdrew their support for a prosecution last year , and the cases fell through as a consequence . That 's a third of all victims . Lack of evidence saw another 100,000 cases dropped despite the fact that a suspect had been named and identified .
For many years , I have been advising victims and campaigning for greater support and awareness of a crime that affects millions of lives in Britain .
Victims of domestic violence live in a harrowing matrix of lies and fear , which they often can not escape from without help from the police and other professionals . But what happens when that help is not available ?
In 2014 , the Home Office launched a new crime statistics framework with 21 potential outcomes for recorded crimes . The aim was to replace the high number of cases recorded as 'undetected ' . A few years in , my team , which often represents people who are being abused at home , wanted to understand just how many accusations of abuse result in a formal charge . So we asked police forces across the country to share their date about recorded outcomes of domestic crimes for the past two years .
I was expecting to learn that some cases were discontinued , but to read that a staggering 34 per cent of cases nationally were dropped because the victim withdrew their support for a prosecution was a revelation – and not the positive kind . A further 23 per cent of cases is discontinued because of a lack of evidence , despite the fact that the victim supported a prosecution , and despite the fact that a suspect had been named and identified .
Across Yorkshire 's police forces in 2016 , 12,223 domestic violence crimes did not result in a charge due to evidential difficulties . In 14,533 instances , the victim withdrew support after making a formal accusation that a crime had taken place .
Victims who live with their abuser are at serious risk of further harm after they have reported the violence . They need an immediate and significant amount of practical and emotional support to maintain the accusation through to a prosecution .
Although not all survivors of domestic abuse want to see the perpetrator face prosecution , my experience tells me that many do . Sadly , our research shows just how frequently victims of domestic violence find themselves unable to provide evidence , or to support a charge and prosecution due to very real fears about their personal safety . When children are involved , it gets even more complicated .
The first formal accusation of domestic violence is rarely the first incidence . Victims of may have found the courage to come forward in a moment of confidence , but their fears about their ongoing safety may leave them in a position where they no longer want to support a complaint . Victims are often either unable to provide evidence about their abuse , or decide to withdraw what evidence they have presented , because they feel coming forward will put themselves , their children and family at significant risk .
It requires a targeted effort to help them through the days , weeks and months that follow but sadly , Government cuts means such help is often no longer available .
These latest figures clearly demonstrate that far greater resources are needed to support victims , and to identify alternative avenues of building a case without putting the victim at risk .
I regularly speak to police officers who deal with domestic abuse and I fully appreciate that they have a challenging job ; these crimes are complex , sometimes subtle and often difficult to identify . Crimes of domestic violence come in many shades of grey and these figures tell us that more resources and more training for officers is required so that more of these offences result in a formal charge .
All too often , women simply do not feel safe enough to leave despite having had the courage to make a true and recognised accusation to the police . In the very worst cases , they lose their lives to their abuser .
Victims must never be blamed for coming forward , if justice is to be served on a greater scale .
While the Government pledges more support , it has so far mostly been cutting funding for refuges and other support organisations – making it harder to guarantee the personal safety of victims and their children .
Apparently , Theresa May is looking into the handling of domestic abuse . She has even promised to transform how the problem is dealt with ; something that is clearly called for . But transformations do n't come cheap and I fear that front line services will continue to struggle with a lack of resources .
While we wait for Mrs May to deliver , I want to urge everyone in the front line to go just a little bit further in supporting those brave men and women who come forward as victims of domestic abuse . Rest assured that many more , never do .
Emma Pearmaine is director of family services at Yorkshire law firm Simpson Millar .
The Supreme Court further directed the centre and states to conduct a social audit on the implementation of the BOCW Act to ensure effective implementation . Photo : Mint
New Delhi : The Supreme Court on Monday directed the central and state governments to implement two legislations that govern the welfare of construction workers in the unorganized sector .
The laws are Building and Other Construction Workers ( Regulation of Employment and Conditions of Service ) Act ( BOCW Act ) , 1996 , and the Building and Other Construction Workers ' Welfare Cess Act , 1996 .
Noting that the “ information regarding the collection and utilization of cess suggests nothing but a complete mess ” , the apex court directed the labour ministry , state governments and Union territory administrations to establish and strengthen the machinery for registration of establishments and construction workers , as well as collection of statutory welfare cess , within a specified time frame .
The court also directed the labour ministry to frame a comprehensive model scheme for education , health , social security , old age and disability pension and other benefits for construction workers .
This scheme should be drafted in consultation with all stakeholders , including non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) who are actually working at the grassroots level with construction workers , on or before 30 September , the court said .
The court further directed the centre and states to conduct a social audit on the implementation of the BOCW Act to ensure effective implementation .
“ There can be no doubt that the BOCW Act and its sister legislation , the Cess Act , are social justice legislation . They were enacted keeping in mind the Directive Principles of State Policy , particularly Article 39 of the Constitution , which requires the State to direct its policy to secure the health and strength of workers and Article 42 of the Constitution concerning just and humane conditions of work . In addition , Article 21 of the Constitution can not be forgotten , ” the judgement noted .
The directions were issued by a bench comprising justices M.B . Lokur and Deepak Gupta on a public interest litigation case filed by non-profit National Campaign Committee for Central Legislation on Construction Labour .
The petition alleged non-utilization of statutory cess levied on real estate firms for the welfare of construction workers .
Copyright 2017 NPR . To see more , visit http : //www.npr.org/ .
DAVID GREENE , HOST :
Good morning . I 'm David Greene . Actually , great morning , if you 're Carlos Correa . He 's the shortstop for the Houston Astros , who won the World Series last night . He spoke on the field to FOX .
( SOUNDBITE OF FOX NEWS BROADCAST )
UNIDENTIFIED REPORTER : You 've dreamed of this your whole life , this feeling . Is it everything you thought it would be ?
CARLOS CORREA : It 's everything and more .
GREENE : And on camera , he turned to his girlfriend .
( SOUNDBITE OF FOX NEWS BROADCAST )
CORREA : You make me the happiest man in the world . Will you marry me ?
GREENE : One championship ring , one engagement ring , not a bad night . It 's MORNING EDITION . Transcript provided by NPR , Copyright NPR .
An appeal has been made to trace the movements of a black Ford transit van after the driver was assaulted and the vehicle taken .
North Yorkshire Police said the victim , a 26-year-old Selby , man was driving from York towards Selby when he was attacked in a layby on the A19 between Riccall and Barlby .
Anyone who saw the van is asked to contact the police
He suffered minor injuries in the assault , which happened at around 10pm on Wednesday , January 31 .
The van , which has two white stripes on the bonnet and grey bumpers , was later seen on the A1 in West Yorkshire the early hours of February 1 . It was in the Pontefract area at around 2.20am , and near to Monk Fryston shortly before 3.30am .
The vehicle was then found at around 9am on Thursday , February 1 , in Barlow , near Selby , police said .
Anybody who saw the van following the assault is asked to call the York Serious Crime Team on 01609 643279 or 101 with the reference 12180018379 .
Most millennials know what it 's like to have a housemate . Often , they 're not actually our friends , but a friend 's cousin 's colleague , or a total stranger we found on the Internet . Sure , sometimes it works out fine , but other times , it does n't . And even if your housemate is a friend , that 's not necessarily much easier . When things start going badly with housemates , your home life can quickly become toxic and even take a toll on your mental health . If you already struggle with anxiety this can be bad news . In fact , there are signs your housemates could be contributing to your anxiety .
If you can relate to this article more than you 'd probably like , let me reassure you that while anxiety is a painfully difficult condition to live with , it 's surprisingly common . According to mental health charity Anxiety UK , one in six people will experience anxiety conditions , with 3 million people living with a anxiety disorder at any given time . `` Anxiety is completely normal , '' the organisation stresses on its website . `` It is something that we all experience to some level . Anxiety is useful to us as it tells us that something is dangerous and that we need to be careful . However , if anxiety gets out of control or stops you from doing everyday things , then this can lead to us feeling unhappy , upset , and frustrated . ''
Symptoms of anxiety can include grinding you teeth , panic attacks , nausea , headaches , backaches , a racing heartbeat , and more . It 's not easy but you can stay top on things . As we all know , prevention is better than cure . So how do you prevent anxiety ? You identify your triggers . Could one of your triggers be your housemates ? Have a look at the list below and decide for yourself .
1 You Feel Stressed When You Walk Through The Front Door Chelsea Victoria/Stocksy Home is meant to be a haven . When you walk through the front door and close it behind you , you should n't feel anxious . You should feel relaxed . If that 's not the case and you feel worse when you get in , or worried about who you might bump into in the hallway , that 's not a good sign . You should feel comfortable to be yourself at home . Not feeling you have that option can take its toll . `` It is important to notice if you feel like you are having to walk on eggshells or sensor yourself for fear of a lecture or ridicule from your roommate , '' Nicole Richardson , a counsellor and therapist , previously told Bustle . You deserve to feel comfortable at home .
2 Your Housemate Behaves Negatively Towards You Jessica Sharmin/Stocksy We really do feed off other people 's energy . As Calm Clinic says , `` if you spend a lot of your free time with negative people or people that want to create stress around them , that stress is often going to rub off on you . '' You ca n't control how someone else is feeling , and if your housemate is someone you care about , chances are you may want to support them to feel better themselves . But you are entitled to remove yourself from situations that are having a negative impact on your own mental health . Do n't be afraid to take a step back .
3 Your Housemate Owes You Money Jessica Sharmin/Stocksy Someone is always in charge of the bills , and if it 's you , you 're often chasing people for money . This is sickeningly stressful , especially if it means you 're paying out and waiting for them to pay you back . It can affect other areas of your life , too , leaving you with less cash to spend on fun . Try to talk to your housemate about setting up direct debits , or having a house fund , so this does n't happen . It can also cut the other way if you have a housemate who buys `` communal '' stuff without checking in first and then sends you the bill . In this instance , a written agreement about who pays for what might be called for .
4 Your Housemate Always Has Friends Over Jovo Jovanovic/Stocksy You may be able to put a brave social face on in the day , but when you come home , if you 're mentally or physically exhausted , you might not want to face people . If you suffer from social anxiety , it can be challenging if you housemate constantly has friends coming and going , or worse , staying over . The obligation to chit chat can be tough , and you may feel awkward just being around them . Hiding away in your room makes you feel even worse . Try and set some ground rules about what level of space and privacy you need .
5 You 're Losing Out On Sleep Andrey Pavlov/Stocksy In order for me to function , I need eight hours of sleep , which requires a dark , cool , room , an eye mask , and no noise . If I lived with someone who watched TV on full volume late at night , I 'd struggle . Knowing you 're losing out on sleep can make you feel more anxious , and anxiety makes it harder to fall asleep , so this is a really vicious cycle . `` The hormone cortisol can build up through stress , anxiety and continuous late nights . Ideally , aim to be fast asleep by midnight , so that cortisol levels can dip to their lowest between midnight and 4am , '' Sarah Flower , a nutritionist at Power Health tells me .
6 The Mess Is Getting To You J.R. Photography/Stocksy Someone else constantly makes mess that you feel obliged to clean up can be really anxiety-inducing and to be honest , just plain annoying . It 's not something you should have to deal with . A study by UCLA 's Center on Everyday Lives and Families , reported by HouseLogic , found that the stress hormone peaked for women in cluttered spaces . Having a bathroom that is not only messy but actually dirty would really stress me out , but it 's not fair to do all the cleaning yourself . Your housemate should respect your need for a clean and tidy space , and adapt their behaviour in communal spaces accordingly .
7 You Feel Left Out Alexandr Ivanets/Stocksy Feeling left out is horrible , but when it 's in your own home , it 's even worse . Social exclusion anxiety is a very real issue and can be pretty serious . `` It happens every day , and a lot of people experience great distress because of it , '' counsellor and trauma therapist William Bratt explains on his website . `` It is the fear of being labeled deficient or possessing characteristics that are deemed undesirable by the larger social units we affiliate with . ''
Ferris Opens Fall Camp WITH ? s
As the Ferris Yellowjackets opened fall camp this week , with final preparations being made before their September 1 kick-off versus Bonham High School at home , head coach Brandon Layne said there are still some position battles on-going . Quarterback is a toss-up between senior Riley Fagan and junior Kobe Lankford ; Fagan standing as the incumbent after passing for 733 yards and 8 TDs in 2016 , completing 52 percent of his passes , while Lankford spent last season playing sparingly at wide receiver . Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News . Be informed , subscribe today !
Comments
comments
Japan captain retiring after World Cup dreams dashed
Tokyo , Jul 4 ( AFP ) Japan captain Makoto Hasebe has announced his retirement from the national team , on the heels of the squad 's heartbreaking ejection from the World Cup in a match against Belgium .
`` I have decided to end the chapter of my career with the national team with this tournament , '' Hasebe wrote on his Instagram account .
The 34-year-old defensive midfielder 's departure from the Blue Samurai could mean a changing of the guard for the team , with former AC Milan striker Keisuke Honda , 32 , also saying he plans to retire from the national squad .
Hasebe , who won the German Cup with Eintracht Frankfurt last season , has been on the national team for more than 12 years under five coaches .
This year 's World Cup is his third , after South Africa in 2010 and Brazil in 2014 , and saw his team come heartstoppingly close to the quarterfinals before crashing out against Belgium .
Japan were ousted after Belgium came from behind to win 3-2 in their first match in the knock-out round .
The team will head next to the Asian Cup in the United Arab Emirates early next year , and may also be looking for a new coach .
Akira Nishino , who took over months before the World Cup after the controversial firing of his predecessor Vahid Halilhodzic , has been tightlipped on his future plans despite reports he could be replaced
NATIONAL
Jeju naval base ( Yonhap )
The South Korean government decided Tuesday to quit a lawsuit against residents on Jeju Island and activists for having obstructed the construction of a major naval base there.The government approved a related motion at the Cabinet meeting , effectively putting an end to a longtime conflict with the protesters and the local community.In March 2016 , the Navy filed the suit with the Seoul Central District Court to exercise its right to indemnity against 116 individuals and five entities.It cited losses of 3.45 billion won ( $ 3.16 million ) in taxpayer money from a delay in the construction work attributable to their fierce protests.The court delivered an offer to the government in late November to withdraw the suit and resolve all of the relevant legal issues . `` The government has decided to accept it for the healing of conflict and national unity , '' the Ministry of National Defense said in a statement.The retraction of the legal step is a campaign pledge of the left-leaning President Moon Jae-in.The construction of the Jeju base in the southern part of the semitropical island started in 2006 and was completed last year . ( Yonhap )
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE DelawareOnline 's Ryan Cormier hosts a Facebook Live chat with Dogfish Head founder Sam Calagione at his bar and restaurant in Rehoboth Beach on Oct. 3 , 2017 .
Autumn is finally here and Delaware 's breweries have 20 fall beers ready and waiting . ( Photo : Getty Images )
While Dogfish Head 's Punkin Ale may be the original pumpkin beer -- still ranking as Dogfish 's sixth best-selling brew even though it 's only available September through November -- there are plenty of other Delaware pumpkin and fall beers out there as Halloween approaches .
STORY : After 23 years , Dogfish Head 's Punkin Ale finally gets six-packs
STORY : Troops benefit from military mom 's haunted house in Laurel
We did the hard-hitting research ( hiccup ! ) , contacted every brewery in the state and compiled a list of 21 different fresh seasonal beers that you can find on tap right now .
Prepare to gulp :
3rd Wave Brewing Co. ( 501 N. Bi-State Blvd. , Delmar ) -- Jack 'D Pumpkin Ale ( 6.9 % ABV ) , a Belgian style ale brewed with pumpkin puree , dark candi sugar and spices .
Argilla Brewing Co. ( 2667 Kirkwood Highway , Milltown ) — Boogsley 's Pumpkin Ale ( 6.5 % ABV ) , an ale brewed with fresh shredded pumpkin , along with cinnamon , nutmeg and clove spices .
Bellefonte Brewing Co. ( 3605 Old Capitol Trail , Unit C8 , Prices Corner ) — Oktoberfest Märzen ( 4.8 % ABV ) and Perils of Punky pumpkin ale ( 6.7 % ABV ) .
Big Oyster Brewery ( 1007 Kings Highway , near Lewes ) -- Shuckin Pumpkin ( 5.7 % ABV ) , a dark pumpkin ale , and Oystoberfest ( 6.7 % ABV ) , a traditional Oktoberfest Märzen .
Blue Earl Brewing Co. ( 210 Artisan Dr. , Smyrna ) — Body & Soul wee heavy/Scotch ale ( 7.7 % ABV ) .
Brick Works Brewing & Eats ( 230 S. Dupont Blvd. , Smyrna ) —The Wait Octoberfest Märzen ( 5.6 % ABV ) , Brick Works ' first lager , and S'mores Brown Ale ( 6.1 % ABV ) , which blends malts , cinnamon , marshmallows and chocolate .
Crooked Hammock Brewery ( 16989 Kings Highway , near Lewes ) — Jav-O-Lantern Pumpkin ( 7.4 % ABV ) , a dark ale with pumpkin smoked over cherry wood with a balance of smoke , spices , dark malts and dark roasted coffee beans .
Dogfish Head Craft Brewery ( 6 Village Center Blvd , Milton ) — Punkin Ale ( 7 % ABV ) , full-bodied brown ale with pumpkin , brown sugar and spice .
Buy Photo Cases of Dogfish Head 's Punkin Ale four-packs await shipment at Dogfish Head Brewery in Milton last year . ( Photo : JASON MINTO/THE NEWS JOURNAL )
Fordham & Dominion Brewery ( 1284 McD Dr. , Dover ) — Dominion Octoberfest ( 5.5 % ABV ) , a traditional Märzen , and Fordham Spiced Harvest Ale ( 6 % ABV ) , a medium-bodied ale spiced with cinnamon , ginger , honey , allspice , clove and pumpkin .
Gary 's Dewey Beach Grill ( 2000 Del . 1 , Dewey Beach ) -- Sweet Potato ESB ( 4.6 % ABV ) , made with pureed sweet potato and a pound of pure molasses .
Iron Hill Brewery ( Newark and Wilmington locations ) — Oktoberfest ( 6 % ABV ) , a traditional German festival beer , and Pumpkin Ale ( 5.5 % ABV ) , a medium-bodied copper ale .
Revelation Craft Brewing Co. ( 19841 Central St. , Rehoboth Beach ) — Smorter Porter ( 5.5 % ABV ) , a porter with cocoa nibs , grated cocoa and vanilla beans , Revelation Oktoberfest Märzen ( 5.5 % ABV ) , which was lagering for six weeks , and Pumpkin Saison ( 5.8 % ABV ) , made with brown sugar , cinnamon , clove and nutmeg .
Stewart 's Brewing Co. ( 219 Governors 's Place , Bear ) —Oktoberfest ( 6 % ABV ) , a Bavarian-style amber lager cold-conditioned for six weeks .
Volunteer Brewing Co. ( 120 W Main St. , Middletown ) — Volunteer Pumpkin Ale ( 6 % ABV ) , which will be available at the end of the month , was brewed with local Autumn Buckskin pumpkins from Filasky 's Produce in Middletown . Pints and Crowlers will be available at the brewery during its annual Trick or Treat on Main event Oct. 26 from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m .
Contact Ryan Cormier of The News Journal at rcormier @ delawareonline.com or ( 302 ) 324-2863 . Follow him on Facebook ( @ ryancormier ) , Twitter ( @ ryancormier ) and Instagram ( @ ryancormier ) .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.delawareonline.com/story/entertainment/2017/10/06/20-fall-and-pumpkin-beers-delaware-breweries/739660001/
HADLEY -- Shortly before town meeting voted 132 to 1 to withdraw from the Hampshire Council of Governments Thursday night , Select Board Chairwoman Molly Keegan said that if the agency can `` turn things around , '' Hadley could reconsider .
The Chairwoman said the town 's exit date from the Council is not until 2019 -- and that it is up to the agency , between now and then , to demonstrate to townsfolk if it would be worth their while to stay .
But for now , Hadley , which joined the council in 2010 , is waving goodbye .
`` We are trying to send a message , '' Keegan said . `` We are not happy . ''
She said , `` this is just a business decision ; we think it is appropriate . ''
Practically everyone in attendance agreed .
Reasons speakers gave to withdraw included the recent awarding of bonuses of up to $ 2,000 for each of the Council 's 14 employees , and a $ 25,000 bonus to the Council 's executive director Todd Ford -- issued back in 2015 .
The Ford bonus was awarded to him just days before the state Department of Public Utilities accused the agency of misleading the public during the Council 's failed attempt to organize a 35-town electricity purchasing cooperative . In a strongly worded decision , the DPU rejected the Council 's electricity aggregation idea -- that was years in the making . The Council spent more than $ 1 million in that losing effort .
Several at town meeting referred to the most recently completed independent audit , for fiscal 2016 , of the Council , which raised questions about the agency 's future viability , owing to operating budgets that for years have shown deficits , the audit says .
According to Ford , the agency turned a profit for that year .
As Thursday 's town meeting was about to start , current and former Council officials were standing outside , handing flyers to residents , urging them to remain with the Council .
One of the statements on the flyer read , in bold letters : `` LEAVING the Hampshire Council would HURT our TOWN ! ''
The flyer included 18 reasons why the town should remain with the Council .
One resident asked about `` Reason # 4 '' in the flyer , which said that withdrawing would place the health insurance of town employees in jeopardy .
The flyer said the Council serves as the `` Board of Trustees '' for the Hampshire County Group Insurance Trust .
`` Failure of the HCG would bring an immediate legal crisis regarding the future of the Group Insurance Trust , '' the flyer said .
In response to that concern , Keegan said she met recently with Joseph Shea , the insurance trust 's executive director , who said the Trust is composed of about 70 units and that it operates independent of the Council .
The `` Trust is a separate entity '' from the Council , Keegan told voters attending town meeting .
She said the threat of a `` legal crisis '' amounted to hyperbole .
Among those handing out the flyers was the Hampshire Council of Governments Board of Councilors Chairman William Barnett and former agency employee Ken Elstein .
The flyer was not signed , and did not show the Hampshire Council 's letterhead .
Earlier this week , the Council released an official statement urging Hadley to remain .
`` HCG and the Town of Hadley have long benefited from a valuable partnership , and it is our hope that the citizens of Hadley choose to maintain this strong relationship , '' that statement from the council reads . `` HCG provides valuable resources to Hadley and we look forward to a renewed investment in these services . ''
Hadley has been among 15 Hampshire County towns that are members of the Council of Governments . The other member towns are Belchertown , Chesterfield , Cummington , Goshen , Granby , Hatfield , Huntington , Middlefield , Pelham , Plainfield , South Hadley , Southampton , Westhampton and Williamsburg .
The council 's headquarters are in Northampton , at the historic courthouse , which the agency owns , located at 99 Main St .
In June , Belchertown Town Meeting rejected a move to withdraw from the council .
'Zama ' Offers A Withering Critique Of Colonialism From Within
Enlarge this image toggle caption Strand Releasing
How do you make a movie about stagnation ? A movie that does n't just tell you a story about someone wasting away , but that seems to embody a state of physical and moral decay for nearly two hours ?
It may not sound like a glowing recommendation , but Lucrecia Martel has made such a movie with Zama , her feverishly brilliant adaptation of Antonio di Benedetto 's 1956 novel of the same title . This is one of the most atmospheric and transporting films I 've seen all year , and also one of the best .
Di Benedetto 's novel tells the tragicomic story of Don Diego de Zama , an official of the Spanish crown stationed at a remote outpost along the Paraguay River . He was born in the New World but serves the Old , an empire in which he has never once set foot .
The year is 1790 , and Zama , bored , frustrated and separated from his wife and children , hopes for a transfer to Buenos Aires , where he 's certain he will find greater purpose and prosperity . The book , narrated by Zama himself , is a bitterly ironic account of pride , pettiness and self-pity , a devastating critique of European colonialism from the inside .
Zama the movie is remarkably faithful to the book 's spirit . Played in a superbly weary , bone-dry performance by Daniel Giménez Cacho , Don Diego de Zama is very much a figure of mockery , but his slowly dawning awareness of his own futility is not without a certain pathos .
In the opening shot , we see him standing alone on a beach , wearing a sword and a tricorn hat , and striking a ridiculous , would-be heroic pose . The rest of the movie will slowly lay waste to his delusions of grandeur .
The first half plays like a comedy of bureaucratic errors by way of Samuel Beckett , as Zama repeatedly pleads with his superior to write a letter to the king and obtain approval of his transfer . Apart from his occasional duties as a magistrate , Zama mostly just waits and waits , and every scene seems to compound the indignity of his existence .
He is forever being ignored by his superiors , thwarted by his colleagues and rebuffed by a noblewoman , Luciana , whom he hopelessly lusts after . She 's played by Lola Dueñas , known for her work with Pedro Almodóvar , who is credited as one of the film 's producers .
No one , however , is likely to mistake Zama for an Almodóvar movie . Martel has little use for straightforward narrative . Her style is immersive yet disorienting : Rather than neatly sorting out the characters ' relationships or cutting from one plot point to the next , she creates a highly specific , intricate world that demands and rewards your close attention .
Surrender to this movie and you might find yourself held rapt by the sheer intensity of Martel 's filmmaking . Her sensuous camerawork and wild , teeming sound design , alive with the noises of buzzing insects and screeching birds , conjure an air of stifling humidity . The physical world here is palpably present , and completely indifferent to men like Zama and their arrogant attempts to tame it into submission .
Martel 's previous films , which include The Holy Girl and The Headless Woman , have been sly satires of bourgeois privilege , and her sense of class rage makes her a natural fit for di Benedetto 's anti-imperialist takedown . Whereas so many screen adaptations of first-person narratives tend to lose their focus , Martel ingeniously forges her own point of view .
She does n't just march Zama through a series of humiliations . She strategically undermines his position in every shot , often placing him off to the side or dwarfing him visually . Barely a scene goes by in which we are n't made aware of the indigenous slaves employed by Zama and his cohorts , going about their business in the background or foreground , looking on in judgmental silence .
These visual strategies may seem odd at first , but they have a real sense of purpose . In refusing to make Zama the center of the frame , the movie reminds us that this man , whatever he may think , is not the hero of his own story .
That becomes increasingly apparent in the movie 's second half , as the desperate and disenfranchised Zama ventures into the swampy wilderness , joining a dangerous mission to capture an enemy of the empire .
The story ends as it must , in a whirlwind of violence , and Martel 's precisely controlled imagery turns rapturous , almost in spite of itself . It 's a terrifying vision worthy of Werner Herzog and Joseph Conrad . The grand dream of human conquest becomes a nightmarish descent into madness .
Doris K. Roland
Doris K. Roland , 88 , of Mt . Pleasant , formerly of Burlington and Fairfield , died Sat. , Nov. 25 , 2017 at Pleasant Manor Care Center in Mt . Pleasant .
A graveside memorial service will be held at 1:00 PM on Sat. , Dec. 16 at the Packwood Cemetery , Packwood , Iowa . Pastor Jeffrey A. McPheron of the Trenton United Methodist Church will officiate . The Kimzey Funeral Home , 213 North Main Street , Mt . Pleasant , is assisting the family with the arrangements . Online condolences may be directed to www.kimzeyfuneralhome.com .
The first family played host to France 's leading couple Tuesday , complete with a welcome ceremony in the morning and a state dinner to round out the evening . But it was during a joint news conference for White House press that things got a bit bizarre . A video of Trump & French President Emmanuel Macron quickly made the rounds online because people were too weirded out by their interaction .
Trump was describing how `` special '' he and Macron 's friendship is , when he apparently noticed something on Macron 's shoulder , saying :
It 's a great honor that you 're here . We do have a very special relationship . In fact , I 'll get that little piece of dandruff off . A little piece .
Trump flicked at the shoulder of Macron 's suit , getting the alleged piece dandruff off , before continuing to rave about the French president . `` We have to make him perfect . He is perfect , '' Trump said . `` So it is really great to be with you , and you are a special friend . ''
Macron seemed quite comfortable with the interaction and seemed to agree they do have a good friendship . He smiled at Trump , laughed , and thanked the president for the warm welcome , even leaning over at one point to tap Trump on the leg .
People were torn on what was the weirdest part of the moment . Was it the fact that one world leader pointed out another 's dandruff in a public event specifically meant to be a photo and video opportunity ? Or was it the way Trump talked about the need to make Macron perfect , before adding that , well , he already is ?
For those in the former camp , flicking scalp skin flakes off of someone in a public situation just is n't cool , especially if you have such a special relationship . `` Friends do n't wipe dandruff off of friends in public , '' one person wrote on Twitter .
Some people claimed it was a power move by Trump meant to humiliate Macron by telling the world he has dandruff ( something no one needs to feel humiliated by , by the way ) . `` As payback for the dandruff thing Macron should reach over and adjust/pat one side of Trump 's hair and say 'your bouffant was a little off-center ! ' '' one woman suggested .
Other people could n't stop their disbelief over Trump calling Macron `` perfect , '' pointing out that particular statement over the dandruff removal itself . Most people did n't even bother to provide commentary ; they simply tweeted out the quote , as if it were ridiculous enough on its own .
But , `` No , this is n't an SNL skit , '' someone added .
Others compared the situation as an evolution of Trump 's awkward and domineering handshakes , which took the world by storm essentially every time he met a new country 's leader .
`` 2017 power move : Dominate foreign leader with outrageous public handshake , '' Toronto Star 's Washington correspondent Daniel Dale tweeted . `` 2018 power move : Publicly comment on foreign leader 's possibly imaginary dandruff , wipe it off his shoulder . ''
In fact ... speaking of handshakes , the dandruff moment was n't the only weird interaction people noticed between Trump and Macron .
In typical Trump fashion , when Trump and Macron shook hands at a joint press conference , what started as a normal handshake turned into an awkward hug and finished with a air kiss to the cheek .
Why are Trump 's handshakes ( and apparently now , other interactions ) with foreign leaders so weird ? Twitter has long had theories — to prove he 's the strongest , to make Americans laugh , to show off his not-small hands , to purposely be mean — but the fact of the matter is , we might never know .
For now , just know that Trump and Macron have a `` special relationship '' that the president thinks enables him to brush the dandruff off Macron 's shoulders .
CHATSWORTH , Ont . — Provincial police say a man is recovering after an officer found him unresponsive and administered a medication to reverse opioid overdoses .
Police say the officer responded to a report of an unresponsive man in Chatsworth , Ont. , early Monday morning .
They say the officer found the man without vital signs and began to perform CPR .
OPP say when the man remained unresponsive the officer administered naloxone and the man began to breathe but remained unconscious .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Exeter blew their year-long unbeaten home record to cap a miserable Champions Cup weekend for English clubs .
The kings of the Premiership had not lost inside their Sandy Park fortress since Bordeaux-Begles ' triumph a year ago today .
But Stuart Lancaster-coached Leinster put an end to all that with a richly deserved Pool Two victory capped with a sensational team try dotted down by Jack Conan .
The three-time former European champions kept the ball for FORTY-FOUR phases before their big No.8 muscled his way over to end Chiefs ' resistance .
Never before had their been six English defeats on one weekend in northern hemisphere rugby 's premier club competition .
Yet with only ‘ snowed off ' Saracens still to play , English clubs have all lost and of the five only Bath , beaten 24-20 to a late try at Toulon , emerged with any credit .
Chiefs were never going to go the same way as Northampton , Leicester , Harlequins and Wasps , none of whom threatened to get a result .
That said , the English champs never led and would have lost by more but for the video ref disallowing tries by Luke McGrath and Devin Toner in the first 13 minutes .
Leinster eventually got a try decision when Johnny Sexton crossed at the start of the second quarter and for all Exeter 's huff and puff it was a lead they held until just before the hour mark .
Which was a nonsense given the high tackle by Sean Cronin that denied Jack Nowell a try and should patently have been punished with a penalty try as well as the yellow card he did receive .
Exeter kept working - mainly in defence it should be said - and James Short brought them level when put away superbly by Gareth Steenson and Olly Woodburn .
Steenson 's conversion miss was his first goal kicking failure in 25 attempts and it meant Exeter would never get their noses in front and their tails truly up .
So it was that Leinster came again and , after captain Isa Nacewa had restored their lead from the penalty spot , Conan finished the job to give the Blues a stranglehold on Pool Two .
EXETER - Try : Short . Pen : Steenson .
LEINSTER - Tries : Sexton , Conan . Con : Nacewa . Pens : Sexton , Nacewa .
SUNDAY WRAP-UP
Harlequins took the fast track out of Europe , losing Chris Robshaw and Danny Care to concussion along the way .
Quins crashed out of the Champions Cup at the earliest possible opportunity as Ulster won 17-5 at the Stoop to hand the Londoners their third loss in as many Pool One matches .
But pool rivals Wasps were unable to take advantage - getting walloped 49-29 by runaway leaders La Rochelle , despite scoring five tries of their own .
Quins ' game was played in a blizzard on a day in which the treacherous conditions claimed Saracens ' home clash with Clermont Auvergne .
An understandably messy contest was decided by a Jacob Stockdale try and four penalties from man of the match John Cooney .
Robshaw and Care failed HIA tests either side of half-time and , due to the mandatory six-day return-to-play protocol , are unavailable for Friday 's return match at Ravenhill .
England prop Kyle Sinckler provided the only consolation for Quins , scoring a try on his first start back from his gouging ban .
Wasps shipped 30 points before half-time against the French Top 14 leaders , though second half scored by Elliot Daly , Joe Simpson and Will Stuart secured them a four-try bonus point .
Leicester were beaten by four tries to one at Munster , Harry Thacker scoring Tigers ' consolation try in a 33-10 defeat .
SATURDAY 'S ACTION
Northampton were abandoned by their fans as the crisis at Franklin 's Gardens stretched to a ninth loss in 10 games .
Just 8,105 turned up at Franklin 's Gardens to see the former English champions put to the sword by Ospreys .
And many of those had left before Dylan Hartley 's side rallied from conceding six tries in 60 minutes to turn a 43-8 deficit into a 43-32 defeat .
Under-fire Saints boss Jim Mallinder admitted : “ The first 60 minutes showed a team clearly lacking in confidence .
`` We 've got some good players there and we 're all asking why we 're not playing well .
“ We said last week we were in a hole and we needed to win . We ca n't keep losing games . ”
Bath also lost but they emerged with great credit from their 24-20 defeat at three-time former champions Toulon .
Tries by England duo Anthony Watson and Jonathan Joseph allied to a fine defensive shift looked to have given them an historic win .
But Toulon super sub Anthony Belleau produced a moment of magic to plunder a late winning try .
Melania Trump is trying to tamp down speculation about why she 's not been seen in public in nearly three weeks .
The first lady tweeted Wednesday about the media `` working overtime speculating where I am & what I 'm doing . Rest assured , I 'm here at the @ WhiteHouse w my family , feeling great , & working hard on behalf of children & the American people ! ''
Mrs. Trump was last seen in public in the wee hours of May 10 when she joined President Donald Trump to welcome home three Americans released from detention in North Korea .
The White House announced four days later that she had been admitted to a hospital to treat a benign kidney condition .
The first lady had recently launched her initiative to teach kindness to children .
I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I 'm doing . Rest assured , I 'm here at the @ WhiteHouse w my family , feeling great , & working hard on behalf of children & the American people ! — Melania Trump ( @ FLOTUS ) May 30 , 2018
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A police force has been urged to fit `` finger guards '' to all cell doors after an arrested man had three digits severed .
Jamie Clark , 29 , who was wrongly accused of assaulting a police officer , lost his fingers when the heavy door was slammed shut .
The decorator made a formal complaint over his treatment by Dyfed Powys police which was investigated by the IPCC .
The watchdog has now called on the force to consider installing safety devices on cell doors .
( Image : Wales News Service )
( Image : Wales News Service )
A spokesman said : “ In the lead investigator 's opinion there was insufficient evidence upon which a reasonable tribunal could conclude that any Dyfed-Powys Police officer had a case to answer for misconduct .
`` The force accepted recommendations to remind custody officers that significant events and decisions should be recorded in detail and to ensure custody staff training looks at minimising any risk of injury to detainees during the closure of cell doors .
`` Dyfed-Powys Police also planned to assess the possibility of installing finger guards in custody suites . ”
( Image : Wales News Service )
( Image : Wales News Service )
Dad-of-one Jamie was arrested following a row with his girlfriend in May this year .
He was taken to a police station at Llanelli , South Wales , where he suffered the horrific disfigurement .
Jamie was later cleared of the charges against him .
He won a legal fight to obtain CCTV footage of the moment his fingers were severed .
This video allowed the IPCC to carry out their investigation .
( Image : Wales News Service )
( Image : Wales News Service )
Jamie claimed he was pepper sprayed , stripped naked and bundled into a cell by half a dozen officers .
He said `` I went to get out but that 's when I felt this huge pain and felt my flesh being torn away when the door was shut .
`` I was screaming in agony . I was begging the officers to open the door but no one helped me .
`` I have never known fear and pain like it . ''
His solicitor Patrick Llewelyn said : `` He was arrested for an offence he was n't prosecuted for and while being detained he suffered serious injuries which will be the subject of a complaint or civil claim .
`` People expect to be treated fairly when they are dealing with the police .
`` We have seen evidence which suggests the police on this occasion deviated from the highest standards of practice . ''
A Dyfed-Powys police spokesman said : `` The force has complied with recommendations from the IPCC , including adding a new element around finger safety to training and reviewing the possibility of finger guards . ''
SOUTH HADLEY -- The Selectboard is poised to make a major decision about the future of the town-owned Ledges Golf Course at Tuesday 's meeting .
The board is scheduled to vote whether to hire a private consultant who would assist the town figure out how best to transition operations of the course to a private entity while retaining ownership of the Ledges .
A draft contract has been prepared to hire a Philadelphia firm , Lanard & Axilbund LLC , doing business as Colliers International , documents provided by the town on Friday show .
The agreement , if approved by the Selectboard , would pay the company $ 16,850 , with a rider that could allow payments up to a maximum of $ 19,000 , with $ 4,000 paid withing 15 days of signing the contract .
The document says the Colliers group 's work is expected to be complete by August 2019 .
The consultant 's main job would be to `` prepare , advertise , and otherwise circulate a request for proposals to any known qualified golf course operators '' to run the municipal recreational facility , a supplement to the draft contract says .
The bid specifications Colliers will produce are expected to `` articulate '' the town 's `` interest in ... the full administration and operation of Ledges Golf Course , '' referring to whatever company may ultimately be selected for the job .
A report on the financial state of the course , completed by Town Administrator Michael Sullivan last year , determined that the facility lost about $ 8.5 million and never operated in the black since opening in 2001 .
The Feb. 6 Selectboard meeting at Town Hall , 116 Main St. , begins at 7 p.m .
What Happens Now That The Controversial GOP Memo Has Been Released President Trump said the contents of the GOP intelligence memo were `` disgraceful . '' Trump moved to let Congress make the memo public despite objections from the FBI and the Justice Department .
The Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for snow for parts of Yorkshire .
After a freezing weekend , Yorkshire is expected to experience snowfall at the beginning of next week .
A cold weather front is set to move south on Monday , bringing snow later in the day and into the early hours of Tuesday .
The Met Office warning states : `` Snow is likely to be confined to hills above 100 metres over Northern Ireland , but to low levels elsewhere . Away from coasts , 1-3 cm of snow is possible with up to 5 cm above 200 metres . ''
READ MORE : Dramatic and beautiful photos of Yorkshire covered in snow during January
The Met Office forecast for Yorkshire :
Sunday :
After a frosty start , a mixture of sunny spells and isolated wintry showers is expected . However most places will stay dry . Remaining cold , especially away from the North Sea coast . Maximum temperature 5 C .
Outlook for Monday to Wednesday :
Cold , frosty start Monday , then sunny intervals and isolated wintry showers . Staying cold Tuesday , with some snow spreading southeast , however only slight accumulations expected . Very cold Wednesday , but largely sunny .
For a couple of weeks I was reading Mo Salah was better than Lionel Messi , Jordan Henderson was as good as Steven Gerrard , and should be skippering England at the World Cup , and Virgil van Dijk was the new Alan Hansen .
Luckily no-one tried to compare goalkeeper Loris Karius with Gordon Banks . Even one-eyed Liverpool fans presumably realised that was a step too far .
Loris Karius is n't good enough .
But the problem with over-confidence caused by too much unwarranted hype is the defeat that often follows feels so much worse .
As I said last week , Liverpool were the fourth best team in England last season . They have n't won anything since 2012 and nothing at all in two seasons under Jurgen Klopp . Not even a Premier League game against a terrible Manchester United side .
At best they are a work in progress . They should have approached last weekend 's Champions League final as humble underdogs . After all Klopp is always an underdog in a final . That 's six in a row he 's managed to lose . Instead , backed by an absurdly partisan press , defeat appeared to be unthinkable .
Naturally Reds ' fans blamed the admittedly sly nature of shifty Sergio Ramos for their loss after his tangle with Salah led to the striker 's departure , as well as the uselessness of their goalkeeper , when the blame really was pretty much all Klopp 's
Liverpool were hopeless when Mo Salah went off .
He 's had two years to find a decent ‘ keeper for a start . He also should n't have come into a game as big as this against a team with Real Madrid 's nous without a plan B. Liverpool were hopeless when their main man left the game .
But Klopp 's magnetic personality seems to have earned him another free pass . I suspect the biggest names on the biggest papers in my profession are kind to articulate England coach Gareth Southgate because he gives a grand press conference .
And Klopp is treated with great deference , possibly because of his undoubted charisma and the exciting nature of his team .
I 'm used to the gruesome cheerleading of the BBC commentators and pundits when the Olympics come around , but I do n't expect it from our national newspaper people .
Some great writers lost leave of their senses in the aftermath of Kiev presenting judgements on the Ramos/Salah incident as fact by portraying the Real captain as some sort of evil genius with Bruce Lee qualities capable of dislocating a shoulder with a crafty manoeuvre . The reality is we 're all guessing at the Spaniard 's intentions , but I 'm happy to take the word of Rio Ferdinand and Steven Gerrard over bias journalists by accepting it as a footballing accident .
I really want Liverpool to win things under Klopp . He appears to be a great bloke , but I am yet to be convinced he will ever out-coach Pep Guardiola , or even Jose Mourinho .
I hope I am wrong . The flamboyant deserve to succeed over the pragmatic .
Six years worth of complaints against the police went uninvestigated until now .
Those complaints from the public now are set to head to the Office of Ombudsman and Deputy Police Commissioner Kurt Walton says it 's something he and his troops are looking forward to .
“ We have absolutely nothing to hide , the way we go about our business is professional , we 're trained professionals , ” said Mr Walton as he welcomed the creation of an independent entity , the Office of Ombudsman which will hear complaints against officers and bring some resolution to them .
“ We go about everyday doing our job and doing it to the best of our ability with one purpose and one purpose only and that 's to establish the truth , that 's it and to bring offenders to justice , ” he said .
The office replaces the Police Complaints Authority which was never appointed . Acting in its absence the Professional Standards Unit which only took note of complaints .
“ What we have holding within the Professional Standards we just hand over to them , just for transparency . That 's what it 's really about , the transparency to let them decide whether to pursue it or not or decide what needs to be done , ” Mr Walton said .
No figure was available for the number of complaints .
Ombudsman project head Peter Gough says when it comes to deciding on issues of discipline coming out of the complaints “ that 's the responsibility of the Commissioner of Police to discipline his staff . ”
Under the law the Ombudsman can investigate and make recommendations to parliament .
Next week the Office of Ombudsman bill heads to the LA and under its powers will be presiding over complaints against the police as well as complaints of maladministration and freedom of information requests .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Families across the country are going purple for Alzheimer 's Awareness Month .
Alzheimer 's is the sixth leading cause of death in the U.S. and there is no known cure .
`` It was really a confirmation of what we already knew , '' said Susan Putnam , talking about the moment she learned her mother had Alzheimer 's . `` We had noticed you know , memory loss . Especially short-term memory loss even before that . And that was when we decided to go and actually get a diagnosis . ''
Putnam 's mom Bonnie is a client at Seasons Adult Day Health Services in Midland . Putnam said the therapy her mom has received there has made all the difference in managing her mother 's condition the last four years .
`` She gets to be with other people , socialize , '' Putnam said .
Erin Wallace is the program manager for the activity based center . She said everything they do there has a purpose and a reason . She encourages families dealing with any type of dementia to consider the therapeutic program they offer .
`` If someone is wanting to age in place , which a lot of society does now , this is a great way to really help both the individual and the caregiver make that happen , '' Wallace said .
Currently there is no cure for the disease . Experts said the only way to change that fact is to increase funding for research .
`` Alzheimer 's research is quite expensive , '' said Kevin Park , neuroscience professor at Central Michigan University .
He said a major breakthrough in recent years is the ability to see images of a brain from a living Alzheimer 's patient .
`` That kind of gives us a nice snapshot of the progression that this disease takes place over time , '' Park said .
He said in the past researchers could only study brains of those who had passed on . Park said this advance , that has been around since 2012 , is one way researchers are making progress against Alzheimer 's .
As for Putnam , she believes a cure is in sight . She said through awareness and funding more will be done each day to make life better for people like Bonnie .
`` It will be amazing , '' Putnam said .
Copyright 2017 WNEM ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
From : H Marjorie Gill , Clarence Drive , Menston .
MANY of your correspondents tell us that business must pay their employees the Living Wage . They do n't expect the employees to be more productive to earn this Living Wage ( presumably more than they earn at present ) . Also they are quite unaware that the firms might have to increase the prices of the goods being made , making the prices uncompetitive .
Others inform us that teachers should have more pay and hospital workers also . Well even I can see where savings could be made in the NHS – make sure every department head keeps stock of the items in the ward and reward them for doing so .
No doubt the teachers will be having words with the Education Minister to tell where they think savings could be made . Sadly we all have our own idea about how our children could be best educated , but all agree that keeping good teachers happy is vital . How to pay teachers more money without depriving other needy parts of the government 's expenditure plans is not easy to see .
When Love , Simon — the film adaptation of Becky Albertalli 's YA novel Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda — was released in March 2018 , it was the culmination of a months-long love fest for the story , the film 's cast , and of course , the creator of Simon herself . After a series of special screenings and social media outreach , it seemed that Simon was all anyone could talk about , and for good reason . The story of Simon Spier 's coming out is undeniably one of the most influential YA releases of the past few years .
`` I think it 's hard to know when I 'll be able to start processing everything . I 'm still working on the fact that I even have a book published , '' Albertalli tells Bustle . `` It 's been very exciting , and there 's been some highs and lows of course , but I feel very lucky . It 's been a very cool year , a year of massively checking off things on my bucket list — things I would have never even thought to put on my bucket list . ''
Just some of those huge milestones include the premiere of Love , Simon to both audience and critical acclaim ; the release of the Simon book sequel Leah on the Offbeat , which debuted at number one of the New York Times bestseller list ; and now the release of Love , Simon on digital on May 29 and on DVD on June 12 .
`` It 's been a very cool year , a year of massively checking off things on my bucket list — things I would have never even thought to put on my bucket list . ''
`` I loved being part of all of the premieres and screenings and getting to share that with an audience . But at the same time , I am really excited to be able to have this intimate moment with the film , and I think it 's really special to picture other people having that moment with this film — especially the teens who maybe really need it , '' Albertalli says . `` Access to this story will be greatly expanded , and teens who maybe were n't able to get a ride to the theater , or were too shy to go to the theater , will finally get to experience it , too . ''
Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda by Becky Albertalli , $ 6.69 , Amazon
One way the Simonverse , as Albertalli calls it , wo n't be expanded ? With another book sequel . Albertalli has publicly stated that Leah on the Offbeat is the final story in this world with these characters , though she says she has `` a lot of sadness about that . I am devastated about ending this story . '' But whenever she gets emails from readers — at least 10 a day , Albertalli says — they all ask about one of three things : a sequel from Simon 's point of view , a sequel from Blue 's point of view , or Simon rewritten from Blue 's point of view .
`` And those are three things that I am not going to do , '' Albertalli says . `` Some of that is because I really like to write about couples getting together . So as much as I think about Simon and Blue being married and being together forever , I do n't necessarily want to write about that . But more importantly , I want to be mindful of representation , and be careful not to overstep when it comes to writing characters that have certain intersecting marginalizations that I do n't share and that are really underepresented in YA . I am aware of how much space my book — especially a book about Blue — would take up . ''
`` ... I want to be mindful of representation , and be careful not to overstep when it comes to writing characters that have certain intersecting marginalizations that I do n't share and that are really underepresented in YA . I am aware f how much space my book — especially a book about Blue — would take up . ''
For now it seems that Albertalli is content to keep the Simonverse alive through its existing forms — and through memories of her experience on the Love , Simon set , including one particularly funny moment between her friend and fellow YA author Adam Silvera and Love , Simon star Nick Robinson that she ca n't help but laugh when she recounts .
`` I do n't know if we 've talked about this publicly before , but Adam Silvera came to shoot the Halloween party scene , and it was his first time on set , so I was introducing him to people , '' Albertalli says . `` But we needed to have like five or six introductions between Adam and Nick Robinson before Nick was able to shake Adam 's hand . Nick was always carrying something , or he was eating chicken wings and had sauce on his hands , or he had a cold — it got to the point where it was just like , ridiculous . But I think Adam ultimately did get his handshake . ''
And Albertalli 's adventures with Silvera are only going to ramp up in the coming months . Their first book together , What If It 's Us , is coming out on Oct. 9 , 2018 . The emotional rom-com which is set in New York and follows Arthur and Ben on a series of meet-cutes , is sure to fit right in with Albertalli 's past releases — though the collaboration process was entirely new .
`` It was the best writing experience of my entire life . Now when I write I 'm just thinking , 'Why do I have to do this without Adam Silvera ? ! ' Writing with Adam is just so much fun , and we very much had our hands in each other 's pots , so to speak . When it came to writing Arthur , I would take material from Adam , or borrow ideas , and vice versa . And we exchanged chapters very early , which was different for us both , because I needed to know where Adam was going with Ben 's voice so that I could write his dialogue in my chapters . So we have our handprints all over each other 's chapters . ''
But beforeWhat If It 's Us hit shelves , Albertalli will be staying busy with lots of events this summer , from a June 7 talk at the Library of Congress to an August 8 panel at the Mississippi Book Festival with fellow authors Rose Brock , Angie Thomas , Nic Stone , Julie Murphy , and Nicola Yoon . First up , though , is Albertalli 's maiden voyage to Book Con in New York City on June 2 and June 3 .
`` I 've kind of wanted to go for years and I 've also been kind of scared , '' Albertalli says . `` But now is the time , I 'm gon na do it . ''
There wo n't be any arguing here — now is definitely Albertalli 's time .
Major spoilers for the Jane The Virgin Season 4 finale ahead . It 's been a few days since the Jane the Virgin Season 4 shocker finale , and everyone who watched on April 20 still ca n't stop talking about it . One of the major questions that people want to know is if Michael has amnesia on Jane the Virgin . In that case , after he turned around and saw Jane , he might not actually remember her . That 's probably the most heartbreaking theory of all because it would mean that Jane 's true love might not remember her throughout Season 5 — which may be the final season of Jane the Virgin .
In the words of Jane 's mysterious narrator , `` you 'll recall '' that Season 4 's final episode focused largely on the strength of Jane and Rafael 's relationship . Things seemed to be going perfectly for them , and early on in the episode Rafael told Jane 's family that he planned to propose to Jane . Things seemed perfect , almost too perfect . As Petra said in the episode , the other shoe always drops , and drop it did when Jane walked into Rafael 's apartment and found Michael standing there . Yes , Michael , the one that everyone thought had died during Season 3 .
It was such a shocking plot twist but so perfect for a show that celebrates and resembles telenovelas . You know what else is a popular telenovela trope ? Amnesia , and again , to quote the narrator `` that , my friends , '' means that Michael very well could have forgotten everything about Jane .
When you look back at Season 4 's shocking episode , the clues basically hit you in the head . First , Alba told Jane her theory about why Rafael was acting weirdly after they 'd thought he discovered news about his parents from Rose . “ If this were a telenovela , Rafael would have learned that Rogelio is his father . And he is your long-lost brother ! ” Jane 's grandmother Alba tells Jane .
As insignificant as Alba 's joke may have seemed , it turned out that it was a red herring for the other common telenovela trope that the finale included . Jennie Snyder Urman , Jane the Virgin 's creator and executive producer , confirmed to Refinery29 that Alba 's joke was meant to mislead viewers . “ We were very careful about not tipping it . Setting the table for an expectation of a telenovela plot twist , which certainly [ Rafael being Jane 's brother ] could be , ” Snyder Urman said . She continued , `` We were certainly priming the audience and trying to purposefully lead them in one direction so that ultimately [ Michael 's return ] was as big of a surprise as it could be . ''
Never forget that Jane the Virgin is based on a Venezuelan telenovela called Juana la Virgen , because the minute that things seem to be going as smoothly as plenty of American romantic sitcoms do , you will probably have the rug pulled out from under you . That definitely happened for many Jane fans last week after they realized that Michael may not have died after all .
Everyone 's Twitter freak-outs are completely valid , because Michael 's death seemed completely real , as shocking as it may have been . It seemed so real that now fans are left with way more questions than answers . One major question asks if Michael faked his own death , but Snyder Urman reassured everyone , `` The truth is not quite that , '' while speaking to Variety . Jane 's creator added , `` I feel like that would be horrible , but that 's not the story we 're moving into . '' At least you can rest assured that you can cross that theory off the list .
That still leaves the question of Michael 's amnesia on the table , though . Since Jane and her family constantly reference telenovela plot lines that involve amnesia , it seems like that definitely could be yet another plot twist regarding Michael 's return . But that 's not all . As Twitter user @ xprodigywitch pointed out in a tweet , Michael once actually faked amnesia .
In the first episode of Season 3 , when Michael was in the hospital recovering from getting shot , he pretended to forget Jane when waking up . The narrator cut in and said , `` No ! Not amnesia ! ''
Maybe this time it is amnesia , or maybe it 's one of the many other theories about how Michael is alive circulating the internet . Unless Snyder Urman chimes in to shut down a theory , really anything is plausible . After all , with telenovelas like Jane , anything is possible .
By The Associated Press
Sunday , Dec. 10 EAST
Binghamton 67 , NJIT 36
Brown 83 , Colgate 73
Delaware 84 , Delaware St. 49
Hartford 59 , Bryant 47
LIU Brooklyn 72 , Lehigh 69
Rutgers 101 , Fairleigh Dickinson 35
Seton Hall 73 , Boston College 53
UMass 81 , St. Peter 's 65
Villanova 69 , Temple 65
Wagner 60 , Longwood 43
West Virginia 101 , Coppin St. 43
SOUTH
Duke 101 , Winthrop 30
Florida 72 , Marshall 69
Florida Gulf Coast 99 , Ave Maria 35
Florida St. 77 , Arizona St. 66
Georgia Tech 80 , Texas-Arlington 52
Jacksonville 79 , Flagler 52
Mercer 67 , UNC-Asheville 56
Miami 65 , Kentucky 54
NC State 63 , Georgetown 49
North Carolina 84 , Furman 56
North Florida 77 , Florida A & M 68
Radford 79 , VCU 62
UCF 62 , Georgia Southern 38
MIDWEST
Creighton 72 , Nebraska-Omaha 51
Green Bay 76 , Loyola of Chicago 39
Iowa St. 99 , NC Central 58
Michigan 54 , Kent St. 41
Milwaukee 60 , Fort Wayne 48
Morehead St. 82 , Evansville 75
Northwestern 68 , Stony Brook 36
Oakland 104 , UM Dearborn 44
Ohio 77 , Purdue 71
___
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Minassian was ordered not to have contact with any of the 13 attempt murder victims . When asked if he understood , he sharply said , `` Yes . ''
Court records show he has no criminal record prior to these charges .
A man believed to be Minassian 's father was in court and escorted out by police , surrounded by a throng of media .
The Richmond Hill man is accused of jumping the sidewalk with a rented van and ramming pedestrians along a two-kilometre stretch of Yonge St. , between Sheppard Ave. and Finch Ave. on Monday afternoon . Ten people were killed , while another 14 remain in hospital .
Police clarified the number of people hurt at the news conference Tuesday . Gibson said the victims were `` predominantly female , '' and ranged in age from mid-20s to mid-80s .
The suspect behind the wheel of the van later ditched the vehicle and got into a standoff with a police officer on Poyntz Ave. south of Sheppard Ave. Eyewitness video of the confrontation shows him asking the officer to `` shoot me in the head , '' claiming he had a gun in his pocket .
The officer arrested the suspect at the scene . The arresting police officer widely praised for his handling of the situation is Const . Ken Lam , the Star has confirmed .
Former Toronto mayor Mel Lastman called him his `` hero . ''
`` Try to imagine for yourself what that must feel like , being in a standoff with a suspect , '' Lastman said in a statement . `` Despite thinking that the suspect was armed with a gun , he did not shoot the suspect . He was brave and managed to keep him alive . It is this sole act that will allow the city of Toronto to get to the bottom of this horrific crime . ''
Since January , the Toronto police in-service training — offered annually to officers — has begun running a scenario eerily similar to the real-life horror that played out along Yonge , involving officers responding to a vehicle attack on pedestrians . Crisis resolution training has also focused increasingly on situations involving people trying to provoke officers into shooting them .
On Monday , Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said Minassian 's name did not trigger any red flags relating to terrorism .
Mark Mendelson , a former lead detective with the Toronto police homicide squad , said it is too early to speculate about the suspect 's motive . But a key part of the investigation in the coming days will be a forensic analysis of online activity , examining the websites he visited and posts he made online .
Minassian 's mental health will be an important factor going forward , he said , predicting that the accused killer may attempt to claim to be not criminally responsible in the deaths — a legal defence known as NCR .
`` If you look at it for what it is , it would not surprise me if an NCR defence is on the minds of any lawyer he is going to get , '' Mendelson said .
A source confirmed to the Star that a Facebook post circulating on social media talking about `` incel '' and invoking U.S. mass murderer Elliot Rodger was published on a profile in the name of Alek Minassian .
A spokesperson for Facebook Canada said it deleted the account Monday .
It is unclear whether Minassian was the author of the post .
`` Incel '' refers to an online community of the `` involuntarily celibate , '' or men who feel frustrated by their inability to find romantic relationships or sex . Online community forums often feature misogynistic rhetoric .
Mayor Tory praised the police , first responders and city staff for their response in a speech at a special council meeting Tuesday morning .
He said it was a reminder that we are capable of `` great bravery '' — police officers who quickly and safely apprehended the suspect ; the calm displayed by paramedics and firefighters who hurried from victim to victim ; `` heroic efforts '' of hospital staff ; and `` extraordinary examples of ordinary citizens '' who comforted those who were injured .
`` I know that I speak on behalf of all of the members of city council and city staff when I say that our hearts are with all of those affected , '' Tory said . `` The people who call this city home are shaken and we mourn together but we are not broken and we will not be broken . ''
After a moment of silence for the victims , council recessed for the day .
Read more :
Details emerging of victims
Horror on Yonge St. after van driver kills 10 and injures 15
Suspect in van rampage identified as Alek Minassian , 25 , of Richmond Hill
What we know and do n't know about the van crash
At Queen 's Park , Progressive Conservative Leader Doug Ford said `` our hearts break for the victims of this terrible tragedy and their families . ''
`` I want to thank the first responders , and give special thanks to Constable Ken Lam , what a true hero , '' Ford said .
`` This is a tough time but in these moments our country , our province and our city come together . There has been an outpouring of support right across the province . Our prayers and our thoughts are with the families and the victims . ''
A makeshift memorial at Yonge and Finch continued to grow . Outside the Secret Garden flower shop on Yonge St. , just north of Finch Ave. , bunches of blooming flowers were set on the sidewalk . A sign amid the blooms read `` With heartfelt sympathy ! Please feel free to take ! ''
Co-owner Katherine Liu said the free flowers were a way to help `` the world feel better . ''
Liu said there are a lot of pedestrians on Yonge , and that many have been stopping to pluck a stem or two from the overfilling vases and buckets on the sidewalk .
`` They walk by and they just take a little flower , '' Liu said .
Dozens of people , from men in suits to men dressed for hard labour , all walked up Yonge St clutching flowers to lay at the memorial . None said they knew the victims .
`` I am hoping that the families recover from this devastation , '' said Reza Mardaneh , who added his flowers to the memorial site .
`` It was senseless , senseless . It 's beyond grief , '' the optician said , his voice cracking .
Most of the injured were at Sunnybrook hospital , including Amaresh Tesfamariam .
`` She always took the underground , '' said a family friend . `` But yesterday was a nice day . ''
Another woman , who called Tesfamariam her aunt , was too distraught to talk . Tears fell from her eyes as she joined a small crowd of others inside Sunnybrook 's critical care unit , where families await news and updates about their loved ones .
A woman who identified herself as the wife of an injured man paced in a reception area outside the intensive care unit , barely holding back tears .
Her son said he was n't ready to talk about his father or what happened . He asked that all Canadians send to his father and the other victims `` their prayers and positive energy . ''
Friends of Minassian say he attended Sixteenth Avenue Public School in Richmond Hill , and then Thornlea Secondary School in Thornhill .
The Armenian Community Centre of Toronto released a statement saying it was `` deeply saddened and disturbed by the senseless deaths and injuries . ''
`` We unequivocally condemn this and all acts of violence , '' the statement said . `` We commend the bravery and dedication of our first responders who , despite being faced with an unprecedented tragedy , saved lives with their heroic actions and rapid response . ''
Commuters near Union Station noticed concrete barriers around the city 's busiest transit hub .
`` There are now barriers for protection which need a little navigation , '' tweeted Metrolinx spokesperson Anne Marie Aikins .
TTC subway trains will continue to bypass North York Centre station as the investigation continues . Beecroft Rd. , which runs parallel to Yonge St. , has been reopened .
U.S. President Donald Trump , at a ceremony outside the White House with French President Emmanuel Macron told reporters , `` Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada . ''
`` I want to express our deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocents lives , '' Trump said .
With files from Sabrina Nanji , Jennifer Yang , Jennifer Pagliaro , Tamar Harris , Daniel Dale , Alexandra Jones , Julien Gignac , Robert Benzie , Michele Henry and Nicholas Keung
With files from Sabrina Nanji , Jennifer Yang , Jennifer Pagliaro , Tamar Harris , Daniel Dale , Alexandra Jones , Julien Gignac , Robert Benzie , Michele Henry and Nicholas Keung
© VINCENZO PINTO / AFP/ GETTY IMAGES
surprising
sinking
© Splash
© VINCENZO PINTO / AFP/GETTY IMAGES
© MARCO SABBADIN / AFP
© VINCENZO PINTO / AFP/GETTY IMAGES
© VINCENZO PINTO / AFP/GETTY IMAGES
Photographs taken this week show the famed Venetian gondolas helplessly abandoned on the docks , as the low tides caused by Wednesday 's 'super blue blood moon ' dry up the canals , robbing gondoliers of their money and residents of their transportation.This is the third year that Venice has experienced record low water levels , with data showing a decrease of up to 60 cm lower than average. , according to Express Now , with little to no water to supplement the famous Venetian aesthetic , tourists instead get a glimpse of the filth buried at the bottom of the canals , gondolas perched on muddy banks , and canal-side building walls eroded away by the water.However , the DailyMail reports that alongside low tides , the city has been experiencing cold winter weather , lack of rain and low tides due to the `` super blue blood moon '' all of which contribute to its dried-up canals.Venice relies on its growing tourism to counter the effects of its shrinking population . Official census figures show that the city , which once housed a population of over 175,000 has steadily been decreasing , since 1951 , to 155,000 residents .
OWING MILLS , Md . – Every year when Santa comes to town children and their parents line-up to meet the jolly big man – but one Maryland toddler was n't having it .
Kerry Spencer taught her son the sign for “ help ” in sign language – and during his photo with Santa he made the sign .
“ We taught our baby sign language . This is the sign for ‘ help . ' You 're welcome , ” Spencer wrote .
We taught our baby sign language . This is the sign for `` help . '' You 're welcome . pic.twitter.com/i6NkxBf4KP — Kerry Spencer ( @ Swilua ) December 5 , 2017
Spencer tweeted out the hilarious photo on Tuesday and it has since gone viral .
She went on to clear up the specific sign language variant he was taught .
“ In baby sign you go with what they do . We showed him the ASL version and this is what he did , ” she wrote on Twitter .
In baby sign you go with what they do . We showed him the ASL version and this is what he did . — Kerry Spencer ( @ Swilua ) December 6 , 2017
And to all the commenters saying he did it wrong , he was one ! Give the poor guy a break ! 😂 ( This is the actual sign : ) pic.twitter.com/0pgfRmbdk7 — Kerry Spencer ( @ Swilua ) December 8 , 2017
No word on if the little boy was able to let Saint Nick know what he wanted for Christmas before his parents rescued him .
Test Boost Elite i used to be continually the obese one in my class developing up . different kids constantly made a laugh of my weight problem , so I spent my youth years being extraordinarily insecure . For plenty of my life I blamed it on genetics , being overweight runs within the own family . however towards the middle of my life I got fed up with it and determined . http : //t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
Welcome back to MOM FRIENDS , the 3-part series where moms chat about making friends with others parents .
This is the last leg of journey ! So we 're asking the ever-important question , the reason we should or should n't be chatting `` mom friends '' in the first place .
Here we go :
Are mom friends really that important ?
We talked about WHY it 's hard to make and maintain friends as a mom , and HOW moms are doing it ( like Facebook , for example ) . But this question is key .
Most of the moms we spoke to said friendships , whether it be with parents or non-parents , are important . To bounce ideas off of , to vent to , to brag to , to laugh with and more . The key , it seems , does friends make you feel like you 're not alone .
Check out what the moms had to say .
As a young mom , having other parent friends helps you feel less like an outsider :
Ashley Lopez , mother of 3 :
`` When I was younger I thought it was really important to have mom friends . I had my son at 18 and was 23 when I had my daughter . At 18 , all of my friends from high school were going out and being a normal 18-year-old . I still wanted to be around other moms so I would n't feel so alone and embarrassed .
When I had my daughter , I was attending ASU and no one that I talked to had any kids so I definitely did not fit in . I do n't know if it was the age or the relationship I was in , but I did n't feel like I needed to be friends with other moms . Of course it would be nice because they understand your life more , but it 's just not that important to me anymore . I 'm happy with the way my life is now with mom friends and my non-mom friends . ''
Ashley Lopez of Arizona poses with her three children and her husband at their wedding .
Drey Johnson
What Lopez wants people to know :
I think it 's just important to be around people who will better your life as a person and a mother . That being said , I 'm also a stepmom and it is important to meet women who are stepmoms . It 's a different territory and it 's difficult to not over step any boundaries or to just understand the boundaries in general . Talking to other moms truly does help .
It 's always good to get advice from fellow moms
Tatyana , mother of 1 :
`` They 're someone who can offer advise and be an ear . Someone who knows what you 're going through . ''
What Tatyana wants people to know :
It 's okay not to have mom friends as well . I have plenty of friends who are n't parents but can provide great examples as individuals .
Kristi Piper , mother of 5 :
I have a `` Google friend '' whom I go to for any questions like where to sign my kids up for football or need-to-know info about the area . `` I consider ... friendships very valuable . ''
Friends remind you of your individuality
Jordan Johnson , mother of 1 :
Jordan Johnson poses at the Wooden Shoe Tulip Festival in Oregon with her husband and son .
Courtesy Jordan Johnson
`` I think it 's important for mom 's to go out without their kids every once and a while too . It feels like once you become a mom then you do n't get to be your own person anymore , you have to be completely selfless and put your kids first 100 % of the time . Some people are able to do that but you should n't feel bad for needing a break from your kids . It 's nice to go out with your friends and have a conversation without constantly being interrupted . ''
It 's nice to be with people who get it
Araceli Perez , mother of 2 :
`` It 's nice to relate to the mom friends that I do have . Most of the time , when my kid decides to act out , I do n't feel discouraged around them since they can relate . ... The best mom friends are the ones that never judge or try to say something when it comes to your choices . ''
It 's different than a romantic relationship
Whitney Ford , mother of 2 :
`` I notice when I get out of the house , it always ends up being worth it , '' Ford said . It 's `` having the empathy and human connection '' that is so important she added .
Whitney Ford with friend Alli Mayes , whom she met through a Facebook group for parents in Arizona .
Courtesy Whitney Ford
`` It 's good for your mental health to have another person that you can relate to on that level , '' she said . And it 's different than a spouse .
`` Moms and dads experience parenthood differently , so having other mom friends ... I really do think it 's important for your wellbeing . ''
Like all the Moms ?
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
READ MORE :
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Reports : Former Barcelona star was given illegally purchased liver by club President
Aakanksh Sanketh FOLLOW ANALYST News 1.81K // 04 Jul 2018 , 17:26 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Barcelona 's Director of Football , Eric Abidal , seems to be at the centre of a brand-new controversy
Shocking new reports emerging from Spain claim that former Barcelona President Sandro Rosell illegally purchased a liver for the club 's current Director of Football , Éric Abidal , back in 2012 .
In March 2011 , Abidal was diagnosed with a form of cancer after a tumour was discovered in his liver . As a result , the Frenchman immediately underwent surgery to get rid of the tumour . Merely 2 months later , Abidal played the full UEFA Champions League final against Manchester United and was handed the captain 's armband by Carles Puyol to mark his recovery .
However , in March 2012 , recurring issues that had n't been cured during the surgery required the defender to undergo a liver transplant . In April 2010 , he underwent the necessary surgery with his cousin Gerard reportedly being the donor of the liver .
Now , the latest reports from El Confidencial ( via Marca ) have claimed that this liver was n't supplied by his cousin , but was , in fact , purchased illegally by the then club President , Sandro Rosell .
According to the report , multiple calls from Rosell have been intercepted by Spanish police and allegedly contain proof of the former Barcelona President admitting to the crime .
The publication states that on 20th April 2017 , Rosell spoke to an unknown caller who revealed that he had tried explaining the situation to current Barcelona President Josep Maria Bartomeu .
`` I asked [ Bartomeu ] if he had a minute and I explained it to him and he got angry , '' the caller reportedly said .
`` We had sold [ the idea ] that it was the cousin .
`` We paid him two years of contract , what was remaining . ''
A week later , there was reportedly yet another call that was intercepted . One between Rosell and someone by the name of Juanjo . On April 28th , the pair reportedly spoke again , with Rosell admitting to illegally purchasing the liver .
`` Abidal is a son of a b * * * * and he told me to tell my friend that he 'd behaved poorly with him , '' Juanjo told Rosell .
`` I told him , 'look Abi , if you 're here and talking then it 's because you have a new liver , do you understand ? '
`` And he told me no . ''
`` Well , if you do n't understand that then you do n't understand anything about life . ''
`` I told Abidal 'if you 're here sitting talking with me right now then it 's because somebody bought you a liver , eh ? ' ''
Another report from talkSport claim that these calls have been handed over to a judge who is reportedly investigating Rosell on the grounds of money laundering .
This report claims that there was always uncertainty surrounding the legitimacy of the source of the liver and that these phone calls openly suggest an illegal purchase of the liver , with the cousin angle being used as a facade to avoid controversy .
Notably , Abidal returned to Barcelona just last month in the capacity of Director of Football .
TUESDAY , April 24 , 2018 -- How much a woman indulges in alcohol may have ties to her premenstrual syndrome , or PMS , symptoms , a new global research review suggests .
`` We estimate that 11 percent of premenstrual syndrome cases may be associated to alcohol intake worldwide , '' according to a team led by Bahi Takkouche , of the University of Santiago de Compostela , in Spain .
The researchers also estimated that about 21 percent of PMS cases might be attributed to alcohol use among American and European women , whose drinking rates are especially high .
The study was based on population data and ca n't prove cause-and-effect . But one U.S. expert said that , for women bothered by bad PMS , it certainly could n't hurt to try lowering alcohol use .
`` The take-away message is certainly to encourage women diagnosed with PMS to avoid or limit alcohol intake and counsel women to limit alcohol intake as a preventive measure to minimize the likelihood of developing PMS , '' said Dr. Mitchel Kramer . He directs obstetrics and gynecology at Huntington Hospital in Huntington , N.Y .
As the Spanish study authors explained , PMS severity varies between women and can include mood swings , tender breasts , food cravings , fatigue , irritability and depression . Overall , the researchers estimate that the average woman is likely to experience 3,000 days of disabling PMS symptoms during her reproductive years .
What 's the impact of drinking on PMS ? To find out , Takkouche 's group analyzed findings from 19 prior studies on the issue . Those studies included more than 47,000 women in eight countries .
Based on the collected data , the research showed that about 11 percent of PMS cases worldwide might be associated with alcohol consumption .
That 's based on the fact that about 30 percent of women worldwide drink alcohol , with about 6 percent being heavy drinkers .
But in Europe and the United States specifically , drinking rates for women rise to between 50 and 60 percent , and rates of heavy drinking are more than 12 percent , the researchers noted .
That means that about one in every five PMS cases in those regions could be tied to drinking , the report concluded .
Takkouche 's team published their findings online April 23 in the journal BMJ Open .
How might boozing affect PMS rates and severity ? According to Kramer , `` the theory is that alcohol alters the level of steroid sex hormones which has been implicated as a cause of PMS . '' He said alcohol might also affect certain brain neurochemicals , including serotonin , that `` have an impact or causal effect on PMS as well . ''
Dr. Jennifer Wu is an obstetrician/gynecologist at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City . She said the new research might give new insights into treating PMS .
According to Wu , many women are reluctant to take antidepressants or other medications to help ease PMS symptoms .
However , `` in light of the new research , non-drug therapy would certainly include decreasing alcohol in the time between ovulation and the patient 's period , '' she said .
Kramer also stressed that more research needs to be done , `` especially to identify exactly what the causal relationship is , '' in terms of alcohol 's effect on the female hormonal and reproductive systems .
The U.S. Office on Women 's Health has more on PMS .
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay . All rights reserved .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Most Britons think they only have a few cousins , but research has revealed they may have 16,000 relatives .
DNA tests revealed the surprising size of the average family .
The study found people in the North West have the biggest families , with 20,000 relatives up to eighth cousins on average .
But in the South East , South West and East Anglia , they have fewer than the UK average of 16,000 , according to genealogy website AncestryDNA .
It said the average adult only knew 1 % of their family : “ If you went to a match at Wembley , you would potentially be in a crowd with two long-lost cousins . ”
Seven million customers have supplied DNA using home-testing kits to find out their family history . Most Britons polled thought they had only six cousins .
The figures were released to mark DNA Day , which celebrates the discovery of the “ double helix ” DNA structure on April 25 , 1953 .
AncestryDNA 's Russell James said : “ The fact that we 're now able to use that science in our own homes to make new connections with relatives is remarkable . ”
A friendly face and incentives go a long way . That is what has captured the attention of larger cosmetic manufacturers in South Korea as an increasing number of beauty bloggers are invited to join the competitive line of sales. “ I was always so disappointed that online-only products were excluded from discounts . Now , as a social seller I can offer my followers and friends online-only products at a special price ! , ” one of the advertisement postings by a blogger reads , packed with carefully crafted pictures and emoticons.She is one of 20 that were chosen by cosmetics giant Amorepacific to pilot a new system of selling its Innisfree products online with exclusive discounts that can only be accessed through bloggers.When a customer buys a product through a “ social seller , ” the seller also gets a cut of the sale.It is a new way for the company , known for its portfolio of cosmetics brands ranging from the high-end Sulwhasoo to the less expensive Etude House , to reach out to consumers.Influential beauty bloggers have always been scouted by cosmetics brands to post reviews and promote products , but they had not been officially licensed by major brands to sell products on their own until now.Selling products through these “ social sellers ” has become a common practice for new , smaller companies that have trouble breaking into traditional distribution channels such as drugstores and department stores.And Amorepacific 's pilot program that began this month is an unusual move for an established brand with steady distribution channels such as Innisfree.For now , a spokesperson for Amorepacific said , it is strictly a test program . It is yet unknown whether the social seller system will be expanded to Amorepacific 's other brands.However , using social sellers to offer discounts and extra samples for online-only products is an interesting way to pull in more sales in the online space , where cosmetics are facing fiercer competition not only from domestic sellers but from sellers overseas , industry insiders say. “ Cosmetics consumers , especially in Korea , have a huge variety of choices when it comes to brands and products , and they often turn to bloggers to recommend the products that are worth buying , ” said an official with a beauty brand. “ By selling directly through these trusted bloggers , it is possible for brands to bring in more sales . But it will be important to balance the brand 's sales needs with the integrity of the blogger , in order for the social sellers to maintain credibility as objective reviewers. ” By Won Ho-jung ( hjwon @ heraldcorp.com )
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
From a labour nightmare and an incredibly awkward love triangle to tragic confessions and worrying behaviour , Coronation Street will be brimming with drama next week .
And , considering the recent shock announcement that boss Kate Oates is leaving the ITV soap and will be replaced by Emmerdale 's serial producer Iain MacLeod , all eyes will be on Corrie over the next few months .
But what can you expect from next week 's explosive episodes ? Here are are all the main storylines you should keep an eye out for over next week ...
Eva Price 's labour drama as Toyah 's lies spiral out of control
Eva Price will finally give birth next week in incredibly chaotic scenes - expect tears , tantrums and troubling lies .
Toyah , played by Georgia Taylor , will be forced to deliver the baby herself after Eva becomes trapped in the bathroom of the cottage the pair have rented out . But the drama certainly wo n't be over after the baby is born for Toyah as lies pile up and she is accused of cheating on Peter Barlow .
Over the last six months , they have managed to keep Eva 's pregnancy quiet from everyone on the cobbles - including their half-sister Leanne and Toyah 's partner Peter .
After Toyah 's surrogate miscarried her baby , she managed to get Eva ( Catherine Tyldesley ) to agree to be her replacement surrogate in an utterly bonkers plan .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Image : ITV )
In scenes airing next week on Coronation Street , Toyah is left worried when she facetimes Eva and notices she looks unwell . But she is left in even more of a panic when she struggles to find her car keys .
Finally , Toyah manages to get away and reaches the cottage , only to hear Eva screaming after locking herself in the bathroom and going into labour .
`` Toyah hears screams and Eva says she has gone in to labour but unfortunately the door to the bathroom has fallen off with Eva trapped inside , '' actress Georgia reveals . `` Toyah smashes the hell out of that door because she is going to make sure that Eva and her baby are okay . ''
( Image : ITV )
Toyah ends up delivering the baby they all head to hospital . But later , when Eva is left alone with her baby daughter , it looks like she might be having some major doubts when she holds the baby for the first time .
But Toyah appears to be oblivious to Eva 's inner torment and later takes the baby home to a smitten Peter .
( Image : ITV )
Yet a jealous Simon puts a spanner in the works when he accuses her of cheating and Leanne confronts Toyah .
A panicked Toyah lies to Leanne and says that she rented a friend who needs to escape from an abusive relationship . She also confides in Leanne that Eva wo n't be returning to Weatherfield .
Georgia explains : `` By accident , she has become a deceitful person but she does n't have the traits of a naturally deceitful person .
`` But she does have a conscience so there is always a chance that she wo n't be able to contain her guilt forever . ''
Jenny Connor makes tragic confession to Johnny
Jenny will reveal the tragic real reason she wants to leave the cobbles behind .
Her husband Johnny ( Richard Hawley ) is left confused when Jenny ( Sally Ann Matthews ) suddenly postpones their leaving party and ends up confiding in Liz about her odd behaviour .
Later , Johnny finally plucks up the courage to speak to her but insinuates that he thinks she is cheating on him .
However , this is clearly not the case and Jenny confides in her husband about the true reason for her uncharacteristic behaviour .
( Image : ITV )
Jenny explains to Johnny that it is the anniversary of her son Tom 's death and takes him to the children 's playground where she scattered his ashes .
Tom tragically drowned when he was four years old when Jenny left him playing in a paddling pool in 2013 . When Jenny returned to Corrie , she kept his death a secret and struggled with mental health issues .
Jenny confides in Johnny and says that one of the reasons she wants to leave the country is to escape her painful memories .
Heartbreaking .
Audrey Roberts caught up in awkward love triangle
Audrey Roberts will find herself in the middle of a very awkward love triangle after making a bid for a gentleman 's attentions .
The hairdresser , played by Sue Nicholls , seemed rather smitten on hospital radio DJ Geoff ( Ian Bartholomew ) during her stay after she was mugged .
And with them set to reunite on the cobbles , Audrey will make a play for her man .
But unfortunately for her , he only has eyes for another - her neighbour Yasmeen Nazir !
Yasmeen ( Shelley King ) suddenly distracted from an argument with Sally - over the price of a bird feeder - when Geoff walks into the room .
He asks her to meet him in the Bistro and she confides in Rita who tells her to go for it .
But when Audrey meets Rita in the Bistro , she spots Geoff , and unaware that he 's waiting for Yasmeen , asks him to join them .
After the mix up , Audrey , Geoff and Yasmeen all end up sitting together , until Yasmeen leaves because she feels so awkward .
When Audrey spots Geoff looking wistfully after her she disappointedly realises it is Yasmeen he wants and encourages him to go after her .
Will love blossom for Yasmeen and Geoff ?
Aidan Connor sparks concerns after giving away his belongings
Aidan Connor ( Shayne Ward ) could leave some viewers concerned next week as he begins to display some worrying behaviour .
As well as giving away some of his valuable belongings , Aidan will also give Summer Spellman his credit card so that she can splash out on a new outfit .
Will any of the other Weatherfield residents notice his troubling behaviour ?
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Also ...
WATERLOO — Colin Conant can do a bit of this and he can also do a bit of that .
The St. David Celtics speedster made significant contributions on offence , defence and special teams Friday to lead his squad to a 26-14 victory over the St. Mary 's Eagles in District 8 senior football league play . The reigning champions improved to 3-0 at St. David Catholic Secondary School and the Eagles dropped to 0-3 .
Conant 's productive performance included a 15-yard rushing touchdown , a 120-yard TD return of a missed field goal and a third-quarter interception that put the halt to a promising St. Mary 's drive . A second interception and 13-yard TD reception were negated by penalties .
`` I feel pretty good about my performance but I left a lot on the table in terms of plays I could have made and mistakes that I have to eliminate , '' said Conant .
`` I have to improve every week and the team has to improve every week . ''
The Eagles are a better team than their record would indicate but mistakes came back to bite them against the Celtics .
St. Mary 's made a mess of its first offensive play and St. David 's Ryan Stuut recovered the loose ball on the Eagles ' 15-yard line . On their first play from scrimmage , Celtics quarterback Sam Hepditch handed the ball to Conant , who zigged and zagged for a score that gave his team a 6-0 lead just 61 seconds after the opening kickoff .
The Eagles went on to fumble and lose possession on the first play of their second offensive series as well . Lorenzo Cunamay fell on the loose ball at St. Mary 's 26-yard line but the Eagles defence held firm . Hepditch upped the score to 7-0 with a 36-yard punt into the St. Mary 's end zone .
Conant scored the game 's second touchdown near the start of the second quarter when he snagged a missed field goal attempt in his own end zone and darted his way down the left sideline for a huge score on special teams .
The Eagles were well on their way to their first score in the final minute of the first half but fumbled and lost possession of the ball on St. David 's one-yard line .
The historical die-offs are similar to “ what we 're seeing right now on the Great Barrier Reef , ” says Mark Eakin , a coral reef ecologist at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in College Park , Maryland .
Thirteen thousand years ago , as the last ice age ended , entire stretches of Australia 's Great Barrier Reef perished . Rising sea levels blanketed the world 's largest collection of corals with sediment coming off the newly inundated land , blocking the sunlight corals need to grow . The reef eventually recovered , but it took hundreds to thousands of years . This near death and eventual resurrection was n't a one-off , according to a new study that reveals the reef 's shifting boundaries over geological time . It 's a tale that has played out five times over the past 30,000 years—and it may be happening again today .
The study , continues Katie Langin in Science , “ holds some really important lessons ” for understanding how resilient corals are in the face of change , and how quickly they recover after catastrophic events , says Kim Cobb , a paleoclimatologist at the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta , who was n't involved in the work . Today 's rate of sea level rise is moderate—about 10 % of the rate 13,000 years ago—but going forward it may accelerate dramatically , she says .
To conduct the study , scientists used underwater sonar to locate places on the sea floor , beyond the current reef , where corals may have grown in the past . Then , they drilled 20 holes , extracting rock cores that contained fossil corals and sediments deposited over the past 30,000 years , spanning part of the last ice age and the warm millennia that followed .
The reef migrated up and down during that time , the team found , closely tracking changes in sea level at a rate of up to 20 vertical meters per thousand years . And when sea level reached its lowest point 21,000 years ago—118 meters below today 's level , its lost water locked up in massive ice caps—corals survived on the outer terraces of Australia 's continental shelf , the team reports today in Nature Geosciences .
Scientists have long wondered where the Great Barrier Reef went during the last ice age , says Jody Webster , a marine geologist at The University of Sydney in Australia and the lead author of the study . “ We were able to find it . ”
But the reef could n't always keep up with changing sea levels . The researchers identified five times when it appeared to die off—twice during the cool down of the last ice age , when falling sea levels exposed corals to air ; and three times 10,000 to 17,000 years ago , when glacial melt caused sea levels to rise rapidly . “ We have n't drilled or sampled everything , ” says Webster , so he and his colleagues ca n't confirm how extensive the die-off was . But they think corals persisted in some places along the continental shelf during those times , allowing reefs in other locations to re-establish within 2000 years .
Continue reading ...
Image credit : barrierreef.org
Most Popular Space & Science Headlines
Homo Naledi , Newly Discovered Species -- '' Maybe We 've Had the Story of Human Evolution Wrong the Whole Time ''
Stephen Hawking 's Great Question -- '' Why Is n't the Milky Way Crawling With Mechanical or Biological Life ? ''
`` Alien Minds '' -- 'Artificial Intelligence Is Already Out There , and It 's Billions of Years Old ' ( VIDEO )
`` Point of No Return '' -- MIT Scientist Predicts the Event Horizon for Earth 's 6th Mass Extinction
A Neutron Star Collision in Our Milky Way Neighborhood Could Destroy Earth
`` 300-Million Nuclear Bombs '' -- New Insights Into Global Impact of Titanic Chicxulub Mass-Extinction Event
Stephen Hawking : Wake Up , Science Deniers ! -- '' Earth is Morphing into Venus '' ( WATCH Today 's 'Galaxy ' Stream )
`` Evolutionary Leap ? '' AI is Mimicing the Human Brain -- '' But Several Orders of Magnitude Faster and More Efficiently
China Creates a Laser of Mind-Boggling Power -- '' Could Rip Space Asunder , Breaking the Vacuum ''
`` Stop Saying That Dinosaurs Went Extinct . They Did n't ''
A look at what 's happening all around the majors today :
___
WELCOME BACK
Rockies right-hander Chad Bettis will complete his comeback from chemotherapy for testicular cancer when he starts at Coors Field against Atlanta .
The 28-year-old Bettis finished his last round of treatment in May , two months after doctors discovered his testicular cancer had spread . He had surgery in November to remove the cancer , but it returned and he was forced to leave the team in March for chemotherapy .
The game will be Bettis ' first in the majors since Sept. 30 . He went 14-8 for Colorado last year .
YOUR CALL
Cubs manager Joe Maddon starts his annual “ American Legion Week , ” a stretch of home games during which he allows his players to show up to Wrigley Field at their own discretion . It 's designed to give players rest before the key stretch run in September , and take them back to the time in their lives when they were in American Legion ball , where they might get to the field an hour or so before first pitch , suit up and play .
Part of the tradition , which Maddon started when he managed the Tampa Bay Rays , includes recognition of a local American Legion post and ordering beer sausages to eat after games . It 'll begin when the NL Central leaders host Cincinnati .
“ The whole point is , you do n't have to be there all day to be able to play a major league baseball game successfully , ” Maddon said . “ I want them to show up later , I want them to come out and play just like they did when they were kids . Do n't overthink it , do n't overwork it , do n't over-video it , do n't over-data it . Just go play some baseball . ”
ON THE MEND
Washington ace Stephen Strasburg begins his rehabilitation assignment when he starts for Class A Potomac in the Carolina League . He 's been on the disabled list since late July with right elbow nerve impingement . The All-Star is 10-3 in 20 starts for the NL East leaders .
FAMILIAR FOES
In another potential playoff preview , the Red Sox host the Indians to make up an Aug. 2 rainout . Cleveland swept Boston 3-0 during last year 's postseason , and the teams are currently on track to meet again in an AL Division Series this October . They 've already squared off in the playoffs five times since 1999 — and the ties between these organizations run deep . Indians skipper Terry Francona guided Boston to two World Series titles ( 2004 , 2007 ) . Whenever he faces the Red Sox these days , he manages against one of his closest friends , John Farrell .
Boston has won the first two of seven regular-season matchups between the clubs , including one of the wildest and most exciting games of the year in their most recent meeting Aug. 1 . This time , Trevor Bauer ( 10-8 , 4.79 ERA ) pitches for the Indians against Doug Fister ( 2-5 , 5.03 ) , who took a shutout into the eighth inning and beat Cleveland 6-2 at Fenway Park for his first win of the season July 31 .
NEW YORK STATE OF MIND
This year 's edition of the Subway Series begins with the first of two games at Yankee Stadium , followed by a pair at Citi Field . And even though the depleted Mets ( 53-62 ) have been selling off veterans since falling out of the pennant race , there 's this bit of drama as a backdrop : Executives on both sides have been sniping at each other in the New York media about recent trade talks between the teams . “ I think there will be a ton of excitement in both stadiums , ” Yankees manager Joe Girardi said . “ Obviously , they 're really important games for us . And I 'm sure the Mets consider them really important for them , too , as it 's part of the rivalry . ”
Girardi said his staff has talked about ex-Mets farmhand Luis Cessa ( 0-3 ) “ probably ” being recalled from the minors to start the opener in place of injured pitcher Masahiro Tanaka . Rafael Montero ( 1-8 ) gets the ball for the Mets .
O-DUBEL PLAY
Odubel Herrera has gotten as much notice for his bat flipping and baserunning blunders as he has for the 16-game hit streak he takes when Philadelphia plays at San Diego .
Herrera was involved in a bizarre play in Sunday 's home loss to the Mets when he mistakenly ran into a double play . He was booed the rest of his at-bats and fans yelled at him that he should go back to the minors .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
WWE News : Matt Hardy 's title belt collection revealed
This is , pun not intended , wonderful .
@ HJKettle by Harry Kettle News 14 Jun 2017 , 19:23 IST
This man has won over 40 championships – staggering
What 's the story ?
WWE Raw Superstar Matt Hardy unveiled his stunning collection of championship belts that he has collected over the years and posted an image of the same on his Twitter account .
Hardy is currently enjoying another run with brother Jeff , with the pair winning the Raw Tag Team Championships back at WrestleMania 33 , only to lose it to Sheamus and Cesaro at Extreme Rules .
In case you did n't know ...
Despite predominantly being a tag team wrestler for the majority of his career , Matt has found quite a lot of success as a singles star .
Many people always viewed Jeff as the bigger star out of the two brothers , however in the last twelve months Matt has shone through as the new face of The Hardy Boyz due to the formation of his Broken Matt Hardy character .
The heart of the matter
Part of my Title Collection . I still have championships to add . pic.twitter.com/jsKiBJe7AB — REBORN by FATE ( @ MATTHARDYBRAND ) June 14 , 2017
As you can see in the above tweet , Hardy has pictured 12 of his former championships and has actually won over 40 throughout the duration of his career .
These belts include the TNA Heavyweight Championship , the ROH Tag Team Championships , the WWE United States Championship and many more that represent his versatility and marketability within the business .
What 's next ?
With The Hardy Boyz still chasing Sheamus & Cesaro 's tag titles , there 's a chance that they could win them back in the near future , however it seems much more likely that the brothers will go their separate ways by the end of the year .
If that happens , there 's every chance that Matt could go after either the Universal Championship or the Intercontinental Championship .
Author 's take
People do n't really appreciate just how successful Matt Hardy has been over the course of his career , and hopefully this opens their eyes to what a great competitor he is . Hardy has constantly been able to reinvent his gimmick in any given scenario , and if he were to retire tomorrow , the former TNA star can look back on his body of work and be proud .
A woman needed hospital treatment after being dragged to the ground during a brawl in York .
Police today issued an appeal for witnesses to the incident in King Street in the early hours of Bank Holiday Monday .
Officers were called to the scene at 12.40am after a brawl involving a group of women .
One of the women , who was in her 20s , had been assaulted and dragged to the ground .
A police spokesman said she needed hospital treatment for her injuries .
A 23-year-old woman from Scarborough was arrested on suspicion of affray and released under investigation while enquiries continue .
Anyone who saw the incident , or has any information about it , is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police .
Dial 101 , select option 2 and and ask for DC Tracey Pearson , DS Matt Dodson or the York Investigation Hub , quoting reference 12170065113 .
Alternatively , contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 .
Continuing Essay Help Anxieties in American Healthcare
The initial health and fitness care obstacle to your US at the time the Person essay writing help Security and Really reasonably-priced Cure Act ( PPACA ) was unveiled in March of 2010 was to understand in particular what was supposed by its formidable showcasing of 906 webpages ( Maniam , Black , & Leavell , 2013 ) . The document was difficult to dissect at best ; but , generally , required that buy custom essay most individuals obtain insurance or else pay a penalty . Its intention was to provide subsidies to individuals who have low to moderate incomes and no very low fee buy custom essays source of coverage , and to impose fines on business with more than 50 employees that do not offer adequate coverage to their workers . The plan required intense study by each of the states in order to establish what was needed to enact its overly perplexing tenets . So , while the bureaucratic administration wrestled with what laws would be required to implement this legislation , well-being treatment policymakers , the unique states , the myriad of insurance corporations , concerned consumers , and well being care providers-in-general struggled to establish strategies for their own interests . As a result , certain difficulties seemed to emerge that influenced the variety of entities involved . The most problematic complications with the PPACA were : what type of delivery system design could be used ; how could each state provide equal universal coverage into the variety of populations ; and , how could the states reform their payment systems to accomplish integration within the present Medicare system ? A limited analysis of these questions is rendered the following suggestions .
First of all , an overall system design must come about in the initial cheap custom essay service planning phase . The funding and structural design necessary for that consistency of purpose must flow from this clinical design ; and then , be constructed to support the clinical design as a whole system . It should be noted that payment systems that are created as “ performance-based ” are not the same as “ clinical outcomes payment systems ” ( Maniam , Black , & Leavell , 2013 ) . Payment systems that are based only on “ clinical outcomes are challenging and hard to measure ” ( Maniam , Black , & Leavell , 2013 ) . So , performance outcomes based on processes that are related to positive clinical outcomes ( for example , healthiness screening protocols ) are much easier to achieve . Necessarily then ( according to Vannoy , 2005 ) , payment systems have to include “ case rate ? type payments ” , so that things not without difficulty lending themselves for the CPT/HCPS Codes , fee for service payments , or performance ? based incentives are also counted . As such , this burden then drives the need for more information on hospital care , preventative treatment , provider treatment solution , and specialized procedure to make a more informed decision on the ultimate design . If not , these components can possibly surge costs upward and require both consumers and wellness care entities to have to scrutinize the prices for services , products , and medical supplies . It is imperative for planners , therefore , to take sufficient time to address all of the difficulties identified above , or there will be false starts , lost time , lost money , service capacity limits , and untold impact on consumer lives .
These varied realities explain why policymakers , planners , and providers of primary , physical , and behavioral overall health treatment across the united states of america continue to grapple with how to deliver quality college essay help care within the context of the PPACA . The design of the performance management system needs to match the clinical design system . It needs to also include outcome measurement tools within its modernized and computerized electronic data record collection system . Additionally , the development of an appropriate financial and management system needs to be coupled aided by the clinical design . The potential barriers requiring consideration in this context include : continued clarification of the PPACA document and its subsequent laws ; close examination of the myriad of waiver renewals offered ; scrutiny of all state Medicaid plans for equal continuity ; and , the establishment of consensus on a payment system design .
Summary
Payment mechanisms being considered are : risk ? based and performance ? based contracting . Funding barriers to primary care/Behavioral medical integration and financial or structural integration does not assure clinical integration . Proper design and sequencing of reform efforts will make the difference between state level change efforts that result in improvement and those that do n't . We must do our homework and create a realistic timeline . We must engage key stakeholders to design and guide the system . We should create a strong clinical design supported by evidence based practices . We should design a performance management system that matches the clinical design and includes outcome measures and modern data collection systems . We should develop appropriate financial and management systems tailored towards clinical design . We must address regulatory barriers ; waiver renewals , Medicaid State Plan amendments , and state law amendments . In other words , we should continue to monitor and adjust our path based on all lessons learned .
References
Goroll A . “ Fundamental reform of payment for adult primary care : Comprehensive
Payment for comprehensive care. ” Journal of General Internal medicine : Overall health care Financial Management Association ( 2007 ) .
Maniam , Balasundram , Laurie Black , and Hadley Leavell . “ The Financial and Economic Effects of the Personal Security and Particularly quite affordable Procedure Act ( PPACA ) . ” Journal of the Academy of Business & Economics 13.1 ( 2013 ) .
Vannoy , S. Improving the quality of fitness treatment for mental and substance-use conditions , Institute of Medicine : Washington , DC . ( 2005 ) .
Anderson , Eric . “ From the Inside : A Professional Project Comparing How the Insurance Industry and Mass Media Portray the PPACA ” ( 2013 ) . University of Nebraska-Lincoln : College of Journalism and Mass Communications .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Mums and dads who want to quickly nip to the shops children in tow , may be familiar with the frustration of watching as another driver goes into a space only to walk in to the store without any little ones .
We 've all spotted someone doing it - and some of us might admit to doing it ourselves .
I mean , what 's the harm ? The spaces are rarely patrolled ( traffic wardens are powerless to penalise motorists unless they 're parked in a council-owned car park or on the street ) so it is easy for motorists to sneak in and flout the rules .
It is the cause of car park arguments up and down the country - but what exactly is the law about parking in a parent and child space ?
Could this all be about to change ?
Despite measures by various supermarkets and councils to crack down on this behaviour , more drastic action could be in the pipeline .
A £25 on the spot fine has been suggested for those who use the spaces without proper reason , according to the Mirror .
A spokesman for the AA said : `` Some supermarkets already fine drivers who abuse mother and baby parking spaces .
`` The problem is where enforcement is n't done by a human but cameras . There needs to be the presence of a warden to act as a physical deterrent , with the discretion to give a warning .
`` Many people would see the sense in reducing the age limit as 12 year olds should be able to walk across a car park .
`` However , the upper age limit probably reflects the law on use of child restraints – with few exceptions , all children under 12 years and under 135cm tall must use an appropriate child restraint when travelling in any car or goods vehicle . ''
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
There have been calls for an on-the-spot fine of £25 - and a large number of motorists have backed it .
Signs have appeared at various Tesco 's around in and around Bristol warning of a £70 fine for improper use of the spaces and other supermarkets are following suit .
A LIVERPOOL fan has been stabbed and left in a critical condition amid clashes between home and away fans as the Reds hosted the first leg of the Champions League semi-final against Roma .
Jurgen Klopp 's side ran out 5-2 winners on the park , but distressing scenes before kick-off have engulfed social media and somewhat overshadowed the result .
Merseyside police have confirmed that two men , aged 25 and 26 , from Rome have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder .
A 53-year-old supporter was allegedly attacked near the Albert Pub prior to the match .
A Liverpool statement has confirmed he is in a critical condition .
`` Liverpool Football Club is shocked and appalled after a Liverpool supporter was left in a critical condition having been attacked prior to the Champions League fixture against AS Roma , '' the statement read .
Liverpool fans light flares outside the stadium
`` Our thoughts , in the first instance , are with the victim and his family at this very traumatic time . We will be offering them our full support . ''
Earlier , Merseyside Police said in statement : `` We are investigating a serious assault of a man outside the Albert pub on Walton Breck Rd at about 7.35pm .
`` Officers are appealing to anyone with information , or mobile phone footage to contact our social media desk via Twitter @ MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC . ''
They added : `` We can confirm a man has been arrested following an assault near to the Albert public house earlier this evening .
`` He has been taken to a police station where he will be interviewed by detectives . The 53-year-old victim is currently being treated for his injuries . ''
Roma 's ultras reportedly wielded hammers , batons and belts as they attacked home fans .
The Mirror reported that a Liverpool fan had posted a video online to say he had `` tried to meet my mate here ( Anfield ) and then all the Roma fans with their belts , they tried to hit the Liverpool fans . They were aggressive and offensive '' .
Soccer fans light flares and clamber atop Police vans before their Champions League , Semi Final First Leg soccer match at Anfield
Thousands of fans had gathered in the area before kick-off and multiple flares were let off to welcome the home side 's bus to the ground despite Klopp 's message against them .
`` This is an outstanding club known for its fantastic atmosphere , '' Klopp had said .
`` We do n't need to throw things .
`` Outside the stadium , please show the respect we have to show .
`` We can show how wonderful Liverpool people are and we can show it in 20 minutes before the game and then the whole world knows it . ''
A man drove from Chicago with crosses for each # VegasShooting victim . In front of iconic Las Vegas sign . Writing names & posting their pics . pic.twitter.com/1DHLn6WqgH — Veronica Miracle ( @ ABC7Veronica ) October 5 , 2017
A man from Chicago drove to Las Vegas to pay respects to the victims of the mass shooting.He placed 58 crosses for the victims in front of the Welcome to Las Vegas sign.He is writing the victims ' names and posting photos on the crosses as well . Greg Zanis has driven to previous scenes of mass murders to deliver a similar memory for the victims . He went to Columbine , Colo. , Newtown , Conn. and Orlando after mass shootings in those communities .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A football club chairman who harassed his former partner has been jailed .
Max Biddle continued to pester Nadia Osborne even though she told him their two-year relationship was over , Bristol Crown Court heard .
As well as bombarding her with threatening messages he assaulted her and a concerned member of the public who saw them in the street .
Biddle , 26 and of Gloucester Road , Rudgeway , pleaded guilty to harassment and two charges of common assault .
Judge Euan Ambrose jailed him for four months .
He told Biddle : “ You were unable to accept this relationship had ended . ”
Biddle was handed a five-year restraining order in which he must have no contact whatsoever with Miss Osborne .
Neil Treharne , prosecuting , said Biddle approached Miss Osborne in Claremont Road , Bishopston , after she told him on multiple occasions she wanted nothing to do with him .
The court heard Biddle demanded : “ Tell me who the f * * * he is ? ”
He then followed her , and when she asked him why he said : “ I told you I 'd find you . ”
When concerned Alex Lapworth intervened , Biddle took several swings at him but missed , the court heard .
Mr Treharne said Biddle bombarded the complainant with messages , in one saying : “ I will break your windows down if I have to . ”
When she was leaving her home he turned up and assaulted her as she tried to shut her front door , pushing her with both arms and hurting her .
Alun Williams , defending said his client was a hard-working man who was chairman of Horfield-based Cosmos UK FC , founded in 2012 , which provides people with direction through sport .
Mr Williams said : “ This was clearly unacceptable behaviour .
“ He has commendable character traits .
“ He is an intelligent young man . ”
South Korea 's household loans jumped 12 percent last year from a year earlier as people borrowed more from financial institutions to buy homes and invest in businesses , the central bank said Wednesday .
The outstanding loans extended to households came to 1,154.6 trillion won ( $ 1.01 trillion ) as of the end of December last year , compared with 1,030.6 trillion won from a year earlier , the Bank of Korea said in a report submitted to the parliament .
( Yonhap )
South Korean officials view an increase in household loans as a potential risk factor as household debt could weigh on private consumption and financial stability.Outstanding corporate loans extended by banks stood at 753.9 trillion won as of the end of December , up 20.8 trillion won from a year earlier.In comparison , outstanding corporate loans extended by banks jumped by 48.3 trillion won in 2015 from a year earlier.The BOK said a business slump and corporate restructuring are to blame for a slowdown of the annual growth rate for corporate loans.The BOK reiterated its stance that it will keep the current monetary easing policy while paying attention to financial stability.The BOK left its key rate unchanged at an all-time low of 1.25 percent in January after sending the rate to the lowest level in June to support the growth of Asia 's fourth-biggest economy.The BOK also said it will closely monitor uncertainties at home and abroad and the pace of US rate hike as well as household debt.In December , the US Federal Reserve raised its key interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point to a range of 0.5 percent to 0.75 percent . It also signaled three rate hikes in 2017 . ( Yonhap )
A Derbyshire woman has been fined almost £1,000 for driving 6mph over the speed limit .
Hasnija Osmanagic was driving her black BMW at 36mph , along a 30mph stretch of the A5111 Raynesway where it branches off from Shardlow Road in Alvaston .
The 31-year-old was sent a Notice of Intended Prosecution for the speeding offence , which happened in April last year .
As part of the process , she was asked to identify the driver at the time of the safety camera activation , despite a number of letters , she did not respond .
She was then contacted by phone and asked to have the Notice of Intended Prosecution sent by email but did n't respond to that either .
As a result , Osmanagic , of Cowslip Meadow , Draycott , was charged with failing to give information when required relating to the identity of a driver .
She appeared at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates ' Court last week and was fined £830 , with court costs pushing the total to £998 . Her licence was also endorsed with six points .
Sergeant Scott Jeffreys , from our Casualty Reduction Enforcement Support Team , said : “ We carry out these checks on roads across Derbyshire to make sure drivers are sticking to the speed limits .
“ There is no excuse for breaking them and anyone caught doing so may face a fine , points on their licence and in some cases , a ban .
“ If you ignore all of the correspondence following a safety camera activation , even if you were not the driver , you will be committing another offence entirely .
“ Hopefully this sends a clear message that , if you ignore a Notice of Intended Prosecution , you could face a costly experience in court . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A desperate jobseeker is hoping to boost his career prospects by standing outside an employment event with his CV displayed on a whiteboard .
Former Police Community Support Officer ( PCSO ) Andy Blackburn is hoping to catch a potential employer 's eye by spending all day today outside the TotalDECOM event in Manchester .
The 38-year-old said he is seeking employment again after his life was ‘ put on hold ' so he could care for his ill mum , who has now died .
Andy has worked in several public sector jobs since his three years as a community support officer and is pursuing a job in the energy industry , which he claims has more favourable career prospects , the Manchester Evening News reports .
Key figures in the oil , gas and nuclear energy industry are expected to gather today at TotalDECOM , and Andy is hoping to hand out his business cards to some influential people .
( Image : Manchester Evening News )
He will also carry a giant whiteboard listing his qualifications , to get their attention as they head through the door .
He has been unable to work over the last few years as he was caring for his mother Cecilia at her home in Cumbria , after she was diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease .
Sadly Cecilia passed away earlier this year at the age of 71 , and Andy has started looking for jobs to get his career back on track .
( Image : Manchester Evening News )
He has already tried the whiteboard stunt – two years ago at the same event – and says he was invited inside to tour the venue and speak to officials as a result .
However , Andy , from Cumbria , said he was n't in the right frame of mind back then and his efforts did n't actually lead to a job , so he 's hoping to have a bit more luck this time .
He is better prepared for this year 's event and will turn up to the event in a suit and tie , after wearing a t-shirt last time .
( Image : Manchester Evening News )
He said : “ I 'm going to be a bit more targeted . I just want an opportunity – I just want a starting point to get a career . It 's the main guys who go to the event , who are able to open that door .
“ I put my life on hold when I was looking after my mum . I just want that starting point to get a career . ”
Andy has previously worked in a number of roles in the public sector , but said government cuts mean he is looking for employment in the energy industry , which has better employment prospects .
( Image : Manchester Evening News )
He previously worked as a PCSO in Salford , between 2007 and 2010 , and also worked for Warrington Council , and he said they have provided him with transferable skills to launch a new career .
He has since spent more than £7,000 doing training courses to make the move into the oil industry , but his lack of work experience means he has struggled to get a job .
He said : “ I have the qualifications and skills and willingness to learn , I just need a starting point opportunity . ”
The president of the United States is reportedly no longer enjoying his favorite steak and ketchup meal that often anymore . On Wednesday , CNN reported that Trump has a new diet in the White House , swapping out steak for fish and adding vegetables to his plate in a bid to get him to eat healthier .
Sources close to the president told CNN that Trump has said in private that he needs to lose weight . One way that Trump is reportedly trying to shed that weight , according to CNN , is to replace steak ( which he likes to eat with ketchup ) with Dover sole , a kind of fish that Trump likes , according to Trump International Hotel chef David Burke . Another change involves eating only one side of a hamburger bun . Previously , Trump touched upon changing his diet in January while talking to Reuters ,
The people that do the food at the White House are extraordinary , but I think they can maybe make the portions a little bit smaller and maybe we 'll cut out some of the more fattening ingredients .
Eating only one side of the bun is something that Trump 's attorney and former New York City mayor , Rudy Giuliani , does as well . While speaking with The Washington Post in May , Giuliani said , `` I do that , too , sometimes . It 's a good way to do it . ''
It 's a change that arrives a few months after White House physician Ronny Jackson discussed Trump 's health report with the media . According to Jackson 's assessment , Trump 's coronary calcium score was 34 in 2009 and 98 in 2013 — a 64 point increase in four years . In early 2018 , Trump 's coronary calcium score was 133 .
According to Mayo Clinic , a coronary calcium score can help understand the likelihood of a heart attack . A higher score means a higher risk for a heart attack , and a lower score indicates a healthy and strong heart . A score between 100 to 300 means that the person has a moderate amount of plaque build-up in their blood vessels .
Ian MacNicol/Getty Images News/Getty Images
Cardiologist Rachel Bond told CNN that while the 133 score is cause for some concern as it shows plaque build-up in Trump 's blood vessels , it 's not out of the ordinary for someone his age . `` His score is 133 and he is 71 years of age , which puts him in the 46 percentile . What does this indicate ? Yes , he certainly has coronary artery disease because calcium is present . But this is also common for someone his gender , race , and age , '' Bond said .
While insiders close to Trump say that the president has gradually tweaked his meals to improve his health — particularly his cholesterol intake — the president has reportedly avoided increasing his physical activity beyond his weekend golf activities . Even then , CNN reported , Trump travels the golf grounds with the `` assistance of a cart . ''
The Wednesday report from CNN comes the same day that Trump publicly extolled the importance of physical fitness and health . The president delivered his public address on the White House South Lawn alongside White House adviser and daughter Ivanka Trump , Olympic gold medalist Misty May-Treanor , former NFL player Herschel Walker , and New York Yankees pitcher Mariano Rivera .
Pool/Getty Images News/Getty Images
In the past , however , Trump has downplayed the significance of working out . `` I get exercise . I mean I walk , I this , I that . I run over to a building next door . I get more exercise than people think , '' Trump told Reuters in a January interview . `` A lot of people go to the gym and they 'll work out for two hours and all . ... then they get their new knees when they 're 55 years old and they get their new hips and they do all those things . I do n't have those problems . ''
These little reported tweaks to Trump 's fitness plan could be a surprise to some observers who may recall Trump telling journalist Anderson Cooper that fast food like McDonald 's Big Macs and Kentucky Fried Chicken was `` great stuff '' in 2016 . But that was two years ago ; it looks like things may have changed on Pennsylvania Avenue .
A few years ago , we were told the millennial demographic consisted of thousands of urban farmers who kept chickens in their backyards until they abandoned their personal fowl when the responsibility of bird rearing got to be too much . `` Hipsters are ditching their pet chickens , '' ran a headline in the Atlantic in 2013 . `` Backyard chickens may have jumped the shark , '' ran another , in CityLab .
Today , youngish people are no longer making news for shoddy chicken farming — we are making news because we are apparently too squeamish to cook our feathery friends , let alone live with them . This squeamishness has nothing to do with a vegan moral imperative . A lot of us simply just do n't like touching raw meat , whether it was butchered at a big factory or in our own backyards .
According to a 2016 survey conducted by market research firm Mintel , 37 per cent of cooks in the U.K. aged 16 to 34 `` prefer not to handle raw meat when cooking . '' It 's with this research in mind that U.K. supermarket Sainsbury 's announced this month plans to roll out special , `` touch-free '' packaging for raw chicken cutlets aimed at younger customers who do n't want to handle their dinner before they cook it .
According to a Sainsbury 's spokesperson speaking to the Sunday Times , `` Customers , particularly younger ones , are quite scared of touching raw meat . These bags allow people , especially those who are time-poor , to just 'rip and tip ' the meat straight into the frying pan . '' Rip and tip . It does n't sound particularly appetizing , but then again , I 'm not paid to advertise chicken to people who are afraid of it .
Needless to say , not everyone is thrilled with Sainsbury 's announced rollout of touch-free meat technology . On the contrary , many commenters , including permanently vexed broadcaster Piers Morgan , are incensed with a consumer initiative they believe coddles members of the millennial demographic ; a group often referred to by cantankerous people everywhere as `` snowflakes '' ( or occasionally , `` whiny snowflakes '' ) .
One cantankerous individual on Twitter even went so far as to dub this particular case of alleged millennial entitlement `` Snowflake Chicken . '' Morgan meanwhile , had a hissy fit on TV , suggesting raw-meat-averse millennials are `` destroying the planet '' with their `` weak-willed behaviour . ''
Though I do n't count myself among the chicken-scared 37 per cent , I think Morgan is in need of a reminder that 37 per cent does not a majority make . Yes , a lot of millennials in the U.K. have an aversion to touching raw chicken . But so do many other people .
According to the same Mintel survey , 27 per cent of the average population ( U.K. residents of all ages ) expressed an aversion to handling raw meat . In other words , this phobia is not , by any stretch of the imagination , an exclusively millennial problem .
However , if we 're going to play the blame game , I 'd wager the source of raw-meat phobia among younger people is not a `` weak-willed '' nature , as Morgan suggests , but fear-mongering by baby boomer parents who were understandably freaked out by salmonella in the 1980s and '90s . Fear of food infection is by no means a thing of the past ( in fact , more than 200 million eggs were just recalled in the U.S. ) , but boy was it alive and well when millennials were kids .
This was especially true in the U.K . According to a BBC story about food safety from 1998 : `` Salmonella came to prominence when Edwina Currie MP , a junior health minister , said in 1988 that most eggs in Britain were infected with the bacterium . Her comments sparked a public outcry and two weeks later she resigned . But by early 1989 , the House of Commons select committee on agriculture had investigated the issue and concluded there was a link between eggs and salmonella poisoning . ''
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , Jordan Armenise began his sports broadcasting journey with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League . It was in this role where he was able to merge his best attributes : sports knowledge and personality . While with the Ticats , Jordan provided live analysis and interviews while developing a digital portfolio of one-on-one interviews , episodic sports comedy and full length sports & news features . He has also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada , the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director .
Tanks on the lawn !
Staff at Leeds stately home Lotherton Hall have built this incredible military tank using hay bales ahead of the attraction 's Wartime Weekend .
A talented employee created the Panzer-inspired structure using 20 bales , a disused water tank for the turret and a drainpipe for the 88mm main gun .
There is even an effigy of a driver made out of an old boiler suit stuffed with bubble wrap and a polystyrene head with an old helmet and goggles on .
The impressive creation has even featured in wedding photographs taken at the Aberford estate in recent weeks .
The Wartime Weekend at Lotherton takes place from June 17-18 between 11am and 4pm . For tickets go to http : //tickets.tygit.com/tickets/buy-now/attractionId/191/l/1
The BC Wildfire Service discovered a wildfire yesterday 34 kilometres from Kispiox Rd . along Upper Kispiox Rd .
The fire is reportedly 8 hectares in size and is less than 24 hours old .
The suspected cause of the fire is from a person , according to the BC Wildfire Service .
However , it is not a fire of note .
Reports : White House To Withdraw Controversial Nominee For Top Environmental Post
Enlarge this image toggle caption Anthony Behar/Bloomberg via Getty Images Anthony Behar/Bloomberg via Getty Images
According to multiple media outlets , the White House plans to withdraw its controversial nomination of Kathleen Hartnett White to head the Council on Environmental Quality .
The Washington Post first reported the decision to drop Hartnett White 's nomination . Citing anonymous administration officials , the Post says Harnett 's nomination could n't win enough favorable support , `` with some Senate Republicans raising questions about her expertise . ''
Hartnett White has drawn criticism for her comments on climate change . The former Texas regulator has a history of questioning established science that man-made greenhouse gases are a major contributor to climate change .
As the Post noted , when Hartnett White testified before the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , `` she said that while humans probably contribute to current warming , 'the extent to which , I think , is very uncertain . ' ``
Hartnett White suggested in 2014 that fossil fuels helped lead to the end of slavery because they `` dissolved the economic justification '' for it . The next year she wrote that carbon dioxide is `` the gas of life on this planet . ''
`` Hartnett White suggested that climate regulation is a conspiracy pushed by communists , '' Mose Buchele of member station KUT reported in November . He said that she has `` called renewable energy unreliable and parasitic . ''
While promoting a book she co-wrote in 2016 , Fueling Freedom : Exposing the Mad War on Energy , Hartnett White praised fossil fuel energy for doing `` work that we otherwise would have to do [ ourselves ] . ''
Though she worked as a top regulator heading the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality , Jim Marston of the Environmental Defense Fund told Buchele that Hartnett White stands out for an `` unusual '' opposition to regulations .
But Buchele says Hartnett White told him years before that `` she supported regulations , just not at the expense of growth and that industry is actually essential to a healthy environment . ''
The CEQ post is responsible for coordinating across agencies to develop environmental policy . Hartnett White 's nomination expired last year after Democratic opposition stalled her confirmation . Before reports on Saturday that Hartnett White would no longer be considered for the role , Trump re-nominated her last month to restart the process for Senate confirmation .
Have your say
If you 're heading out of Leeds to go home tonight you may end up hitting severe delays on the M1 motorway .
'Very slow traffic ' has hit the M1 southbound between Junction 41 A650 ( Carrgate ) and Junction 40 A638 ( Ossett/Wakefield ) .
The tailbacks could affect drivers leaving Leeds and heading south on the motorway towards Wakefield , Barnsley , Sheffield or beyond .
The news comes as buses are also delayed in Leeds due to a vehicle causing an obstruction .
Keep following for the latest traffic updates .
When pressed , he said that if U.S. radars and other detection and tracking systems determine that a missile was going to fall into the sea , short of Guam , then the matter would be taken to President Donald Trump for a decision on how to respond .
crowds flee as suicide car bomb is detonated in eastern Aleppo
Scan all your shopping without taking it out of t
Theresa May calls for a general election on June
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Horrific drone footage has emerged of crowds fleeing as a car bomb is detonated in eastern Aleppo .
The video , uploaded to Live Leaks , shows the moment a suspected suicide bomber blasts an area on the outskirts of the city .
It comes after a huge car bomb blasted a convoy of coaches carrying evacuees from besieged government-held towns in Syria , killing hundreds .
It shattered coaches and set cars on fire , leaving a trail of bodies including children , as the convoy waited in rebel territory south of Aleppo .
Local news reports claimed the bomber lured people towards him by offering them crisps before setting off the devastating explosion on Saturday .
Some 80 children were among those killed in the shocking atrocity , which nobody has yet claimed responsibility for .
Images from the scene show bodies lying on the ground outside blackened and devastated vehicles .
The `` Four Towns '' deal brokered by Iran and Qatar was meant to relieve suffering in besieged towns - Foah and Kefraya in the north-west which are under government control , and rebel-held Madaya and Zabadani , near Damascus .
( Photo : @ TahrirSy/Twitter )
( Photo : @ TahrirSy/Twitter )
Some 20,000 besieged people would be taken out in all .
Last month , the UN described the situation in the besieged towns as `` catastrophic '' . More than 64,000 civilians are `` trapped in a cycle of daily violence and deprivation '' , it said .
Trump Addresses Iran Nuclear Deal At White House With French President Macron President Trump and French President Macron addressed their differences on the Iran nuclear agreement Tuesday as they took questions from reporters at the White House .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Kym Marsh has defended Coronation Street 's dark storylines after they caused controversy among some fans .
The actress , who plays Michelle Connor in the ITV soap , says she hopes to see more gritty plotlines and more `` psychopath stuff '' .
She also praised the show 's producer Kate Oates for tackling `` challenging '' issues through the characters .
It comes after stories such as David Platt 's rape by mechanic Josh Tucker and builder Pat Phelan 's murder spree were met with some controversy .
But Kym , who 's walked the cobbles for 12 years , is a fan .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : ITV )
She told the Daily Star : `` I really enjoy the recent storylines . They are challenging which is what you want .
`` I 'd actually like more psychopath stuff . I 'd like my character to be one .
`` It would be great being a baddie . Anyway , who wants a happy ending on soaps ? ''
Her comments come after broadcasting watchdog Ofcom ruled that the soap did n't break any guidelines by airing 'violent ' scenes before the 9pm watershed .
Recently , viewers have seen murderous Pat Phelan commit heinous crimes and go to desperate measures to cover them up , Bethany Platt groomed by the leader of a sex ring and raped by multiple men , and her uncle David Platt drugged and raped by new guy on the street , Josh Tucker .
( Image : ITV )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Phelan 's actions gathered 541 complaints to Ofcom , while last Friday 's scenes where David was sexually assaulted were met with 122 complaints from viewers .
However , charity Survivors Manchester , which helps male victims of sex abuse , praised the storyline for bringing light to the issue , saying they 've experienced a 133 per cent rise in calls since the show aired last week .
On last night 's show , sociopath Josh admitted he slipped GHB into David 's pint , but denied raping his supposed friend .
Corrie viewers were sickened as the rapist claimed they `` both wanted it '' despite David clearly attempting to say “ no ” in Friday 's horrific scenes .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
Josh then shockingly tried to turn the tables on David by insinuating he was 'homophobic ' with his 'caveman attitude ' .
David blasted `` twisted '' Josh and revealed he was n't knocked out completely and could `` still feel it '' .
But Josh continued to play mind games and claimed David was `` blowing hot and cold '' then `` trying to rewrite history '' .
`` You were all over me like a rash . Now suddenly you 've gone all caveman , '' said Josh .
Defiant David replied : `` I 'm not gay alright - fact - and saying that does n't make me a caveman . ''
* Coronation Street airs Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Mums and dads who want to quickly nip to the shops children in tow , may be familiar with the frustration of watching as another driver goes into a space only to walk in to the store without any little ones .
We 've all spotted someone doing it - and some of us might admit to doing it ourselves .
I mean , what 's the harm ? The spaces are rarely patrolled ( traffic wardens are powerless to penalise motorists unless they 're parked in a council-owned car park or on the street ) so it is easy for motorists to sneak in and flout the rules .
It is the cause of car park arguments up and down the country - but what exactly is the law about parking in a parent and child space ?
Could this all be about to change ?
Despite measures by various supermarkets and councils to crack down on this behaviour , more drastic action could be in the pipeline .
A £25 on the spot fine has been suggested for those who use the spaces without proper reason , according to the Mirror .
A spokesman for the AA said : `` Some supermarkets already fine drivers who abuse mother and baby parking spaces .
`` The problem is where enforcement is n't done by a human but cameras . There needs to be the presence of a warden to act as a physical deterrent , with the discretion to give a warning .
`` Many people would see the sense in reducing the age limit as 12 year olds should be able to walk across a car park .
`` However , the upper age limit probably reflects the law on use of child restraints – with few exceptions , all children under 12 years and under 135cm tall must use an appropriate child restraint when travelling in any car or goods vehicle . ''
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
There have been calls for an on-the-spot fine of £25 - and a large number of motorists have backed it .
Signs have appeared at various Tesco 's around in and around Bristol warning of a £70 fine for improper use of the spaces and other supermarkets are following suit .
A CHARITY cycling event set up for a girl with a life-limiting disease has had its largest number of entries .
Ross and Nikki Green created the Tour de Berkshire ride after their daughter Tilly was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis .
The inherited disease is caused by a faulty gene , leading to mucus gathering in the lungs and digestive system . There is currently no cure , although there are ways to treat the condition .
Now in its eighth year , the Tour de Berkshire has raised nearly £70,000 for the Cystic Fibrosis Trust .
And on Saturday , 322 riders set off from Cottage Inn , Bucklebury , to take in the rural routes through Yattendon , Hampstead Norreys , Aldworth and Hermitage .
Mr Green said that the number of people who took part was the biggest yet , with the amount of money raised from this year 's event set to be just short of £12,000 .
Mr Green said that the number of people collecting sponsorships was a key factor towards the total , which is set to be the event 's second-best .
“ It 's brilliant , amazing really , ” Mr Green said .
“ It 's very humbling . It 's turned into a bit of a monster .
“ It keeps growing and growing with the people who come out and support us . ”
Tilly took on the ride once again , as did Mr Green 's schoolfriend Steven Woods – in squirrel costume .
Mr Green said that word of the event was spreading , with riders travelling from as far as Colchester and Windsor to take part .
“ There were more children and definitely more families , ” he said .
“ It 's people realising that it 's not a race or serious ride .
“ It 's people willing each other along and it 's a family-friendly ride . ”
Despite Saturday 's chaotic weather , which saw sunshine , lightning and hail , Mr Green said many of the riders enjoyed the challenge , while others took to hiding under bridges to avoid it .
Community fundraisier for the Cystic Fibrosis Trust Claire Milloy said : “ We are so very grateful to Ross and Nikki Green and all of their wonderful team of volunteers who have once again put on a superb event .
“ The day itself was a huge success and despite the typical British weather throwing all of the elements at this year 's participants , everyone looked to have had a fantastic time .
“ With entries having increased from 2016 , many cyclists raising sponsorship and some fantastic donations , it looks to have raised around £12,000 for the Cystic Fibrosis Trust to help us continue in our fight for a life unlimited by cystic fibrosis .
“ We would like to say a huge thank you to absolutely everyone involved in making the Tour de Berkshire 2017 so successful . ”
Visit the Tour de Berkshire Facebook page or www.tourdeberkshire.co.uk for more information and to sign up for next year 's ride on August 4 .
Mo Salah produced one of the all-time great European performances to put Liverpool within touching distance of the Champions ' League final .
But a unlikely , improbable comeback from Roma as they scored two late goals has left the Italians dreaming of another impossible result in the eternal city next week .
Eusebio Di Francesco 's men know that the same stunning 3-0 win they miraculously earned against Barça in the previous round will put them through the final , despite being left out for the count on another amazing Champions ' League night .
If Roma 's fight-back took the gloss over what was until the last 10 minutes one of Liverpool finest-ever European nights , then it should not detract from Salah 's masterpiece .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : Clive Brunskill )
Not content with his one-man assault on the English goal-scoring records , the Egyptian King is not set about world domination after this stunning display posted notice to Messi and Ronaldo he is coming after them .
The forward took his season 's tally to an astonishing 43 goals with two breath-taking first half finishes , and then he proved he is far more than a goal-mouth poacher , with an unselfish vision to gift goals for Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino after the break .
When Firmino added a fifth from a corner with a stunning header , it left hapless Roma out for the count on the Anfield turf , and Liverpool considering an eighth European Cup final .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : PA )
But just as Reds fans were booking their flights to Kiev , events again conspired to leave Liverpool fearing the return leg on Rome next week , as Edin Dzeko pulled one back with a cool finish nine minutes from time .
And then referee Felix Brych – no stranger to controversy , gave another hugely debatable decision when he awarded a penalty for handball against James Milner with five minutes remaining .
It was harsh in the extreme with the ball seeming to strike the midfielder from close range , but sub Diego Perotti 's finish from the spot gives Roma something to fight for in the second leg .
Salah though , will be confident of scoring again in Rome to finish the job , as his former team-mates looked fearful of his every move , after a world class display .
All the action , as it happened , below ...
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
ADULT patients attending Coffs Harbour Health Campus gave a strong vote of support for their general hospital care but were less impressed by the emergency department .
Patient feedback information released by the Bureau of Health Information ( BHI ) shows while 72 per cent of adult patients rated their hospital care was very good , just 47 per cent said when needed they were able to get emergency assistance within a reasonable time frame .
Once attended to , 58 per cent then rated their emergency care as very good .
The Healthcare Quarterly report surveyed June to September this year .
In Coffs Harbour it revealed 69 per cent of patients spent four hours or less in emergency while 17 minutes was the median waiting time prior to treatment .
For patients arriving by ambulance , 89 per cent were transferred into the care of emergency department staff within 30 minutes .
The most positive outcome was 96 per cent of patients received elective surgery on time and 52 days was the median time in semi urgent cases .
The report shows more than 720,000 patients presented to a NSW public hospital emergency department , the highest number ever recorded by BHI , and 9.4 per cent higher than the same quarter last year .
Acting chief executive Dr Kim Sutherland said the increase in emergency department activity across the state was evident during one of the worst flu seasons experienced in recent years .
`` Winter is typically the busiest quarter for NSW public hospitals but this winter season was particularly busy , '' she said .
`` While the report shows decreases of between three and four percentage points in emergency department timeliness measures , there were increases of between nine and 10 per cent in the number of patients presenting to and arriving by ambulance at emergency departments . ''
The data including local hospital information is available at bhi.nsw.gov.au
Justin Bieber was `` very supportive '' of Selena Gomez 's decision to seek treatment for depression and anxiety .
Selena recently completed two weeks of in-patient treatment at a facility in New York and friends say Justin , 23 , who she reconciled with last year , was happy she made the decision to look after her mental health .
A source told PEOPLE : `` Justin and Selena are doing great .
`` Their relationship is very special . They have both changed , their lives are so different and it really seems things could work out great this time . Justin saw that he needed to change , reached out for help and is doing very well . ''
`` The same [ goes ] for Selena -- the second she does n't feel well , she seeks help . They have both hugely matured . Justin is very supportive of Selena feeling her best .
`` They are happy to be back together in LA now and Selena seems very happy . ''
It was recently revealed that Selena , 25 , is feeling `` very empowered '' she had therapy , ate healthily and enjoyed Pilates and meditation during her time in treatment .
A source said : `` She felt like she needed to get away and focus on herself with no distractions . She came back feeling very empowered . She wants to go again later this year . She feels and looks great . She 's still working on new music and is excited about it . After all the noise that happened over the holidays , she felt like she needed this . ''
Selena previously revealed she is constantly trying to reinvent herself and feels the need to `` grow '' and get stronger all the time .
She shared : `` I 'm constantly somebody that likes to grow and feel like , 'All right , what can I be better at , what could I do better at , where could my confidence be stronger ? ' I 'm 25 , so I feel like I 'm going to change a lot and enjoy that .
' I am willing to presume good faith ' on the part of government , says Associate Justice Lucas Bersamin
Published 8:59 PM , June 13 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Just `` trust the good judgment of the President , '' Supreme Court ( SC ) Associate Justice Lucas Bersamin said during oral arguments on Tuesday , June 13 , if petitioners are unable to produce proof showing there is insufficient basis to declare martial law .
`` I believe that the proclamation may be sufficient , '' Bersamin said , adding that he is willing to presume good faith and regularity on the part of government in the absence of evidence indicating otherwise .
During his interpellation of lawyer Ephraim Cortez during Day 1 of oral arguments on President Rodrigo Duterte 's declaration of martial law in Mindanao , Bersamin emphasized that the burden of proof of showing the proclamation is invalid falls on the petitioners .
`` Make an argument on the burden of proof , '' Bersamin told Cortez , `` because this is a big thing for me . '' He grilled Cortez , asking him what standard of proof the High Court should impose – is it the magnitude of killing , damage to property , magnitude of violence , or the number of bodies ?
`` What do we need to review ? You are not providing us material to review , '' Bersamin told Cortez , who maintained that because of the SC 's constitutional power to review the basis of martial law , it can compel even Duterte to provide the necessary information .
`` I can not compel the President , you know that very well , '' Bersamin retorted .
Bersamin got Cortez to agree that in the absence of a clear standard , the determination of whether there is sufficient basis for the declaration of martial law is up to the good judgment of the High Court .
Bersamin followed with : `` You leave that to the good judgment of the court , as you would leave the proclamation of martial law to the good judgment of the President . '' ( READ : SC 's Del Castillo : Is n't Marawi siege act of rebellion ? )
'Passive institution '
`` You do n't tell us the facts you want to be put [ in Duterte 's martial law report to Congress ] . You know this is a passive institution , we can not go out like the NBI ( National Bureau of Investigation ) or the police to gather the facts . We are not in that business , '' Bersamin said .
Cortez , however , said : `` Our basis is to dispute the facts upon which the declaration is based . As a general rule , we are not duty-bound to prove our negative allegation and it is up to the government to prove the basis of the declaration of martial law . ''
Associate Justice Presbitero Velasco echoed Bersamin 's line of thinking in his own interpellation of lawyer Marlon Manuel , who is representing the Marawi group of petitioners .
`` There 's no attachment at all in your petition of any document that would tell the Court that there 's probably no truth to the statements in the proclamation . You have only made a very bare assertion that there is no sufficient or actual basis , and this , to me , is not proof at all , '' Velasco said .
Manuel replied that what they are alleging in their petition is the `` non-existence of factual basis , '' so they will be unable to present documents to prove that .
Velasco pounded on Manuel , asking whether they exerted effort to verify the truth in the facts cited in Duterte 's martial law report .
`` Only to the extent we can , '' Manuel said , explaining that the petitioners have been at the receiving end of the proclamation .
When Velasco asked again if they verified facts , Manuel said that as residents of Marawi City , they had to evacuate to Iligan City after the crisis . ( READ : Nullify martial law ? Your guide to the SC oral arguments )
Checks and balances
In an interview after the oral arguments , Manuel said the SC should have the power to find the evidence or at least compel evidence from the relevant government agencies , precisely because they were given the constitutional power to review factual basis for the proclamation .
`` The SC should have their own procedure . If the Court requires the presence of the Secretary of Defense , they can do that , because they have been impleaded , they can be summoned anytime , '' Manuel said .
`` The 1987 Constitution , precisely may check and balances mechanism na nilagay kasi sa karanasan natin hindi mapagkakatiwalaan ang presidente noon na naglagay sa Pilipinas sa mahabang panahon ng martial law , kaya nagkaroon sa Constitution ng maraming layers ng review mechanisms , '' he added .
( The 1987 Constitution has a checks-and-balances mechanism precisely because of our experience where we could not trust the president then , who put the Philippines under martial law for a long time , that 's why the Constitution has many layers of review mechanisms . )
Nevertheless , Velasco still asked the petitioners to submit to the SC documents which will support at least their allegations that some of the statements in Duterte 's martial law report are false .
Hearsay evidence
The main basis of the petitions in refuting some of the claims in the report – such as the denied takeover of the Amai Pakpak Medical Center – are fact-check reports from news outfits .
Solicitor General Jose Calida had said in his consolidated comment , however , that news reports are inadmissible evidence because they are hearsay .
Asked how he thinks the petitioners fared on Day 1 of the oral arguments , Calida said : `` I 've seen better days . ''
Calida is also set to argue before the High Court that the petitions suffer from `` fatal procedural defects '' that warrant their outright dismissals .
One of these technical loopholes , the Solicitor General said , is the absence of a Mandatory Continuing Legal Education ( MCLE ) number from one of the petitioners ' lawyers , constitutionalist Christian Monsod .
But Manuel said : `` This is a very important issue of public national interest , I do n't think the SC will look at technicalities . '' – Rappler.com
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
SEATTLE — California coach Justin Wilcox is on his own little reunion tour through the Pac-12 Conference .
Seeing old faces is the least of Wilcox 's concerns at this point , with California having lost two straight and facing another major challenge on Saturday at No . 6 Washington .
Last week , Wilcox returned to his alma mater Oregon and watched the Ducks hand the Golden Bears a 45-24 setback . Now it 's a trip north to Seattle and a matchup with his former employer — in multiple ways . Wilcox served as the defensive co-ordinator for Washington coach Chris Petersen for four seasons at Boise State . Wilcox was also the defensive co-ordinator at Washington for two years when Steve Sarkisian was the head coach .
`` I just think he 's a good football coach , '' Petersen said of Wilcox . `` I 've known that for a long time , whether he 's running the defence or a whole team . He knows how to coach the guys , get them going . ''
Petersen and Wilcox were brief in their comments about each other this week . They 're dealing with their own team issues .
Washington ( 5-0 , 2-0 Pac-12 ) would like to end a string of sluggish starts . A year ago , Washington dominated most of its opponents early and cruised to victories . This year has been more of a struggle in the first half , highlighted by holding just a 7-0 lead at halftime last week at lowly Oregon State . The Huskies erupted for 35-point second half against the Beavers , but the slow starts are a concern for Petersen .
`` We 're going to address it . We 'll talk to our guys , '' Petersen said . `` How do you fix the turnover situation when it 's not going in your favour ? It 's the same thing — you practice on it , move things up in practice and get it going a little bit more . It 's not because they are not trying , so you 're always trying to be creative as coaches to fix every single problem that you have . ''
California ( 3-2 , 0-2 ) opened with three straight wins , but the Bears have since lost to Southern California and Oregon .
`` We 've got to execute more consistently . We 've played well in spurts , '' Wilcox said . `` We just have to play better . It 's a matter of doing the same thing over and over and over and executing at a high level more than sometimes . ''
Here 's what else to watch as the Bears and Huskies meet for the 98th time :
OTTAWA — Canada 's national unemployment rate was 6.2 per cent in September . Here are the jobless rates last month by province ( previous month in brackets ) :
— Newfoundland and Labrador 15.1 per cent ( 14.7 )
— Prince Edward Island 9.5 ( 8.8 )
— Nova Scotia 9.0 ( 8.9 )
TALLAHASSEE , Fla. — Cierra Dillard scored 22 points and 11th-seeded Buffalo shocked No . 3 seed Florida State 86-65 on Monday night to advance to the Sweet 16 of the women 's NCAA Tournament for the first time in school history .
The Bulls , who were one of the last four to earn an at-large berth in the 64-team field , shot 47.4 per cent from the field and went 24 of 26 from the foul line . They also held the Seminoles to 3 of 25 on 3-pointers and 33.8 per cent from the field .
Buffalo ( 29-5 ) wo n't have far to go for the regional semifinal as it will face defending champion and second-seeded South Carolina on Saturday in Albany , New York .
It is the first time that in eight games that Florida State ( 26-7 ) has dropped an NCAA Tournament contest when it has been the host .
Buffalo seized control late in the first half . The game was tied at 28 with 2:05 remaining when the Bulls closed the half with a 10-2 run , including eight straight points by Dillard , to take a 39-30 lead at halftime .
The Bulls would then extend the lead to 14 with a 7-2 run to start the third quarter . They would lead by as many as 14 early in the fourth quarter .
Stephanie Reid scored 18 points and Summer Hemphill added 17 for Buffalo , which is unbeaten this season the 25 games it has led at halftime .
Shakayla Thomas led Florida State with 25 points in her final game and Nausia Woolfolk added 12 .
BIG PICTURE
Buffalo : Two days after getting their first NCAA Tournament win over South Florida , the Bulls are the first MAC team since Bowling Green in 2007 to advance to the Sweet 16 . They were joined moments later by MAC rival Central Michigan which knocked off Ohio State also as an 11-seed .
It is effectively down to three in the Democratic race for governor , based on the most recent polls.JB Pritzker , Chris Kennedy and Daniel Biss were busy crisscrossing the state in the hunt for every possible vote in the 25 hours before the polls close.Kennedy rallied with other Democratic candidates at a Get Out the Vote event in Pilsen , after several earlier stops downstate and in Western Illinois.Pritzker was also making the rounds , starting in Rockford and working his way down to Springfield later Monday evening.Biss focused his election eve efforts in Chicago.The last-minute campaign push comes as the latest poll shows Pritzker leading with 32 percent to Kennedy 's 26 percent , with Biss just behind at 22 percent . `` Well , we feel like we 're really moving in the right direction . We feel like that although most thought we had no chance against the billionaires , we 're right there in this race with a lot of undecideds and a tremendous number of volunteers , so I feel confident about what 's going to happen tomorrow , '' Biss said.The same poll showed 16 percent of voters are undecided.It also revealed another interesting element that could be of great concern to Pritzker : 28 percent of his supporters said they could change their minds . But he did not seem worried Monday . `` They key letters to remember today are GOTV , get out the vote , and that 's what we 're doing , just making sure that the people who 've committed to vote for us and are excited about this campaign get to the polls and vote , '' he said.Kennedy , meanwhile , remained optimistic as he focused on getting out the vote as well . `` The incredible thing is that there 's so much money spent in this election , $ 70 million for one candidate , and the more they learn about him the less they like him and that 's an incredible event in American history , the idea that so many people are undecided , '' he said.Kennedy encouraged supporters to fight on every street and county until the end . It 's a theme shared by all the campaigns , who do n't want to take any vote for granted.Tuesday the effort shifts from getting voters to make up their minds to getting them to actually go to the polls .
Gina Haspel Used To Work For Me . She 's A Great Choice For CIA Director
Enlarge this image toggle caption Carolyn Kaster/AP Carolyn Kaster/AP
I supervised Gina Haspel when I worked at the Central Intelligence Agency . I found her to be smart , tough and effective . Foreign liaison services who 've worked with her uniformly walked away impressed . Out of all of the chaos coming out of the White House these days , the one bit of promising news is the nomination of Haspel as the new CIA director .
Confessing to a certain bias , Haspel 's long tenure overseas I hope will give the Trump administration an experienced , pragmatic view of the world it increasingly thinks it can do without . Locating , say , Kandahar , Afghanistan , on a map may sound like a low bar , but these days it 's enough to qualify you as an expert .
Equally important , with all the rampant partisanship in Washington , D.C. , Haspel 's political neutrality and fact-based intellect will , I hope , put a brake on President Trump 's worst impulses . Not having the time for conspiracy theories and alt-right drivel may be another low bar , but there you have it .
In the interest of the CIA Haspel is a fortunate choice because , for too long , the CIA has been run by amateurs and political operatives who spend their time figuring out how the agency works . With Haspel 's 33 years in the CIA , both in the field and back at Langley , there 's going to be no catch-up ball . Nor are the bureaucratic rank and file going to pull the wool over her eyes .
Another thing Haspel 's nomination has going for it is that she gets along with Trump . I 've worked under directors who the president did n't trust , and even some who were n't welcome at the White House . Both cases were demoralizing for agency employees .
Secondly , Haspel also clearly gets along with Pompeo . A good working relationship with the secretary of state is vital for the success of a CIA director .
With every silver cloud , of course , there 's the inevitable lead lining . For Haspel , it 's her involvement with the CIA rendition , detention and interrogation program . I do not know what Haspel truly thought or thinks about torture today , or even whether she , like me , believes it does n't work . She will be asked these questions when she testifies before Congress . But what her critics and Congress must accept is that the CIA operates under American law . `` Enhanced interrogations '' were not a rogue CIA program .
What the far left and right ca n't absorb is that the CIA follows political direction from the White House and the Hill . But more to the point concerning `` enhanced interrogation , '' the CIA takes its legal guidance from the courts , the Department of Justice and Congress . Like the police , an individual CIA officer does not get to decide what is legal and what is n't , let alone come up with a personal interpretation of whether an interrogation violates the United Nations Convention against Torture or not .
Haspel was not the architect of the CIA 's `` enhanced interrogations . '' This program was parachuted onto the CIA 's Directorate of Operations , made all the more ambiguous because it occurred in the panic of the opening days of the `` war on terror . '' Agreed , Haspel could have resigned and found an avenue of protest . But it seems to me that the real protesting should have been done in the halls of Congress and the Department of Justice . In any event , her experience in intelligence and ability to moderate the president 's worst instincts outweigh these failures .
It very well may be too late , but my hope is that Haspel will talk Trump out of potential foreign policy disasters . And , trust me , the list is too long to cover it here . But let me start with what keeps me up at night .
Both Trump and his pick for secretary of state , Pompeo , have called for the Iran nuclear deal to be ripped up . They do n't seem to understand that pulling out of that agreement , and confronting Iran militarily as some hawks propose , would more than likely lead to a war more catastrophic than our disastrous invasion of Iraq . Maybe Haspel will be able to convince the president that a general war in the Middle East would look more like the plague than a war .
Then there 's Russia . With the attempt on the life of a former Russian intelligence officer in Britain and President Vladimir Putin 's recent crowing about new missile technology , it is impossible not to grasp that we are in a new Cold War , which promises to make its predecessor look calm . I hope Haspel will overcome Trump 's belief he can make a deal with Putin over a hamburger and a Coke .
As for the Gulf , Haspel knows the region well — and knows what a mare 's nest of squabbling tribes and families it is . Taking sides with Saudi Arabia over Qatar is like — to put it in California street gang parlance — siding with the Crips over the Bloods . Letting the Trump family traipse through the Gulf making business deals with sheikhs will get this county into entanglements we 'll never get out of .
Last but not least , there 's North Korea . A pre-emptive strike is the druthers of the alt-right , and especially former UN Ambassador John Bolton . If , as widely speculated , Bolton replaces current national security adviser H.R . McMaster , will Haspel be able to overcome Bolton 's advice ? I can only hope so .
It takes a rare CIA director who can sway a president who 's already made up his own mind about foreign policy . I know this is all starting to sound Pollyannaish , but we should all hope Haspel becomes a Trump whisper . Who knows , she may talk him out of going back down the path of `` enhanced interrogation . ''
Robert Baer ( @ RobertBaer ) served as a CIA case officer mostly in the Middle East . He currently is an author and CNN contributor .
Zverev digs deep to see off Lajovic challenge
Second seed Alexander Zverev had to dig deep to oust Dusan Lajovic and earn a third-round spot at the French Open on Wednesday .
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018 , 21:58 IST 31 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
French Open second seed Alexander Zverev
Alexander Zverev was far from his best at the French Open on Wednesday but was still able to battle past Dusan Lajovic in a five-set thriller .
Zverev has been one of the in-form players on clay this year with 17 wins and two titles to his name on the red dirt – including victory over Dominic Thiem at the Madrid Open .
He eased past Ricardas Berankis in the opening round in Paris but Lajovic proved a much tougher test , Zverev eventually progressing 2-6 7-5 4-6 6-1 6-2 .
A relieved Zverev will play Damir Dzumhur in round three as he looks to go further than ever before at Roland Garros – although he can ill afford the mistakes that delayed his latest victory .
Zverev was out of sorts early on and the energetic Lajovic took full advantage , the Serbian mixing up his game to comfortably take the opening set .
Lajovic 's kick serve was particularly problematic for the second seed , Zverev rooted to the baseline and firing wide all too often .
Survive + Advance
Alexander Zverev wins nearly three and a half hour battle against Dusan Lajovic 2-6 7-5 4-6 6-1 6-2 to book his spot in the 3R . # RG18 pic.twitter.com/U5R39CZg3x — Roland-Garros ( @ rolandgarros ) May 30 , 2018
A long backhand early in the second set gave Lajovic another opening and led to Zverev needing a new racket – his previous one destroyed by the frustrated German .
However , the 21-year-old regained his composure and was soon level . A missed opportunity in the eighth game could have proved costly but when Lajovic twice went long the match was tied up .
A topsy-turvy but highly entertaining contest swung back in Lajovic 's favour in the third with the crucial break coming as his high-intensity game forced further mistakes from his opponent .
Lajovic converted the second of his three set points to move back in front following a superb service game , only for Zverev to dig deep once again .
As Zverev upped his levels , Lajovic 's earlier efforts began to take their toll , the Serbian looking weary as his younger opponent needed only 35 minutes to set up a decider .
A tired Lajovic was unable to recover and that allowed Zverev to come to the fore , the world number three 's quality finally shining through as he completed a gutsy victory with a service game to love .
STATISTICAL BREAKDOWN
Zverev [ 2 ] bt Lajovic 2-6 7-5 4-6 6-1 6-2
WINNERS/UNFORCED ERRORS
Zverev – 42/53
Lajovic – 38/61
ACES/DOUBLE FAULTS
Zverev – 9/7
Lajovic – 0/4
BREAK POINTS WON
Zverev – 7/23
Lajovic – 5/10
FIRST SERVE PERCENTAGE
Zverev – 57
Lajovic – 57
PERCENTAGE OF POINTS WON ON FIRST/SECOND SERVE
Zverev – 77/46
Lajovic – 67/43
TOTAL POINTS
Zverev – 156
Lajovic – 141
'Godless ' Creator Says He Wanted To Embrace Every Single Western Cliché
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ursula Coyote/Courtesty of Netflix Ursula Coyote/Courtesty of Netflix
Screenwriter Scott Frank has written movies in a all kind of genres , including crime noir ( Get Shorty ) , thriller ( Malice ) and action/adventure ( The Wolverine ) . But despite his extensive list of credits , he always felt there was one genre missing .
`` I wanted to write a Western at some point in my career , '' he says . `` I kept putting it off and putting it off , because they were very difficult economically to make in Hollywood . ''
Now , he finally has a Western on his résumé . Godless , which Frank wrote and directed , is a seven-part Netflix miniseries set in the 1880s New Mexico . It takes place in a small town that is run by women because most of the men have died in a mining accident .
Frank says he went into the project determined to have fun and to embrace `` every single cliché '' he could think of . `` From the breaking of horses to train robberies to the two guys facing each other in the street — all of that stuff . Why not find a way to put them all in here and see if I ca n't do it some sort of different way ? ''
Interview Highlights
On the real historical accounts that inspired Godless and its characters
Mimi [ Munson ] has been my researcher for the last 17 years . And I told Mimi , `` I 'm thinking about writing a Western . I do n't know what it 's about . '' ... She said she had been doing a little research about mining towns in the Southwest . ... She said that all throughout the Southwest , there were several towns ... where all the men would die in a single day in an accident and the women would be left behind , stranded . They would either leave or they would try and make a go of it . All of a sudden , I had part of my movie . ... ( It was not going to be a series back then ; it was just going to be a film . ) ...
She [ also ] went to the university research library at UCLA and collected all these letters . They would n't let her Xerox them , so she actually had to hand copy all of these letters — about 100 of them . A lot of them were oral histories , in effect , written by these women . And it was spectacular for me because I not only got ideas for characters — like the prostitute who 's the richest woman in town , for example — but I also got to hear how people spoke , which was hugely important to me , because I did n't want to write a lot of , `` I reckon I 'll rustle up a bunch of grub '' -type stuff .
On deciding to open the miniseries with a very violent massacre
Even during shooting that sequence , I would joke between setups , or after certain takes , I would say , `` And the sound you now hear is the sound of a million television sets all turning off . '' Because I knew that we were playing with fire , and I knew it was humming a very specific key that is n't necessarily the entire show .
But from a storytelling standpoint , I felt it was the exact right way to open because you want to know that 's hanging over all of the proceedings . ... The trick was to not sort of marinate in it for too long and to have it play more like an introductory grace note .
On learning to write Western dialogue
The fun thing about dialogue is when you can make it so singular , when you realize , `` Oh , that 's really a person . That person is talking in a way that other people are n't talking , and yet it does n't feel self-conscious . '' ...
Western dialogue is really tricky . I was very worried about catching the ear and figuring out how to write it . So I read tons of Western novels where they had great dialogue to see how they did it . ... I was really looking for telling phrases — phrases that described things that I had n't heard before — that I could use . ... How people talked about horses , `` tireless , '' `` sure-footed '' and `` mean , '' you know ? I had never heard anyone describe a horse that way . ...
Studying other authors to see how they were specific and deciding how we were going to be specific in this story , and sort of learning , catching it and then making it your own .
On filming in New Mexico
We shot all over the place . We shot on reservations ; we shot in national parks ; we shot in a ski resort at one point . We were shooting all over the state , everywhere . ... Wherever you look , it 's beautiful , and the sky is like ... their ocean . ... No matter when you look up , it 's always changing , which is both good and bad for when you 're shooting . But it 's always beautiful . ...
The trick is shooting in places that no one has shot before , that not everyone has shot in . We would go scouting and we 'd hear , `` Yeah , Magnificent Seven shot here , '' and , `` True Grit shot here . '' And you 'd look at the buildings , or the background and you 'd go , `` Oh , I remember that . I 've seen that . '' ... What you 're really looking for as a filmmaker is something that people have n't seen before , and something that seems different .
Lauren Krenzel and Heidi Saman produced and edited this interview for broadcast . Bridget Bentz , Molly Seavy-Nesper and Nicole Cohen adapted it for the Web .
Parliament is determined to hold a full inquiry into how the home affairs department granted the controversial Gupta South African citizenship - MPs just are n't sure when it will take place .
In a statement issued on Wednesday evening‚ the portfolio committee on home affairs said it had resolved earlier to make a final decision on the need to undertake a full inquiry “ later in the year ” ‚ most likely in August or soon after .
The committee had expected to make a decision on Wednesday‚ the statement said‚ but was told that the parliamentary legal services needed more time to gather further information that would guide the decision to hold the inquiry .
Andre Iguodala out for Golden State in Game 1 of NBA Finals
Andre Iguodala out for Golden State in Game 1 of NBA Finals
Associated Press NEWS News 31 May 2018 , 06:54 IST 26 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) — Golden State forward Andre Iguodala will miss Game 1 of the NBA Finals as he recovers from a bone bruise in his left knee that cost him the last four games of the Western Conference finals .
Iguodala 's absence is a huge blow to the Warriors ' defense as it works to stop LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers . Golden State coach Steve Kerr said several players will be called upon Thursday to handle the load that is James , making his eighth straight finals appearance .
`` He was MVP of the series in 2015 , largely because he took that role on of guarding LeBron . But also because of what he did offensively , '' Kerr said . `` He 's doing a little bit better today . Some encouraging signs , but we have ruled him out for Game 1 . We 've got lots of guys who can take on that job . It 's a group effort , anyway , guarding LeBron . So , KD ( Kevin Durant ) , Draymond ( Green ) , Klay ( Thompson ) , Shaun Livingston , they 'll all see time on him . ''
The Warriors said Iguodala , who was injured in Game 3 against the Rockets on May 20 , was evaluated Tuesday and is making progress but still has the bruise and inflammation of the nerve surrounding his knee . Kerr has said Iguodala would n't play until he can run without pain . He will be re-evaluated ahead of Sunday 's Game 2 .
Iguodala said he does n't have any doubts he will be able to return during the finals , though his patience is tested . He has sought multiple opinions for the injury .
`` Just trying to figure out how to move in general , '' Iguodala said . `` But making some progress . Slower than we expected but we 're just being realistic . ''
Kevon Looney has been starting in Iguodala 's place .
Looney planned to talk to Iguodala about the task of guarding James .
`` I 'll pick his brain about some things ... some tendencies of LeBron , the fact of the switches or small things like that to help me out , '' Looney said . `` He 's one of the best defenders in the league . ''
That 's why everybody on the Warriors realizes it will be a joint effort guarding James .
`` What he brings to us on the defensive end will definitely be missed , '' Green said . `` But it just means other guys have got to step up . Other guys have done that thus far . The task gets even harder but I know guys will and it will be a collective effort in hopes that we keep trekking along until he 's ready to come back . ''
Forward Kevin Love 's status for Cleveland remained unclear as he continues to go through the NBA 's concussion protocol . Love was injured in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference finals against Boston that the Cavs pulled out in seven . He was n't scheduled to attend media day Wednesday at Oracle Arena , where the Warriors host the series opener in the fourth straight finals meeting between the rivals .
`` He 's going to go do some things today and see how he feels , '' Cavs coach Tyronn Lue said . `` But he is in the protocol still , so we 'll see how he feels . ''
Both teams practiced Wednesday on Golden State 's home floor , where the defending champions have won 17 of their last 18 postseason games .
James certainly understands what the Warriors are missing without Iguodala 's presence and athleticism .
`` First of all he has very , very quick hands , '' James said . `` That does n't get talked about a lot , his ability to read and react to the ball either in flight or while you 're dribbling or when you pick the ball up . ''
As Delaware , like the rest of the nation , country , struggles with a shortage of doctors in a handful of specialties , finding the right specialist doctor for you can be difficult — and tiring . Meredith Newman , News Journal
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Bristol Post and BBC Radio Bristol have hosted their annual evening of festive cheer at the city 's iconic concert venue .
A packed-out Colston Hall was treated to performances from singer Alexandra Denman , Bristol Cathedral Choir School Chamber Choir , the Gert Lush Choir and the Bristol MAN Chorus as the audience got in the mood for Christmas on Monday , December 11 .
The singers were accompanied by Bold Brass and organist Eric Tyson under the direction of Sam Burns .
All proceeds from the charity event have been donated to The Lord Mayor of Bristol 's Children Appeal , which provides seasonal food and gifts for the city 's poorest children .
The event was co-hosted by BBC Radio Bristol breakfast presenter Emma Britton , with Christmas readings performed by fellow presenters Ali Vowles , Geoff Twentyman , John Darvall , Steve Yabsley , Laura Rawlings , Claire Cavanagh and Richard Lewis .
Ali tweeted after the event : “ Lovely festive night with @ bbcrb and @ BristolPost for our joint Xmas carol concert . What an end to the show ! ! Great audience and fab singers and musicians . ”
Dig Deeper – In Central European Time
Alien Agency
For Dig Deeper ‘ s third long-player , leader Einar Kaupang has chosen to cast a light on the plight of refugees as seen from the perspective of a Norwegian citizen ; one who is discontented with the inhumane attitudes and “ close the border ” mentalities of that government , and the knock on effect they will have on those poor souls attempting to improve their plight .
This is their third album in the last five years , and is a continuation of the themes explored on this year 's Stars Tonight EP . The frustrations of living in a privileged society and looking around and seeing the misfortunes befalling those unlucky enough to have been born into trouble has clearly affected the way Einar writes his songs and changed his perspective .
a sense of slight disturbance in the background and the sound of travel in the distance
Thankfully , they play the kind of drawn-out , Americana-influenced guitar rock that lends itself perfectly to a long , story-based narrative . They come from a similar direction toand ply that kind of desert soundscape that whispers in your ear and whistles down empty boulevards and through sandblasted canyons . Opener “ How Can I Be Certain ” drifts with a restless quality , it wants to settle down into a groove but it just is unable to do so . There is
It shares that sense of travel with some of the War On Drugs tracks , but this is less about personal introspection and more about highlighting a traveller 's lack of a sense of belonging . The refrain “ Will anyone know I was here ? ” and the haunting line “ How can I be certain I will meet you in the afterlife ? ” give an indication of the sort of soul-searching that the band are experiencing and the frustrations they are trying to highlight to the listening public .
you feel him wringing his hands with the despair of the situation
There are only six tracks on this album , but the running time is around forty-three minutes , so each track has plenty of opportunity to stretch out and on “ Stars Tonight ” , they channel their innera little . The vocals have a touch of thatwavering quality and the guitar work is gritty and roadworn . When Einar delivers the line “ …turn a blind eye on human rights ” in that slightly angry , inquisitive tone ,
There is more of a country feel to “ Do n't ask too much ” , and this is a classic country tale of two people spending time together , one of whom clearly has a past they have no desire to discuss . There is pedal steel breaking your heart softly in the background as the song crawls at a melancholy pace , and where guitar solos are introduced , it is with such a subtle touch that they convey as much emotion and create as much a part of the overall image as the words .
guitars are frazzled and firey , a sitar is sitting in , setting a counterpoint
“ The Ticket ” is a short number which is particularly memorable for the couplet “ Winter is leaning in , but I 'm not getting off before I see Spring. ” I love that image of somebody finally gaining a ticket to the promised land , leaving a cold winterscape and knowing that somewhere ahead lies warmth for the soul , but on closer “ Sky Brown Sky ” is where the anger seems to really take hold . The lyrics are obscured with reverb , but the almost transatlantic-like groove of the song seems to allow all the band members to throw their frustrations into the mix . The , trying to inject some sort of Eastern philosophy into the Western maelstrom , the vocals hunt you down like Alan Vega as the rhythm section pushes on an on into the unknown future , taking you with it whether you like it or not .
This is a really strong set of songs and of great emotional depth . Whether the Norwegian government are listening , who is to know — but I think we all should . Einar and the band make good observations and couch them in some lovely musical clothing . It is from the heart and we should definitely thank them for that .
-Mr Olivetti-
> Print this page
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
BOSTON ( AP ) — Danica Patrick says she `` had a moment '' when she lost her temper at a booing fan after qualifying for last week 's NASCAR race at Pocono Raceway .
She says she knows the smarter thing to do would have been to `` just keep walking . ''
`` But every now and again they just catch you in a moment , and I had a moment , '' Patrick says .
In a video that went viral , Patrick stormed over to the fan and said : `` I 'm a person , too . I have feelings . When you boo me , it hurts my feelings . ''
The 35-year-old driver said during a promotional tour of Boston on Wednesday that she decided not to sign autographs for a fan at the Long Pond track who had gone through a security cordon .
She says she `` did n't feel it was right to honor that person for disrespecting the security guard . ''
The RBI came out with these guidelines after a recent $ 2 billion fraud at state-run PNB revealed several lapses in the auditing process in banks . Photo : Mint
Mumbai : Reserve Bank of India on Wednesday tightened rules on banks ' statutory auditors saying it reserved the right to not approve appointments of such auditors for a specified period if their audit quality was not found satisfactory .
The RBI said it will take action against statutory auditors of banks in case of any lapses in their auditing process including instances such as misstatement of a bank 's financial statement or wrong information in audit report .
The banking regulator came out with these guidelines after a recent $ 2 billion fraud at state-run Punjab National Bank ( PNB ) revealed several lapses in the auditing process in banks .
“ The framework would cover , inter alia , instances of divergence identified in asset classification and provisioning during the RBI inspection vis-à-vis the audited financial statements of banks , ” said RBI in a statement .
Trapped Thai Boys Appear In Good Spirits In New Video From Cave
Enlarge this image toggle caption Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page/AP Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page/AP
The 12 Thai boys and their soccer coach trapped in a complex cave system in Chiang Rai have captured global attention since they disappeared and were found by British divers on Monday , nine days after they 'd gone missing .
Now , attention has shifted to the next extraordinary challenge : How can they be evacuated safely from the spot where they are trapped , deep in the flooded cave ?
The team is more than a mile from the entrance to the cave , crowded together and perched on a ledge near a flooded area where the only light shines from their flashlights . A map from the BBC provides a stark picture of their position in the the complicated , water-logged cave . There 's a portion that is so steep it requires `` full climbing gear , '' and in another part , the water-filled passage is too narrow for a swimmer to wear a scuba tank .
The boys appear to be in good spirits in a new video released on the Facebook page of Thai Navy SEAL .
Lit by flashlights , the video shows many of the team members wrapped in silver emergency blankets . They look thin but are being supplied with protein drinks , The Associated Press reported , and appear to have more energy than when they were first found .
They 're with a Thai military medic and introduce themselves one by one — at one point , bursting into laughter as a group . They say they are healthy .
Another video from inside the cave shows a medic treating scratches on one of the boy 's feet . The camera pans to the other boys , who flash smiles .
Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha said Wednesday there are only two options right now , the Bangkok Post reports : finding new shafts that could lead out of the cave or having the boys scuba dive out through the flooded cave passageways .
And since no alternative route has been found at this point , Thai officials said they are giving the boys a crash course to prepare them for a possible journey . `` Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive , '' Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan said , according to Reuters .
toggle caption Sakchai Lalit/AP
Many , if not all , of the boys reportedly do not know how to swim .
`` The water is very strong and space is narrow . Extracting the children takes a lot of people , '' the deputy prime minister told reporters .
According to The Guardian , Thai authorities are working to procure scuba gear `` specially fitted for children . '' They 're also working out how the boys should best be supplied with oxygen during their dives , the newspaper reports — including planning areas that could re-supply oxygen in the winding passages of the cave .
There are clearly huge challenges inherent in this plan . `` These are really , really small spaces that these [ rescuers ] had to get to , to get to the kids in the first place . And you have to worry about these kids freaking out a little bit , '' journalist Michael Sullivan tells Here & Now from Chiang Rai . The water inside the cave also has very low visibility because of sediment .
Rescuers have managed to lay diving lines between the boys and the cave entrance , as NPR 's Colin Dwyer reported . `` Those lines are now helping the boys get essential food and medical supplies — and soon , they may be relied upon to get them out entirely . ''
They 're also trying to place a phone line through the cave that would allow the boys to speak to their families , the BBC reported , though they have n't succeeded yet .
Rescue efforts could be complicated by the rainy forecast for the rest of the week , which could cause water levels in the cave to rise .
Another option that has been discussed is simply keeping the boys in place until conditions improve . But that could mean months of waiting .
`` Officials are now dismissing the idea of leaving the boys in the cave until the rainy season is over and the water subsides , '' Sullivan reported on Wednesday .
Meanwhile , rescue workers continue to pump water out of the cave . `` About 120 million liters of water had been pumped out by late on Tuesday , or about 1.6 million every hour , '' Reuters reported . That 's nearly 32 million gallons .
As preparations continue , officials say they are simply waiting for the right moment to move the boys . `` If water levels fell and the flow weakened , they would be taken out quickly , '' Reuters reported , citing the deputy prime minister .
Want to read Slashdot from your mobile device ? Point it at m.slashdot.org and keep reading !
STONY BROOK , N.Y. — February 1 , 2018 — -Applied DNA Sciences , Inc. ( “ Applied DNA ” ) , is pleased to report that SigNature DNA evidence has resulted in two new convictions , bringing the company 's total to 117 .
Shaun Howard and his son Charlie Howard both pleaded guilty at Woolwich Crown Court ( London , United Kingdom ) in January 2018 and were convicted and sentenced to a total of 8 years imprisonment .
The father-son team committed a cash-in-transit attack against Loomis UK Limited on December 28 , 2017 , where they took possession of a cash box containing approximately £10,000 ( USD equivalent $ 14,000 ) . The criminals escaped in a van belonging to Shaun Howard .
They did not realize that the box also contained a security ink inoculated with SigNature DNA . Thanks to quick detective work and Automatic Number Plate Recognition ( ANPR ) technology , police were able to track the van and arrest the suspects .
Detectives collected evidential samples of ink stains from the suspects , which were analyzed by Applied DNA 's forensic laboratories . Within 5 working days , Kent Police received an Expert Witness report from Applied DNA that forensically linked the samples to the robbery . Nearly all of the stolen cash was recovered .
“ The evidence Applied DNA has provided was invaluable and obviously assisted with the defendants entering early guilty pleas , saving time and money , ” commented Detective Constable David Bull from Kent Police Serious Crime Directorate .
Tony Benson , Managing Director EMEA , added “ This is the quickest conviction I have ever heard of using our SigNature DNA evidence . The number of days elapsed from the date of robbery to the criminals being sentenced was only 29 , and let 's not forget Christmas and New Year holidays fell within this timeframe . This outcome is the result of excellent teamwork by police , Loomis and our forensic experts . ”
This news comes hot on the heels of another conviction issued in late 2017 . Clement O'Doherty was charged with handling stolen cash containing SigNature DNA , and was subsequently sentenced to 18 months for his role in a Loomis robbery at a London Tesco store in February 2017 . On the same day , Mr. O'Doherty was given an additional 8 year sentence for grievous bodily harm inflicted in an unrelated case .
SigNature DNA evidence has helped to convict 117 criminals to date , with total sentences of over 550 years and many more cases in the pipeline .
Posted February 2 , 2018
Source : Applied DNA Sciences
NATIONAL
South Korea confirmed an outbreak of avian influenza at a duck farm in the southwestern region and culled some 76,000 ducks to prevent the further spread of the virus , the agriculture ministry said Monday .
The H5N6 bird flu was discovered on a farm in Yeongam , some 380 kilometers south of Seoul , on Sunday , the Ministry of Agriculture , Food and Rural Affairs said .
The ministry said 76,000 ducks were slaughtered at five duck farms located within a 3-kilometer radius of the site to prevent a wider spread of the highly contagious virus .
( Yonhap )
The ministry said the latest outbreak has a high probability of being a highly pathogenic strain , noting it will release the inspection results later in the day.Quarantine officials issued a transportation ban and stepped up disinfection measures at nearby farms , with in-depth inspections into ducks in the region currently underway , the ministry said . ( Yonhap )
Trump 's Secretary of Education recently got a silent but pointed message about civil liberties from a student . On Tuesday , Betsy DeVos visited Grand Rapids Public Museum School and met with pupils at the Michigan institute . As it turned out , one of those students wore a transgender pride flag while meeting DeVos — a purposeful decision from the student who , according to MLive.com , wanted to deliver a message on protecting LGBTQ rights throughout American schools .
The student 's name is Torin Hodgman , a self-described gender-queer pupil at the Grand Rapids Public Museum School , MLive.com reported . Hodgman , whose preferred nouns are they or them , said that they decided to wear a transgender pride flag around their neck like a cape . Their question for the education secretary was , `` What is DeVos doing to ensure schools are safe learning environments for LGBTQ students and others who are questioning their gender identity ? ''
Although Hodgman was not able to ask DeVos their question in person , they hoped that the flag they donned around their neck delivered their stance on the issue of securing LGBTQ rights . `` Public schools are a place for all children , '' Hodgman told MLive.com .
In 2017 , DeVos elicited the criticism of many observers after the Department of Education rescinded protections first enacted under former president Barack Obama 's administration . The Obama-era guidelines gave transgender students the right to use school bathrooms that matched their gender identity . Although activists condemned the move , DeVos said that states should be given the definitive decision-making power on the subject .
This wo n't be the first time that a student has made a political gesture during DeVos ' visit . In the past , on separate occasions , students from University of Baltimore as well as Harvard have demonstrated against DeVos .
Among other things , critics have taken issue with Devos 's support for charter schools . Many also criticize her opposition to enacting protections for transgender students across the country .
MLive on YouTube
According to MLive.com , DeVos did not discuss anything related to transgender rights in American schools . In the video clip uploaded by the media website , DeVos could be seen amicably welcoming students , including Hodgman , but there was no mention of LGBTQ rights or students .
DeVos praised Grand Rapids Public Museum School 's way of teaching and said that it was `` doing things differently to meet students ' needs . '' The education secretary told journalists , `` This model is a place-based , very experiential , hands-on collaborative approach , and the students that I met were clearly energized by their learning environment . ''
Place-based education is a kind of teaching philosophy and practice that focuses on issues and subject matter that take place at a local level . For instance , at Grand Rapids Public Museum School , MLive.com reported that students are being taught about the condition of the Grand River , how to create podcasts ( a great class for young and aspiring media students ) , and more . During DeVos 's trip , the Education Secretary checked a Lake Sturgeon project and then gathered with the pupils and administrators .
Mark Wilson/Getty Images News/Getty Images
At the meeting , DeVos said , `` One of the most important things I can do is go and visit schools like this and talk about them and help other communities see and learn what 's happening in other places . ''
In spite of her positive assessment of the Michigan school 's innovative approach to education , DeVos has not addressed the complaints of her critics who worry that her policies could hurt transgender students . By rescinding the guidelines that shield transgender students from discrimination , DeVos appears to have cast doubt over the future and safety of transgender youths across America .
For students like Hodgman , this does n't seem like a small matter . Perhaps their quiet gesture — a pink , blue , and white flag — may compel DeVos to push for more robust and nationwide protections .
After Roseanne Barr attributed Ambien use to a racist tweet that sparked the cancellation of her sitcom , the makers of the sleep aid fired back that they were not responsible for her actions .
Barr tweeted on Tuesday night that fans should not defend her remark that former Obama aide Valerie Jarrett was a product of the Muslim Brotherhood and the `` Planet of the Apes . '' Barr added , `` It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting -- it was memorial day too -- I went 2 far & do not want it defended . ''
In response , Ambien manufacturer Sanofi-Aventis tweeted , `` While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects , racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication . ''
The reboot of `` Roseanne '' has been a blockbuster hit for ABC , but that did not stop ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey from canceling the show .
`` Roseanne 's Twitter statement is abhorrent , repugnant and inconsistent with our values , and we have decided to cancel her show , '' Dungey said .
More than 18 million people on average have watched the reboot of `` Roseanne '' this season , according to Nielsen Co .
ABC Entertainment has attributed the success of `` Roseanne '' to its post-Election Day initiative to pursue a conservative audience that the network had overlooked . Barr regularly attacks liberals on Twitter and peddles fringe conspiracy theories .
Under fire for the Jarrett insult , Barr has deleted the tweet and apologized .
`` I apologize . I am now leaving Twitter , '' Barr wrote Tuesday morning , though she quickly returned .
She added , `` I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans . I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about her politics and her looks . I should have known better . Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste . ''
Angry fans express fury at Zimbabwe Cricket
Pranjal Mech FOLLOW ANALYST News 188 // 04 Jul 2018 , 21:41 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Protesters hold placards expressing their anger at Zimbabwe Cricket
What 's the story ?
Angry at the manner in which their national team has been put to the sword in the ongoing T20I tri-series featuring Australia and Pakistan , a wide section of the Zimbabwean cricket fans vented their fury at the team as well as the national cricket board - Zimbabwe Cricket - for the sorry state of affairs the African nation find themselves in at the moment .
Banners and placards which read statements such as `` No to victimization '' , `` ZC board must go '' and `` enough of mismanagement of funds '' greeted the Zimbabwean players while they took the field for the match against Australia on Tuesday which saw Aaron Finch stoke up a record-breaking T20I score of 172 off just 76 deliveries .
Following the 7-wicket loss against Pakistan earlier tonight , Zimbabwe has been knocked out of the tri-series being played at home , adding to the fury of their cricket fans who are disappointed at the manner in which Zimbabwe Cricket is running the game in the country .
In case you did n't know ...
Zimbabwe is without five of their leading players - Brendan Taylor , Graeme Cremer , Craig Ervine , Sean Williams and Sikandar Raza - for the tri-series following a pay dispute with the board and their absence has been felt massively by the side , being condemned to three heavy defeats thus far in the series .
The heart of the matter
Allegations of mismanagement of funds and victimization were high on the agenda in the protests that were organized by the Zimbabwe Cricket Supporters Union on Tuesday at the Harare Sports Club . The supporters group also delivered a letter of disappointment to Zimbabwe Cricket after the protests .
Allrounder Solomon Mire was one of the main players who got an earful of the angry protesters when he was fielding near to the boisterous Castle Corner stands at Harare Sports Club where most of the angry fans had gathered to voice their concern .
The 28-year-old acknowledged that the manner of Zimbabwe 's defeats in the tri-series has added to the fury of the protesters but is hopeful that things will change for the better sooner rather than later .
A good omen in that direction has been the news that the ICC will be stepping in with a `` package of measures '' that will help Zimbabwe Cricket pay off their debts and hopefully bring back the revolting players back to the national fold .
Extra Cover : Zimbabwe Cricket Board receives much-needed help from the ICC
What 's next ?
Zimbabwe will play their fourth and final game of the ongoing T20I tri-series against Australia on Friday .
It will be interesting to see how quickly the ICC will be able to provide the funds needed to get Zimbabwe Cricket out of the mess they currently find themselves in and whether they accede to the protesters demand of a complete overhaul of the board .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Q : I have a 1982 El Camino . Two years ago , because it did n't pass the California smog test , I had to take it to a designated repair shop . As part of the repair , the tech told me : “ Some fool set the ignition timing to TDC ( top dead center ) , or 0 degrees . I changed it to 15 degrees , where it should be , and it 's running better. ” And it did run better .
This year I went in for the smog test , and the technician told me , “ Some fool set your ignition timing to 15 degrees , so you need to reset it to TDC. ” I told him what I had been told two years earlier , and he told me , “ The book says it has to be TDC , so you need to set it there or you wo n't pass the smog test. ” So I had him set the timing to TDC , and I passed the smog test . But the car runs like crap .
So I 'm thinking about changing the timing back to 15 degrees , where it ran better . I need some expert advice . Thank you .
— SCOTT
A : Well , if you need expert advice , Scott , why did you write to me ?
I 'm sure the car 's specification is TDC , or top dead center . That means that each spark plug is set to fire when its piston reaches the very top of the compression stroke . Fifteen degrees before TDC means the spark plugs would fire when the crankshaft is still 15 degrees of rotation away from when each piston reaches the top . In other words , at 15 degrees the spark plug would fire early .
In reality , the timing of the spark is supposed to vary . At idle , it 's supposed to be TDC . But as the engine speed increases , the spark needs to fire earlier so combustion is already in full swing by the time the piston reaches the top . Otherwise , most of the force of the explosion goes out the tailpipe instead of toward pushing the piston down and making the car move .
In older heaps like yours , the spark timing is automatically adjusted by something called an “ advance mechanism. ” Your El Camino has two : A vacuum advance , which uses the engine vacuum to advance the spark timing , and a centrifugal advance , which uses the rotation of the distributor shaft to advance the timing . And one — or both — of those is broken . I 'd put money on the vacuum advance first , because they used to break all the time .
Manufacturers do a lot of experimenting to figure out how the spark timing should be set on any given engine . They 're trying to find a balance among power , economy and emissions . So at TDC , where it 's supposed to be , your emissions are good . Well , as good as they got in 1982 , which is bad . But your power and performance stink because your advance mechanisms are n't advancing the timing when you rev up the engine .
So rather than have the timing set back to 15 degrees to simulate a working vacuum advance , go to a nearby nursing home and see if you can find a mechanic who knows what a vacuum advance and a centrifugal advance are .
Fix them , and that 'll solve all of your performance and timing problems , Scott — until the next problem arises . Good luck .
Henbury Post Office will close next week for one month of refurbishment .
The Post Office , based inside The Co-op , will be temporary closed from 25 April - 25 May inclusive , due to an extensive refurbishment of the retail side of the premises at 141-145 Station Road , Henbury , Bristol , BS10 7LZ .
Alternative branches include :
Brentry Post Office , McColls Retail Group , 155 Crow Lane , Henbury , BS10 7DR
Westbury On Trym Post Office , High Street , Westbury On Trym , BS9 3EE
With over 11,600 branches , the Post Office network is the biggest retail network in the UK , with more branches than all the banks and building societies combined .
Some 97 per cent of Post Office branches are run with retail partners on an agency or franchise basis and 99.7 per cent of the population lives within three miles of a Post Office .
Again Burlington voters are indebted to the Burlington chapter of the Canadian Federation of University Women ( CFUW ) . They hosted a Meet the Candidates debate Monday night among our four local contenders , ably moderated by Dorothy Borovich .
Alphabetically the four are Andrew Drummond ( NDP ) , Vince Fiorito ( Green ) , Jane McKenna ( Conservative ) and Eleanor McMahon ( Liberal ) .
Ontarians face the worst quandary in years about how to vote , mostly because of the two main party leaders . A recent chance meeting with an old friend in a supermarket aisle was telling . The issue was whom we disliked more — big spender Kathleen Wynne ( Liberal Premier ) or boor Doug Ford ( Conservative ) , who does n't know or wo n't reveal where he 'll find money to fund tax cuts and gas-tax cuts . ( Oh , for Christine Elliott as an option ) ! Ford recently said he would release details . The day before the election so the press ca n't check his numbers ?
Burlington is Conservative , but in 2014 voted Liberal , so Andrea Horwath ( NDP ) and Mike Schreiner ( Green ) factored little in our discussion . Maybe they should have .
Both major parties have so-so local candidates . One-term MPP McKenna had virtually no profile in office , and was defeated in 2014 by high profile cabinet minister McMahon , who earned a reputation for less than stellar constituency response .
My friend is declining her ballot . Our discussion centred on who was the worst , not best ! A bystander joined our discussion . She had the same dilemma . When complete strangers share their frustration , it shows the depth of disillusionment . Our generation votes , but how will we ever convince our youth to ?
In between our discussion and Sunday 's leaders ' debate I stumbled upon the advance polling station near Ikea . Voting cards were not available by late last week , even though advance voting was underway . I filled out the form , then got a surprise .
Printed ballots were unavailable . I was told to write the initial and surname of the candidate ( no party ) on the slip provided . Voting was n't easy in 2018 .
To my surprise I found Wynne provided the most fulsome responses during the leaders ' debate , followed by Horwath , distantly trailed by Ford , who offered insufferable sound bytes , again refusing details , but he 'd find four per cent waste .
The CFUW debate perhaps helped some undecided voters , because it was a chance to compare local candidates ' grips of issues , and their platforms . Four of us attended — three women and a man , none of whom is an ideologue . Two had voted . Two were undecided .
Merck & Co. CEO Ken Frazier ( right ) listens to US President Donald Trump speak during a meeting with manufacturing CEOs at the White House in Washington , DC , US on 23 February 2017 . Photo : Reuters
New York : Merck & Co. 's CEO resigned from President Donald Trump 's council of manufacturing executives Monday , saying “ America 's leaders must honour our fundamental values ” by rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy .
He was almost immediately attacked by Trump on Twitter .
Following a weekend of violence in Virginia involving white-supremacist groups that Trump has been criticized for not explicitly condemning , Merck chief executive officer Ken Frazier said “ as a matter of personal conscience , I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism . ”
Less than an hour later , Trump tweeted in response , “ Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President 's Manufacturing Council , he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! ”
The council has included top executives from Boeing Co. , Dow Chemical Co. and Johnson & Johnson . Frazier 's resignation—the latest CEO to quit one of Trump 's high-profile executive advisory groups—comes after a weekend of violent clashes in Charlottesville , Virginia , that resulted in one death .
Frazier is an African-American CEO—a rarity in large American corporations—and Merck has sometimes taken stands on social issues . In 2012 , the Kenilworth , New Jersey-based company 's foundation ended funding for the Boy Scouts of America over the group 's exclusion of gays from its leadership ranks . He is a registered Democrat , according to Pennsylvania voter records .
CEO departures
Other chief executives have also stepped down from the various business-advisory groups pulled together by the Trump administration . Earlier this year , Elon Musk of Tesla Inc. and Walt Disney Co. CEO Bob Iger quit a strategy and policy panel after Trump withdrew from the Paris climate pact .
Former Uber Technologies Inc. CEO Travis Kalanick quit in February after Trump 's executive order on immigration . The manufacturing group , spearheaded by Dow Chemical CEO Andrew Liveris , has n't met in five months .
Trump made US drug prices an issue during the presidential campaign and after—at one point accusing drug companies of “ getting away with murder. ” While his rhetoric on the subject has cooled , the Food and Drug Administration has taken steps to try and bring more competition to the market for some drugs , and speed more generic drugs to the market .
Frazier , in December , said his company has a “ restrained ” approach to price increases , calling aggressive price increases a foolhardy move by the industry .
Merck shares were up less than 1 % in trading before the markets opened in New York . Bloomberg
Injuries Reported After GOP Baseball Practice Shooting
Multiple people were shot in Alexandria , Va. , according to police . Multiple news organizations are reporting that a congressional baseball practice was being held and that there are injuries .
RACHEL MARTIN , HOST :
We are getting reports this morning of a shooting just outside Washington , D.C. A gunman opened fire on a group of Republican lawmakers and staffers who were practicing for a charity baseball game in Arlington , Va. , this morning . Congressman Steve Scalise was shot and is in stable condition . Several others were injured . Mo Brooks is a congressman from Alabama . Here 's how he described the scene on CNN .
( SOUNDBITE OF CNN BROADCAST )
MO BROOKS : About to hit batting practice and I hear a loud blam . And I look around , and behind third base in the third-base dugout , I see a rifle . And then I hear another blam , and I realize that there 's an active shooter . At the same time , I hear Steve Scalise scream that he was shot . The gun was a semiautomatic . It continues to fire .
MARTIN : That shooting in Alexandria , Va. , this morning - and that was Congressman Mo Brooks speaking on CNN this morning .
We 're joined now by NPR 's Tamara Keith . Tamara , what can you tell us at this point ?
TAMARA KEITH , BYLINE : Well , I can tell you that the Alexandria Police are saying that there is a suspect in custody and that that person is not a threat at this point . Five people were wounded , according to Mo Brooks . We do n't have exact numbers yet . Of course , this is a breaking news situation , and things change . Brooks said that Scalise , ; a congressional staffer ; two law enforcement officers and another law enforcement officer , who was either Capitol Police or some other protective detail , was also injured .
MARTIN : I want to turn now to Katie Fillus . She was at that baseball practice . She is - was an eyewitness to what happened this morning . Katie , are you there ?
KATIE FILLUS : Hi . I 'm here .
MARTIN : Can you tell us what you saw ?
FILLUS : Sure . I was getting out of my car with my dogs - there 's a dog park close to the baseball field . And as I started walking towards the park , somebody from the baseball team started screaming , lay flat on the ground . And I heard really , really loud pops very close to me . So I started crying and laid flat on the ground with my dogs . And the baseball team was huddled behind a large tree that was maybe 10 feet from me . And we all laid flat and the pops got louder . So I think the shooter was coming across the baseball field towards everyone . And the security person stepped out of a Suburban and had a handgun and yelled , drop your weapon . And the person shot that guard , and he or she fell in front of us .
MARTIN : Did - you saw that happen ?
FILLUS : Yes . It was right in front of me as I was laying on the ground . And I crawled on my stomach with my dogs to the sidewalk 'cause the car was parked there . And I shoved them and myself as much under the car as I could and laid there till police came and , I guess , got him or stopped the shooting .
MARTIN : Obviously , this is an unfolding situation , Katie . I mean , where are you right now ?
FILLUS : I just - I was in the crime scene speaking with the police . And I 'm now out of it - just trying to get myself and my dogs back home .
MARTIN : And you gave your statement to the police , obviously .
FILLUS : I did , yes .
MARTIN : I want to bring in Tamara Keith again . Tamara , obviously , there were people who were just bystanders to this event , let alone the people who were at that baseball game - that baseball practice . This is something that happens yearly , this baseball game ?
KEITH : Yeah . So - and the game is supposed to be tomorrow night in the Nationals ' ballpark . It 's a charity baseball game . When she says that the baseball team was huddled behind a tree , that baseball team are members of Congress , this - Republican members of Congress . It 's Republicans versus Democrats . So these - the people who are involved here are Republican members of Congress , their staffs and the people who were there to protect them . Steve Scalise , who was shot , is the No . 3 Republican in the House of Representatives . He does have a protective detail who travels with him .
MARTIN : Some have suggested on Twitter this morning that the only reason the Capitol Police were even at that baseball practice is because Congressman Scalise is - was there , that that detail travels with him .
KEITH : Yes , it travels with him . The highest-ranking members of Congress have details that travel with them . Often , members of Congress go about their daily lives or go to practice and do n't have a protective detail with them . You know , this - they practice on a regular basis . They get together . They practice baseball , all preparing for this big game in the Nationals Park that 's a very big fundraiser - a charitable fundraiser , that is . And , you know , it 's just very shocking to be at baseball practice ...
MARTIN : Yeah .
KEITH : ... Not expecting to be in - and in a very nice neighborhood in Alexandria , no less .
MARTIN : Do we know anything more about the man responsible for this , the suspect ?
KEITH : We do n't have any details about that person at this time , except to say that the Alexandria Police say that the suspect is in custody and not a threat anymore .
MARTIN : Again , if you 're just joining us , we 're getting reports of a shooting outside Washington , D.C. , in Alexandria , Va. Several people have been shot , including Congressman Steve Scalise , who was reportedly shot in the hip and is now in stable condition . And Tamara , at least a couple other staffers have been shot at this point , we 're hearing .
KEITH : That is what we 're hearing . Most of this is coming from Congressman Mo Brooks , who appeared on CNN . He was there , and he described the scene . He described applying a tourniquet to someone . This is a very frightening scene . I can also just add that Press Secretary Sean Spicer says that both the president and Mike Pence are aware of this and are watching and paying attention and following the updates .
MARTIN : Obviously , this is a breaking news story , and we will continue to bring you details as we learn them . Again , there has been a shooting outside of Washington , D.C . This happened at a congressional baseball practice ahead of a charity game that was scheduled to happen tomorrow . At least several Republican staffers have been shot . We do n't have exact numbers . We do know that Congressman Steve Scalise , the No . 3 in Congress , has been shot - in the House . He has been shot in the hip , although he is in stable condition . We can also tell you that the suspect in this shooting has been arrested and is in police custody .
We heard from an eyewitness to the shooting this morning and also NPR 's Tamara Keith with the details . Thank you so much , Tamara .
KEITH : You 're welcome .
Copyright © 2017 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
Driving in ideal weather is a life-or-death adventure , so I am amazed and pleasantly surprised to be sitting at my kitchen table typing right now after spending the last two hours commuting through a blinding blizzard on a snowmobile track previously known as a highway .
I got myself trapped 100 kilometres from home and I blame a forecast that did n't seem all that scary . A few centimetres of snow . Big deal . It 's called January .
Well , at 5 p.m. drew closer , those few centimetres were falling every two minutes . When I pulled out of the parking lot , the road was covered with snow but light on cars because most sane people ditched work early to get home . Apparently they were scared by the `` centimetre-a-geddon '' forecast .
Not me . Have you ever gotten out on the road and been trapped in weather you were not expecting ? I very quickly realized that it really was unfit for travel . Snow was blowing and swirling over the highway in those hypnotizing , dizzying patterns ( oh , and blinding at times , ca n't forget blinding ) . The road was hidden and only a couple of faint tire tracks told me where to point my car . Had I known how bad it was , I would have bunked down in a hotel for the night .
But there I was , out there in the middle of it . I did n't know if I should turn back or push forward . I was n't sure if I should start praying or crying . Pulling over seemed like a disaster waiting to happen .
As a small caravan of vehicles continued to slowly and carefully make our way down the road , I was stunned by the small number of incredibly brave and noble drivers who felt the need to pull out and pass . Who are these loons ? Where are they going ? How do they make the decision to pull into a passing lane when the passing lane is completely covered in snow and ice ?
It 's usually either someone in a large pickup truck or , and this is strange but true , someone in some little , old crapmobile . Watch the passing lane . If someone pulls out and passes you in bad weather , if they are n't in a giant truck , odds are good they are in a Sunfire , a Focus or a Yaris . Nothing against those cars , but if I was in one in a storm , I feel like I would be a little cautious and defensive not busting out of the pack to get to ... where are they in such a hurry to get to again ?
Anyway , I would not have bet $ 1 that I would have made it through the storm without at least a minor accident ( and not ruling out blindly driving off a cliff ) but after taking twice as long as normal to get there , I was home safe . And speaking of betting , do n't forget that this Sunday it 's time for the Super Bowl of football games — the Super Bowl !
Are you ready for some commercials ? I mean footballs ? If not , you better get ready because you are about to get an extra-large , supersized , all-you-can-eat , bottomless , deep-dish , triple-stacked , topped with melty cheese and bacon bits serving of it . You can have some guac too — it does cost a little extra though .
I am a sports guy . I like to watch sports , including football . But even I am starting to get overstuffed with the spectacle of it all . It 's a football game . An American football game . We are in Canada . We pretend to have a favourite team but really , we have no stake in this thing .
ARE the leadership figures in the Labour Party – and the rank and file as well – quaking in their boots at the prospect of the forthcoming local government elections on May 4 ?
It has become the norm on these occasions in the past that the party in Government at Westminster always fares badly , while the Opposition picks up seats right across the map .
But all that could well go by the board this time , with politics in Britain in such a crazy , topsy-turvy state . The Labour Party is in such a shambles that they could be losing seats on May 4 left , right and centre rather than winning ground .
Even the party leadership appears to be locked in its own private civil war .
The leader Jeremy Corbyn does his best , although not usually very effectively , at Prime Minister 's Questions in the Commons , but he is not helped by the majority of the Parliamentary Labour Party who do not like him as leader and who , pitifully , offer him little or no vocal encouragement .
The elections are taking place in England , Scotland and Wales with 4,851 council seats up for grabs . The contests for six new metro mayors in England are also being held on that day , as is the by-election in the Labour-held seat of Manchester Gorton arising from the death of Sir Gerald Kaufman .
Labour 's morale – if such a thing still exists – has also been done no favours by the latest opinion poll which shows that Theresa May is leading Mr Corbyn by a massive 37 points . This lead outstrips the 16-point lead Margaret Thatcher had over Michael Foot at the 1983 general election in which she won a 100-seat Commons majority .
Political parties often scoff at opinion poll findings , saying that what really matters is the poll on the day . If they are so scornful , why do they hold so many private opinion polls which they do not publicise ?
Labour need to brace themselves for possible trouble ahead .
WE are constantly being told the fabric of the Palace of Westminster is in dire straits and that the job to save this building will be massive , running into billions of pounds . It will not be resolved by a few bits of sticking plaster .
This means – although some people question this – that everyone will have to be taken out of the Palace for a few years to make it possible for the construction workers to get on with their task unhindered .
And moving some 2,000 people , plus all the goods and chattels , into temporary accommodation will be a mammoth task .
As I say , we are hearing all this alarmist talk . Yet , what is being done ? On the face of it , very little .
They had better get a move on , otherwise MPs will one day return from their holidays to find the place no more than a massive mountain of rubble .
I SEE the Queen has been more successful in feeding a banana to an elephant than was the late Denis Thatcher , husband of the former Prime Minister , when he tried to do the same thing in Sri Lanka .
I watched fascinated as Denis attempted to insert his bunch of bananas in the wrong orifice of the perplexed Jumbo .
I SHALL not readily forget an Easter Day a few years ago involving the then Prime Minister James Callaghan . He was known as “ Sunny Jim ” but was more often thunderous than sunny .
On this bright Easter Day morning we were “ camped out ” outside Number 10 , waiting for Callaghan . One of the television companies had laid a cable right across the front door , to halt the PM in his tracks so they could get better pictures .
Callaghan , all smiles , emerged . “ Happy Easter , everyone , ” he said . Then he produced some fearsome looking shears from behind his back , adding : “ If you do n't move that bloody cable , I will slice it in two. ” I have never seen a TV crew move faster in their haste to oblige .
I REACLL another Easter occasion when I attended a lunch at which that great trencherman Roy ( now Lord ) Hattersley , then deputy leader of the Labour Party , was guest of honour .
He was asked what his ambitions were . He replied : “ I have two great ambitions : to be Home Secretary and to open the batting for Yorkshire . ”
A voice piped up from the back of the room : “ Better get your pads on then ... ”
Inexplicably , Hattersley was the only person in the room who did not find this amusing .
Chris Moncrieff is a former political editor of the Press Association .
August 18 , 2017 at 8pm to August 19 , 2017 at 12:30am – Manny 's On Second
WHAT - `` Sizzler `` Concert with performances by Bruse Wane and other artist and guest appearances . A night of Hip Hop , Partying & Networking . Advanc…
Organized by top Of The Game & Music Merchant | Type : hip , hop , concert
The Star-Telegram has made its top wide receivers and tight ends choices in its series “ Spring Forward . ”
Now it 's your turn to vote . We 'll post the results in a few days .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Colleyville Heritage receiver Kamron Brown ( 21 ) attempts to evade Arlington Heights defender Darius Williams in a 2016 game . Brown is committed to UCLA . Bob Haynes Special to the Star-Telegram
Richland receiver Rashee Rice ( 4 ) eyes a touchdown catch as Southwest 's Sammi Sanni closes in . Bob Haynes Special to the Star-Telegram
Bowie Volunteers Ty DeArman ( 10 ) scrambles to pick a a first down as Arlington Martin plays Arlington Bowie on Sept. 29 , 2017 . Max Faulkner mfaulkner @ star-telegram.com
Four-star WR Trejan Bridges , from Hebron High School , is one of the top recruits in the country . He 's currently committed to Oklahoma . Greg Powers , 247Sports
Four-star tight end Austin Stogner ( Plano Prestonwood Christian High School ) is rated as the No . 2 TE in the country , according to 247Sports . Greg Powers , 247Sports
Brock tight end Baylor Cupp ( 44 ) comes up with a 67-yard touchdown reception against Kemp during the first half . Steve Nurenberg Special to the Star-Telegram
Fossil Ridge Panthers Jaylen Hearst ( 14 ) catches a pass for a big first down during the second quarter as Arlington Colts Kyron White ( 3 ) makes the stop . Max Faulkner mfaulkner @ star-telegram.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Children born to mothers who had a larger waist size before pregnancy are more likely to have autism , a shocking new study has revealed .
Researchers from Northwestern University made the shocking discovery in a study that will be presented today .
Dr Geum Joon Cho , who led the study , said : “ Children born to mothers with a waist of 80 centimetres ( 31.5 inches ) or more before pregnancy showed a 65 per cent increase in the risk of autism than those born to a mother with a smaller waist .
`` It is assumed there are multiple factors that cause autism , both inherited and environmental .
( Image : iStockphoto )
“ Of the environmental risk factors , emerging evidence has linked maternal pre-pregnancy obesity to the risk of autism in offspring .
“ However , other studies have reported no associations between the two conditions . We wanted to investigate this association further . ''
Previous studies that looked at the link between a mother 's obesity and her child 's autism used body mass index ( BMI ) as an indication of body fat mass .
( Image : iStockphoto )
But Dr Cho said : “ BMI is based on weight and does not differentiate between fat mass and lean mass . ”
Instead , the researchers used waist circumference as a measure - body fat stored within the abdominal cavity .
In the study , the researchers reviewed data for 36,451 mothers who delivered a child between 2007 and 2008 and underwent a National Health Screening Examination within one year of their pregnancy .
The babies were followed up , and it was found that 265 ( 0.76 per cent ) were diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder .
Maternal obesity was found to increase the odds of autism by 65 per cent .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The researchers believe that inflammation may play a key role in the link between obesity and autism .
Dr Cho added : “ Both intrauterine inflammation and fetal brain inflammation are implicated in the development of autism .
“ As obesity increases , circulating immune system proteins called inflammatory cytokines in pregnant women and the inflammation associated with maternal obesity may be related to the development of autism .
“ Waist circumference , as a measure of central obesity , is associated with an increase in inflammatory cytokines , which is known to be involved in the development of autism . ''
The researchers hope their findings will encourage doctors to monitor for maternal obesity in the future .
Three years ago , a University of Utah-led team discovered that an ultra-compact dwarf galaxy contained a supermassive black hole , then the smallest known galaxy to harbor such a giant black hole . The findings suggested that the dwarfs were likely tiny leftovers of larger galaxies that were stripped of their outer layers after colliding into other , larger galaxies .
Now , the same group of U astronomers and colleagues have found two more ultra-compact dwarf galaxies with supermassive black holes . Together , the three examples suggest that black holes lurk at the center of most of these objects , potentially doubling the number of supermassive black holes known in the universe . The black holes make up a high percentage of the compact galaxies ' total mass , supporting the theory that the dwarfs are remnants of massive galaxies that were ripped apart by larger galaxies .
`` We still do n't fully understand how galaxies form and evolve over time . These objects can tell us how galaxies merge and collide , '' says Chris Ahn , doctoral candidate in the Department of Physics & Astronomy , and lead author of the international study that published Monday in The Astrophysical Journal . `` Maybe a fraction of the centers of all galaxies are actually these compact galaxies stripped of their outer parts . ''
Measuring galaxies
The authors measured two ultra-compact dwarf galaxies , named VUCD3 and M59cO , that lie far beyond the spiral arms of our Milky Way , orbiting massive galaxies in the Virgo galaxy cluster . They detected a supermassive black hole in both galaxies ; VUCD3 's black hole has a mass equivalent to 4.4 million suns , making up about 13 percent of the galaxy 's total mass , and M59cO 's black hole has a mass of 5.8 million suns , making up about 18 percent of its total mass .
By comparison , the monstrous black hole at the center of the Milky Way has a mass of 4 million suns , but makes up less than .01 percent of the galaxy 's total mass .
`` It 's pretty amazing when you really think about it . These ultra-compact dwarfs are around 0.1 percent the size of the Milky Way , yet they host supermassive black holes that are bigger than the black hole at the center of our own galaxy , '' marvels Ahn .
To calculate the ultra-compact dwarf galaxies ' mass , the astronomers measured the movement of the stars using the Gemini North telescope located on Mauna Kea volcano in Hawaii . The astronomers have to correct for the distortions caused by Earth 's atmosphere . They shot a laser into the sky to make a fake little star , and moved a mirror around hundreds of times a second to undo the distortion . They then applied the technique to the ultra-compact dwarf galaxies , which are so small that the corrections are necessary to measure the motions inside the object . The technique , known as adaptive optics , brings the once blurry galaxy into focus .
They also analyzed images from the Hubble Space Telescope to measure the distribution of the stars in each galaxy , and created a computer simulation that best fit their observations .
They found that the motion of the stars at the center of the galaxies moved much faster than those on the outside , a classic signature of a black hole . VUCD3 and M59cO are the second and third ultra-compact dwarf galaxies found to contain a supermassive black hole , suggesting that all such dwarfs may harbor similarly massive light-sucking objects .
Ultra-compact dwarf galaxy mysteries
Astronomers discovered ultra-compact dwarf galaxies in the late 1990s . The objects are made up of hundreds of millions of stars densely packed together on an average of 100 light years across . Scientists took measurements to see what was happening inside the galaxies , and something did n't add up ; the ultra-compact dwarf galaxies had more mass than their stars alone could account for . Senior author Anil Seth , assistant professor in the Department of Physics & Astronomy at the U , led the 2014 study that found the first ultra-compact dwarf galaxy with a supermassive black hole . The two U-led studies make a strong case that supermassive black holes at the center of the galaxies are responsible for the extra mass .
An alternate theory of the dwarfs is that they are just really massive star clusters -- groups of a hundred thousand stars born at the same time . The largest star cluster in the Milky Way is three million stars , and ultra-compact dwarf galaxies are 10 to 100 times bigger than that . `` The question was , 'Is that because they form bigger star clusters with the same process ? Or are they different in some way ? ' This work shows that they are different , '' Seth continues .
`` It 's obvious in retrospect , because the center of a regular galaxy looks almost exactly like these objects , but that was n't what most people thought they were . I was n't convinced that we were going to find a black hole when I took the observations , '' says Seth . `` This is a cool example of scientific discovery and how quickly you can reorient our understanding of the universe . ''
Black holes and the formation of galaxies
Black holes are areas with such strong gravity that not even light can escape . They form when stars collapse , leaving behind a black hole with dense mass that exerts gravitational force on the objects around it . Supermassive black holes have a mass of more than 1 million suns , and are thought to be at the center of all big galaxies .
One explanation for the supermassive black hole inside the ultra-compact dwarf galaxies is that the galaxies were once made up of billions of stars . The authors believe that the dwarfs were `` swallowed up '' and ripped apart by the gravity of much larger galaxies . The ultra-compact dwarf black hole is the remnant of its formerly massive size . The findings change the way that astronomers can piece together how galaxies form and evolve over time .
`` We know that galaxies merge and combine all the time -- that 's how galaxies evolve . Our Milky Way is eating up galaxies as we speak , '' says Seth . `` Our general picture of how galaxies form is that little galaxies merge to form big galaxies . But we have a really incomplete picture of that . The ultra-compact dwarf galaxies provide us a longer timeline to be able to look at what 's happened in the past . ''
# # #
Get ready , because I have several questions about our state legislature 's incessant attacks on minority and low-income students in the form of Senate Bill 540 and House Bill 831 . Reminiscent of SB374 from the 2017 Session , which was fortunately vetoed by Gov . Scott last year , the ugliness has returned .
The bills presented in the 2018 session are clearly designed to adversely affect the proven success of our renowned Florida College System ( FCS ) and derail the dreams of so many of our students . Legislators are advocating for changing the governance structure of the FCS , adding a “ two-year graduation ” performance metric for funding and capping college workforce baccalaureate programs offered by institutions such as Miami Dade College – which awards more degrees to minorities than any other college or university in the country .
FCS is the highest performing system in the nation , ranked in the top tier of all higher education institutions nationwide for its success rates of completion and production of certificates and degrees . And , FCS institutions have accomplished this despite ongoing reductions in state funding – and while not raising tuition .
So , what 's really going on here ? Why is the Republican-controlled legislature trying to alter a system that 's been operating so effectively and successfully for decades ? Why is it a chief priority the senate president to fix a problem that is not broken ?
There is nothing wrong with the system that full funding ca n't solve . Still , several lawmakers want to punish community colleges , eliminate local control , and ultimately make it more difficult for our students to succeed .
Could demographics , nationality , or the socio-economic background of the communities served by the FCS have a role in these punitive measures ? I know those are tough words , but nothing else makes sense . These colleges offer invaluable and sometimes life-saving opportunities for first-generation , minority , and low-income students .
It 's clear to me our elected officials in the legislature are fixated on negatively impacting the core of our community . And no matter how their public relations machines try to package up what they are doing to colleges like MDC , Broward College , and Palm Beach State College — which enroll about half of all community college students in Florida – it 's not working .
It 's clear , and ugly , and wrong that some elected officials would actively engage in such blatant efforts to harm the future of students who are not only trying to make ends meet , but are seeking a better future for themselves , their families , and our Greater Miami .
I recently read that the three presidents of our community colleges in South Florida agree that their students would be the victims of the “ unintended consequences ” of this unnecessary overhaul .
Here 's how Senate Bill 540 ( SB540 ) and House Bill 831 ( HB831 ) will work toward dismantling the proven success of the FCS :
● Governance : The bills would change FCS governance from local boards to a statewide board , therefore eliminating each college 's ability to respond to the needs of its community .
● Performance : The bills would add a new performance metric called the “ 100 percent graduation rate ” that requires students seeking an associate degree to graduate in two years . Florida colleges serve unique populations , and a vast majority of study part-time . Only a small percentage of students who attend full-time could meet this measure .
● Enrollment caps : The bills would establish enrollment caps for critical baccalaureate degree programs offered at state colleges . These programs work to meet the demands of the local workforce , and also provide an option for students looking to obtain a college degree closer to home .
It seems that , instead of recognizing the FCS for its accomplishments , our state leaders are trying to fix a system that is n't broken . It 's time to speak up and tell our elected officials how you really feel . Tell them that the FCS needs more funding to ensure every Floridian can go to college . Tell them that our state has the best college system in America , and that any proposals to diminish the quality of our system should be taken out of the equation .
Photo : Tarun Vishwa
Knowing how to make good pasta is important because there 's probably a box of it kicking around in your cupboard somewhere , but it 's also important because pasta is one of the few quick meals that does double duty as weeknight food and date night food . It 's got that whole sexy , Roman trattoria , Lady and the Tramp thing going for it , but it 's also ready in the time it takes you to change into your designer sweatpants , pour a large glass of alcohol , and put on some sweet Bruno Mars tunes at the end of a long day [ Ed note : “ Uptown Funk ” forever ! ] . Pasta is your friend ! As such , it deserves a little respect .
Despite the fact that it comes in a box printed with cooking directions and will be ready in less than twenty , cooking pasta is pretty easy to mess up . If you get too distracted checking your ex 's Instagram on your phone , you can end up with a bowl full of mushy noodles , or under-salted noodles , or noodles whose sauce falls off of them like an ill-fitting suit . But heed these five small pieces of advice , and you 'll be so proud of your pasta moves you 'll throw a big noodly dinner party to show them off . Just do n't throw any spaghetti at a wall—it 's really not necessary . Your walls deserve respect too .
Make sure your cooking water is salty like the sea , and almost as plentiful
Forgetting to salt your water will make for flavorless pasta , and you 'll have to overcompensate by oversalting your sauce—not a good move . Pour water into a big pot so that your pasta has plenty of room to move around , then salt it generously : it should taste like seawater , not disgustingly salty but markedly so . Add your pasta once your water reaches a rolling boil .
Check the package 's cooking time , but do n't put too much faith in it
Most mass-market pasta is going to tell you to overcook your pasta . I do n't know why , but that 's how our country works ! So if you 're cooking pasta of the Barilla variety , check it a few minutes before the box says it 'll be done . ( Tasting your food as it cooks is one of the best ways to become a better , more knowledgeable cook . ) You want to cook your pasta to al dente , which means it 'll have a bit of a bite to it—an old boss of mine used to liken the experience to biting a stick of gum . It 'll cook a bit more as it cools , and even more if you toss it with sauce in a hot pan , which is always a good idea .
Reserve a little pasta water
Pasta water is the glue that will hold your final dish together ; learn to use it . When pasta cooks , it leaches out starch , which is why your cooking water is a little cloudy when you drain it . That starch helps to adhere your sauce to your pasta ( kind of like edible velcro ) . Before you drain your pasta , ladle out a quarter cup of so for each serving , then add it in splashes when you combine pasta and sauce . If you 're using a sauce , add a few splashes of pasta water to it in a pan , then add your pasta and cook until everything looks nicely combined .
Never , ever rinse
Remember what we learned about starchy pasta water and how it 's good and important and valuable ? Rinsing your pasta with water in a colander strips it of its starch . There is literally no reason to do this .
Finish your pasta in its sauce
If you 're just gon na dress your pasta with a little bit of nice olive oil and maybe some Parmesan cheese , you can go ahead and skip this step . But if you 've got any sort of sauce planned—creamy , tomato-y , whatever—finish your dish by cooking your pasta and sauce together , with a bit of that pasta water you reserved . This is n't a sandwich , after all—sauce and pasta should n't be layered on top of each other , but well combined .
This article originally appeared on gq.com .
Up Next : Behind the ramp | Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Matthew Mursch , 5 , of Scranton will represent all local heart disease and stroke survivors as the child chair for the 2017 Northeast PA Heart Walk Saturday , April 29 at PNC Field in Moosic . Committee members discuss plans for Lackawanna Pro Bono 's 11th annual golf tournament , scheduled Friday , June 9 , at Blue Ridge Trail Golf Club . Seated from left : attorneys Bruce S. Zero , Joseph G. Price and Sylvia H. Hahn , and standing , Edward A. Monsky and Timothy E. Foley . A continuing legal education program on ethics begins at 11 a.m. with registration and lunch at noon and a shotgun start at 12:30 p.m. Dinner and an awards ceremony are scheduled at 6 . Teams and individuals are welcome . “ Early bird ” entrance fee is $ 135 for golfers registered on or before May 5 ; regular fee is $ 150 . Sponsorship opportunities are available . For details or to register visit www.lackawannaprobono.com , or call 570-961-2714 .
11th Pro Bono
golf tournament
Attorney Joseph G. Price is serving as chairman of Lackawanna Pro Bono 's 11th annual golf tournament . The fundraising event scheduled Friday , June 9 , at Blue Ridge Trail Golf Club , will feature a continuing legal education program on ethics , lunch and the captain-and-crew format tournament followed by dinner and an awards ceremony . Attorneys Kevin M. and James J. Conaboy are the CLE presenters .
Committee members , along with Joe , including attorneys Timothy E. Foley , Sylvia H. Hahn Edward A. Monsky and Bruce S. Zero , have planned a variety of contests in addition to 18 holes of play , including a hole-in-one competition with $ 10,000 up for grabs . Awards also will be presented for men 's and women 's longest drives and closest to the pin . The entrance fee includes the CLE , 18 holes of golf , cart rental , greens fees , lunch , beverages , cocktail hour and dinner .
“ We are anticipating a great turnout at this year 's golf tournament . It 's an opportunity for members of the community to network , connect with colleagues , and enjoy a day out of the office , ” said Joe , who also is president of Pro Bono 's board .
Tournament proceeds support Lackawanna Pro Bono 's mission to provide free legal representation to Lackawanna County residents faced with serious civil legal problems who do not have the means to hire a lawyer .
“ The annual golf tournament is a fun and important event to support Lackawanna Pro Bono , ” said Sylvia , who is Pro Bono executive director . “ Thanks to pro bono attorneys and the generous support of sponsors and community members , we are able to make a significant difference in the lives of so many who would not have access to justice otherwise . ”
Super students
Chiara Marone of Hawley performed “ Burn ” from “ Hamilton ” to earn second place in the 2017 Alvernia University 's Got Talent competition . Chiara majors in theater . ... King 's College students Alexandra Bolsar of Scranton , Mark Decker of Covington Twp . and Mark Michno of Old Forge are involved in 15-week internship experiences . Alexandra , daughter of Mary Kay and Bernard Bolsar , a junior pre-law and history major , is interning at the Luzerne County district attorney 's office . Mark Decker , son of Mark and Jane Decker , a junior criminal justice major with minors in sociology and social work , is interning at Northeast Foster Care . Mark Michno , son Mark F. Michno , a junior accounting major , is interning at Baker Tilly Virchow Krause LLP .
High notes
Five-year-old Matthew Mursch of Scranton , a congenital heart defect survivor , will represent local heart disease and stroke survivors as the child chairman for the 2017 Northeast PA Heart Walk on Saturday , April 29 at PNC Field in Moosic with registration at 8:30 a.m. and step off at 10 . Matthew and his family , including parents Matthew and Lynn Mursch , will lead off the walk this year as part of the Matthew 's Amazing Heart team , sponsored by Ken Pollock Auto Group . Money raised at the Heart Walk supports the American Heart Association 's lifesaving mission to build healthier lives , free of cardiovascular diseases and stroke . For details on the walk or to sign up to participate , visit www.heart.org/northeastpawalk or call 570-815-4243 .
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier announced Monday that he 's resigning from the president 's American Manufacturing Council amid criticism of Donald Trump 's remarks about last weekend 's protests in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Frazier said in statement that as a `` matter of personal conscience , I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism . ''
A Mid-Michigan man said it was the “ best mistake I 've ever made ” , and it led to him winning $ 100,000 .
The Tuscola County man , who has chosen to remain anonymous , matched the Fantasy 5 numbers drawn Thursday to win the Fantasy 5 jackpot .
He bought his winning ticket at Worth 's Party Store , located at 4730 East Main Street in Millington .
“ I usually play 04-14-28-30-31 , but I accidentally picked 29 instead of 28 , ” said the player . “ Rather than starting over with a new slip , I just decided to go ahead and play those numbers and I 'm so glad I did .
The lucky player claimed his prize on Tuesday .
“ Winning the jackpot was all because of a simple mistake , but it 's definitely the best mistake I 've ever made . ”
He said he plans to use the money to pay down his mortgage .
“ I ca n't tell you how it feels to win the jackpot . It 's a once in a lifetime kind of thing , ” the player said .
Copyright 2018 WNEM ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video ST. LOUIS COUNTY , MO ( KTVI ) – It is a sad statistic to start a new year . St. Louis County logged its first homicide of 2017 just 20 minutes into it .
St. Louis County police responded to the 5200 block of Jamestown Bay Court for a shooting . Officers arrived and found a man dead after having been shot several times .
An investigation revealed that a disturbance had occurred within the victim 's residence just prior to shots being fired and that the suspect and victim knew each other . There is no suspect description .
The victim has not yet been identified .
The incident is being investigated by the St. Louis County Police Department 's Bureau of Crimes Against Persons .
Ray Turnbull , a member of the World Curling Hall of Fame and Manitoba 's 1965 Brier championship team , has died . He was 78 .
Curling Canada said on its website that Turnbull died of leukemia at the Winnipeg Health Sciences Centre .
Born in Huntsville , Ont. , Turnbull rose to prominence as a curler in Manitoba . He served as the lead for Terry Braunstein 's squad that captured the '65 Canadian championship and finished runner-up to the United States at the world men 's championship in Perth , Scotland , later that year .
Turnbull became a successful analyst after his career and was part of TSN 's curling broadcast team from 1985-2010 .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
TIMES-TRIBUNE FILE The closed Sixth Avenue bridge over the Lackawanna River in Carbondale .
The bridge that Carbondale 's younger residents have never driven over remains on schedule for replacement by 2019 , officials said .
After 25 years of delay , the city 's engineering firm , KBA Engineering of Jermyn , is finishing up the final planning for the approximately $ 2 million Sixth Avenue Bridge project , only about half of which is construction .
Tony Grizzanti , a KBA associate , said he met with officials of the state Department of Environmental Protection and Department of Transportation on Tuesday to discuss KBA 's study of the new bridge 's hydrology and hydraulics — the opening for the Lackawanna River that will flow under it — and other issues . That meeting reviewed KBA 's study to ensure it 's on track before the firm formally applies for a waterway opening permit , Grizzanti said .
Barring anything unforeseen , PennDOT continues to expect to seek bids for the project by late summer of next year , he said .
Carbondale Mayor Justin Taylor said earlier this year the job would be ready for bidding by now , but Grizzanti said a PennDOT review of KBA 's supplemental engineering contract took much longer than expected .
Nothing about replacing the decrepit , 60-foot-long , 36-foot-wide bridge has come easy .
The city began planning for its replacement in 1992 , and closed it in 2003 . Concrete barriers block vehicles and only pedestrians can use it .
A variety of factors delayed the bridge 's replacement , including the departure of an earlier engineer , the city 's slowness in getting necessary permits and acquiring land , and disputes between state environmental and transportation officials .
The project includes demolishing the run-down , former Hotel Chellino to create space for the new bridge .
“ Awesome , ” Taylor said after learning what Grizzanti said . “ I 'm trying to get it done before at least this term is over . ”
His term ends in January 2020 . If the project stays on track , the new bridge should open in 2019 .
Contact the writer :
bkrawczeniuk @ timesshamrock.com ; 570-348-9147 ;
@ BorysBlogTT on Twitter
MONDAY UPDATE brings
Times-Tribune readers up to date on past or pending stories of interest . To offer a suggestion for a Monday Update , please email metrodesk @ timesshamrock.com with
“ Monday Update ” in the
subject line .
The United Nations Security Council has rejected a politically motivated proposal by India seeking sanctions against Pakistan over terrorism , the Foreign Office said on Sunday .
“ UN Security Council 's 1267 Sanctions Committee related to Islamic State ( IS ) and al Qaeda has rejected a politically motivated proposal by India , ” FO spokesperson Nafees Zakaria said in a statement . “ Replete with frivolous information and baseless allegations , the Indian proposal had no merit and was aimed at advancing its narrow national agenda , ” the spokesperson added .
Slamming India 's policy of state-sponsored terrorism , Zakaria said New Delhi was itself involved in perpetrating , sponsoring , supporting , and financing terrorism . “ Pakistan has been a direct victim of India 's state sponsored terrorism and confessions of RAW 's agent Kulbhushan Jadhav about his involvement in terrorist activities in Pakistan proves this fact , ” he said .
The spokesperson went on to say that more evidence of India 's involvement in stoking terrorism inside Pakistan will be share with the UN and international community . “ It is clear that India 's unfounded allegations against Pakistan are in fact aimed at masking its own terrorist activities in Pakistan . ”
Zakaria also reiterated Islamabad 's commitment to continue close cooperation with the international community in its collective endeavours for the elimination of terrorism . “ Pakistan has made a significant contribution and rendered enormous sacrifices in the success of international community 's efforts against terrorism , ” he said .
Relations between the two nuclear-armed arch rivals have plummeted in recent months , with India blaming Pakistani militants for a raid on an army base in its part of Kashmir in September that killed 19 soldiers . India said it responded by carrying out strikes across the heavily-militarised border , although Islamabad denies these took place . The neighbours have been engaged in a diplomatic tit-for-tat ever since .
AS was also once famously the case with the late , great Bob Paisley , proving abstemious in the aftermath of a magnificent moment of sporting triumph proved the best tonic possible for former Sheffield Wednesday midfielder Jim McCalliog .
It was a half-a-century ago on April 15 , 1967 when the international debutant , then just 20 , drunk in every sweet last drop as Scotland dethroned world champions England in a famous 3-2 victory on the hallowed Wembley turf .
Described by Scotland manager Bobby Brown as being the “ star turn ” – no mean feat in a decorated visiting line-up which contained a stellar cast including messrs Bremner , Baxter , Law and Greig – McCalliog was bestowed with the honour of firing the all-important third goal for the Scots , a life-changing moment for the young man .
Dream debut was the phrase .
Foregoing the need for alcohol , McCalliog , now 70 , can still instantaneously recall memories of that feted Spring day for Tartan football in a golden year for the beautiful game north of the border .
Just over 10 years later , Liverpool manager Paisley neglected to toast his side 's own cherished moment in winning the European Cup for the first time in Rome in May , 1977 , with the humble north-easterner preferring to savour the victory and the sense of achievement rather than have his brain befuddled with booze at the after-match party in a hotel in the Eternal City .
You beauty : Eddie McCreadie leaps on top of players surrounding scorer Bobby Lennox .
It was something that McCalliog can clearly concur with .
Speaking many years later , the Glaswegian , who savoured a magical day with a glass of Coca-Cola as opposed to Champagne , said : “ I have a fabulous memory of it all as I did n't touch a drop of alcohol until I was 23 .
“ So I remember everything about that experience . It does amaze me that people still come up wanting to talk about it but I am very happy about that .
“ The one thing I really wanted in my life was to play for Scotland – that was where I wanted to go . If the ground had swallowed me up at full-time that day , I would have been quite happy because that is all what I wanted to do , play for Scotland . ”
It does amaze me that people still come up wanting to talk about it but I am very happy about that . Scotland 's Jim McCalliog
As for 1967 , it was an exceptional year for Scottish football with Celtic 's feted ‘ Lisbon Lions ' going on to lift the European Cup 40 days later when they become the first British team – and side from Northern Europe – to lift the continent 's big footballing prize .
What was perhaps remarkable about the national team 's success in the previous month was that three of the stars of Jock Stein 's decorated Celtic side in Billy McNeill , Bobby Murdoch and Jimmy Johnstone were all missing from the team who overcame the world champions of England in their own backyard .
It was an England team who went into the game as strong favourites with Alf Ramsey 's side boasting a formidable 19-match unbeaten streak , incorporating their magnificent path to glory in the World Cup of 1966 .
Their last defeat had arrived in October , 1965 when they lost out to Austria in a friendly , with England fully expected to continue their impressive form of the last 18 months and retain the Home International Championship , having beaten Northern Ireland 2-0 in Belfast before thrashing Wales 5-1 at Wembley in late 1966 .
GREAT TIMING : Scotland 's Jim McCalliog scores past England goalkeeper Gordon Banks for his side 's third and winning goal in the international match at Wembley . Picture : PA .
With these fixtures also acting as qualifiers for the European Championships in 1968 , further importance was attached to the marquee international fixture in British football , with England featuring just one change to the team that beat West Germany nine months earlier in the World Cup final , with Jimmy Greaves replacing Roger Hunt .
By contrast , recently-appointed Scotland manager Brown , in his first outing as the country 's first full-time boss , rolled the dice , handing debuts to players at the opposite end of the career spectrum in Owls ' midfield tyro McCalliog and veteran Celtic goalkeeper Ronnie Simpson , who became the oldest debutant for Scotland at 36 .
The visitors stunned much of the 99,063 crowds by taking the lead midway through the first half through Denis Law – who fired in a rebound after Willie Wallace 's shot had been blocked – and they doubled their lead 12 minutes from time through Bobby Lennox .
England were hindered by Jack Charlton having to soldier on with a broken toe , with the Leeds United defender forced to hobble around and try and make a nuisance of himself up front with no substitutes allowed .
Eventually , Charlton did pull a goal back but then came McCalliog 's moment .
There was still time for Geoff Hurst to reduce the arrears , but it was the Scots ' day , with the coup de grace arriving with the sight of wonderfully gifted ‘ Slim ' Jim Baxter playing an impromptu game on ‘ keepie-uppie ' to dance on the footballing grave of the English .
Another part of the Baxter legend from events on the fateful Spring day surfaced on proceedings before kick-off , when reports had it that he was reading the form in the Racing Post 10 minutes before the game .
When it was suggested that he might want to warm up before such a huge encounter , Baxter is said to first of all have stretched out his left leg and then his right before answering : “ That 's me warmed up , ” with his gaze still fixed on his newspaper .
Then came his famous ball-juggling antics . Alongside Archie Gemmill 's magical World Cup goal against Holland in Mendoza in Argentina '78 , it represents perhaps the most iconic moment in the history of the Scottish national side .
When the celebrations were over , there was a sad postscript for McCalliog , who had scored at Wembley in the previous year during the Owls ' 3-2 FA Cup loss to Everton , when he put Alan Brown 's side ahead early on .
McCalliog went on to earn just four more caps and took umbrage with Wednesday chiefs for hampering his long-term prospects of wearing the navy blue jersey many more times .
He added : “ A few different things happened back then . There was a debate about Anglo-Scots – guys playing south of the border – being in the national team and there always had to be so many Celtic and Rangers players in the team .
“ There was a lot of competition about while I had a lot of niggly injuries , too .
“ But what annoys me is I was told the SFA thought I did n't want to play for Scotland . There was nothing further from the truth .
“ I found out later that whenever Sheffield Wednesday were asked to release me for international duty they said they would only let me go if I was definitely going to play .
“ That was not fair as it came back on me . The SFA must have thought there was no smoke without fire and that I had agreed to that . ”
FIVE memorable aspects of the Scots ' 3-2 win
1 : England had enjoyed an imperious start to their reign as world champions and were looking to extend a 19-match unbeaten run when they welcomed the Scots to London .
2 : This was a golden era for Scottish football . Within six weeks of Bobby Brown 's men winning , four members of the starting XI – goalkeeper Ronnie Simpson , left-back Tommy Gemmell and forwards Willie Wallace and Bobby Lennox – helped Celtic become the first British side to be crowned champions of Europe .
3 : Simpson was a late bloomer when it came to international football and was making his Scotland debut at Wembley at the age of 36 .
4 : England 's hopes suffered setback within the first 15 minutes when defender Jack Charlton suffered a broken toe . Substitutions were still not generally allowed in international competition , meaning Charlton had to limp on up front for the rest of the game . Substitutions were in place for the Mexcio World Cup three years later .
5 : If you were not among the 99,063-strong crowd , you will not have seen Scotland 's greatest victory as it unfolded . The match was not deemed important enough to be shown live – only the second half was covered by radio commentators .
For reasons beyond my understanding , we as a society have turned our backs on grains . It 's not a new thing , but it is becoming increasingly trendy to not only avoid eating grains like rice and bread ( potatoes , while not a grain , are also a victim here ) but also to create healthier , vegetable based dishes .
Out with the noodles and in with spiralized vegetables .
I happen to be in a very long-term relationship with bread . I certainly do n't eat mountains of it , but I could certainly see myself winding up in a fist fight with Oprah over who loves bread more ( she would win , I mean I 'd see her and just be in awe of her ) . However , I am guilty of joining the vegetable substitution bandwagon . I make zoodles with pesto pretty often . I sometimes tease my friends by preparing buffalo cauliflower bites instead of making buffalo wings .
Given that this time of year there 's an abundance of dense meals being passed around the holiday tables I thought it might be a good idea to try something to give my body a break from the series of bread rolls that have graced my plate .
I have n't tried to make fake bread yet , but I did attempt fried cauliflower rice to see if it could hold its own again fried rice .
As I 've mentioned in a previous column , I 'm very attached to my Chinese food , so the idea that I could snub regular rice and be some sort of health goddess by replacing it with shredded cauliflower was tempting . Admittedly I was hesitant to try this out , as I was n't sure if there would be enough soy sauce in the world to stomp out the cauliflower odor and allow me to forget that I was n't eating rice , but it turned out pretty well .
Fried Cauliflower Rice
Serves 4
1 head of cauliflower
2 tablespoons sesame oil
1 carrot
2 garlic cloves
2 eggs
2 tablespoons soy sauce
6 scallions
Shred the cauliflower with a cheese grater or a food processor until the pieces are the size of rice grains ( pre-shredded cauliflower is also available in most grocery stores ) . Cube the carrot and dice the garlic ( or if you have a jar of pre-minced garlic just use 2 tablespoons of that ) and stir fry them in a skillet with the sesame oil over a medium low heat . After five minutes add the cauliflower and cook until it is tender . Once the cauliflower is tender , lower the heat and make a well in the middle of the pan . Crack the eggs in the opening and scramble them . Once the eggs are fully cooked add the soy sauce ( low sodium works ) and the chopped scallions and serve .
The rice is pretty simple , so feel free to add pork or edamame to the recipe . Or if you hate veggies , the recipe could be used to make regular fried rice by nixing the cauliflower for the real deal . Happy eating !
NIANTIC , Conn. ( CT STYLE ) — The key to a healthy mind and body might not just be diet and exercise . A new study shows knitting can also play a role in your well being .
“ I knit every day , ” said Jennifer Lord Anglim , owner of Twist Yarn Shoppe in Niantic , Conn. “ For me , it 's not only about the product in the end it 's the act of knitting itself I find very relaxing . ”
Lord Anglim says knitting is n't just your grandma 's favorite pastime anymore .
“ I think that there 's a misconception that it 's elderly women who sit in their chairs and knit , and there 's a ton of people who are knitting of all ages , young and old , men and women , ” she explained .
And there 's good news for those who do knit . The organization Knit for Peace just released a study in which they reviewed previous evidence-based research and also conducted a survey of 1,000 knitters .
One of the health benefits they found is that knitting can reduce depression and anxiety .
“ I find that when I 'm knitting I forget about the world and I 'm just in my stitches , ” Anglim said .
Included in the Knit for Peace study was research from Harvard Medical School 's Mind and Body Institute , which found knitting can lower the heart rate by 11 beats per minute on average . As a result , blood pressure also drops .
“ It helps me to process things and therefore I 'm able to process things better in life , ” Anglim said .
The study also found knitting can distract from chronic pain , slow the onset of dementia , and also reduce loneliness and isolation .
“ What I love about knitting is the social aspect of it , ” Anglim said . “ That really gets me out of my shell . We host a series of social hours and classes here at the shop and we get people coming from all over the state . ”
So whether you 're a longtime knitter , or are looking for a new hobby , you may want to pick up those needles and get to work .
“ If I can just get a couple rows at the very least it helps me to clear my mind , it helps me sleep better , it helps me be a happier person , ” Anglim explain .
In their report , Knit For Peace , calls for knitting to be taught in schools . They say it 's a “ skill for life . ”
YOU may have heard the expression , 'not all calories are equal ' , and indeed when it comes to liquid calories , the ones we consume via a variety of smoothies , juices , coffees , wines and spirits we need to be particularly careful .
You see , when we consume our calories via liquids , not only do we not register that we have actually consumed this many calories but especially sugary drinks such as soft drinks and juices are more likely to see fat accumulated in the liver when we drink them regularly . Soft drink is also one of the only individual food groups directly linked to excessive sugar consumption and weight gain . So if you have not done so before , it may be worth considering how many of your daily calories you are actually drinking .
Some of us start our day with coffee , others a green smoothie or maybe you are more of a juice person . Whatever your morning go to , chances are it could be adding almost a breakfast worth of calories without you realising it . Take a coffee for example , a black coffee with a dash of milk contains an insignificant number of calories and sugar , while a large caramel Latte contains at least 200 calories and more than 5 teaspoons of sugar . Or an average serve of fruit juice will offer at least 200 calories and 6 teaspoons of sugar , while a large smoothie will clock in with at least 400 calories and up to 12 teaspoons of sugar . So if your goal is weight control and to keep your sugar intake to a minimum , when it comes to breakfast drinks , choose small unflavoured coffees , vegetable juices in place of fruit and order a small smoothie and remember it is the meal , not just a drink .
This is the best option if you 're choosing a smoothie for breakfast . Picture : istock .
Next we have the beverages we choose why we go about our day-to-day jobs - you may enjoy a midmorning coffee ; coconut water after a visit to the gym or you may pick up an energy drink to keep you awake until lunchtime . Again all of these popular drinks are adding a significant number of calories to your day - a coffee at least 100 , an energy drink at least 150 calories and up to 7 teaspoons of sugar , and even 'healthy ' coconut water will give you more than 3 teaspoons of sugar in a single serve . The good news ? It is easy to wipe out these extra calories by sticking to water , plain tea and coffee in between meals and if you must add some flavour to your drinks in between meals , always look for sugar free options .
Soft drink , flavoured mineral waters and juice remains the favourite lunchtime drink options , with many a lunch meal deal dependent on choosing one of these sugary additions to round out your lunch . The issue ? All of these options will add 5-9 teaspoons of sugar along with a couple of hundred extra liquid calories . Better options ? Water , sparking or soda water or if you must a diet or no sugar bubbly alternative .
Once we make it through the day , while sugary drinks have less of a focus , if you do enjoy a wine or beer most days , it can be easy to drink as many calories as a meal without even noticing . It is a common belief that alcohol contains a lot of sugar , this is not exactly true . Rather it is the nutrient alcohol that contains a significant number of calories , and when we are enjoying alcohol the body is so busy burning off these alcohol calories that the calories we consume via food ( think fried food , dips , chips and snacks ) while we are drinking that are more likely to be stored . It is for this reason that alcohol is closely linked to weight gain .
So if you regularly enjoy a couple of alcoholic drinks after work , with the larger glasses we tend to pour our own drinks into , we will be adding an extra 200-300 calories into our day , or almost that of a small meal in itself . For many of us , our liquid calorie intake explains very simply why we are gradually gaining weight , even though we may not be eating all that differently .
You do n't have to just ditch the brownies if you 're on a diet . The large mocha or caramel latte is n't doing you any favours either . Picture : Instagram
The average female who spends much of the day sitting will burn roughly 1200-1500 calories per day and an average male between 1600-2000 calories . If you consider that a couple of large milk coffees along with a smoothie or juice and glass or two of wine will be adding up to an extra 700-1000 calories each day , you could be drinking more than ½ the number of calories you need . Liquid calories are closely linked to weight gain , we do not eat significantly less when we drink some of our calories and they are one area of our diet in which we can easily cut back .
So where possible choose plain black or piccolo sized coffees ; limit your intake of sugary drinks and juices opting for no or low calorie sparking water or vegetable juices instead and watch the size of your nightly wine pour to slash these extra liquid calories and your calorie intake overall .
Susie Burrell is a dietitian and nutritionist . Follow her on Twitter @ SusieBDiet
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Clear , present danger
Editor : Whether you are liberal , conservative , or someplace in between , most Americans uphold the basic foundations of our democracy . The Constitution sets how our government operates and there are safeguards in place to avoid totalitarian , authoritative dictators from gaining power . Donald Trump is a dangerous threat to the foundations of our democracy : He has repeatedly demonstrated that he is a narcissist . One psychologist described his condition as “ malignant narcissism . ”
He has shown his deeply xenophobic views through an executive order on travel . Other countries now question American values and are concerned that a world power has turned maliciously unhinged under Trump 's presidency . Contrary to Trump 's assertion that it makes us safer , his order makes Americans less safe .
He proposes to build a wall across the border with Mexico rather than working toward positive adjustments to immigration policy , thereby alienating Mexico . His policy ignores the fact that more refugees/immigrants are coming from Central America than Mexico . Facts do n't seem to sway Trump 's decisions .
He has a complete and utter disdain for news media . Shutting out the media is a methodology used by dictators , not presidents .
He refuses to reveal tax returns and had not divested himself from his international businesses . This basic ethical breach disqualifies him for the presidency .
He has demonstrated that he is temperamentally , emotionally , mentally and ethically unqualified to be president .
Our democracy is being tested to its core . Every effort must be made to impeach Trump . Americans who truly believe in our values understand the danger he poses to us and to the free world . As Americans , it is our duty to stop making excuses for him . It is our duty to stop trying to justify his actions . He poses a clear danger to our safety and our values .
MICHAEL SPORER
SCRANTON
No compromise
Editor : We know of Donald J. Trump , the 11-year-old schoolyard bully who was sent to military school not only for discipline , but also to become more aware and responsible to others . That was to be his first pivot .
It did n't take . So , as he moves through college and to a business career , kindness and courtesy remain absent . A person can be successful
in business chiefly by acting on instinct rather than thoughtfulness .
His proclivity is to always keep moving toward money and power — particularly power ! He does n't pivot .
Many years later we see this propensity still at work . He wants to be president of the United States and , in the process , never pivots . He does n't pivot after the primaries , or after the convention , or after the election and now , after the inauguration . His appetite for power has only been whetted .
He indicates that his real opposition is the media and his chief strategist , Steve Bannon , says that they should “ shut up. ” If the fourth estate should be quieted , then his goal of becoming a dictator would be easier . People would have lost a front line of resistance against his overreach .
Adolf Hitler became chancellor of Germany on Jan. 30 , 1933 . The transition team from the Weimar Republic , led by President Paul von Hindenburg , had accepted him as a reasonable alternative . They believed that they could control his worst tendencies and that he would , in short order , fall under their influence . In less than three months he was the complete and total dictator .
RICHARD J. YOST
SOUTH ABINGTON TWP .
Repeal regrettable
Editor : Congress recently repealed the Environmental Protection Agency 's stream protection rule , which aimed to prevent the dumping of coal mining debris in streams .
This rule would primarily affect mountaintop removal mining in the Appalachian coal region . Although this type of mining is not practiced locally , the adverse environmental effects of coal mining are all too familiar here .
Pennsylvania 's waterways provide many benefits to our area , but ca n't be taken for granted . The Lackawanna River Conservation Association and Trout Unlimited spent years restoring the Lackawanna River , which had been degraded for decades from multiple sources of pollution , including coal mining . Now the river is designated a Class A wild trout stream , drawing area residents and visitors from across the country . Outdoor enthusiasts boost the area 's economy while fishing and kayaking .
Apparently , Republican U.S. Reps. Lou Barletta of Hazleton , and Tom Marino of Lycoming County , forget the disastrous legacy of coal mining in our area . They also seem oblivious to the benefits of clean water . Why else would they vote to repeal a law that protects streams and rivers from coal mining waste ?
JANET CROWTHER
BENTON TWP .
Soda tax bad
Editor : The Times-Tribune editorial board blithely ignored the negative impacts of Philadelphia 's beverage tax on families and businesses in a recent editorial
( “ Unjust move on soda tax , ” Feb. 13 ) .
While the newspaper points to rising obesity rates as a matter for public concern , a “ nanny state ” approach wo n't work . While obesity rates have risen since 1980 , soft drink consumption has declined and is at its lowest point in 30 years .
Moreover , the beverage tax is regressive , hitting working families hardest because they ca n't afford to shop outside the city .
The tax is devastating the supermarkets and small grocery stores that are the anchors of many urban neighborhoods . Beverages are one of the largest and most important drivers of sales in these stores .
Philadelphia 's 1.5 cents per ounce tax hits thousands of beverages , including sweetened iced teas , lemonade , fruit juices and diet soda . This is causing sales to plummet in Philadelphia stores , threatening recent strides in providing fresh groceries to our state 's largest city .
The bipartisan group of lawmakers that signed a legal brief opposing the tax
stood up for Pennsylvania 's families and businesses against bad public policy .
DAVID L. McCORKLE
PENNSYLVANIA FOOD MERCHANTS ASSOCIATION
CAMP HILL ,
CUMBERLAND COUNTY
If you walked away from Love , Simon wanting to know even more about the new romance between Simon and the elusive Blue , you 're in luck : this week brings with it a brand-new book from Becky Albertalli , and it 's the sequel you did n't even realize you wanted . Leah on the Offbeat circles on Simon 's best friend , Leah , but the entire band of friends makes an appearance in this heartwarming coming-of-age tale .
If that 's not your thing , there are plenty of other new releases coming this week . Two young adult debuts — Ash Princess and Sky in the Deep — are coming out this week , and both are sure to become instant favorites of fantasy fans . Not to mention , Eligible author Curtis Sittenfeld is back a new short story collection , beach read favorite Jamie Brenner has a new novel about grief , family , and finding love in the most hopeless of places and circumstances , and YA rom-com legend Siobhan Vivian has a new novel about summer love and an ice cream stand .
The nonfiction this week is particularly exciting : Pulitzer Prize winning journalist Ronan Farrow is releasing detailed , thoroughly researched examination and critique of U.S. foreign policy ; Kirk Wallace Johnson 's new book is a true crime account of a bizarre heist involving rare dead birds ; and Pulitzer Prize winning author Gilbert King is back with a new book about criminal justice and racism in the 1950s America . And of course , there 's Chasing Hillary , the controversial book about Hillary Clinton 's failed attempts at the White House , written by New York Times journalist Amy Chozick .
Whatever you 're in the mood to read over the next few days , there 's a new book that will certainly fit the bill . Here are the 10 new books to keep on your radar this week :
'Leah On The Offbeat ' by Becky Albertalli If you walked away from Love , Simon with more burning questions about what comes next for Simon , his new boyfriend , and his best friend Leah , you 're in luck . The sequel to the book that inspired the movie , Simon Vs . The Homo Sapiens Agenda , hits stores today and it centers on Leah as she wrestles with first love , senior year angst , and her own coming out as bisexual . Click here to buy .
'Ash Princess ' by Laura Sebastian The Ash Princess , Thora , has long been held hostage by the Kaiser who killed her mother , the Queen , and took over her kingdom . She 's mostly bourn her enslavement in silence — she is , after all , still a member of court , and she 's been afforded practically every luxury . But when the Kaiser forces her to do the unthinkable , she 's pushed to her brink — and the spark of a rebellion is stoked . Click here to buy .
'Beneath a Ruthless Sun ' by Gilbert King Beneath A Ruthless Sun , the latest nonfiction work by Pulitzer Prize winner Gilbert King , examines the 1957 rape of a Florida citrus baron . The woman claimed a `` husky Negro '' did it , but the sheriff , a notorious racist , set his sights instead on a mentally impaired white teenager , eventually having him to sent to a state hospital for the insane without a trial . As King unpacks this tragic , confounding story , a shocking truth about the history of our nation emerges . Click here to buy .
'The Husband Hour ' by Jamie Brenner When Lauren 's husband and lifelong love , Rory , dies in combat , she retreats to a beach house on the Jersey Shore to find her peace and cope with her grief . But her solitude is interrupted when her mother and sister both decide to join her — and when a documentarian who 's interested in Rory 's trajectory from NHL player to soldier shows up in town . Click here to buy .
'War On Peace : The End of Diplomacy and the Decline of American Influence ' by Ronan Farrow In between writing the # MeToo stories that would eventually earn him a Pulitzer Prize in Public Service , journalist Ronan Farrow penned this groundbreaking book about U.S. foreign policy and the decline of the State Department . Click here to buy .
'You Think It , I 'll Say It ' by Curtis Sittenfeld 's new short story collection is just as sparkling and propulsive as her novels , Eligible , Prep , and American Wife . Sittenfeld has a unique ability to uncover and lay bare the hidden secrets and buried thoughts that lie within us all — or as the title indicates : you think it , she writes it . Click here to buy .
'The Feather Thief ' by Kirk Wallace Johnson A true crime novel about a heist involving dead rare birds ? It 's more fascinating than it sounds . When Kirk Wallace Johnson first learned about the 2009 heist while fly-fishing in New Mexico , it launched a years-long obsession and investigation that eventually led him to a shocking story about obsession , beauty , and justice . Click here to buy .
'Sky In The Deep ' by Adrienne Young Eelyn is a warrior . Just 17-years-old , she has grown accustomed to a brutal life : fight , survive , repeat . She 's accepted this — until the day she steps onto a battlefield and sees her brother in combat ... the brother she watched die five years ago . Click here to buy .
'Stay Sweet ' by Siobhan Vivian When Amelia returns to her summer job at Meade Creamery , she 's excited to finally be the stand 's `` Head Girl . '' But everything gets turned upside down with Molly Meade , the stand 's owner , dies unexpectedly . Amelia is forced to take the business into her own hands — with a little help from Molly 's grandnephew , Grady . Click here to buy .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
TOWIE 's Tommy Mallet has issued a cruel jibe at his co-stars Gemma Collins and James 'Arg ' Argent as their lingering glances and lusty behaviour reached fever pitch during last week 's filming .
And despite Gemma 's confidence that this one 's for keepsies , their castmates are less than certain of the pair 's suitability .
Now Tommy has revealed the reason why they should n't be together is because of their combined weight issues .
`` They should n't be together because all they do when they 're with each other is eaten , '' he told Reveal magazine .
( Image : WENN.com )
( Image : BBC )
His co-star James 'Lockie ' Lock agreed , branding Gemma a `` feeder '' after Arg confessed the size of the breakfasts Gemma whips up for him in the kitchen .
He told the TOWIE boys that she 'll regularly fry up six eggs with salmon for him , and make whopping meals when they have nights in at home .
It came after Arg revealed his body insecurities during the run-up to his full-frontal performance for ITV 's The Real Full Monty , refusing to strip off in the shower in front of the other male celebrities because he was embarrassed about his size .
( Image : Instagram )
( Image : Instagram )
He recently lost three stone while in rehab in Thailand last summer , but seemed to pile it all back on when he got home to his bad habits .
Gemma , meanwhile , has spoken openly of needing to shed the pounds in order to fulfil her dream of having a baby - which she wants to do with Arg .
In February this year , she said : `` I 'm doing this . Never felt so determined . So focused right now , sorry to all my friends - I 've told them no meals out or afternoon teas for a long time . ''
( Image : Getty )
( Image : ITV )
And sure enough , once Gemma put her mind to it she dropped off a stone in less than four weeks , turning away from faddy weight loss programmes like the juice diet and the grapefruit diet .
`` I 'm not saying I 'll get to a size ten but I do need to loose weight . For my health I would n't want to be bigger than I am now , '' she said .
But it might not be all plain sailing for Gemma 's baby plans .
In last weekend 's TOWIE episode , she revealed how Arg had fled to Spain after an explosive row - as their friends insisted he 's still not ready to become a dad .
( Image : Twitter )
( Image : gemmacollins1/Instagram )
She told Chloe Sims : `` Everything stops for James . We had a little bit of an argument and he went to Spain and said he was n't going to speak to me for four days . We are having a really bad time . ''
In response , Chloe warned Gemma that their baby plan is premature and that Arg is definitely not ready for fatherhood .
And Gemma 's bestie Bobby Norris added : `` With all these issues going on , sorry to say this , why on earth are you talking about kids now ? ''
Test Boost Elite Of all the tissue kinds in the human body , skeletal muscle might be the most adaptable . Human muscle increase is referred too now to be a sequence of complicated organic strategies that , happening at the tissue cellular 's molecular stage , includes a number of cell 'organelles ' ( mobile elements ) , and boom factors that offer the stimulation . simplest currently have scientists .
http : //t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
Stop trying to separate your work from your home life and learn to blend them together .
May 30 , 2018 2 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
In this video , Entrepreneur Network partner Peter Voogd breaks down why he hates the idea of `` balance '' between your work and home life . `` Balance '' implies a division between the two -- so that when you 're home , you should n't be working , and vice versa . For Voogd , it 's important to do what you love . So , there should n't be a problem slipping in some work activities on a vacation , or during an off-day , if you want to do it .
You never know when an opportunity will come along , or what might have been once you miss it . A single conversation could change the course of your life , which is why Voogd tries to explore every opportunity -- from spontaneous business trips to chat with strangers at the end of a long day .
Click play to learn more from Voogd on finding success .
Related : The Road Map to Success Is All About Your Values
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment , education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders . We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre .
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical . Watch video from our network partners on demand on Amazon Fire , Roku , Apple TV and the Entrepreneur App available on iOS and Android devices .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Blac Chyna has fired back at Kim Kardashian over the reality star 's Valentine 's Day 'hate list ' .
Kim stirred up controversy this week by shamelessly calling out of all her celebrity 'haters ' while promoting her new fragrances entitled Bae , BFF and Ride and Die .
The reality TV star , who recently welcomed her third child Chicago , put together a list of all the celebrities she 'd be gifting with her latest fragrances .
Sharing the list on Snapchat , Kim , 37 , revealed her selection of high profile names which were divided into three categories by coloured post-its - and Chyna was among them .
( Image : Instagram )
( Image : Instagram )
`` I 'm going to send them to my lovers , to my haters ... to everyone that I 'm thinking of because it 's Valentine 's Day after all , '' she announced .
Responding to Kim 's very public diss on Friday , Chyna has reportedly branded her 'cruel ' and a 'bully ' .
Sources close to the mum-of-two told TMZ that she 's annoyed that she was included on the list , saying she considers Kim a `` very cruel , huge bully '' who 's using `` Mean Girls '' tactics to promote her latest products .
( Image : Instagram/blacchyna )
As well as Rob Kardashian 's ex , Kim also listed Taylor Swif , Piers Morgan and Wendy Williams .
Bette Midler and Chloe Grace Moretz also made an appearance . Fans will remember Kim fell out with the actresses on Twitter after they dared criticise her naked selfies .
While on the 'nice list ' , with the pink post-it 's , were Kim 's showbiz pals Chrissy Teigen , Ciara and Paris Hilton - who is the new face of the Yeezy Season Six campaign .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man who stole his grandfather 's ashes - but is now refusing to tell his widowed grandmother what he was done with them .
Callum Carter also stole thousands of pounds from his grandmother along with his deceased grandfather 's wedding ring .
And he wo n't tell any of his family members what he has done with the treasured keepsakes .
After being estranged from his grandmother for a number of years , Callum Carter re-entered her life following the death of her husband – then stole more than £7,500 in savings and bingo winnings from her .
He also took the two personal items from her . But he wo n't tell the police what happened to them so officers can try to get them back , reports Wales Online .
( Image : South Wales Police )
Carter , 20 , of Goronwy Road , Townhill , Swansea , had previously pleaded guilty to theft when he appeared in the dock at Swansea Crown Court for sentencing .
The court heard his grandmother became a widow in 2014 , and in 2016 Carter came back into her life after a period of estrangement following family problems .
John Hipkin said Carter would regularly visit his grandmother with his partner and young child , something which meant a great deal to the woman .
However , when Carter claimed to be upstairs at her Waun Wen home playing computer games he was in fact repeatedly helping himself to money from her safe .
He knew his gran 's limited mobility meant she would be unable to get up the stairs quickly and catch him in the act .
( Image : Google Streetview )
The theft of the cash – some £7,500 made up of savings , her pension and winning from bingo – came to light in May this year , along with that of a ring belonging to his victim 's deceased husband , and a vial with his ashes .
The court heard details of an impact statement from the victim in which she said the visits from her grandson “ hugely cheered me up and brought me joy ” but the thefts by him left her feeling betrayed and devastated .
The statement continued : “ I feel ill , betrayed , and used by my own grandson , my own blood . Time and time again he stole from me . ”
( Image : Western Mail )
Mr Hipkin said despite repeated requests from lawyers and the police , Carter would not reveal what he had done with the ring and vial , so officers had been unable to trace them and return them .
The stolen money has all gone . It is thought much of it was gambled away .
David Singh , for Carter , acknowledged the thefts were “ mean and despicable ” , and said by carrying them out his client had “ destroyed his relationship with his family ” .
The court heard Carter has no previous convictions .
Judge Philip Harris-Jenkins told Carter his actions had been mean-spirited and spiteful , and he sentenced him to 19 months in a young offenders institution . He will serve half that time in custody .
Peterborough Phantoms ' home clash against London Raiders tonight ( December 10 ) was postponed after the visiting team refused to travel to the city .
The NIHL Division One South contest was called off earlier this afternoon over concerns for the safety of Raiders personnel in difficult driving conditions .
A statement released by Phantoms revealed : “ The decision has been made by the London Raiders ' management to cancel the game due to their players ' safety in travelling to Peterborough .
“ We appreciate this may cause some disappointment for the fans and we would like to extend our apologies to all the group bookings that were scheduled for the game . We will endeavour to make arrangements for a future game .
“ We will now be working with the league and London Raiders to reschedule the game . ”
The Raiders , who triumphed in their previous visit to Planet Ice last month , confirmed their stance in a statement .
It read : “ Having taken the advice of various highways agencies and traffic update services , the London Raiders regret that they will not be travelling to Peterborough to fulfil the league fixture .
“ This decision has been discussed with both the Peterborough management and the league management representative .
“ The roads appear to especially severely affected in the vicinity of Romford and Chelmsford , and the A12 , A120 and M11 routes required to exit Essex , not assisted by little evidence of road clearing or gritting .
“ This , combined with forecasts for continued inclement weather , suggests the return journey would be even more hazardous .
“ We extend our apologies to the fans , players and management of both teams and hope that a replacement fixture can be organised ASAP . ”
Phantoms do n't have another NIHL Division One South clash until entertaining Swindon on December 23 .
Their only game of next weekend is a lunchtime trip to Sheffield on Sunday ( December 17 ) in NIHL National Cup , Group B .
-File Photo
Bullion Rates ( Gold Prices ) in Pakistan Rupee ( PKR ) As on Tue , Dec 12 2017 .
Metal Symbol PKR
for 10 Gm PKR
for 1 Tola PKR
for 1 Ounce Gold 24K XAU 43,005 50,107 133,762 Palladium XPD 35,016 40,800 108,915 Platinum XPT 30,761 35,841 95,678 Silver XAG 545 635 1,695
Stater Bros. Markets ' corporate office and distribution center will be a destination point for PepsiCo 's fourth annual “ Rolling Remembrance ” relay . First started by PepsiCo in 2015 , Rolling Remembrance is an 8,000-plus mile long relay of an American flag from Seattle to New York to benefit the Children of Fallen Patriots Foundation . Using normal business routes , PepsiCo 's network of U.S. Military veteran drivers will pass off a flag to each other at different relay points .
The 8,000-mile relay is held in remembrance of military members who have lost their lives while serving the U.S. , and in honor of their surviving families .
The Rolling Remembrance , which benefits the Children of Fallen Patriots Foundation , will embark from Seattle , Washington and trek for more than 8,000 miles throughout the U.S. , concluding in White Plains , New York , on May 24 . During the relay 's stop at Stater Bros. in San Bernardino , California , on April 25 , Stater Bros . Charities and PepsiCo will present a $ 50,000 donation to the Children of Fallen Patriots Foundation .
“ Stater Bros. was founded by WWII veterans Cleo and Leo Stater and led by proud Navy veteran Jack H. Brown for over 30 years , ” the company said in a statement . “ Service to our great country is part of a rich legacy that we proudly honor , celebrate and continue to support today . The company takes great pride in honoring our nation 's heroes and is especially proud to be able to provide educational opportunities to the children of those who lost their lives defending the liberty and freedoms we enjoy today . ”
Since its inception , Stater Bros . Charities has raised funds to provide support for veterans and active military members .
Since 2002 , Children of Fallen Patriots Foundation has provided more than $ 21 million in total assistance , including college scholarships , supplemental grants and educational counseling , to more than 1,000 military children who have lost a parent in the line of duty . Nearly 20,000 children from all across America will need future assistance .
Keep reading :
With years of experience in crafting the most lifelike , durable and realistic archery targets in the industry , Rinehart Targets is pleased to introduce the new Pyramid Target .
If you 're looking for the best , lightweight and portable archery target , the Rinehart Pyramid Target is the answer . Whether you 're wanting to shoot the bow in the backyard or you 're in need of a convenient camp target to make sure your setup shoot true before the hunt , the Pyramid will suit your needs perfectly .
“ We 're very excited about the introduction of the Pyramid Target , ” stated James McGovern , President of Rinehart Targets . “ It 's the ideal product for archers looking for a versatile and portable shooting option , all at a great price point . ”
This target features four shooting sides , all within an easy-carry design . The Pyramid Target is made of 100 percent Rinehart Signature Series Foam to ensure a long-lasting product with even the heaviest of use . The target features the Minute of Angle ( MOA ) grid , which allows for easy and effective adjustment of an archer 's sight or a crossbow shooter 's scope .
The highly visible target zones on the Pyramid allow shooters to practice in low-light conditions without a doubt in their mind on where the bull's-eye lives .
The New Rinehart Pyramid Target Is an Archer 's and Crossbow Shooter 's Dream
FEATURES :
Lightweight
Extreme Portability
Solid Signature Series Foam
Easy-Carry Handle
SPECS :
MSRP : $ 69.99
Weight : 7 pounds
Dimensions : 14 inches high and 18 inches wide
About Rinehart Targets :
Since 1999 Rinehart Targets has been manufacturing the best 3D archery targets on the market , and Rinehart expanded their offerings with the introduction of the Doloma Decoys . A combination of quality , durability and unique offerings makes all Rinehart products one of a kind and true in both scale and detail thanks to Rinehart 's award-winning team of wildlife sculptors . Rinehart 's diverse target line has been extremely well received by all levels of archery shooters and will continue to introduce cutting-edge technology in the future .
More exciting news from :
The Thermacell Mosquito Repellent Lantern effectively repels mosquitoes and other biting insects in a 15 x 15-foot zone . It has no open flames , operates on a single butane cartridge , and is perfect for a deck , porch or campsite . It averages 4 out of 5 stars on Amazon and is currently discounted to $ 31.46 . See it now on Amazon .
This story , `` 21 % off ThermaCELL Mosquito Repellent Pest Control Outdoor and Camping Lantern - Deal Alert '' was originally published by TechConnect .
As I am preparing to leave Japan , I asked some Hiroshima locals about their favourite konbini products .
And , the people have spoken !
Matt Mangham ( GetHiroshima writer and author of the ‘ Matt 's Moment column ) : I had to ask Matt because his column , Matt 's Moment is perhaps my favourite thing ( and the first thing I read ! ) in each edition of the GetHiroshima Magazine .
Anyway , I was very lucky that he actually replied to my email as he 's too famous for interviews and rarely grants them . His publicist said no to any photos that are n't approved by him and so we decided to forgo that and just focus on what he told me .
The inside scoop is : he favours the wasabi kakipi [ わさびピー柿ピー ] mix from 7-Eleven and Yebisu Beer . He said he gets particularly excited about Yebisu Beer 's limited releases and that the ones done by Joël Robuchon have been quite nice , though he 's not entirely certain just what a Joël Robuchon is .
Nevertheless , I told him that I agreed because it 's beer and that 's always a good thing , right ?
Goto Izumi ( Deep Hiroshima columnist , owner of Organ-za and all-round creative soul ) : Due to her wild and crazy work schedule and commitments , I was n't able to hear back from Izumi-san in time for this week 's column , but I do remember her telling me on the night of the first Deep Hiroshima Salon show that she was worried about my love for konbini food as it was n't all that healthy . I know she eats it sometimes because she told me she does , but the verdict was out on her favourite product at that time . When she does tell me , I 'll be sure to let you all know .
BOM ( The owner of Koba and Hiroshima 's real tourism ambassador ) : When I asked BOM what his favourite konbini product was , he said he does n't go to konbini much but often buys ham sandwiches when he 's drunk ( yes , they were his exact words ! ) .
From his wording , I was n't sure if he meant he 's often drunk or just that if , on the off-chance , he is drunk , it 's ham sandwiches that he buys often .
Judging from his answer that he likes buying beer and the Suntory Horoyoi brand Peach Flavour , I 'm guessing the former .
JJWalsh ( GetHiroshima Co-founder ) : JJ is a Family Mart fan and loves their walnut bread rolls .
My best friend , Shintaro ( ‘ Shin ' ) Fukuhara ( Language extraordinaire ) : My best friend and I have a tradition of meeting up in the morning and heading to our ‘ Konbini of the Day ' ( usually 7-Eleven to be honest ! ) . We then take our lunch and sit in Peace Memorial Park to eat it .
Shin said he has a sandwich addiction and that he loves 7-Eleven ones the best . He said he especially loves the hamu-katsu sando [ ハムカツサンド ] but he hardly ever finds it now . He does n't know if they 've stopped making it or not ( just like that missing anpan… no , I 'm never going to let that go or get over such a traumatic experience ) .
He went on to say : “ I miss it so much . Sometimes I find hamu-katsu sando at Family Mart . Then I feel so happy . ”
Thanks , my best mate and soul brother for answering my konbini question . I 'll have to shout you a sandwich before I leave .
Me mum ( yes , sometimes that 's how us Aussies speak . Yes , we know it 's incorrect English ! ) : Yes , I realise my mum is n't a local , but I figured we needed at least one international opinion .
I knew what my mum was going to say .
Her favourite product hands-down , is the tuna and mayonnaise onigiri [ おにぎり ] rice ball from 7-Eleven . She ate at least one , sometimes two of these a day when she came to visit . I tried to convince her to try another flavour , but she 's a stubborn woman and she would not budge . She now makes her own version at home in Australia too .
Her parting comment in her email was , “ Remember I used to open it incorrectly and end up throwing away the nori ? ”
Yes , Mum , I do .
From what everyone told me , I must conclude a few things .
Firstly , I need to get myself to 7-Eleven and buy a ham sandwich ( or the hamu-katsu ) if I can find it , because obviously , it 's a winner . If I get drunk first , maybe it will taste even better , hey BOM ?
Secondly , 7-Eleven looks like it 's the Number One choice of konbini for the people I asked . I used to agree with them , but as you know , I 've had a complicated , ‘ relationship , ' with FM ( Family Mart ) and I 've decided I 'm more of a single gal . I do n't want to be tied down to one konbini .
So , with that parting thought , I 'm off to visit my konbini of choice ( for the moment , anyway ! )
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Kieron Richardson has revealed he suffers from `` parent guilt '' when it comes to his children Chase and Phoebe - but he already wants more .
The Hollyoaks star and his husband Carl Hyland became fathers to twins four and a half months ago .
And Kieron has confessed , while it 's `` magical and amazing '' , bringing up two babies at the same time has n't been so easy .
Speaking exclusively to Mirror Celeb , he told us : `` It goes so quick and no one can prepare you for all the cliche things , like it 's so tiring but magical and amazing .
`` The thing I struggle with most is parent guilt , because there 's two of them and they 're only little , I always want them in my arms .
`` For safety , you can only hold one of them . You ca n't really have one in each arm , your arms start to hurt as well , so there 's always one in the Cocoonababy or the Moses basket .
`` So I 'll be like , ' I 've had 5 minutes with you , ' and then have to swap babies .
`` I always feel guilty . ''
( Image : Instagram )
Despite his guilt , Kieron admitted he 's already feeling broody for more children .
He said : `` I want more already .
`` I feel like , because we 've literally been thrown in the deep end with two , having one would be like a walk in the park .
`` I know it 's not , but because we 've started with two now it 's easier . ''
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
First thing 's first . Before we get inundated with angry tweets from Arsenal 's army of keyboard warriors , let us be clear : no-one is suggesting that the current Arsenal side is better than the Arsenal Invincibles . That would be insane .
The Gunners squad of 2003/04 - the players who went unbeaten throughout an entire Premier League season - is rightly lauded as the greatest Arsenal team there has ever been . Thierry Henry , Robert Pires , Patrick Vieira et al were a uniquely brilliant group of superstars , and the idea that the current crop are on the same level as those legends is clearly ludicrous .
HOWEVER…
( Photo : Getty )
Arsene Wenger 's current team are once again being hammered by all and sundry , labelled a bunch of flakes who simply do n't possess the winning mentality of the great title-winning Arsenal sides .
Following crushing defeats to Watford and Chelsea , the last word many people would use to describe the current Arsenal squad is `` winners '' .
( Photo : Arsenal via Getty )
That is precisely why this chart will leave the jaws of plenty of Arsenal fans on the floor .
Prepare to be amazed…
Best ever Arsenal win percentages All competitions
Look closely at that table and you will see that Arsenal have won 64 % of all the games they have played this season .
Remarkably , that is the joint third best win percentage from ANY season in the club 's ENTIRE history , and the second best since Wenger took charge ( behind only 2001/02 ) .
Even more remarkably , it makes this an actual fact :
Percentage of matches won Arsenal , 2016-17 64 % Arsenal , 2003-04 63 % All competitions
So , while Arsenal are clearly not going to win the league - and are VERY clearly not going to go through an entire league season unbeaten - they are currently on course to win more of their matches than the Invincibles of 2003/04 .
A moot point , perhaps - after all , today 's team certainly LOSE more matches than the team of the past .
But still… it does help to put the outrage over Arsenal 's from this season into some sort of perspective . Is n't that right , Arsene ?
Made possible by our sponsors : Coldwell Banker Executive Realty , Midwest Energy , Nex-Tech Wireless , Northwestern Printers and RE/MAX Pro .
Planning a yard sale this weekend ? Submit your weekend garage sale listings to Hays Post . Submissions will be compiled and published FREE on Friday and Saturday via HaysPost.com and social media . Simply fill out and submit the form below by noon Wednesday !
TIPS on having a GREAT garage sale !
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
2015 Rugby World Cup champions New Zealand provide a daunting challenge for the British & Irish Lions this summer .
The Lions ' only Test series triumph against the All Blacks was in 1971 , with six wins , three draws and 29 defeats in the record books .
Head Coach Warren Gatland , who guided the Lions to a 2-1 series last time out Down Under in 2013 against Australia , has the tricky task of assembling his best line-up for the job for the 10-match tour .
( Photo : AFP )
SQUAD ANNOUNCEMENT
Gatland will name is 37-man Lions squad on Wednesday April 19 at the Hilton London Syon Park Hotel .
Graham Rowntree ( Harlequins ) and Neil Jenkins ( Wales ) joined the coaching team earlier this month having served on the staff during the victorious 2013 campaign . They join fellow coaches Steve Borthwick , Andy Farrell and Rob Howley .
WHEN DOES IT START ?
The tour begins on June 3 against the New Zealand Provincial Barbarians in Whangarei
A 10-match schedule will see the Lions play at seven different venues . Auckland 's Eden Park , the venue for New Zealand 's 2011 Rugby World Cup final triumph , will stage two out of the three Lions Tests .
( Photo : Getty )
WHO Is THE FAVOURITES ?
Unsurprisingly the World champion All Blacks lead the way . ( odds courtesy of SkyBET )
New Zealand - 2/9
British & Irish Lions - 100/30
Drawn Series - 28-1
( Photo : Getty )
HOW MUCH DO TICKETS COST ?
They are n't cheap . Tickets for the three Tests range from £79-£239 , while the other matches cost from £20-£70 .
Due to accommodation prices spiralling out of control in host cities , New Zealand rugby fans have created an initiative to host British & Irish Lions fans who have struggled to book accommodation .
CAN WE WATCH IT ON T.V ?
Rugby fans can catch all the action live on Sky Sports and Sky Sports HD . For those without Sky , Talksport will be providing live UK radio commentary of all 10 tour matches including the Tests . Sadly people with terrestrial T.V will be missing out from the sofa , with no highlights or internet streaming outside of Sky 's coverage planned for broadcast .
Through the lens of Greek immigrant Niko J. Kallianiotis , the residents and facades of Scranton and its surrounding areas got their close-up .
The Old Forge photographer and professor at Marywood and Drexel universities highlights much of what he observes in Northeast Pennsylvania in his ongoing pictoral series , “ America in a Trance , ” which has been featured on Vice.com , PBS and Esquire.com .
Kallianiotis grew up in Athens but came to the United States in the late 1970s when his father moved to New York City to pursue a doctorate . The elder Kallianiotis transitioned to NEPA around 1991 to teach economics at University of Scranton , and his son split his time between residences in West Scranton and Greece , where his mother , an artist , continued to live .
Niko J. Kallianiotis completed high school in Europe but earned his bachelor 's degree in fine arts and later a master 's in photography from Marywood as well as a master 's degree in fine arts in photography , video and related media from the School of Visual Arts in New York in 2013 .
It was during his graduate studies and an early thesis project called “ Bittersweet Apple ” that Kallianiotis began to examine his emotional response to feeling like what he called an “ outsider with an insider 's perspective , ” particularly as he contrasted the Greek neighborhoods in Astoria , New York , with the true Greek enclaves he knew across the ocean . His documentary-style photographs evolved as he began “ America in a Trance ” in 2015 , which mainly aimed the camera at Scranton and other small towns across Pennsylvania to look at the settings that made up his American assimilation .
“ It 's a very personal project , ” said Kallianiotis , 43 . “ I tend to work in areas I care about and am familiar with , like my back yard , to feel the connection with the land and the people .
“ I 've lived half my life here . When you 're in Europe , your exposure to the United States is through Hollywood . ... Even in New York , it 's still fiction and fantasy . In Pennsylvania , you start thinking of other things . Economy and survival . For me , evaluating objects through my photos , it 's a diary , a visual anthology . ”
A former freelancer for newspapers , including The Citizens ' Voice and The Times Leader in Wilkes-Barre , and papers in Coshocton , Ohio , and Watertown , New York , Kallianitios travels light when he shoots , carrying only his camera and often snapping from his car or street corners . Nothing is manipulated or posed , and he looks for contemporary ruins of dilapidated buildings or factories as well as signs of life in bustling residential streets and local people he captures going about their lives .
He focuses almost all of his work on exteriors and shoots from a distance , and when he posts to his social media pages , he never names exactly where he is . For eagle-eyed NEPA natives , however , he does n't have to .
“ The gap between rural and metro America is intergalactic , but I hope my photography enhances conversations and closes that gap and unites in a way , ” Kallianiotis said . “ I 'm honored to be published ... but the most rewarding ( response ) is people who message or email me who are from this area who know where I was . They have memories and feelings of it . ”
The project changed over the last two years as a result of the type of photojournalism he noticed coming out of NEPA and other Rust Belt areas during the presidential election . Media outlets who visited for “ in-and-out jobs ” often painted caricatures of the region , which did n't sit well with Kallianiotis and made his mission that much clearer : to present an honest representation of local life .
“ The project is about me , but not in an egotistical way . It 's about pushing myself to make something different from other photographers and find a way to assimilate through pictures , ” he said . “ I love the area . I relate more to the people . But I put politics and culture aside . Photographically speaking , this area is very rich in material . The aesthetic that is in this project is very organic .
“ I remember the area 20 years ago . There 's a consistency to how things look the same , but at the same time there 's uncertainty . What will happen to the diners ? To the drive-ins ? To the businesses ? ”
While he continues to teach photography to college students and work as a freelancer for outlets like The New York Times , Kallianiotis has plans to publish a “ prelude book ” of his work , a first volume of “ America in a Trance , ” by January . The project has no true end in sight , he noted , since there is always more to learn and see .
“ I 'm proud of this project and enjoy doing it because it 's open-ended and open-minded , ” he said . “ The ultimate question is , ‘ Where are we going ? ' The pictures are about asking questions and experiencing our town and our state . Photography , at its core , is discovering your environment , and yourself through it . ”
Contact the writer : pwilding @ timesshamrock.com ; 570-348-9100 x5369 ; @ pwildingTT on Twitter
Meet Niko J. Kallianiotis
Age : 43
At home : Grew up in Athens , Greece , and West Scranton , but now lives in Old Forge with his girlfriend , Maria Voytko . He is the son of John and Katerina Kallianiotis .
At work : Professor of photography at Marywood University , Scranton , and Drexel University , Philadelphia , as well as a freelance photojournalist for The New York Times .
View his work
Visit his website , nikokallianiotis . com , or his Instagram page , @ njkphoto . Upcoming exhibitions include Freyberger Gallery at Penn State Berks , Reading , opening Thursday , Jan. 11 , and James Kerney Campus Gallery at Mercer County Community College , Trenton , New Jersey , with a reception and artist talk Wednesday , April 18 .
Artist 's statement
on ‘ America in a Trance '
“ I always considered myself , and still do , an outsider with an insider 's perspective . In 2015 , I started this project , exploring and responding as I travel through towns and cities across the state of Pennsylvania , a once prosperous and vibrant region where the notion of small-town values and sustainable small businesses thrived under the sheltered wings of American Industry . A mode to promote American values , industrialism provided a place where immigrants from tattered European countries crossed the Atlantic for a better future . An immigrant and naturalized citizen myself , I had always perceived the U.S. differently , mostly from the big screen Hollywood experience and the adventures of Harley-Davidson and the Marlboro Man .
The past few years , my project has been unintentionally influenced by current events . In Pennsylvania , and throughout the Rust Belt , these former industrial areas transformed into political stages with visual caricatures and photographs that lacked the empathy and understanding of the place . Coming from another country , this visual representation was a vulgar spectacle , which in a way enhanced and influenced my response . This project is an ongoing observation of the fading American dream so typified in the Northeastern Pennsylvania landscape , but widespread across the United States . The work is a product of love , for both the state and country I have called home for the last two decades . It is not political statement , but it 's about the experience of being there , showing you what I see , but mostly what I feel . I search for images that reflect , question and interpret life in the towns and cities across the Keystone State . ”
Fights at practice between a team 's offense and defense are a normal part of any NFL offseason , but this one came just a little bit ahead of schedule .
Today at the Carolina Panthers ' mandatory minicamp the offense and defense clashed on more than one occasion and several players had to be separated to prevent a brawl from breaking out .
The events started with a more spirited than usual kind of practice :
This is a great , competitive practice . Hoo yeah . — Jourdan Rodrigue ( @ JourdanRodrigue ) June 14 , 2017
Things came to a head when cornerback Captain Munnerlyn got into quarterback Derek Anderson 's grill .
Jeremy Igo from Carolina Huddle tells the tale :
Derek Anderson struggled to find an open receiver . . . Typically when this happens , the Carolina Panthers defense will let up and allow the quarterback to make a throw . . . Captain Munnerlyn had different plans . Instead of giving Anderson room to throw , Munnerlyn smothered Anderson giving him no room to move . The play ended with a frustrated Anderson throwing the ball at the feet of Munnerlyn . Words were exchanged , shoves were given by both sides , and arms begin flailing as the two exchanged not-so-pleasantries with one another .
That was n't the only scuffle at today 's practice , either .
At another point later on , linebacker Thomas Davis and quarterback Cam Newton got into a war of words :
Thomas Davis and Cam in an ongoing yelling match . Training camp could be interesting . — Joe Person ( @ josephperson ) June 14 , 2017
It seems the tension may have been mostly the result of frustration on the part of the offense .
Accounts of the day 's practice show that the defense made several big plays :
Kuechly made an amazing tip on a ball intended for Curtis Samuel . Just enough finger on it to alter the ball . PS . Luke is fast . — Jeremy Igo ( @ CarolinaHuddle ) June 14 , 2017
Nice few breakups by Worley , Bradberry and a diving pick from the latter . Then Corn gets some action on the outside and knocks one down . — Jourdan Rodrigue ( @ JourdanRodrigue ) June 14 , 2017
James Bradberry with a nice diving interception of Derek Anderson . With one arm in a cast . — Joe Person ( @ josephperson ) June 14 , 2017
Carolina 's defense is trying to re-establish itself as one of the league 's best after a dismal 2016 season . That they 're playing this chippy in June could be a sign they 're on the right path .
Marx , Robotics and the Collapse of Profits by Charles Hugh Smith – Of Two Minds
Whatever commoditized robots can produce is no longer profitable ; rather , the production destroys capital .
Yesterday I discussed how robots only do work that 's profitable , as any enterprise buying , programming and maintaining robots to do unprofitable work will soon be out of business .
What few observers seem to grasp is that automation goes through two distinct stages of profitability : when robots/automation first replace high-cost human workers , profits soar . Observers then draw projections based on the belief that these initial profits will continue essentially forever .
But this initial boost phase of profits gushing from automation is short-lived ; as the tools of automation are themselves commoditized and become available to anyone on the planet with some capital and ambition , lower cost automated competitors come to market , destroying the pricing power of the first adopter .
Once an enterprise is competing only with other automated enterprises , profits fall to near-zero as lower cost competitors emerge . Competitive advantages are small once a field has been commoditized/globalized , and there is little pricing power left except for brands that establish some cache people will pay extra to have and hold .
But everything that 's been commoditized will no longer be profitable , as the competitive advantage of replacing human workers with robots vanishes once competitors have also replaced their human workers with robots .
Karl Marx described this dynamic of profits cratering and then vanishing in the 19th century . Marx described the consequences of over-investment in commoditized production and the resulting over-capacity : when anyone with access to investors or credit can buy the same machinery—that is , the machines are interchangeable commodities such as sewing machines , power looms , etc.–the capacity to produce rises as every competitor attempts to lower the unit cost of each product by producing more .
loading ...
Sharing is caring !
Real Madrid says reports of Mbappe deal 'completely false '
Associated Press FOLLOW NEWS News 51 // 04 Jul 2018 , 19:53 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
MADRID ( AP ) — Real Madrid has denied reaching an agreement to sign France forward Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain .
The Spanish club released a statement Wednesday calling reports of an agreement between Madrid and PSG `` completely false . ''
Madrid says it `` has not made any offer to PSG or the player and condemns the spreading of this type of information that has not been proven by the parties concerned . ''
The denial comes two days after Madrid dismissed a report that it had offered to buy Neymar from PSG for a world record transfer of 310 million euros ( $ 360 million ) .
It said the report by Spanish public broadcaster TVE was `` absolutely untrue . ''
PSG is under pressure from UEFA to raise cash from selling players . The French club needs to comply with `` Financial Fair Play '' rules which monitor overspending on transfers and wages .
PSG spent a record 222 million euros ( $ 260 million ) last year to buy Neymar from Barcelona .
UEFA warned the French champions three weeks ago they will `` remain under close scrutiny '' when they submit accounts for the financial year , which ended last Saturday .
Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo hinted after the Champions League final that he may leave the Spanish club . He has not talked about his club future since joining Portugal for the World Cup .
Five years ago , the idea of Kim Kardashian and Donald Trump posing for a photo in the Oval Office would have seemed patently absurd , and yet here we are . Kardashian visited the White House Wednesday to talk prison reform with the president , who subsequently posted a photo of the two on Twitter .
`` Great meeting with @ KimKardashian today , talked about prison reform and sentencing , '' President Trump tweeted . Kardashian has been lobbying Trump to pardon Alice Marie Johnson , a 63-year-old great-grandmother serving life in prison for helping to facilitate a drug deal , and it 's believed that she discussed Johnson 's case with her fellow reality TV star during the Wednesday visit .
Vanity Fair reports that Kardashian 's visit with Trump was the result of months of backchannel talks between the two camps ( and , additionally , that White House staffers `` joked '' amongst each other about which one would get to escort Kardashian around the West Wing ) . Kardashian has been in talks with Trump 's son-in-law and top adviser Jared Kushner about Johnson 's case ; according to Vanity Fair , Kushner became an advocate of sentencing reform after his father was sent to prison for witness tampering .
It remains unclear precisely what Kardashian and Trump discussed — or whether the president plans to pardon Johnson .
Johnson 's incarceration has long been held up by prison reform advocates as a textbook example of the criminal justice system 's shortcomings . After suffering a series of tragedies in her personal life , Johnson assumed a minor role in a drug trafficking operation in the 1990s ; since her conviction , she 's said that she was involved in relaying code words between other drug dealers , but never set up any deals or handled drugs herself .
During the trial , 10 of Johnson 's co-conspirators testified against her , and in exchange , they received prison sentences ranging from no time to 10 years . Johnson , however , was sentenced to life in prison for the nonviolent offense , despite having no previous drug charges . She appealed to the Obama administration for clemency on three separate occasions , but was denied every time .
Kardashian , meanwhile , learned about Johnson 's case after viewing a short video about it produced by Mic , which she retweeted to her 59 million Twitter followers in October . Since then , she 's hired celebrity attorney Shawn Holley to fight for Johnson 's freedom , and has reportedly been speaking with both Kushner and Ivanka Trump about the possibility of Trump pardoning Johnson .
Kardashian is n't alone in taking up Johnson 's cause . The ACLU has cited her imprisonment in its calls for sentencing reform , while Can Do Clemency placed Johnson at the top of its list of incarcerated women who deserve clemency . In addition , a petition demanding Johnson 's clemency has gathered over 265,000 signatures as of this writing at Change.org .
In a letter that TMZ published in May , Johnson expressed profound gratitude to Kardashian for her efforts .
`` There are no words strong enough to express my deep and heartfelt gratitude , '' Johnson wrote . `` Ms. Kardashian , you are quite literally helping to save my life and restore me to my family . I was drowning and you have thrown me a life jacket , and given me hope that this Life jacket I 'm serving may one day be taken off . ''
Although Trump and Kardashian reportedly discussed Johnson 's case on Wednesday , the White House has been tight-lipped as to whether the president intends to grant her clemency . But in an interview with Mic , Kardashian said that she 'll `` do whatever it takes to get her out , '' and said that she intends to fight for other inmates ' freedom as well .
“ Where I 'm at in my life right now , just like , to go and spend my money buying material things just does n't satisfy me the way that it used to , ” Kardashian said . “ To save someone 's life and do that once a year , then that would make [ my ] heart fuller . ”
Is The Warning That Creatine 's Not For Teens Getting Through ?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Tara Moore/Getty Images Tara Moore/Getty Images
Creatine , a chemical constituent of meat and fish that 's legally been sold online , in supermarkets , health food stores and vitamin shops for at least a couple of decades , may be the most commonly used muscle-building supplement marketed .
But the safety and effectiveness of creatine has n't been rigorously analyzed by the Food and Drug Administration in the way that drugs are evaluated . And while proponents argue that the supplement 's long history of use by many athletes suggests it 's relatively safe for healthy adults , pediatricians warn that it 's unclear whether the supplement might harm the growing muscles and bones of kids and teens . That has n't been studied .
The American Academy of Pediatrics specifically recommends against its use by adolescents , and most of the flavored powders , tablets , energy bars and drink mixes containing creatine bear warning labels that the supplement is not recommended for anyone under 18 .
Even so , use of the supplement among teens seems to be rising , particularly among young male athletes . Researchers at the Steven and Alexandra Cohen Children 's Medical Center of New York wondered whether retailers were appropriately cautioning high schoolers and middle schoolers not to take the stuff .
So they did a little survey : A 20-year-old undergraduate , a member of the research team , called 244 health food stores across the U.S. , posing as a 15-year-old football player seeking to increase his muscle strength . In each phone call he asked workers at the stores for their recommendations about which , if any supplements he should take .
More than two thirds of the sales associates recommended creatine to the caller — despite the label clearly warning against its use by young people . The researchers published their findings in in the February 2017 issue of the journal , Pediatrics .
`` The biggest concern for teens is the potential impurity of the supplement , '' says Dr. Michelle LaBotz , a pediatrician in private practice who specializes in sports medicine and co-authored the cautionary position paper on creatine for the American Academy of Pediatrics Council on Sports Medicine & Fitness .
Because the FDA only lightly regulates dietary supplements , LaBotz explains , the purity of these creatine products can not be assured ; some have been found to be contaminated with other substances , including testosterone , which can impair a child 's ability to grow and develop bone .
The body is an `` amazing machine which functions , for the most part , beautifully on its own , '' says Dr. Ruth Lynn Milanaik , who led the study .
`` There 's no need to rush the game of muscle mass , which can be added slowly and healthfully through clean living , a good diet and exercise , '' Milanaik tells Shots .
LaBotz says a solid , strength training program can increase a teen 's strength by 30 percent or more in 12 weeks , and is far more effective than taking creatine .
Milanaik says her findings should be considered a `` call to arms '' for parents , coaches , pediatricians and retailers , to address and discuss potential risk of supplement use , especially with adolescent athletes .
BOSTON -- U.S. Sen. Ed Markey , D-Mass. , on Monday promoted a bill that would limit the U.S. president 's ability to use nuclear weapons .
Markey and U.S. Rep. Ted Lieu , D-Calif. , have introduced legislation that would prevent the president from launching a first nuclear strike -- one not in response to a nuclear attack -- without a declaration of war by Congress .
`` No president should have the power to launch a nuclear first strike without congressional approval , '' Markey said at a Boston press conference . `` Such a strike would be immoral , disproportionate and would expose the U.S. to the threat of devastating nuclear retaliation that could endanger the survival of the American people and human civilization . ''
Markey introduced the bill amid growing tension between the White House and North Korea . North Korea has been testing missiles it says are capable of hitting the U.S. , and has threatened to fire missiles near the U.S. territory of Guam . There is evidence that North Korea has been developing a nuclear missile .
U.S. President Donald Trump said if North Korea threatens the U.S. , it will `` face fire and fury like the world has never seen . '' Trump tweeted that the U.S. nuclear arsenal `` is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before . ''
Markey 's bill would not limit the president 's authority to launch a nuclear strike in response to a nuclear attack . But it would require congressional approval before a president launches a nuclear strike pre-emptively .
Because the Constitution gives Congress the power to declare war , Markey argued , allowing the president to initiate nuclear war unilaterally `` is unconstitutional , undemocratic and simply unbelievable . '' Markey said if enemies of the U.S. believe the U.S. may use nuclear weapons in response to a conventional attack , those countries will feel pressure to build up their nuclear arsenals .
A strong critic of Trump , Markey said the Republican president 's inflammatory rhetoric heightens the risk of war . `` No human being should have the sole authority to initiate an unprovoked nuclear war , not the American president and certainly not Donald Trump , '' Markey said .
Markey said he plans to lead a congressional delegation to South Korea , China and Japan in the near future .
Markey held the press conference at the JFK Federal Building in Boston alongside Kathy Robinson , interim director of the Washington office of Women 's Action for New Directions , a pro-peace advocacy group that works toward nuclear disarmament and reducing the use of the military .
`` It 's outrageous any president would have sole authority even when Congress has the constitutional role of declaring war , '' Robinson said . `` It 's terrifying when thinking of this president having the authority , who lacks boundaries of appropriate behavior . ''
( Yonhap )
Kia Motors , South Korea 's second largest auto manufacturer , is waiting to seal an agreement with the Indian government to build its fifth overseas factory there , the automaker said Tuesday. “ For the most part , reports ( of the fifth factory ) released so far are true . We will soon sign an investment agreement with the Indian government , ” said Hyundai Motor Group spokesperson.Earlier in the day , India-based news outlet the Economic Times reported that the new plant will be located in India 's southeastern state of Andhra Pradesh.Kia Motors will first invest 60 billion rupees ( $ 929.8 million ) in the plant that will produce 300,000 vehicles annually from 2019.Depending on the market conditions , the automaker will later decide whether to invest an additional 40 billion rupees to expand the facility to produce a total of 600,000 units , the India-based news outlet reported.There have been reports of the automaker seeking to secure a factory in India since 2014. “ We are in the process of selecting a site and we can begin construction anytime , ” Kia Motors CEO Park Han-woo said in February.Kia Motors has recently been hit by a series of unfortunate events , such as THAAD-related tensions slashing the firm 's March sales in China by 68 percent on-year alongside recalls ordered at home and in North America due to defective engine parts.By Kim Bo-gyung ( lisakim425 @ heraldcorp.com
Recently we saw that the newly launched OnePlus 5T received the OxygenOS 4.7.4 that brings the much-needed camera improvements to the device . Now , it looks like the device and its predecessor are in need of another update to fix one of the issues that the users are facing .
As per a member of the OnePlus forum whatthefunk via TheVerge , both the OnePlus 5 and OnePlus 5T do not have the Widevine Level 1 Certification that is mandatory to stream specific DRM protected content in HD . Eventually , the video streaming apps such as Netflix , Amazon Video and Google Play Movies will not be able to stream HD videos on these smartphones .
Given that these smartphones from OnePlus support Widevine Level 3 currently , it is unable for users to stream videos in HD from these popular apps mentioned above . However , YouTube can stream videos in HD on the OnePlus 5 and OnePlus 5T .
The sole purpose of launching the OnePlus 5T while its predecessor was barely five months old is to give the consumers a flagship level smartphone with a 6-inch AMOLED display with 18:9 aspect ratio . With this display , if the consumers can not enjoy HD videos via specific apps , then it will definitely be a disappointment for many .
Regarding the same , a OnePlus spokesman states that the company will roll out a future update to the OnePlus 5T to add the Widevine Level 1 certification . But there is no information on when exactly the update will be disseminated . Also , there is no clarification so as to why the OnePlus 5 and OnePlus 5T were launched without this certification as these are the current flagship models .
With that said , we need to wait for not one but two updates to the rolled out to the OnePlus 5T , the latest one from the company . One update will bring the Widevine Level 1 certification while the other one will upgrade the smartphone to Android Oreo beta .
Michigan Doctor Charged With Performing Female Genital Mutilation On Girls
A Michigan emergency room doctor has been charged with performing female genital mutilation on multiple girls of about the age of seven .
The Department of Justice says it believes this is the first case brought under a federal law that criminalizes the practice , which is widely condemned as both harmful to the physical and mental health of women and girls and a violation of their human rights .
`` Female genital mutilation constitutes a particularly brutal form of violence against women and girls . It is also a serious federal felony in the United States , '' Daniel Lemisch , acting U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan , said in a statement . `` The practice has no place in modern society and those who perform FGM on minors will be held accountable under federal law . ''
Jumana Nagarwala , 44 , was also charged with `` transportation with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity '' — a reference to FGM — and making false statements to a federal officer .
The criminal complaint says federal agents documented that two girls were transported by two women across state lines to a medical clinic in Livonia , Mich . Documents show Nagarwala is not employed at this clinic nor is there any record of her billings there .
The children were told it was a `` 'special ' girls trip , '' according to court documents . The first victim told federal agents that she underwent a procedure `` to get the germs out '' of her , and she identified Nagarwala in a photograph as the doctor who performed the operation . A medical examination performed under a search warrant found that her `` labia minora has been altered or removed , and her clitoral hood is also abnormal in appearance . ''
There are multiple types of FGM , including altering or removing the clitoris , labia minora and/or majora . Right groups condemn it as an attempt to control the sexuality of women — which is also how many of its proponents justify it .
The second victim who described her ordeal in the complaint said she screamed as Nagarwala gave her a `` shot '' that `` hurt really badly . '' The girl said she could `` barely walk '' after the procedure , and that her parents `` told her that the procedure is a secret and that she is not supposed to talk about it . ''
FGM is practiced in dozens of countries , most commonly in Africa , but also in parts of the Middle East , Eastern Europe and South America . It is not restricted to members of a single faith ; according to the U.N. 's Population Fund , it is practiced by some Muslim groups , `` some Christians , Ethiopian Jews , and followers of certain traditional African religions . '' That 's why the U.N. views it as a cultural practice , rather than a religious one .
Local Child Protective Services personnel working with investigators then spoke with `` multiple minor girls '' who said Nagarwala had operated on their genitals .
Nagarwala told a federal officer that she `` had never performed FGM on any minor children '' and that `` she was not involved in any FGM procedures , '' court documents state . Her lawyer , Shannon Smith , declined to comment to NPR .
Nagarwala made an initial appearance Thursday at the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan , and remained temporarily detained ahead of a hearing on Monday .
The New York Times reports that she has been placed on administrative leave from Detroit 's Henry Ford Hospital , according to David Olejarz , a spokesman for the Henry Ford Health System .
× Police investigating Washington Park homicide
WASHINGTON PARK , IL – The Illinois State Police are investigating a homicide that occurred in Washington Park Tuesday night . Police say the fatal shooting happened around 11:45 pm in the parking lot of the Sin City Motorcycle Club just off Kingshighway at 5513 Forest Boulevard .
The victim was an adult male who had been shot several times in the chest .
Police found the victim 's car keys in his pocket , along with several other vehicles in the parking lot .
Officers are trying to locate all of the vehicle owners for questioning .
An investigation is ongoing .
BOILING SPRINGS , N.C. — Patrick Zeck 's putback with 11.4 seconds left lifted Gardner-Webb to a 63-61 win over Charleston Southern on Saturday .
David Efianayi missed a short jumper but Zeck was there for the follow from the centre of the paint .
Charleston Southern 's Christian Keeling hit a 3-pointer with 48 seconds left then Cortez Mitchell made a steal under the Buccaneers basket and laid the ball in for a 61-all tie after trailing by 14 in the second half .
Jaheam Cornwall came off the bench to make three 3-pointers and score 14 points , 11 in the first half when the Bulldogs took a 39-29 lead . Liam O'Reilly also scored 14 points while Efianayi added 13 and Zack and DJ Laster 10 each as Gardner-Webb ( 12-3 , 7-5 Big South ) went to 10-0 at home .
As one of the best-selling singers in history , with one stiletto in country and the other in pop , it 's easy to forget Twain 's childhood in Timmins was punctuated by poverty and familial dysfunction . In fact , had she not been blessed with real musical chops , it 's possible she 'd now be clearing dishes in a waffle house .
That 's not a shot at her personally , or even a put-down of anyone who lives in a place where opportunities are scarce and prosperity is unlikely . Twain broke free . She shattered the socioeconomic trajectory of most others in similar childhood predicaments . She started life behind the proverbial 8-ball and then cleared the pool table with one magical shot that continues to bank off the edges of good fortune .
But despite her rise to the top of an industry that is harder to conquer than politics , it is her response in the Guardian — not her subsequent apology — that 's fascinating . In 2016 , when she listened to Trump speak , she heard a straight shooter who was only offensive because he was telling the truth . She heard an anti-establishment saviour commence hostilities on political correctness . She heard honesty .
In other words , she heard exactly what Trump fans still hear .
That alone is worth investigating because it suggests , once again , that Trump 's appeal is and always will be psychological . Given her progressive stand on issues , Twain should 've seen Trump 's platform as destructive . Given her hardscrabble past , she should 've realized his policies are sure to hurt the very people who support them most . Given her own painful experience with deceit — her first husband cheated on her with her best friend — Twain should 've detected Trump 's endless barrage of lies . Trump is honest in the same way Justin Trudeau is serious .
But instead of seeing Trump for what he is — a narcissist plagued with insecurity and a lack of empathy who is propped up by bootlicking enablers with no moral and intellectual courage — Twain saw an antidote to political BS .
Now that she has apologized , maybe she can expand on why she felt this way , why she believed the good in Trump outweighed the bad . Maybe she can help give voice to those who believe the U.S. president is misunderstood and wrongly maligned .
Maybe she can give us some insights before the next Trump comes along .
That would be far more useful than any hasty apology .
Scott Eisen
Plan to coordinate efforts to combat Alzheimer 's
The House , on a 153-to-0 vote , approved and sent to the Senate a bill requiring the governor 's Executive Office of Health and Human Service to assess all current state programs that address Alzheimer 's disease and create and maintain an integrated state plan to overcome the illness .
The plan would include accelerating the development of treatments that would prevent , halt or reverse the disease ; helping to coordinate the health care and treatment of individuals with the disease ; ensuring the inclusion of ethnic and racial populations , who have a higher risk or are the least likely to receive care for the disease ; and implementing a strategy to increase the diagnostic rate .
Another provision requires doctors , physician assistants and nurses to complete a one-time course of training and education on the diagnosis , treatment and care of patients with Alzheimer 's , dementia and other cognitive impairments .
The measure also creates an Advisory Council on Alzheimer 's Research and Treatment to work with closely with state agencies and the Legislature .
“ Alzheimer 's disease is a growing epidemic . It 's impacting hundreds of thousands of Massachusetts residents , ” said Jim Wessler , president and CEO of the Alzheimer 's Association , Massachusetts/New Hampshire Chapter .
Supporters said that this disease affects more than 120,000 people in the Bay State and according to the Alzheimer 's Association , that number is projected to increase by 25 percent to 150,000 by 2025 . They argued deaths from Alzheimer 's have nearly doubled from 2000 to 2014 and it is time for the state to step up to the plate and lead the way in the care for people with Alzheimer 's and in the fight to eradicate it .
Voting `` Yes , '' or for the bill were : Reps. Brian Ashe , John Barrett , Donald Berthiaume , Nicholas Boldyga , Michael Finn , Solomon Goldstein-Rose , Carlos Gonzalez , Stephen Kulik , Paul Mark , Thomas Petrolati , William Pignatelli , Angelo Puppolo , John Scibak , Todd Smola , Jose Tosado , John Velis , Joseph Wagner , Susannah Whipps and Bud Williams .
No one voted again the bill .
Reps. Tricia Farley-Bouvier , Peter Kocot and Aaron Vega did not vote .
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Chris Smalling is being hawked around the Premier League as Manchester United prepare to sell the England defender .
Boss Mourinho wants to offload the 27-year-old , with Everton and West Ham among the clubs to have been sounded out .
It comes as United confirmed the capture of long-time target and fellow centre-back Victor Lindelof from Portugal 's Benfica on Wednesday evening , with Mourinho clearly feeling Smalling does not have a future at Old Trafford .
Everton are more likely to move for Burnley 's Michael Keane , who remains their primary defensive target , but there will be no shortage of takers for Smalling .
WATCH — MOURINHO ON INJURED SMALLING AND LUKE SHAW LAST NOVEMBER ...
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
... AND THEN IN APRIL ON THE ABSENT SMALLING AND PHIL JONES :
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
West Ham are interested and it remains to be seen whether other big clubs come in for the centre-back , who will be anxious that the upheaval does not affect his England career .
Mourinho publicly questioned Smalling 's attitude more than once this past season and also admitted to being dismissive of his footballing ability when discussing tactics for their recent Europa League final win over Ajax .
He has revealed he told his defence to by-pass the Dutch side 's highly-rated midfield and said : “ I even joked with Smalling - ‘ With your feet , we 're for sure not playing out from the back ! ' ”
Mourinho is prepared to be ruthless as he looks to shake up his squad this summer , with Sweden international Lindelof coming in and a deal close for Real Madrid and Spain striker Alvaro Morata .
( Photo : Daily Mirror/Andy Stenning )
( Photo : Man Utd via Getty )
Smalling 's fellow England defender Phil Jones has insisted he is prepared to fight for his place at Old Trafford , and revealed the manager has already been in touch .
Jones said : “ We are Manchester United . We are going to attract the big players and the best players — it would be a strange summer if we were n't signing players like that .
“ Competition is always good and we have a good squad there . I am looking forward to the start of pre-season .
“ It was just a normal conversation that goes on between players and managers . He is a good man manager and like that with all the players . ”
President Donald Trump in recent days is feeling more emboldened to behave how he wants to , rather than listening to the advice from his closest allies , The New York Times reported Sunday .
According to more than a dozen sources who are close with Trump and who spoke with the Times , the President has thrown caution to the wind when it comes to keeping quiet on special counsel Robert Mueller 's investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election . That was evidenced in Trump 's tweet this weekend , calling out Mueller for the probe . Trump has reportedly previously been encouraged by aides to stay silent on the issue , so as to avoid provoking Mueller , according to the Times .
Over the weekend , Trump tweeted about Mueller 's team of “ 13 hardened Democrats , ” suggesting bias within that probe . Sources close with Trump , like longtime political operative Roger Stone Jr. , have suggested that Trump 's recent moves mark a new age of confidence for Trump who is not concerned about getting rid of White House officials he does n't want to work with any longer .
Last week , Trump fired his secretary of state , and accepted the resignation of his chief economic adviser . He is reportedly expected to announce further shakeup later this week .
Read the full NYT report here .
× House Oversight Committee probes possible security breach at Donald Trump 's Mar-a-Lago
By Meg Warner
An Oceanfront Situation Room ?
The United States House 's top investigative committee wants an explanation for reports that President Donald Trump discussed classified information over the weekend as he dined on the open-air patio of his Florida resort , surrounded by wealthy club members also enjoying the terrace .
The chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( R-Utah ) , sent a letter to the White House Tuesday asking for details about Trump 's Saturday night dinner meeting at Mar-a-Lago with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzō Abe , which had been photographed by club patrons who witnessed it unfold .
The patio meal occurred around the same time that North Korea fired a ballistic missile , prompting some guests to speculate that the talk at Trump 's table was about the launch .
“ While the President is always on duty , and can not dictate the timing of when he needs to receive sensitive information about urgent matters , we hope the White House will cooperate in providing the Committee with additional information , ” Chaffetz said in his letter to White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus .
The committee asked the White House to identify documents the president was seen reviewing at the table and detail the security protocols — if there were any — in place , including the ways in which guests at the Palm Beach members-only club are screened . Mar-a-Lago members pay a hefty $ 200,000 initiation fee as well as annual dues of $ 14,000 .
The White House on Tuesday insisted that the dinner table conversation was about the “ logistics ” of an upcoming press conference about the nuclear missile — not North Korea 's launch itself . Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Trump had been briefed on the launch before the dinner , in a military-grade secure area .
Presidential business as club members watch
News of the dinner table conversation broke after several Mar-a-Lago Club members recounted the situation on social media .
Witnesses said they were on the patio when a “ flurry of activity ” broke out at Trump 's table , where he was dining with Abe and other officials , just after the North Korean missile launch .
Palm Beach Daily News reporter Shannon Donnelly said that she was one of about 100 club members dining on the terrace at the time .
“ As staff members and heads of state huddled at the table for 24 [ people ] , printed reports were passed around and examined by the light of cell phones or flashlights . Notes were scribbled . A uniformed service member carrying the battered leather schoolbag moved closer to the table , ” she wrote .
Richard DeAgazio , another member , shared photos showing Trump talking on the phone while seated next to Abe .
“ HOLY MOLY ! ! It was fascinating to watch the flurry of activity at dinner when the news came that North Korea had launched a missile in the direction of Japan . … Wow… .. the center of the action ! ! ! ” he wrote in the now-deleted Facebook post .
Carrying the ‘ football '
In a separate Facebook post , DeAgazio posted a photo of himself at Mar-a-Lago with a Trump aide he claimed carried the ‘ nuclear football , ” a leather bag that contains the nuclear launch codes . The football travels with the president everywhere he goes , so Trump had access to the codes as club members snapped photos during the dinner .
But Trump , of course , is n't the only world leader with access to nuclear power . North Korea boasted about its Saturday launch , calling it a successful test of a new type of missile .
In January , North Korea said it could launch a missile at anytime , and claimed it was forced to ramp up nuclear power due to the U.S. 's hostility toward the Asian nation . While North Korea did not threaten to directly attack the U.S. , the comments indicate the ongoing tense relationship between the two countries .
And Trump has returned the hostile tone . On Monday , he vowed to “ deal with ” the “ big , big problem ” of North Korea , although he did not elaborate on what that could mean .
During the presidential transaction , Trump said he 'd make nuclear power a top priority , and vowed to expand the U.S. 's weapons arsenal . In December , he reportedly encouraged a new arms race , boasting about how the U.S. could ramp up its arms supply .
“ We will outmatch them at every pass and outlast them all , ” he said .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's never short of its fair share of drama - and that 's an understatment .
But on Thursday filming on TOWIE is said to have been thrown into utter chaos as four stars nearly came to blows , during a location shoot for the reality show .
Jon Clark was seen squaring up to Mike Hassini , who appeared to push his co-star , as a verbal showdown between the former Love Island star and returning favourite Mario Falcone .
The face-off became so serious that production staff were forced to step in to calm things down .
Pictures obtained by The Sun show Jon striding up into Mike 's personal space . However , things appeared to get even intenser than Jon 's younger brother Chris is seen darting between the pair in an attempt to separate them .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : WENN.com )
As Chris seemingly struggled to keep the two reality stars apart , Mario can be seen striding up to the encounter , motioning with his arms for everyone to calm down .
However , it would seem that the confrontation was going the wrong way , and the crew stepped in to put an end to things .
Confirming that tempers may have got a little frayed on set , a TOWIE rep told Mirror Online : `` Our production team had to step in when a scene between four of the boys became heated .
( Image : BACKGRID )
`` No punches were thrown and no one was hurt , however aggressive behaviour during filming will not be tolerated and disciplinary action will be taken if deemed appropriate . ''
One possible reason for the showdown could be Jon 's on/off love interest , Lauren Pope .
While Mario and Mike have enjoyed a very cordial friendship with Jon and his brother Chris up until now , the tailor and his pal have been seen on camera warning Lauren of Jon 's behaviour .
( Image : FameFlynet UK )
Speaking to The Sun Online , a source said : `` Jon was the one who was messaging Mario last night - there 's a lot of tension between them as Jon 's dating Lauren - and Mario used to date Lauren .
“ Jon just feels like , even though Mario 's moved on and he 's engaged to someone else , every time something goes on with Lauren , he has to stick his oar in .
“ He keeps hearing from people sly comments Mario 's made , or things he 's been saying , and he 's sick of it . ''
Special prosecutors on Tuesday sought the arrest of the de facto leader of Samsung Group on charges of bribery in relation to impeached President Park Geun-hye , after their first attempt was rejected by a local court last month .
The investigation team , led by Independent Counsel Park Young-soo , in January asked the Seoul Central District Court to issue a warrant to formally detain Lee Jae-yong , vice chairman of Samsung Electronics Co. , but the court did not acknowledge the necessity of the arrest .
Lee Jae-yong , vice chairman of Samsung Electronics Co. , gets into his car at the special prosecutor 's office in Seoul on Feb. 14 , 2017 , after concluding questioning over alleged bribery involving impeached President Park Geun-hye . It is the second time he was summoned to the prosecutors ' office over alleged bribery related to the merger of two of Samsung 's affiliates in 2015 . ( Yonhap )
Seeking the arrest of Lee for a second time , the prosecutors also asked the court to issue a writ for Samsung Electronics President Park Sang-jin over his involvement in the alleged irregularities , according to the probe team.The court will hold a hearing on Thursday 10:30 a.m. to decide the legality of their detention.The investigation team said more criminal charges have been leveled against Lee compared to the last time it sought his arrest.It declined to elaborate further , saying its spokesman will give more details during a regular press briefing on Wednesday afternoon.Prosecutors accused Lee of giving or promising some 43 billion won ( $ 36.3 million ) worth of bribes to the president 's jailed friend Choi Soon-sil in return for the state-run pension fund 's backing of a merger of two Samsung affiliates in 2015.The business arrangement was seen as critical for the smooth management succession of the group from ailing Samsung Electronics Chairman Lee Kun-hee to his only son Jae-yong.The Samsung scion has denied the allegations raised against him.Lee was questioned for a second time on Monday , as the special prosecutors accelerated their probe into an influence-peddling scandal centered on President Park , with the investigation deadline slated for Feb. 28 . The period can be extended once for a month with the consent of Acting President and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn . ( Yonhap )
If you thought Bollywood parties were what # FOMO is made of , you have n't seen how India 's most famous toddlers spent their weekend . Before Katrina Kaif , Alia Bhatt , Sridevi and Kareena Kapoor Khan graced the red carpet at Lux Golden Rose Awards with Shah Rukh Khan as their host , the ladies had a ball at Rani Mukerji and Aditya Chopra 's daughter , Adira 's , second birthday bash . The Wonderland-themed party featured rides , ice cream , balloons and ( of course ) Bollywood A-listers and their children . A flood of selfies washed over social media . Katrina Kaif found both her inner child and her Tiger , and no it was n't Salman Khan while Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan 's son Taimur Ali Khan bonded with Karan Johar 's twins , Yash and Roohi Johar . You see , the celebrity kids are taking the right cues from their parents . Their pictures – with and without the adults at the party – say it all . Check them out below :
1 /26 Kareena Kapoor Khan , Taimur Ali Khan , Karan Johar and Yash Johar Tusshar Kapoor and Lakshya Katrina Kaif Alia Bhatt Bhumi Pednekar Kareena Kapoor Khan and Karisma Kapoor Taimur Ali Khan Karan Johar and Roohi Vaani Kapoor Sridevi Arpita Khan Sharma with Ahil Karan Johar , Roohi , Kareena Kapoor Khan and Taimur Taimur , Yash and Roohi Karan Johar and Roohi Karisma Kapoor , Kareena Kapoor Khan and Taimur Kareena Kapoor Khan , Karisma Kapoor and Rani Mukerji Arpita Khan Sharma , Rani Mukerji and Shilpa Shetty and Rani Mukerji Karisma Kapoor , Shilpa Shetty , Rani Mukerji , Shamita Shetty , Kareena Kapoor Khan Khushi Kapoor , Shilpa Shetty , Sridevi , Rekha , Yash Johar , Rani Mukerji , Roohi Johar , Karan Johar , Kareena Kapoor Khan , Taimur , Karisma Kapoor Shilpa Shetty , Sridevi , Rekha , Yash Johar , Rani Mukerji , Roohi Johar , Karan Johar , Kareena Kapoor Khan , Taimur Rukmini Sahay , Rekha and Neil Nitin Mukesh Shah Rukh Khan and Rukmini Sahay Shah Rukh Khan and AbRam Khan Found my 🐯🌟 # tigerzindahai A post shared by Katrina Kaif ( @ katrinakaif ) on Dec 9 , 2017 at 9:03am PST Katrina Kaif ( with her Tiger ) Ahil 's date at Adira 's party @ katrinakaif 😘 A post shared by Arpita Khan Sharma ( @ arpitakhansharma ) on Dec 10 , 2017 at 12:42am PST Katrina Kaif with Ahil
STAY CONNECTED WITH US GQ India
NOW READ
Deepika Padukone , Katrina Kaif , Alia Bhatt : Bollywood 's hottest women were with this one superstar over the weekend
Revealed : How Taimur Ali Khan will celebrate his first birthday
DJ Khaled 's son Asahd covers Paper magazine ! ( PHOTOS )
> More on Entertainment
A must-have toy this Christmas is flying off the shelves faster than they can make it , after thousands of children asked Santa - for UNICORN POO .
The sparkly slime-like substance is one of the most popular toys this festive season , as the popularity of slime-related videos on YouTube has soared .
Britain 's main manufacturer of unicorn poo , H Grossman Ltd , say they are struggling to keep up with demand for the glittery slime .
Company director Martin Grossman said : `` Unicorn poo is rare stuff , a bit like hens teeth .
`` It 's been amazing that we have sold nearly half a million pots of the stuff .
`` Of course , we know where all the wild , free-range unicorns live , and in January I will be bringing even more pots of Unicorn Poo complete with little unicorns inside . ''
So far the company have sold almost a tonne of the 99p pots of sparkly poop .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
WILKES-BARRE — Civitas Media , the North Carolina-based company that owns the Times Leader Media Group , has sold another daily newspaper .
Phillips Media Group has acquired the Sedalia Democrat in Missouri .
The Sedalia Democrat was founded in 1868 as a weekly newspaper and began its daily edition , originally called the Daily Democrat , in 1871 . Civitas Media acquired the Sedalia operation from Freedom Communications in 2012 .
The news comes a day after Civitas Media announced it has reached agreements to sell 16 daily newspapers in Ohio and one in West Virginia to AIM Media Midwest .
An additional four Civitas newspapers in West Virginia including the Logan Banner , Williamson Daily News , Coal Valley News and The Pineville Independent were sold to HD Media .
— DENISE ALLABAUGH
We 're sitting at a café in Lower Parel , Mumbai , glugging the Thirsty Sexy Pig . It 's been a long day , and this light Belgian Wit beer with a slight tang , feels like an old friend . This newest craft beer in town comes from Thirsty Beers , which has kept itself quite low-key prior so far . After launching two bottled/canned beers over the last couple of years – Happy and Simona – they are revving up to get you chugging their spanking new beers on tap , and opening up a craft beer bar in Mumbai .
Tell me about the beers
So , apart from taking Happy and Simona to the tap , Thirsty Beers have now revealed four new variants . Lennon , the Knight is their version of the Indian Pale Ale ( with a smooth , well-rounded bitterness that might even appeal to non-IPA fans though it might displease those who prefer their bitterness amped ) , the Kick Ass Kölsch Ale ( fun , and easy ) , the Ninja ( a rich , chocolate stout ) , and the aforementioned Thirsty Sexy Pig ( refreshing and light ) .
Who 's the one keeping our hops alive ?
This dude called Vir Kotak whose résumé will put yours to shame is the one behind Thirsty Beers . Kotak is a New Delhi-based visual artist , a restorer of classic American cars , and a shipping scion who stumbled upon China 's most famous beer brand , Tsingtao , while in Qingdao . “ I fell in love with that beer , and started importing it to India , along with a Bavarian wheat beer , ” he tells us . “ I like to build stuff , so I started thinking of how I can make quality beers for Indian markets . It 's not hard to make beer but it 's hard to make a well-balanced one . After much research , we decided to produce our beers at a brewery in Bosnia . ”
Did n't you say something about a beer bar ?
While the new beers are available at bars in Mumbai , Delhi , Goa , Pune and Bengaluru , the guys at Thirsty are kickstarting a new craft beer bar called 127 Thirsty City , in a couple of months . It will take the place of The Barking Deer in Mumbai , using their brewing operations to create new brews . This will not just have around 10 beers on tap including some seasonal specials but also a menu pairing the beers and other cocktails on offer , with food . We ale-ready ca n't wait .
NOW READ
3 classic cocktails to make at home the next time it 's raining outside
Meet Olive Bar & Kitchen 's millennial sibling : Olly
Singapore 's 28HKS is bringing the classics to one of Delhi 's trendiest watering holes , Ek Bar
> More on Drinks
Forget Wealth And Neighborhood . The Racial Income Gap Persists
Enlarge this image amathers/Getty Images amathers/Getty Images
A new study conducted by researchers at Stanford , Harvard and the Census Bureau , finds that in 99 percent of neighborhoods in the United States , black boys earn less in adulthood than white boys who come from similar socioeconomic backgrounds . This undermines the widely-held belief that class , not race , is the most fundamental predictor of economic outcomes for children in the U.S .
The study looked at racial disparities in income over generations by looking at de-identified data from 20 million U.S. children and their parents . It tracked outcomes for Hispanic , white , Asian , black and Native Americans .
Race Research Shows Black Boys Are Most Likely To Be Stuck In Cycle Of Poverty Research Shows Black Boys Are Most Likely To Be Stuck In Cycle Of Poverty Listen · 2:43 2:43
Nathaniel Hendren , who co-authored the study , told NPR 's Leah Donnella that black and Native American children have the lowest rates of upward economic mobility . Whites and Asians came out at the top , he said . `` For Asians and white children , we find very similar processes of mobility , '' Hendren said . `` For Hispanics , we see slightly lower incomes for children at the same level of parent income . ''
The researchers found that the racial wealth gap applies even to the country 's wealthiest families : Black children whose parents were in the top 1 percent of earners , with incomes at an average of $ 1.1 million , grew up to have incomes 12.4 percent lower than white children who grew up in households with similar incomes .
Hendren says for the U.S. as a whole , the odds of a child raised in the bottom fifth of the income distribution rising to the top fifth are about 7 percent . But that chance at upward mobility varies widely across race . The study found that about 11 percent of white children raised in the bottom fifth end up rising to the top . For black children , that number is 2.5 percent .
The results are also gendered . The income gap between black and white Americans , the study finds , is almost entirely driven by differences in earnings between black and white men . When the researchers controlled for parental income , they found black women earn slightly more than white women . Meanwhile , white men are far out-earning black men , even when they start out in families with similar income levels .
For Native Americans , Hendren says , the gender difference is not as stark , but low rates of upward mobility and high rates of downward mobility persist .
Advocates of programs that address the specific needs of black boys could see the study as an affirmation of their efforts . Will Jawando , who worked on Barack Obama 's My Brother 's Keeper initiative , told The New York Times that this study `` crystallizes and puts data behind this thing that we always knew was there , because we either felt it ourselves or we 've seen it over time . ''
Neighborhoods are still a determining factor when it comes to adult earnings and life outcomes . That holds across race and ethnicity . But Hendren says the study finds a larger black-white wealth gap in the most affluent neighborhoods : `` It suggests that policies ... that aim to reduce just residential segregation can help , and I certainly do n't want to say those policies are not fruitful . But we ca n't stop there if we want to try to eliminate racial disparities . ''
Hendren said the study did identify a few neighborhoods where black and white children often reach parity as adults . He highlighted some suburbs of Washington , D.C. , including Silver Spring , Md. , as having relatively low degrees of racial bias among white people — one significant predictor of whether or not black boys will match watch boys in future earnings . Another factor present in the neighborhoods was high percentages of present black fathers , compared to the country as a whole . ( The Times points out that this does not mean the presence of a black boy 's father in his life has a direct effect on his eventual earnings ; rather , the presence of black fathers in a community may help predict higher incomes for the black boys who grow up there . )
As for why the differences in wealth and mobility are most persistent among certain groups , Hendren suggests history might play a role . `` Here , I 'm speculating . But ... the two groups who happen to stand out – African-Americans and Native Americans – tend to be groups who have experienced a very different history in America , '' he says . `` And so I think that does suggest thinking about the long-run historical processes that might have gotten us here . ''
Ontario 's animal welfare organization has ordered a dog-sledding business north of Toronto to take several steps to improve the well-being of more than 100 canines as an animal cruelty investigation continues .
The Ontario Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ordered Windrift Kennel in Moonstone , Ont. , on Friday to provide insulated shelter , clean water , appropriate food and veterinary care to the dogs on site after a complaint was made by a couple on Sunday .
Natasha Guerriero and Dylan Blake , from Whitby , said they went dog-sledding and took videos of the animals afterward .
The clips , which the pair posted to Facebook , show dozens of dogs chained up in the snow , with one dog limping with an apparent open wound on one of its front legs .
A fire which has been alight on Saddleworth Moor for more than a week is now being investigated as arson , Greater Manchester Police has said .
Crews are into the second week of fighting the blaze in Tameside , east of Manchester .
Now Greater Manchester Police has said the fire is being investigated as a deliberate attack .
Saddleworth Moor Fires : 'Major incident ' declared as homes are evacuated
In a statement issued through Greater Manchester Police , Interim Chief Fire Officer Dawn Docx said : `` Specialist fire investigation officers at Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service are working closely with Greater Manchester Police to investigate the suspected arson in the moorlands in Tameside .
`` Investigations are currently ongoing with a multi-agency approach to find the source of the ignition . There is an area of interest that specialist officers are inspecting .
`` Firefighters are working in extremely difficult and challenging circumstances in Tameside and I ca n't praise crews enough - they 've done a fantastic job and are continuing to work hard to put out the multiple fires across the moorlands .
Saddleworth Moor fire .
WATCH : Leeds United fan wildly celebrates England win in bar full of Colombians
`` I would like to urge the public to be really careful with barbecues , discarded cigarettes and glass bottles in the countryside , fires in the moorlands can spread rapidly so it 's important that we take extra care . ''
Yesterday , some 45 firefighters remained at the scene above Stalybridge with support from crews from the West Midlands , South Yorkshire , Gloucestershire and West Yorkshire , plus the ongoing assistance of troops from the Royal Regiment of Scotland ( 4 SCOTS ) .
Wiltshire major incident : Two critical after ‘ exposure to unknown substance '
Crews have been using specialist vehicles including four high volume pumps and a helicopter to dampen down the blaze from height and fight the fire .
Meanwhile 35 GMFRS firefighters have been supporting 140 colleagues from Lancashire in their battle to maintain control of a blaze at Winter Hill which broke out when two moorland fires either side of the hill merged on Saturday because of increased wind speed .
SPORTS
South Korea 's national football team is set to train with a full squad in Dublin for European friendly matches later this month , as overseas-based players joined the team for their international duty .
South Korea , led by head coach Shin Tae-yong , called up 23 players for their friendly matches against Northern Ireland and Poland later this month on the road . Shin 's side , 59th in the latest FIFA rankings , will take on No . 24 Northern Ireland at Windsor Park in Belfast on Saturday and face No . 6 Poland three days later at Slaski Stadium in Chorzow , Poland .
Fourteen players from domestic K League 1 clubs took a flight to arrive in Dublin on Monday ( local time ) for their training . Koo Ja-cheol of FC Augsburg joined the team in Frankfurt , Germany , where the team made a stop to transfer for the flight to Ireland . Son Heung-min of Tottenham Hotspur , Ki Sung-yueng of Swansea City and Japan-based national players were already in Dublin before the national team arrived .
South Korean national football team players move luggage carts after arriving at Dublin Airport in Dublin on March 19 . ( Yonhap )
The Korea Football Association said Shin 's team will train at FAI National Training Centre in Dublin from Tuesday to Thursday before moving to Belfast , where South Korea will take on Northern Ireland.Meanwhile , the KFA said two assistant coaches will not be with the national team since they 'll watch the matches of South Korea 's World Cup opponents . The Taeguk Warriors are in Group F at the 2018 FIFA World Cup , along with Germany , Sweden and Mexico.The KFA said assistant coach Cha Doo-ri will fly to Sweden to watch their friendly matches . Sweden host Chile on Saturday and visit Romania three days later.It added Jeon Kyung-jun will travel to the United States to watch Mexico 's friendly matches . Mexico meets Iceland in Santa Clara , California , on Friday and faces Croatia in Arlington , Texas , four days later . ( Yonhap )
