CHESS can help improve concentration and social skills , which is why it 's so valuable to the region 's children .
And if anyone would know this , it 's Bundaberg Chess Club secretary and treasurer Allan Menham .
Mr Menham dedicates his time to help the region 's schoolchildren learn the game of strategy , visiting 10 schools in a week .
The effect chess has on youngsters is impressive , according to Mr Menham .
`` A lot of teachers say that after a couple of games of chess they 're totally different , ” he said , adding that the game can be therapeutic for children with conditions such as ADHD and autism .
`` It improves their concentration and teaches them to think .
`` The biggest thing about it is it teaches kids to relate . ”
Mr Menham said schools contributed towards costs like fuel so that volunteers from the chess club could get to them , but his time was given freely .
`` It 's just the satisfaction you get out of relating to the kids , teaching them and knowing you 're doing a hell of a lot of good for them , ” he said .
`` I enjoy it , if I did n't enjoy it , I would n't do it .
`` There 's some damn good playing kids out there . ”
Chess tournaments for children are held regularly in the region , and Mr Menham said some tournaments gave children the opportunity to go on to compete in Brisbane .
`` The last one we held at Walkervale had 119 kids , ” he said .
`` I hope to break that this year in August . ”
A cash tournament will be held in October , where the winning child will walk away with $ 80 as well as prizes for other kids .
`` We do n't keep any money for the club , ” Mr Menham said , `` we just give it to the kids . ”
For more information on chess in the region , call Mr Menham on 0417 073 094 .
SEATTLE — Former Washington coach Lorenzo Romar says it will be `` weird '' walking into the Huskies ' home gym as the opponent for the first time .
He 'll go to the visitors ' locker room and not the coaches ' offices . He 'll sit on the bench at the opposite end of the floor he patrolled for 15 seasons as the head coach at his alma mater . The student section directly behind him — once affectionately called `` Romarville '' — will be chanting and berating the opposing team he helps coach .
Perhaps most difficult for Romar , now an assistant for No . 9 Arizona , will be watching players he recruited facing off against the Wildcats .
`` It 's not going to be easy to go back there , '' Romar said in a phone interview this week . `` The No . 1 thing is we 're fighting for a conference championship and that 's the No . 1 focus .
`` Those guys are like your sons that you 're competing against . The 'Dawg Pack , ' we were teammates . Who knows what they 're going to do . It 's just going to be weird . ''
Romar was 298-196 in his career at Washington since arriving in 2002 . There were three Sweet 16 appearances and two outright conference titles . But six straight years of missing the NCAA tournament finally became Romar 's downfall . He was fired last March after going 9-22 .
Romar was responsible for reinvigorating a downtrodden program and developing the Huskies into a perennial Pac-12 contender with a long list of NBA talent shuffling through the program .
Romar was a beloved figure at Washington , for his winning ways and demeanour .
`` People will be happy to see him . I think this city misses him and I know a couple of us do , '' Washington guard Matisse Thybulle said . `` He was loved around here . But at the end of the day , it 's about basketball . ''
Romar was out of work just a few weeks before Arizona coach Sean Miller called him . Romar considered head coaching jobs in other locations , assistant jobs and working in television . Romar 's preference was to not take a job in the Pac-12 so he could avoid matchups with Washington . But when Miller beckoned , Romar realized this was the right job .
* Euro pares monthly gain after ECB maintains dovish bias
* Dollar steadies vs yen ahead of Japanese Golden Week holidays
TOKYO , April 28 The dollar edged up in Asian trading on Friday but was on track for a losing month against a basket of currencies , while the euro shed some of its monthly gains after the European Central Bank maintained its easing bias .
The dollar index , which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major rivals , edged up 0.1 percent to 99.193 , but down 0.8 percent for the week and 1.2 percent for April .
The euro was down 0.1 percent at $ 1.0865 , but up 1.3 percent for the week and 2 percent for the month .
ECB chief Mario Draghi said on Thursday after the central bank 's policy meeting that removal of the bank 's easing bias was not discussed , stressing the barriers the ECB still faces before beginning to tighten its ultra-loose financing conditions .
However , he also said that euro zone 's recovery was increasingly solid and downside risks had diminished .
Against its Japanese counterpart , the dollar was steady on the day at 111.30 yen , up 2 percent for the week but still down 0.1 percent for the month .
`` The Japanese Golden Week holidays are ahead , and investors have already adjusted their positions , '' said Kaneo Ogino , director at foreign exchange research firm Global-info Co in Tokyo .
Tokyo markets will be closed for three days from May 3 for a string of holidays known as the Golden Week , and some market participants take additional time off .
`` Because of the holidays , we 're not seeing the usual Japanese profit-taking or exporter selling on the dollar 's rise , though some investors are still hoping for a chance to buy the dollar on dips , '' Ogino said .
On Thursday , the BOJ kept monetary policy unchanged as expected , but offered its most optimistic assessment of the economy in nine years , signalling its confidence that a pick-up in overseas demand will help sustain an export-driven recovery .
Japanese economic data released early in the session showed Japan 's core consumer prices rose at a slower than expected pace in March from a year earlier , government data showed on Friday , but posted their third straight month of increase , driven by rising energy costs .
The dollar was steady against the Swedish crown at 8.8422 crowns per dollar , having jumped on Thursday after Sweden 's Riksbank extended its bond-buying and predicted its first interest rate hike in mid-2018 , later than previously projected . ( Reporting by Tokyo markets team ; Editing by Sam Holmes )
KNOXVILLE , Tenn. — Tennessee coach Jeremy Pruitt says linebacker Darrin Kirkland Jr. has changed his mind and will be staying with the Volunteers .
Kirkland shared on social media last week that he was leaving Tennessee after graduating with two years of eligibility remaining .
But Pruitt told reporters Tuesday at the Southeastern Conference meetings in Destin , Florida , that he met Kirkland over the weekend with the linebacker now excited to stay at Tennessee .
Kirkland made 10 starts and had 66 tackles as a freshman in 2015 , but injuries limited him in 2016 and prevented him from playing at all last year . He made six starts and had 45 tackles in 2016 but missed five games with a high ankle sprain . He sat out the entire 2017 season with a knee injury .
Speech to Text for Bloomfield edges past Clay City
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video .
against bloomfield .. 3rd quarter .. eels have to respect malea toon .. she pumps fakes and gets the look she wants .. cardinals up 7 .. later .. avalee jeffers steals it away .. the clay city senior takes it all the way .. cuts into that bloomfield lead .. 4th quarter .. andrea steward hits the corner three for the eels .. you ca n't leave a shooter open like that .. we 've got a tie game with 5 to play . bloomfield going the other way .. kylee shelton makes some separation and sinks the long ball .. and the cardinals would never give up the lead from there .. bloomfield holds on to win it 35-33. bloomfield never `` i tell the kids , do n't take it for graunted because these do n't just come around everyday . they just do n't . you got ta apperciate the moment . '' `` you know we 've had a rough season and we 've had our up 's and down 's but we 're playing our best basketball right now and we have players playing at a high level and we 're doing great right now . ''
April 5 Intersport Polska SA :
* Allots 8.9 million series F shares to 12 persons via a private subscription at the issue price of 1.9 zloty per share
* Said in March that it planned to issue up to 10.5 mln series F shares Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 3.9633 zlotys ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Rugby-Lions dance in background as NZ stay on toes against Samoa
AUCKLAND , June 15 The `` dance in the background '' was undoubtedly overshadowing the All Blacks test match against Samoa but coach Steve Hansen was at pains to ensure his side did not trip over their own feet during Friday 's clash at Eden Park .
Theresa May has called an early general election for June 8 in an announcement which has stunned Westminster .
The Prime Minister had repeatedly denied that she would call an election before the next scheduled poll in 2020 .
But following a Cabinet meeting at Downing Street she said she would go to the country this year .
This is a breaking news story . More to follow .
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division , part of the second-largest U.S. bank 's plan to cut costs .
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
April 28 Cameco Corp
* Cameco reports first quarter results
* Cameco corp qtrly loss per share $ 0.05
* Q1 earnings per share view c $ -0.01 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Qtrly adjusted loss per share $ 0.07
* Cameco corp - qtrly revenue $ 393 million versus $ 408 million
* Cameco corp - in second and third quarters , expect pricing on deliveries in uranium segment to yield results similar to q1
* Cameco corp - 2017 financial outlook and production expectations remained unchanged after q1
* Cameco corp - `` our 2017 sales remain on track , at an average realized price that is well above current market ''
* Fy2017 earnings per share view c $ 0.54 , revenue view c $ 2.12 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Cameco corp - cautious optimism remains unchanged and in near term , co will continue to evaluate all of its supply sources
* Q1 revenue view c $ 372.3 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Things turned violent over the weekend after a woman found another woman in her fiancé 's D'Iberville home , police said .
Capt . Marty Griffin said things turned physical when Dora Dell Cook showed up to her fiance 's home on Hwy . 15 and found out he was not home alone . She reportedly attacked the man with a golf club .
Cook , 68 , is charged with domestic violence aggravated assault .
Griffin said police became aware of the attack when the victim went to Merit Health Biloxi for treatment Sunday morning . The man was reportedly hit in the head and was treated and released from the hospital several hours later .
Cook was arrested at her home and booked into the Harrison County jail on a $ 15,000 bond .
Copyright 2017 WLOX . All rights reserved .
A Tesla car crashed into a stationary police vehicle while on autopilot mode , Tuesday .
According to KTLA , the car crashed into a Laguna Beach police vehicle , “ leaving the sedan 's driver injured . ”
“ The officer was not in the police SUV at the time but handling a call for service about 1,000 yards away , ” they explained , adding , “ The Tesla driver , a 65-year-old man , sustained minor injuries , but declined transport to a hospital , the sergeant said . ”
Photographs of the accident show that both cars were heavily damaged .
This morning a Tesla sedan driving outbound Laguna Canyon Road in “ autopilot ” collides with a parked @ LagunaBeachPD unit . Officer was not in the unit at the time of the crash and minor injuries were sustained to the Tesla driver . # lagunabeach # police # tesla pic.twitter.com/7sAs8VgVQ3 — Laguna Beach PD PIO ( @ LBPD_PIO_45 ) May 29 , 2018
In a statement , Laguna Beach Police Department Sgt . Jim Cota declared , “ Thankfully there was not an officer at the time in the police car… The police car is totaled . ”
“ It 's something that we 're going to have to work on , whether it be with Tesla themselves , or we 're going to have to get into more specifics and find out why this is occurring , ” he continued .
In their own statement , Tesla claimed the company “ has always been clear that autopilot does n't make the car impervious to all accidents , and before a driver can use Autopilot , they must accept a dialogue box which states that ‘ Autopilot is designed for use on highways that have a center divider and clear markings . ' ”
Tesla 's autopilot feature has been attributed to several accidents .
Last month , Tesla blamed the deceased driver in a Tesla autopilot accident , expressing that Tesla makes it “ extremely clear that Autopilot requires the driver to be alert and have hands on the wheel . ”
Autopilot crashes have been reported in Texas and Utah .
Cooler than normal temperatures this week . And then some weekend rain chances . Click and watch the forecast video for details .
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON , June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday , opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date .
SYDNEY , April 5 One of four major rail lines that moves coking coal from mines in cyclone-hit northeast Australia to port facilities has suffered more water damage than expected , a mining company source with operations on the line told Reuters , delaying its anticipated re-opening .
`` Our understanding is the reopening of the rail line ... is likely to be early next week at best , '' the source , who requested anonymity , said of Aurizon 's Blackwater line .
Aurizon said on Monday that the line , which transported more than 60 million tonnes of coal last year from mines operated by BHP Billiton , Glencore PLC , Sojitz Corp and others , was scheduled to re-commence operations late this week .
Aurizon did not immediately respond to questions from Reuters . ( Reporting by Tom Westbrook ; Editing by Christian Schmollinger )
× Recall Alert : Allergan recalls birth control treatment
Drugmaker Allergan is issuing a nationwide recall of a birth control treatment because they were packaged incorrectly and could lead to unintended pregnancy .
The company is recalling one lot of TAYTULLA birth control pill packs , which have an expiration date of May 2019 . According to the FDA , a physician reported to Allergan that four placebo capsules were placed out of order in a sample pack of TAYTULLA . Specifically , the first four days of the treatment had four non-hormonal placebo capsules instead of active capsules , as shown below .
( FDA/Correctly packaged TAYTULLA )
( FDA/Incorrectly packaged TAYTULLA )
If you are a patient who has used a TAYTULLA sample pack with an expiration date of May 2019 any time from Aug. 27 , 2017 through today and are concerned you may be impacted by the issue , you 're urged to contact your doctor .
If oral contraceptive capsules are taken out of order , the user may be at risk for contraceptive failure and unintended pregnancy .
By Annie Reuter
Ed Sheeran is well known for his chart-topping hits but the singer/songwriter also has a heart of gold . During a recent episode of Ireland 's The Ray D'Arcy Show , one young man told a story about how the singer granted his sister her dying wish .
Related : Ed Sheeran Shoots ‘ Galway Girl ' Music Video in Galway
Sheeran fan Triona Priestly lost a long battle with cystic fibrosis in 2014 and her brother , Aiden , recently recounted her final moments and the happiness Sheeran brought her .
“ We were in this small little ICU room , ” he recalled . “ Triona in this huge bed covered in tubes and machines . My brother left the room . He returned then and said , ‘ I 'm just going to put you on loud speaker , ' and he clicks it , then Ed Sheeran comes on and saying , ‘ Hi Triona . I hear you 're a big fan . ' ”
Sheeran spoke to Triona for a moment and said that he heard her favorite song was “ Little Bird. ” Then he played the tune in its entirety for her .
“ Then we hang up on him , probably a bit rude at the time , and the doctor lifts the stethoscope to tell us her heart had stopped . And we take the mask off because she 'd been on a machine to breathe—and in that moment , I remember , a burst of light comes from the window and she smiled , ” he added .
Sheeran first learned about Triona 's struggle when fans launched a Twitter campaign # SongForTri . When he heard she had died Sheeran paid tribute to Triona .
Aidan Priestley on @ edsheeran 's amazing act of kindness to his late sister Triona in her last moments . # RayDarcy https : //t.co/RWh3ggQYl6 —
The Ray D'Arcy Show ( @ RTERayDarcyShow ) April 15 , 2017
THE CANADIAN PRESS
CHARLOTTETOWN -- Air Canada is apologizing to a Prince Edward Island family after the airline bumped a 10-year-old boy from a flight .
Brett Doyle booked four tickets from Charlottetown to Costa Rica for his family last August .
A day before the vacation during March break , Doyle says he checked his family in for the flight online , but could not select a seat for his son .
After hours on the phone with Air Canada , Doyle 's wife drove to the airport and was told the flight was oversold and their son had been bumped .
The family drove to Moncton to catch a different Air Canada flight to meet the Costa Rica flight in Montreal , but when that flight was cancelled they were forced to drive to Halifax and stay overnight in a hotel .
Air Canada said in an email that the airline has apologized to the Doyle family , and that the situation should not have occurred .
Doyle said he was offered a $ 2,500 voucher , which expires in one year , and was told Air Canada may cover his expenses .
Scroll for more content ...
It 's almost time for the Super Bowl or , if you 're not within the roughly 250-mile radius that comprises both team 's fanbases , the fancy football game you 're socially obligated to watch despite your deep and almost bitter apathy towards the outcome .
Here 's everything you need to know if you actually want to sound smart in between commercials and pizza bagel binges .
Who 's playing in the Super Bowl ?
Reigning Super Bowl Champs the New England Patriots will attempt a repeat against the Philadelphia Eagles .
How many Super Bowls have the Patriots won ?
Five , all under the seemingly-unbeatable team of Tom Brady and Head Coach Bill Belichick .
How many Super Bowls have the Eagles won ?
Zero ! They have been to two , most recently in 2004 when they lost to ...
hoo boy ...
The New England Patriots .
Okay . Who are the quarterb --
TOM BRADY ! Have you heard it 's Tom Brady ? It 's Tom Brady , the 40-year-old human male ; a living Black Mirror episode where an immortal football legend has his consciousness implanted in an avocado while timelord Bill Belichick 's team of New England scientists scramble to renew his muscle pliability using every drop of water in the Hoover Dam . Tom Brady is as hydrated as a jellyfish and as strong as an organic , free-range bear ! Tom Brady does n't even know the word `` death ! '' Or `` carb ! ''
Oh , and the quarterback for the Philadelphia Eagles will be Nick Foles .
Nick Foles . I am not familiar with that name .
So , funny story : While everyone and their deceased great-great-grandmother knows who Tom Brady is , Nick Foles is actually the backup quarterback for the Eagles . Tom Brady is a 5-time Super Bowl Champion and the Eagles are n't even starting their main guy !
First-string Eagles quarterback and Prince Harry 's body double Carson Wentz tore his ACL earlier this season , and what looked like an unfortunate end to a promising postseason bid was actually the beginning of an underdog run for the ages , led by none other than the 29-year-old Foles . Now , they are deservedly in the Super Bowl , facing a very formidable and well-nourished foe .
Wait , why are n't we referring to it as Super Bowl LII ?
The AP Stylebook , basically a bible to most writers and grammar sticklers , caused a minor crisis earlier this year when they announced the Super Bowl is properly referred to by the year it 's played . So for instance , this year 's Super Bowl LII should be the 2018 Super Bowl .
People were incensed . `` We have been doing fine with Roman numerals for LI years so far ! '' they cried . `` And we will continue to use them for the next C to come ! ''
Which of course , kind of proves the point . Quick , what year was Super Bowl XLII ?
If you did n't say MMVIII , ya lose .
Wow , while that is interesting I still ca n't really get into it . Who should I root for ?
If you like `` winning '' the way Donald Trump says it , you should root for the Patriots .
If you like `` winning '' the way Charlie Sheen says it , you should root for the Eagles .
If you like consistency and the status quo , root for the Patriots .
If you like literally anything other than the Patriots , or just want to see a plucky franchise finally get their due , root for the Eagles .
If you do n't like Philly or New England , you should root for Philly just to see something different . If you 're a Patriots fan and that offends you , just go gaze at the five rings y'all have . We hear it 's soothing .
That 's not convincing me . Give me some other miscellany upon which to make my judgment .
If you like `` Good Will Hunting , '' `` The Departed '' or any given Wahlberg , Damon or Affleck , root for the Patriots .
If you like `` Rocky , '' `` Philadelphia '' ( do n't judge ! ) or Bradley Cooper , root for the Eagles .
Clam chowder over cheesesteak ? Patriots .
Liberty Bell over Boston Harbor ? Eagles .
Boston Market ? PATRIOTS .
Philadelphia cream cheese ? EAGLES .
Grating yet endearing local dialects ? Friend , you are looking at a win-win .
Why are some Eagles fans wearing dog masks ? Is football actually a cult ?
Other than being really upsetting to look at , Eagles fans ( and players ! ) have adopted the dog mask look because they were heavily regarded as underdogs when they faced both the Atlanta Falcons and the Minnesota Vikings on their way to the Super Bowl .
Okay , I 'm gon na pick up some wings , pound a non-alcoholic beverage and WATCH THIS THING . Where is it ?
This year 's Super Bowl will be held on Sunday , February 4 , at US Bank Stadium in Minneapolis , Minnesota . Kickoff is at 6:30 p.m . ET , which means the game will be over at 4 a.m. the next day .
That stadium looks cool but I bet a lot of birds die there .
Sadly , they actually do . According to one report , the stadium the biggest bird-killer in Minneapolis . There are actually ongoing conversations about how to make the design more birdly-friendly since literally hundreds of them have lost their live smashing into the reflective exterior glass since the stadium opened in 2016 . Sad for the ecosystem , and a truly hideous omen for the Philadelphia Eagles .
Minnesota seems a bit cold this time of year .
It will be ! The high in Minneapolis on Sunday is predicted to be a cozy 8 degrees , and the low is zero . As in no degrees .
Is n't anyone concerned the players will freeze ? Not in a figurative way , but actually freeze solid ?
Luckily , the NFL would n't subject players -- and fans -- to such an experience . The Super Bowl typically is n't held in cold-weather cities if the stadium is n't domed or enclosed , and it just so happens US Bank Stadium is the latter .
Back to the game . How can I watch it ?
If you have normal cable , you can catch the game on NBC or any NBC affiliate . If you want to watch on your computer or device , NBC is streaming the game online and through their sports apps . And , good news ! If you want to stream the game , you do n't even need a cable login . Just go for it .
I hear Justin Timberlake 's playing the halftime show . Will there be any `` wardrobe malfunctions ? ''
Can you believe it was 14 whole years ago that Justin Timberlake ripped off part of Janet Jackson 's costume during their Super Bowl halftime performance , sending the FCC into a tailspin and changing the history of live TV as we know it ? It all seems so quaint , so ... antique . Do n't expect a cheeky repeat though -- it was not the kind of weird moment that begs an encore .
Weird moments ? I love weird moments ! Give me one more for the road .
Well , here 's an Eagles fan riding a dune buggy up the Rocky steps .
Remember kids , the different between `` fan '' and `` felon '' is like , three letters . Be safe out there !
READ : Four hours is a long time to even tangentially care about football if you do n't normally care about football . So when the commercials get boring and the nacho cheese gets gummy , here are some super interesting trivia to keep the merriment going .
READ : It may be a bloated , over-hyped spectacle , but the Super Bowl usually is good for a memorable moment or two . Some of them even happen on the field .
CORRECTION : This piece has been republished to correct how many times the Eagles have been to the Super Bowl .
This makes the Philippines the first Asian country to ratify the Convention , which guarantees public workers ' rights to organize and negotiate employment terms
Published 4:43 PM , August 14 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – The Senate on Monday , August 14 , concurred in the ratification of an international treaty on the protection of government workers ' rights to organize and negotiate conditions of employment .
Voting 22-0 , senators adopted International Labor Organization Convention 151 , which also guarantees government employees ' right against anti-union discriminatory acts , right to collective bargaining , and right to be heard through dispute settlement .
Senator Loren Legarda , chair of the foreign relations committee , welcomed the chamber 's move , saying the Philippines is the first Asian country to ratify the Convention , also known as “ Convention Concerning Protection of the Right to Organize and Procedures for Determining Conditions of Employment in the Public Service . ”
“ I thank my colleagues for unanimously concurring in the ratification of this very important treaty . The Philippines is now the first Asian country to ratify the Convention . It also bolsters the domestic and international status of the country as a leader in promoting and protecting labor and civil rights , ” Legarda said .
Legarda said 2.3 million Filipino public servants would reap the benefits of the international agreement , which covers all persons employed by the national government and its attached agencies , bureaus , local government units , and government-owned and controlled corporations .
Senate labor committee chair Joel Villanueva also welcomed the move . He said government employees , unlike their private counterparts , hardly had any rights to collective bargaining and negotiation before this .
Citing government data , Villanueva said there are 1,944 registered unions in the public sector , but only 992 or less than half have achieved accreditation status , while only 813 have collective negotiation agreements with their employers .
“ A vibrant collective bargaining in the public sector encourages workers to design their standards and codes of conduct , ” Villanueva said .
Under the resolution , the Convention “ shall take effect 12 months after the date on which its ratification has been registered with the Director-General of the ILO . ”
ILO Convention 151 was first adopted on June 27 , 1978 , in Geneva , Switzerland , and was implemented on February 25 , 1981 .
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte ratified the Convention on May 26 , 2017 . – Rappler.com
UNION CITY – A game that was tied at the end of the third quarter turned into a rout in the fourth as Fort Recovery outscored Mississinawa Valley 18-2 over the final eight minutes to defeat the Blackhawks 51-35 .
For Mississinawa Valley boys basketball coach Tim Barga , whose team has a 1-5-1 record since Jan. 20 , Saturday 's performance was all too familiar .
“ The last seven games , every one of them has been exactly the same . We get ahead and they throw the ball away , ” Barga said . “ I 'll watch this film tomorrow morning ; it 's the same way . We get ahead , and we throw the ball away . We do n't run the offense . We run the offense to get ahead then we do n't run the offense and get behind . Like that all year . Not a whole lot else to say . That 's just the way it is . ”
Fort Recovery got off to a strong start on Saturday with Clay Schmitz scoring the game 's first 6 points .
Mississinawa battled back with 5 points from Blake Scholl and 4 from DJ Howell to take its first lead of the night , 9-8 , with just over a minute remaining in the opening quarter . Ethan Bowman added a basket with 20 seconds left in the frame to put the Blackhawks up 11-8 .
Matt Slob made a pair of baskets in the opening moments of the second quarter then Bowman made two baskets , including a 3-pointer , to push the MV lead to a game-high 8 points , 20-12 , midway through the second quarter .
Fort Recovery went on a 10-0 run to retake the lead , 22-20 , before Bowman scored again the knot the game at 22-22 entering halftime .
Bowman , Howell , Scholl , Trent Collins and Max Dirmeyer each scored for Mississinawa Valley in the third quarter , helping the Blackhawks build a 33-29 advantage .
However , once again Fort Recovery made another run . The visitors outscored MV 4-0 over the final minute of the third period to even the score at 33-33 entering the fourth .
In the final frame it was all Fort Recovery . The Midwest Athletic Conference squad scored the first 14 points of the period to go up 47-33 .
Mississinawa Valley got a basket from Matt Slob with 2:41 remaining but could n't get any more offense going in the 16-point loss .
“ I 'm not blaming the referees or … I 'll blame their defense for playing good defense on us ; I 'll do that , ” Barga said . “ Their offense , they 've got a nice offense that they run . Once they get ahead it 's hard to beat them . ”
Bowman led Mississinawa Valley with 12 points on Saturday . Also for the Blackhawks , Scholl scored 7 points , Howell scored 6 , Slob scored 6 , Collins scored 2 , and Dirmeyer scored 2 .
Payton Jutte led Fort Recovery with a game-high 17 points , Schmitz scored 12 , Ryan Braun scored 8 , Cade Wendel scored 8 , Derek Jutte scored 4 , and Noah Lennartz scored 2 .
Mississinawa Valley fell to 8-9-1 with Saturday 's loss . The Blackhawks will play host to National Trail on Tuesday .
http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2417.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2424.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2433.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2438.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2439.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2444.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2447.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2448.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2452.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2453.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2456.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2460.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2462.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2463.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2469.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2470.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2475.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2479.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2492.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_IMGP2495.jpg Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Mississinawa Valley 's Max Dirmeyer dribbles the ball during a boys basketball game against Fort Recovery on Saturday in Union City . http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_Max-Dirmeyer-WEB.jpg Mississinawa Valley 's Max Dirmeyer dribbles the ball during a boys basketball game against Fort Recovery on Saturday in Union City . Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner kshaner @ aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
April 13 Gogold Resources Inc
* Gogold resources inc says production for quarter ended March 31 , 2017 of 422,773 silver equivalent ounces , a 5 % increase over prior quarter
* Gogold resources -qtrly production at santa gertrudis contributed 144,543 silver equivalent ounces , which is a decrease of 58,939 , or 29 % as compared to prior quarter Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
PARIS , Ill. ( WTHI ) - Over 40 open teaching positions have been posted in the state of Illinois Monday alone ! Obviously the clock is ticking for schools to fill those slots .
Scroll for more content ...
Two open teaching positions might not sound like a lot . But , with school starting up next month , Paris Schools Superintendent Jeremy Larson is feeling the pressure .
Larson says , `` It definitely is a concern because we want to make sure that we are preparing our teachers before the first day of school , not waiting to employ them before the first day of school . ''
A new law signed by Governor Bruce Rauner is supposed to help curb the state 's teacher shortage . Larson says he started noticing the shortage in Illinois about two years ago .
He says , `` In the past , we had piles of applicants that we would go through and we had our choice and we would go through a long interview process interviewing everyone . We are now to the point where we get excited when we get an applicant who actually applies because there are so few people who are applying . ''
But for this school year , Larson is exploring all options to fill a middle school math position and a special education position .
Larson says , `` I have actually been speaking to my own faculty to see who 's willing to go back and obtain additional certifications to do movements around the district . ''
One of the biggest changes with this new law is the number of days someone can substitute teach . It 's gone from 100 days to 120 days . It 's a great start , but if you 've got 180 days in the school year , minus 120 days someone can sub , that still leaves 60 days without someone in the classroom . Which a superintendent might have a hard time trying to fill .
Larson says , `` It 's not a long-term solution . And so I feel like we have it covered for the first 120 days , but it 's figuring out what we 're going to do from that point on . ''
Larson thinks to end the shortage , lawmakers need to make it easier for licensed teachers to get qualified in more subjects .
Larson shares , `` If I have a teacher who 's been teaching 10 , 15 , 20 years , I think there should be some kind of value or expectation where we believe that teacher can then acquire some additional skills without going through all the additional coursework to switch into an additional content area . ''
Larson says there are alternative paths for teachers to help them switch their teaching focus . However , he says most of those programs are located in the Chicago area , making them out of reach for many Wabash Valley educators .
0 Parkland school shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz describes plans in chilling cellphone videos
PARKLAND , Fla. - Prosecutors on Wednesday released three brief videos in which the accused gunman in the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Valentine 's Day massacre in Parkland , Florida , can be heard outlining his plans to carry out the rampage , which left 17 people dead .
Nikolas Cruz , 19 , is heard in the recordings saying that he wanted to be a school shooter and sought notoriety , officials said . The videos are being used as evidence in the case .
`` Today is the day . The day that it all begins . The day of my massacre shall begin , '' Cruz said . `` My name is Nick , and I 'm going to be the next school shooter of 2018 . My goal is 20 people . ''
Investigators said Cruz ordered an Uber ride to the school , where he opened fire and roamed the hallways for several minutes .
`` Here 's the plan : I 'm going to go take Uber in the afternoon before 2:40 , '' he said . `` From there , I 'll go to the school campus , walk up the stairs , load my bags , take my AR and shoot people . ''
Prosecutors did n't say when the clips were recorded .
> > Read more trending news
`` I live a lone life , live in seclusion and solitude . I hate everyone and everything , '' he said . `` The power of my AR – you will all know who I am . I had enough of being told what to do and when to do ( it ) . ''
Cruz said he expected to become well-known for his plans .
`` When you see me on the news , you 'll all know who I am , '' he said .
Investigators said Cruz confessed to the crimes . He could face the death penalty if convicted .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
As phone users there 's nothing we want more than for our batteries to last all day .
But how often do you think your phone is on 89 % and before you know it , a low battery warning has popped up ?
Well , it turns out certain apps are responsible for leaving you with a flat battery by midday .
According to the Liverpool Echo , a report by antivirus software producer Avast found there are certain apps you can get rid of right now to help out your mobile .
There are applications that run in the background , eating away at the battery life and the report has listed the top ten offenders :
Samsung AllShare Samsung Security Policy Updates Beaming Service for Samsung ChatON Voice & Video Chat Google Maps WhatsApp Messenger Facebook WeChat AppLock DU Battery Saver
These are the apps draining all the life from your phone and there will be some on that list you know you do not need , so it is time to get deleting .
Alongside these apps , the report also looked at the top ten battery sucking apps we use ourselves :
Samsung WatchON Samsung Video Editor Netflix Spotify Music Snapchat Clean Master LINE : Free Calls & Messages Microsoft Outlook BBC News ES File Explorer File Manager
So , if you are on 20 % , maybe think again before opening Snapchat on the train .
If you are looking to free up some space on your phone , you might want to check out the apps that Avast say are eating the most of your storage and see if you can bear to delete them :
Facebook Instagram Amazon Kindle Facebook Messenger CosmoSia Google Quick Search Box Google Maps Google Chrome Firefox Browser fast & private Tango - Free Video Call & Chat
( Image : Getty Images )
And what about moblie data ? It can send your bill sky-rocketing if you go over , so the report also looked at the worst apps for eating your data while you are not even using them :
Netflix Spotify Music Snapchat BBC News LINE : Free Calls & Messages Microsoft Outlook Clean Master Samsung WatchON Amazon for Tablets PicsArt Photo Studio & Collage
You are going to want to make sure that they are completely off or think about deleting them all together if you 're serious about making your phone battery last longer .
Skyla Luckey has lived up to her name . But even more than lucky , she considers herself Biloxi 's Miracle Child .
The Paradise Papers—the trove of 13.4 million documents leaked largely from the files of Appleby , a Bermuda-based law firm—detail the many ways the biggest corporations and richest individuals use tax havens to avoid taxes , obscure ownership , and hide financial transactions . Reporters have only just begun to comb through the documents , but two things are already clear : First , Leona Helmsley was right when she famously said , “ Only the little people pay taxes. ” Second , the Republican tax bills are built around a very big and shameless lie .
The revelations show once again that the very wealthy of many countries—particularly the United States—and the largest global corporations do n't pay taxes like the rest of us . They use sophisticated law firms and accountants to set up shell companies , private trusts , and other dodges to avoid high taxes . Millionaires and billionaires of all ideological stripes—reactionaries like the Koch brothers and Robert Mercer , major Republican donors like Steve Wynn and Sheldon Adelson , liberal donors like George Soros and Penny Pritzker , Trump officials like Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and economic adviser Gary Cohn , Russian oligarchs like Leonid Mikhelson , celebrities like Bono and Madonna , and even Queen Elizabeth II—use offshore companies , obscure ownership arrangements , and elaborate trusts to avoid taxes . Global companies like Apple , Nike , Citibank , JPMorgan Chase , and Uber avoid literally billions in taxes .
Accountability is a joke . Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross misled Congress about his divestments while using a chain of the Cayman Islands offshore fronts that obscured investments in Navigator Holdings , which invests in a shipping company with ties to a Russian oligarch under US sanctions and with Vladi­mir Putin 's son-in law . Chief Executive Tim Cook told Congress that Apple does n't “ stash money on a Caribbean island ” even as the company was creating a new tax haven in an island in the English Channel .
http : //www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2017/12/web1_MSmith_T20170905_cmyk.jpg
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
Local News > Archive > February 2017 > 14
< < `` Man charged with possession of stolen goods '' - `` Car catches fire while driver pumps gas '' > >
Man tries to steal ice cream sandwich by stuffing it in his pants
By Brandon Davis
Published in News on February 14 , 2017 10:04 AM
A would-be shoplifter allegedly stuffed an ice cream sandwich and ice cream in his pants at an Exxon gas station Monday afternoon .
According to a Goldsboro police report , Justin Michael Warner , 29 , of 107 Hailey Drive , turned his back to the register and placed a giant ice cream sandwich , Reese 's ice cream , a bomber hat , a knit hat and a flap hat in his pants at the gas station , located at 2401 N. William St .
Two people approached Warner to confront him about the items in his pants , the report said . Warner then admitted to putting the items in his pants , and returned them to a gas station employee .
The items totaled to $ 61.18 , according to the report .
Warner was cited and released .
On the same day , around 3 p.m. , a woman allegedly placed baby back ribs in her purse at the Food Lion located at 1809 E. Ash St .
The police report said the woman put the ribs , totaling $ 14.73 , in her purse and exited the store without paying for them . An employee of the store told officers the women did not even go to the register .
The report said an employee with the store told officers the woman left in a gold Buick Century with a man and headed west on Ash Street .
Anyone with information on any crime in Wayne County is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 735-2255 . Callers may remain anonymous , and they may be eligible for a cash reward of up to $ 1,000 , if their information leads to an arrest in felony cases .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia has issued a travel warning recommending its citizens think twice before travelling abroad , saying the United States was hunting for Russians to arrest around the world .
The Foreign Ministry statement warns Russian citizens that when abroad they face a serious threat of arrest by other countries at Washington 's request , after which they could be extradited to the United States .
“ Despite our calls to improve cooperation between the relevant U.S. and Russian authorities ... U.S. special services have effectively continued ” hunting “ for Russians around the world , ” the travel warning said .
“ Considering these circumstances , we strongly insist that Russian citizens carefully weigh up all the risks when planning trips abroad , ” the Foreign Ministry said .
It said more than 10 Russians had been detained in foreign countries with U.S. involvement since the start of 2017 .
National flags of Russia and the U.S. fly at Vnukovo International Airport in Moscow , Russia April 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
By way of example , it pointed to at least four Russians arrested on U.S. cyber crime charges in Spain , Latvia and Greece . U.S. action against suspected Russian cyber criminals surged to a record high last year .
Seven Russians were arrested or indicted in 2017 in the United States and abroad , compared to an average of two a year in the preceding six years .
The ministry pointed to the case of Stanislav Lisov , accused of creating a computer virus that targeted customers of financial institutions , causing millions of dollars of damage , who was extradited from Spain to the United States last year .
It mentioned earlier cases as well , including the detention of Roman Seleznev for cyber crime in the Maldives in 2014 , which it described as a kidnapping by American agents .
The statement , published on Thursday , also warns Russian citizens that upon extradition they will face biased treatment at the hands of the U.S. justice system .
The U.S. State Department declined to comment .
Qatar central bank raises deposit rate 25 bps , keeps others unchanged
DOHA , June 15 Qatar 's central bank said on Thursday it was raising its overnight deposit rate by 25 basis points to 1.50 percent , after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates by the same margin .
Police in Tampa , Florida , are investigating an allegation that Chris Brown battered a club photographer early Monday , PEOPLE confirms .
Brown , 27 , has not been arrested in connection with the incident , though the alleged victim wants to press charges , police say . The case is categorized as a battery , according to a police statement .
Brown 's attorney did not immediately return PEOPLE 's request for comment .
Police say the singer allegedly “ sucker punched ” a 28-year-old club photographer in Tampa during a paid appearance at AJA Channelside about 1 a.m. Monday . ( Brown performed in Tampa the night before , at a stop on his The Party tour . )
The alleged victim claimed that Brown attacked him because he was taking photos after Brown arrived at the venue for an after-party “ showing , ” police said .
Brown — who is slated to perform in Jacksonville , Florida , on Tuesday — had left by the time officers arrived on the scene and the victim declined medical attention , though he suffered a “ minor ” cut to his lip , according to police .
“ At this point in the investigation , we have not been able to contact Mr. Brown , ” a Tampa police spokesperson tells PEOPLE . “ The investigation continues . ”
In a statement on Facebook , the club wrote , “ Incidents like the ones caused by Chris Brown and his team are very sad to see . … AJA Channelside and our employees apologize for the inconvenience . ”
Brown was only in the club for “ a few minutes , ” according to the statement .
He has had numerous run-ins with the law over the years — most notoriously for assaulting Rihanna , his then-girlfriend , in 2009 , for which he received probation and community service .
You 're almost there.We 've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration .
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time .
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CAMDEN , NJ - The Adventure Aquarium will debut their new Piranha Falls exhibit on Friday .
The exhibit features over 120 red bellied piranhas and gives you the feeling of being in a rainforest rain storm .
Aquarium representatives say the exhibit features a unique multi-sensory experience of life on the Amazon River , virtually taking you deep into the largest rainforest on Earth without leaving New Jersey .
Watch our school of 120 glittering red-bellied piranha swim below two beautiful waterfalls .
See , hear and feel the change in weather as an intense rainstorm moves in .
In the Alabama Republican Senate race , every candidate wants to be just like Donald Trump .
But in Tuesday 's primary , the leading candidate sounds and acts more like the president , while it 's the incumbent , an appointed senator just fighting to make it into a likely runoff , who has Trump 's actual blessing — but also the curse of being Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell 's favorite candidate .
That 's the conundrum of the Republican contest , largely seen as a three-way race between front-runner Roy Moore , a controversial former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice ; Sen. Luther Strange , appointed back in February to fill the seat of now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions ; and Rep. Mo Brooks , who 's seized on an anti-McConnell platform as the president 's attacks against the Senate 's top Republican have intensified recently .
Moore has consistently polled atop the field , and looks likely to claim a spot in a probable September runoff . His ads sound downright Trumpian , promising to `` drain the swamp '' and taking a swipe at D.C. elites .
Moore is well-known throughout the state — and the country — too . He first gained national notoriety when he refused to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments from a state judicial building despite a federal court order ; Moore himself was then removed from his position as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 2003 . He won election to the same post again in 2012 , but was then suspended after he ordered judges to enforce the state 's ban on same-sex marriage despite the Supreme Court 's 2015 decision in favor of gay marriage nationwide under the federal Constitution . He resigned earlier this year to challenge Strange .
To state observers , it 's not surprising that Moore has been able to build a strong following and even expand beyond what might be his typical conservative base in the state .
`` Alabama voters supported Trump because he spoke his mind and said all the things they had been thinking about government , '' said Brent Buchanan , a GOP strategist and pollster in the state . `` Out of all the candidates , Roy Moore has some of those similar characteristics . You may not agree with all of his policy or personal preferences , but you know that Roy Moore is going to do what Roy Moore believes . ''
That 's why it was so , well , strange last week when Trump tweeted out his support for Strange , saying the incumbent has his `` complete and total endorsement ! ''
The senator has benefited from millions of dollars in ads from the McConnell-aligned Senate Leadership Fund super PAC . The very next day after endorsing Strange , Trump started going on Twitter tirades against the GOP Senate leader for failing to pass a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act .
Strange has tried to prove his loyalty to the president ever since he was appointed under less than auspicious circumstances . As Alabama 's attorney general , Strange was investigating then-Gov . Robert Bentley for misuse of his office amid a sex scandal when Bentley chose Strange to replace Sessions . Facing impeachment , Bentley eventually resigned , and the new governor , Kay Ivey , moved up the date for the special election to replace Sessions long-term .
Polling done in the wake of Trump 's surprise endorsement showed that the president 's blessing had done little — yet — to move the needle toward Strange . One by cygnal , Buchanan 's firm , conducted partly after the endorsement , showed Moore still with a lead and high favorables , Strange remained static and it was Brooks who took a hit .
Buchanan said the Trump endorsement could help Strange turn out some who were less likely to vote on Tuesday , which could be key in what 's already expected to be a very low-turnout affair .
And the pro-Trump America First Action super PAC also announced late Friday it would be spending up to $ 200,000 on digital ads targeting Trump voters to encourage them to come out for Strange .
However , although he 's slipping in polling , Brooks is hoping to turn McConnell 's fervent support for Strange into a last-ditch way to get into the likely runoff against Moore . He 's hitched a `` Ditch Mitch '' banner to his campaign bus in the final days , and in his closing ad he echoes Trump 's frustration with McConnell 's inability to push through an Obamacare repeal .
`` McConnell and Strange are weak , but together we can be strong , '' Brooks says . `` Mr. President , is n't it time we tell McConnell and Strange , 'You 're fired ? ' ''
Ultimately , the Huntsville-area congressman has n't had the resources the other two candidates have had , and he has n't been elected statewide before like Moore and Strange . And , perhaps most damaging , he was certainly no fan of Trump during the GOP presidential primaries last year , during which he supported Texas Sen. Ted Cruz . McConnell 's super PAC has pointed that out in ads , saying Brooks sided with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif. , and Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Mass .
If Strange does fall short of the runoff , University of Alabama political science professor emeritus William Stewart , a longtime political observer in the state , said that 's a big problem for McConnell . And , if Strange does make it to the likely September runoff , expect that to be a big point Moore can use against Strange , too .
`` The McConnell support for Strange will not be helpful because McConnell , as the president says , has n't been successful at pushing through the president 's agenda , `` Stewart said . `` If Strange does n't make the runoff , that 's a definite blow to McConnell , '' more so than Trump .
Polling shows Moore is still the favorite against Strange in a runoff , and that 's where the McConnell ties could be the most deadly — and place the president in a more precarious spot given his surprising endorsement . Stewart said it would be interesting to watch how much Trump puts his muscle behind Strange later , and something like traveling to Alabama — one of Trump 's best states in 2016 — for a rally on the senator 's behalf would certainly give Strange a boost .
No matter who wins the GOP nomination though , they 'll be the heavy favorite in the December general election , even if it 's the more controversial Moore . Democrats are expected to nominate Doug Jones , a former U.S. attorney , though he could face a runoff against the aptly-named Robert Kennedy Jr. , a Naval veteran who is not related to the famous Democratic political family .
If Moore is the GOP nominee , it will be interesting to watch whether the Democrats can make it even a mildly competitive contest — something Stewart , the former University of Alabama professor , said is doubtful , and is emblematic of the problems the party faces overall in the South .
`` Right now the Democratic Party is very impotent here , '' Stewart said . `` I think whomever the Republicans choose as their nominee will be the winner . ''
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Complainants , led by a former SAF chief , had earlier filed a malversation and plunder complaint against the 4 cops over P59.8 million in unreleased allowances
Published 8:11 AM , April 25 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – Former members of the police 's Special Action Force ( SAF ) , including one of its former chiefs , asked the Ombudsman on Tuesday , April 24 , to suspend several cops amid a probe into missing funds .
In a supplemental joint affidavit filed on Tuesday , the original complainants in a case filed against former SAF chief Police Director Benjamin Lusad , former SAF finance chief Superintendent Andre Dizon , and finance sergeants Maila Salazar Bustamante and Jack James Rodrigo Irica , asked the Deputy Ombudsman for the Military and Other Law Enforcement Offices to put the 4 under preventive suspension .
“ The Order placing the said PNP personnel under preventive suspension is necessary in order to prevent them from influencing the conduct of the investigation , gathering of evidence , and harassing the witnesses against them , ” the complainants said in their supplemental affidavit .
Complainants , led by former SAF chief Moro Lazo , had filed cases against the 4 cops over P59.8 million in unreleased allowances .
The 4 have since been relieved from their post . Lusad , a 2-star general , currently reports to the Office of the Chief of the Philippine National Police ( PNP ) . Dizon , Bustamante , and Irica all report to the Personnel Holding and Accounting Unit ( PHAU ) in Camp Crame .
This means that the 4 continue to receive their respective salaries but hold no position in the police force .
Preventive suspension will mean their salaries will be put on hold , too .
The complainants filed the supplemental affidavit after Dizon , who had already been assigned to the Directorate for Integrated Police Operations in Southern Luzon ( DIPO-SL ) , returned P10 million to Bustamante on April 12 .
Dizon later returned over P27 million to the SAF 's finance department on April 15 , according to the supplemental affidavit . ( READ : Returning money wo n't stop probes vs ex-SAF chief – Dela Rosa )
Lusad and Dizon both moved to the DIPO-SL after being relieved from the SAF in January 2018 .
The complainants admitted they “ inadvertently forgot to request for the issuance of an Order for their preventive suspension pending the investigation of the complaints against them . ”
They argued that a preventive suspension would “ maintain and preserve all the allegations and attachments contained in our complaint . ”
The full list of complainants , a mix of former and current SAF personnel , is as follows :
( ret ) Police Director Moro Lazo
Superintendent Larry Corales
Superintendent Victor Lacwasan
Superintendent Oliver Ebora
Superintendent Garry Alegre
Superintendent Victor Sobrepeña
Chief Inspector Rolly Liegen
Chief Inspector Richard Agrade
Senior Inspector Gerardo Paler
Senior Police Office 3 Gamar Jajalis
Police Officer 2 Nichol Jamosmos
Police Officer 3 Joseph Emmanuel Cruz
Police Officer 2 Bryan Vinfold Cercado
– Rappler.com
April 28 Allied Electronics Corporation Ltd
* Headline earnings per share in continuing operations for fy ended 28 february 2017 is expected to be between 110 cents - 120 cents
* Headline earnings per share in continuing operations have been adversely affected by higher interest charges caused by higher borrowing costs
* Allied electronics - headline earnings per share for financial year ended 29 february 2016 is expected to be a profit of between 60 cents - 80 cents Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 80 6749 1136 )
× Compost company Cedar Grove happy with win in odor lawsuit
MARYSVILLE , Wash. ( AP ) _ A compost company says it 's relieved to have won a lawsuit over odors that might have emanated from its plant in Everett .
The Daily Herald reports ( https : //goo.gl/pcRHVK ) that a Snohomish County jury ruled earlier this month in favor of Cedar Grove Composting in a case brought by James Moffat , a Marysville resident who was among 350 plaintiffs in four lawsuits filed against thecompany in King and Snohomish counties .
Attorneys agreed to try Moffat 's case first , to get a sense of how the other cases could play out , but the outcome does not directly affect the other cases .
Cedar Grove says it tries to control any odors from its plants . The company argued residents could n't prove the odors came from its plants . The area is also home to a topsoil company , two municipal wastewater treatment plants and the Snohomish River estuary .
At 51 years old , Cindy Crawford ‘ s body seemingly has n't changed at all since her prime catwalk days . The supermodel 's one of many stars over 50 still confident enough to sport a skimpy bikini at the beach , but revealed in Vogue ‘ s latest “ 73 Questions ” video a surprising piece piece of clothing she would never wear in a million years : a crop top !
Instead , the mom to 18-year-old Presley Gerber and 15-year-old Kaia Gerber describes her style as “ California casual ” and sticks to basic “ jeans and a white shirt ” look when she 's off-duty .
As one of the modeling industry 's OG supermodels , Crawford 's had her fair share of crazy experiences on set of a photo shoot . The most memorable request a photographer once asked of her ? “ One photographer expected me to get on a surfboard with a surfer while wearing high heels and a dress , and get on a surfer 's shoulders and surf in and not get my hair wet ! ” the star said .
Although that one request was quite the balancing act for the model , Crawford loves a good oceanside shoot . “ The best location is any beach with warm water , ” she said . And the worst ? “ Any beach with cold water that I know they 're going to make me get into . ”
Looking for more style content ? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts , can't-live-without beauty products and more .
Once , she even posed nude as Eve in the Garden of Eden holding a huge snake over her shoulders , but vows she would never do it again .
RELATED PHOTOS : Cindy Crawford , Kim Kardashian West & More Celeb Moms Who Are Saving Their Iconic Dresses for Their Daughters
“ That was like my first and only shoot with a snake . First of all , it was heavy . Secondly , it smelled disgusting and thirdly it got a little too friendly , ” Crawford said of the photo , shot by famed photographer Annie Leibovitz .
FROM PEN : Supermodel Christie Brinkley is 63 and back in SI 's Swimsuit Issue with Her Daughters !
Although the modeling industry has changed quite a bit since the days Crawford broke into the scene in the '80s ( “ The crews are much bigger [ now ] ” ) her fundamental advice for success to young models , including her kids , has stayed the same . “ Be on time and stay off your phone , ” she said . “ I think I [ pulled off my career without Instagram ] with less self-consciousness , ” the supermodel added .
Now , Crawford 's sitting back with husband of almost 20 years , Rande Gerber , and enjoying watching her children follow in her footsteps and blossom into the next generation of supermodels . Kaia 's already landed two Marc Jacobs Beauty campaigns and designed a bag for the brand , while Presley made his runway debut at Jeremy Scott 's Moschino Resort show last year .
“ You know [ Rande and I ] actually really still like each other and we make sure we spend a lot of time together , ” Crawford said . “ We tease [ Kaia and Presley ] that we are going to follow them around the world ! ”
What do you love about Cindy 's style ? Share your thoughts in the comments below .
In the Houston Rockets ' first playoff game , Minnesota Timberwolves guard Jimmy Butler stood defending James Harden near the top of the key . It was late in the second quarter . Harden dribbled , took a step back to deep three-point territory and put up a shot . It went in , just as it has so many times this year . The step-back three , a shot so hard that few even try it , has become Harden 's signature play . He made 79 of them during the regular season . The next closest team made a collective 45 .
Early in the first quarter of game two last Wednesday night , Harden took nearly the same exact shot . He dribbled , stepped back , fired . He missed . It was a sign of things to come . His 11.1 percent shooting percentage for the game tied the worst mark he 's had as a Rocket .
The NBA playoffs is when legacies are made . Playoff basketball is LeBron James returning home and slaying a dragon during his 2016 title run ; it 's Kevin Durant 's pull-up three over James in last year 's finals that—to Durant , at least—represented a passing of the torch . When we decide to tell the story of a player , the plot comes from the postseason .
Right now , the book on Harden is that he 's the league 's likely MVP and already one of the most accomplished scorers of all time . He averaged 30 points and eight assists in the regular season , and his 29.8 player efficiency rating ( PER ) led the NBA . Charles Barkley called him “ the league 's most unguardable player ” after game one against the Timberwolves . And yet , he still has n't risen to the rank of James and Durant because , as the story goes , Harden ca n't win in the playoffs .
At Arizona State , Harden was a consensus All-American but failed to ever advance past the first weekend of the NCAA tournament . He finished his collegiate career with an NCAA tournament field goal percentage of .167 ( 3 for 18 ) . The Oklahoma City Thunder drafted him third overall in 2009 , but he always came off the bench . He won Sixth Man of the Year in 2012 , but that same year—the only time he 's played in the finals—marked his only finals appearance . He played terribly , and he knows it . “ Ever since then , I 've been tryna get back , get back , get back , ” he told GQ this month . “ Came close , but just did n't have enough talent . Until now . Different story . ”
Harden was traded the offseason following that finals loss . Handed the keys to his own franchise , he could n't carry the Rockets past the first round of the playoffs . Then came Dwight Howard , and the pressure to win increased dramatically . Howard and Harden constantly feuded , but made the Western Conference Finals in 2015 only to be dismantled by the Golden State Warriors . In the following months , the situation only worsened as the tension between Howard and Harden rose . Just eleven games into the 2015-2016 season , Kevin McHale was fired . The Rockets crept into the playoffs at 41-41 . They only lasted five games before being eliminated .
That 's when Harden 's story started to change . The following offseason , Rockets general manager Daryl Morey let Howard walk , betting big on his bearded guard . “ Let 's not put a boat anchor on Secretariat , ” he reportedly said in a staff meeting while looking for a new coach . “ Let 's double down . ”
So Morey hired the offensive guru D'Antoni and immediately , it was clear that the new system was tailor-made for Harden . Texas has never been a basketball state , but in a way , D'Antoni 's Rockets play a style of basketball that fits it perfectly . Is there anything more Texan than embracing an identity and blowing it way out of proportion ? They 've adopted isolation ball ( or ISO ) , where one player handles the ball and has to make a play on his own . It 's what most teams do at the end of games , when they need their star player to make a game-winning shot . Using it regularly was long considered inefficient , but the Rockets do it all the time . From 2004 to 2017 , no team averaged more than a point per possession using ISO . This year 's Rockets averaged 1.12 . Further , Harden scored 868 isolation points this year . That 's better than any other team in the league .
This season , the Rockets brought in Chris Paul to give Harden another pick-and-roll partner , making Harden 's ISO tendencies even more dangerous . As a result , Harden joined none other than Michael Jordan as the only players to ever average 30 points and eight assists per game while recording a true shooting percentage of greater than 60 percent . He became the first player to ever score 60 points in a triple double and broke the internet when his crossover sent Wesley Johnson tumbling to the ground . Harden stared Johnson down , licked his lips and nailed a three .
Harden 's Rockets were the winningest team in the NBA this season and rank as the seventh-most efficient offense in league history . He 's led them to the franchise win record and three double digit win streaks . As the Rockets will continue their playoff campaign Wednesday in Minneapolis , and it 's no stretch to say that for Harden , these games will define his career , even if the MVP voting is all but locked in .
“ I read something the other day [ that said ] sure James Harden should be the MVP , sure Chris Paul and James have been great , sure they set a franchise record [ for wins by ] about six games ' worth , but they 'll ultimately be judged by if they win a championship or not , ” Rockets head coach Mike D'Antoni said earlier this month . “ Really ? It does n't diminish what these guys have done . ”
Really ? Let 's think about it : Russell Westbrook 's standing in the league has , if anything , decreased after winning the MVP and averaging a triple double last year . Fans and analysts have picked his game to shreds . Steve Nash , playing in D'Antoni 's system in Phoenix , won back-to-back MVP awards in 2005 and 2006 , but he never had the same respect as players like Kobe Bryant and Tim Duncan .
In 2012 , King James had yet to win a single championship , but secured his third MVP award . His reaction upon hearing he took home the honor again ? “ I would give all three of them back for an NBA championship . ”
So no matter the potential recognition that would come from winning MVP , Harden is still a notch below James and Durant in the conversation of the league 's elite if he ca n't perform in the playoffs . Can he change that narrative ? So far , the answer has been . . . maybe ? Houston is a game away from advancing to the second round of the playoffs . Throughout this first series against the Timberwolves , we 've seen both sides of Harden : the scoring machine we 've become familiar with and the other , ice-cold playoff version . In games one and three , Harden looked like an MVP . In game two , he struggled to even hit a shot , only scoring twelve . In game four , there was some of each . Harden went 0-7 in the first quarter , his worst shooting performance in a quarter since 2015 . Then , Harden 's 22 third quarter points were the most a Rocket has ever scored in a single quarter . With that version of Harden on the floor , the Rockets recorded the second-highest scoring quarter in playoff history .
Moments like that quarter are why the Rockets are still the favorites to reach the finals . Houston 's biggest threat in the West , the Golden State Warriors , do n't seem as invincible as they have over the past four seasons , losing on Sunday to the tumultuous San Antonio Spurs . Warriors coach Steve Kerr says that Steph Curry wo n't play “ anytime soon ” , but he is expected to be healthy before a potential Warriors-Rockets Western Conference Finals . Even if Curry is back by then , it 's tough to imagine he 'll be at full strength . Then there 's the East , featuring the dysfunctional Cleveland Cavaliers , unproven Toronto Raptors , and even more unproven Philadelphia 76ers . All three teams have been beatable so far . No matter the finals opponent , the Rockets would be prohibitive favorites .
That 's the path for Harden to secure his legacy . Anything less than a championship will start the chatter again , louder this time , that Harden is a scorer and nothing else . A banner , though , would change everything—especially the narrative .
WASHINGTON—President Donald Trump 's administration kept a major campaign promise on Friday , implementing his Executive Order 13798 by issuing key protections for religious liberty , as well as protecting the unborn .
President Trump signed Executive Order 13798 on May 4 to declare the policy of the United States government regarding religious liberty under the U.S. Constitution and federal law , the first such order in American history .
advertisement
“ The Founders envisioned a Nation in which religious voices and views were integral to a vibrant public square , and in which religious people and institutions were free to practice their faith without fear of discrimination or retaliation by the Federal Government , ” the executive order says in Section 1 .
Going on to explain that the Constitution 's First Amendment enshrines fundamental rights to religious liberty , Section 1 continues , “ Federal law protects the freedom of Americans and their organizations to exercise religion and participate fully in civic life without undue interference by the Federal Government . ”
Later in the document , Section 4 of that executive order provides , “ In order to guide all agencies in complying with relevant Federal law , the Attorney General shall , as appropriate , issue guidance interpreting religious liberty protections in Federal law . ”
Attorney General Jeff Sessions acted Friday upon Section 4 's mandate , issuing guidance that declares 20 separate protections under federal law . They include :
The freedom of religion is a fundamental right of paramount importance , expressly protected by federal law . The free exercise of religion includes the right to act or abstain from action in accordance with one 's religious beliefs . The freedom of religion extends to persons and Americans do not give up their freedom of religion by participating in the marketplace , partaking of the public square , or interacting with the government . Government may not restrict acts or abstentions because of the beliefs they display . Government may not target religious individuals or entities for special disabilities based on their religion . Government may not target religious individuals or entities through discriminatory enforcement of neutral , generally applicable laws . Government may not officially favor or disfavor particular religious groups . Government may not interfere with the autonomy of a religious organization .
The attorney general 's memorandum includes protections under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act ( RFRA ) , including ( # 14 ) how demanding its legal standard is in protecting religious liberty , ( # 12 ) that it does not allow the federal government “ to second-guess the reasonableness of a religious belief , ” and ( # 13 ) RFRA is violated when the government “ substantially pressures ” a religious person or group “ to modify such observance or practice . ”
Sessions also clarifies religious protections under Title VII in federal law governing employers , regarding ( # 16 ) not discriminating against employees on the basis of religion , including ( # 17 ) religious observance and practice . Additionally , ( # 19 ) religious employers have the right to hire only individuals who agree with that religious faith , and ( # 20 ) the federal government may not require an organization to set aside any of its religious-liberty rights as a condition for getting any grant or benefit .
Each of these guidance provisions is accompanied by a full-paragraph explanation , and the full memorandum is accompanied by a 17-page appendix providing additional details .
The attorney general will also issue a memorandum to all divisions and offices within the U.S. Department of Justice on how to implement and enforce these religious-liberty protections .
Also on Friday , the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services issued pro-life protections authorized by Section 3 of the executive order to repeal the “ abortion mandate ” in Obamacare , as Breitbart News is reporting in detail .
Friday 's actions do not foreclose the option that the attorney general can issue additional guidance as appropriate in the future .
Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News . Follow him on Twitter @ kenklukowski
Once again this holiday season , two Atlanta landmarks have their halls decked with Christmas trees representing the city 's global diversity .
At Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport , Global Winter Wonderland has led to festive firs being placed throughout Concourse F for the enjoyment of travelers passing through the international terminal .
Consular staff from 12 countries added ornaments reflecting the character of their home countries , marking the third year consulates have taken part in what airport leaders are building into an annual tradition .
Costa Rica 's tree is draped with a sparkling ornament that says , “ Pura Vida , ” the slogan that Ticos aim to live by and impart to tourists visiting their country . The tree is topped with a toucan .
Turkey 's is hung with orbs that bring to mind the country 's colorful pottery . It 's also festooned with a flag from Turkish Airlines , which has now been flying to Atlanta from Istanbul for more than a year .
Other trees are more subtle , like Guyana 's , which features shimmering spherical ornaments arrayed from top to bottom in a pattern reminiscent of the country 's flag . Canada 's is also somewhat muted , favoring a snowflake motif in the red and white of the Canadian flag .
Other countries participating include Argentina , Haiti , India , Jamaica , Japan , Lithuania , Nigeria and Sweden . The program was inaugurated Nov. 29 along with the Hartsfield-Jackson tree-lighting and the unveiling of the live music and seasonal decor that will greet travelers throughout December .
Fernbank Museum of Natural History , which started its own Winter Wonderland program many years ago , has retained its tradition , tying each tree 's decor to an educational lesson about the country it represents .
Mexico 's tree focuses on Lotería , a game of chance brought over by Spanish settlers in the 15th century . Similar to bingo , the game includes 54 cards depicting characters , animals and natural scenes . Dried beans are used to cover cards that have been called out until all are occupied . The winner calls out “ Loteria ! ”
Taiwan ‘ s tree , meanwhile , focuses on its tradition of manufacturing bicycles , while Puerto Rico 's looks at the coqui frog , an important contributor to the U.S. territory 's biodiversity . Switzerland ‘ s focuses on alpine athletics , and Peru ‘ s calls out a traditional art form : wooden boxes called retablos .
The full list of Fernbank trees ( and the organizations that decorated them ) is as follows :
The Arab World – Alif Institute/Arab American Fund of Georgia and Arab American Women 's Society of Georgia
Argentina
Canada – Consulate General of Canada in Atlanta
Denmark – Danish American Chamber of Commerce
Georgia – Atlanta-Tbilisi Sister City Committee and
Georgia to Georgia Foundation
Germany – German Consulate General and the Goethe-Zentrum
Ghana – Ghanaian Women Association of Georgia
Guatemala – Consulate General of Guatemala
Haiti – Consulate General of Haiti in Atlanta
Hungary – Honorary Consulate General of the Republic of Hungary and the Hungarian Club of Georgia
India – BAPS Shri Swaminarayan Mandir
Ireland – Consulate General of Ireland
Israel – The Weber School
Italy – La Societa Italia
Japan – Consulate General of Japan
Kenya – Association of Kenyans in America , StoryMoja Africa and JENJONS LLC
Mexico – Consulate General of Mexico and the Mexico Tourism Board
Peru – Consulate General of Peru
Philippines – Philippine Honorary Consulate , Your Flowers By Isabel , Galing Foundation and Friends
Puerto Rico – Puerto Rico Tourism Company
Switzerland – Consulate General of Switzerland and Swiss American Society Atlanta
Taiwan – TECO Atlanta and Global Federation of Chinese Business Women Atlanta Chapter
Thailand – Thai Association of Georgia
Trinidad and Tobago – Atlanta Port-of-Spain Sister City Committee ,
Turkey – Honorary Consulate of the Republic of Turkey , American Turkish Friendship Council and Kennesaw State University
Venezuela – Por Venezuela
Winter Wonderland is included in the museum 's ticket price . Certain special days will include cultural performances , hands-on crafts and , of course , photo opps with Fernbank 's “ Santa-saurus . ”
Learn more here : http : //www.fernbankmuseum.org/explore/special-exhibitions/winter-wonderland/
Or watch a video below . More tree photos will be added as they 're received .
0 MPD cracking down on drunk drivers Super Bowl weekend
MEMPHIS , Tenn. - Super Bowl weekend is upon us . For many , that means a good time and some drinks while watching the game .
RELATED : MPD conducting DUI checkpoints at 2 locations Saturday
Memphis police said they 're cracking down on DUIs , encouraging drivers to be safe .
They said more officers will be on the roads this weekend .
“ You know it 's Super Bowl Sunday . If you know you 're going to get drunk , just stay in the house , ” driver Darius Taylor . Simple instructions from Darius Taylor , who said he 's never had a drink in his life .
But this weekend is a big party weekend , and Memphis police are hoping all drivers will be sober .
Trending stories :
The department said they 're using some grant money from the Tennessee Highway Safety office to put more MPD cars on the roads .
“ It 's a fund that comes from the state that encourages us to get out and prevent DUI accidents crashes and fatalities , ” said Col. Sam Hines of MPD .
Col. Sam Hines commands MPD 's traffic division .
He said a checkpoint will be in place somewhere in Memphis , and officers will be all over town .
When we asked about target areas , Hines said , “ We would take and put enforcement in those areas where we 've seen crashes that resulted in fatalities . ”
As the number of officers on the streets will go up this weekend , Hines said DUI numbers have actually taken a dip in recent years .
“ We have shown that just over the last year or two we have seen out DUI fatalities and lockups have gone down , ” said Hines . An encouraging sign for Hines who understands people will drink . He just wants them to do it safely .
“ We realize drivers tend to drink heavy on that weekend . ”
As many people know , DUIs can cost drivers upward of $ 10,000 , and that 's on the first offense .
That 's why police hope drivers opt for the cheaper option , an Uber or cab for about $ 20 .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
DELAWARE , OHIO – They train becoming Quidditch players ( and learn about health and human kinetics ) , study the superpowers of superheroes ( and learn about physics ) , and solve mysteries inspired by Sherlock Holmes ( and learn about deductive reasoning . )
And the 545 gifted and talented sixth- , seventh- , and eighth-graders selected to attend Ohio Wesleyan University 's 37th annual OWjL summer camp in June learn other valuable lessons , too , said Susan Paxton , executive director of the residential camp .
“ They meet other students like themselves and , as a result , they learn it 's OK to be smart , ” Paxton said , noting that many have never visited a college campus , taken accelerated classes , or been surrounded by peers deemed to be among the nation 's most academically advanced middle-schoolers .
Students invited to attend OWjL camp are nominated by principals , guidance counselors , or teachers from schools in Delaware , Fairfield , Franklin , Licking , Madison , Marion , Morrow , Pickaway , and Union counties . The students all have earned high test scores on nationally normed tests and demonstrated exceptional talent , creativity , or leadership .
While living for a week on the Ohio Wesleyan campus , the OWjL campers choose from more than 50 classes in mathematics , logic , computing , science , humanities , and creative development .
This year 's OWjL teachers include nine Ohio Wesleyan faculty , staff , and alumni , as well as national board-certified secondary school teachers , teachers of gifted and talented students , and other experts in their fields . The camp counselors are students from Ohio Wesleyan and various colleges and universities .
The 2018 camp includes three weeklong sessions running from June 10-15 ( grades six and seven ) , June 17-22 ( grades seven and eight ) , and June 24-29 ( grades six and seven ) .
Pronounced “ owl , ” the camp 's acronym stands for Ohio Wesleyan/Junior League of Columbus . Ohio Wesleyan and the Junior League founded it in 1981 , following a two-year study that determined gifted and talented middle school students were underserved during the school year with programs to promote discovery and foster skills in problem-solving , critical thinking , creativity , research , leadership , and communication . Nearly 16,000 children have benefited from the OWjL experience since the camp was founded . Learn more at www.owu.edu/owjl .
Founded in 1842 , Ohio Wesleyan University is one of the nation 's premier liberal arts universities . Located in Delaware , Ohio , the private university offers more than 90 undergraduate majors and competes in 23 NCAA Division III varsity sports . Through Ohio Wesleyan 's signature OWU Connection program , students integrate knowledge across disciplines , build a diverse and global perspective , and apply their knowledge in real-world settings . Ohio Wesleyan is featured in the book “ Colleges That Change Lives ” and included in the U.S. News & World Report and Princeton Review “ best colleges ” lists . Learn more at www.owu.edu .
http : //www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/05/web1_OWjL-Camp-Ohio-Wesleyan-Photo-by-Reilly-Wright-.jpg
Thursday on MSNBC 's “ Hardball , ” host Chris Matthews said Republicans were “ fanatics ” on guns and that they even supported private ownership of tanks .
advertisement
Matthews said , “ The Republican platform protects magazines . It protects AR-15s . It protects everything that is even discussed . They have n't gotten to this bump thing yet , this thing that changes the gun into an automatic . But they clearly when they hear something 's coming their way , they put it in their platform and say , ‘ Leave it alone . ' They are fanatics . The Republican Party as a party is a fanatic party on guns . ”
He added , “ Well you know what the Republican 's says in their platform that the right to bear arms precedes the Constitution . It 's a God-given sort of theological right . They treat this like religion . I do n't know how to explain it . It 's a religious , essential notion to them that everybody should have any kind of gun they want , any—a bazooka , a tank . They never put a limit on it , ever . ”
( h/t WFB )
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @ pamkeyNEN
March 31 West Ham United joint-chairman David Gold has dismissed media reports suggesting Slaven Bilic will be replaced at the end of the season , insisting that the club 's board have `` no issues '' with the manager .
Bilic has come under increasing pressure with West Ham on a five-game winless run in the Premier League and media reports have touted Huddersfield Town manager David Wagner and Reading boss Jaap Stam as possible successors to the Croatian .
`` There is no issue between me and the board and Slaven , and I go to every board meeting , and in the board there have been no discussions over Slaven -- he 's our manager we all like him , he 's a great guy , '' Gold told reporters on Thursday .
`` There are no issues . There never has been a new contract on the table . He still has the rest of this season and next season . ''
Bilic has also had to deal with a host of off-field incidents such as moving to the London Stadium , fan unrest , crowd trouble and Dimitri Payet 's transfer to Olympique de Marseille in January .
`` He 's had a tough season , we accept that . He 's had stadium issues outside of his control . He 's had Payet issues ... He 's had injury issues , '' the 80-year-old Gold added .
West Ham , who are currently 12th in the table , nine points above the relegation zone , will look to end a three-game losing streak when they travel to 19th-placed Hull City on Saturday . ( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru )
Aug 12 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Norwegian championship matches on Saturday Saturday , August 12 Molde 1 Rosenborg Trondheim 2 Friday , August 11 Sandefjord Fotball 2 Sogndal 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Rosenborg Trondheim 19 12 5 2 39 15 41 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 2 Sarpsborg 08 18 9 6 3 29 17 33 3 Molde 19 9 4 6 31 22 31 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 4 Brann Bergen 18 7 7 4 33 17 28 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 5 Sandefjord Fotball 19 8 3 8 26 30 27 6 FK Haugesund 17 7 4 6 21 19 25 7 Odd Grenland 17 7 4 6 14 19 25 8 Stabaek 18 7 4 7 27 33 25 9 Aalesund 18 6 5 7 24 24 23 10 Lillestrom 18 6 5 7 27 28 23 11 Valerenga Oslo 17 6 5 6 22 23 23 12 Stromsgodset IF 18 5 7 6 22 25 22 13 Sogndal 19 5 5 9 22 30 20 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 14 Kristiansund BK 18 4 6 8 23 32 18 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 15 Viking Stavanger 18 3 5 10 19 30 14 16 Tromso 17 3 5 9 17 32 14 1 : Champions League preliminary round 2-3 : Europa League preliminary round 4 : Europa League depending on domestic cup 14 : Relegation play-off 15-16 : Relegation Next Fixtures ( GMT ) : Sunday , August 13 Aalesund v Viking Stavanger ( 1600 ) FK Haugesund v Stabaek ( 1600 ) Kristiansund BK v Sarpsborg 08 ( 1600 ) Brann Bergen v Odd Grenland ( 1600 ) Stromsgodset IF v Lillestrom ( 1800 ) Monday , August 14 Valerenga Oslo v Tromso ( 1700 )
A A
Dear Mayo Clinic : I started working a night shift six months ago , and I just ca n't get enough sleep . I 'm having a hard time staying asleep during the day . Most days , I get five hours of sleep or less . What can I do to get more sleep ? I 'm worried that lack of sleep is going to affect my health .
Trying to sleep during the day rather than at night can be difficult . As you 've found out , humans naturally are wired to be awake during the day and sleep at night . But there are steps you can take to help your body adjust and get the sleep you need .
Your body has an internal sleep-wake rhythm . In most people , that rhythm generally fits a 24-hour cycle . Because of your sleep-wake rhythm , you get sleepy at certain times of the day and become more alert at other times . The main influence on this rhythm is exposure to external light .
Shift work often presents sleep problems because the timing is a mismatch between your body 's biological sleep-wake cycle and the schedule required by your job . When you have to work , your internal rhythm wants you to sleep . When you are done working and you want to sleep , your body thinks it 's time to be awake .
To help your body get enough sleep , first , stay consistent . Go to bed and get up at the same time each day , including on your days off . This will allow your body to adapt to your schedule . Changing your sleep schedule when you do n't work makes it much more difficult for your body to adjust , making it less likely you will get the sleep you need over time .
When you go to work , surround yourself with plenty of bright light . If you drink caffeine , do it early in your shift . If the sun starts to rise during your commute home , wear dark sunglasses to dim the external light . As soon as you arrive home , go to bed . If you delay , it will be more difficult to get to sleep .
Set up your bedroom environment to help you sleep . Keep it dark , covering the windows with room-darkening shades or curtains to block out any external light . Wearing a sleep mask over your eyes also may be useful . Adjust the temperature in your room so it is cool and comfortable .
Your surroundings should be quiet . If other family members are home when you sleep , ask them to respect your need to rest . If possible , sleep in a room located away from family areas that can get noisy .
Leading a healthy , active lifestyle also can promote healthy sleep . Eat a well-balanced diet . Keep alcohol to a minimum . Although alcohol can make it easier to fall asleep faster , it makes it harder to stay asleep . Exercise regularly .
Most adults need seven to eight hours of sleep every 24 hours . Few people can function well on five hours or less . Without enough sleep , your health may suffer . You probably already know that lack of sleep can lead to fatigue , irritability and difficulty concentrating . But , over time , people who do n't get the sleep they need also may be at higher risk for other health problems , including high blood pressure , heart disease and diabetes .
Educational Qualification : Graduate Important Date : Starting date for applying : 20-12-2016 Ending date for applying : 12-1-2017 61 Posts View More Details Apply Online Registration …
Daria Kasatkina shocked Caroline Wozniacki to knock the Australian Open champion out of the St Petersburg Ladies ' Trophy .
World number one Wozniacki , who won her first Grand Slam title in Melbourne last month , was ousted in straight sets as eighth seed Kasatkina claimed a 7-6 ( 7/2 ) 6-3 win on Friday .
Victory for the Russian world number 23 set up a semi-final clash with defending champion Kristina Mladenovic , who beat the Czech Republic 's Katerina Siniakova 6-3 6-4 .
Mladenovic , who won the Australian Open doubles title with Timea Babos last month , defeated Siniakova in 78 minutes to win her seventh straight game in St Petersburg .
“ It was a very good match , ” Mladenovic said on court after the match . “ I think she 's a very good mover , and the first set was such high quality on the serve , from both of us . It was very difficult to have opportunities to break each other . ”
Earlier , Petra Kvitova upset world number six Jelena Ostapenko 6-0 6-2 in a dominant display .
The two-time Wimbledon champion took just 58 minutes to dismantle Ostapenko and broke serve five times .
“ At the end of the last match , I found my rhythm a little bit – I knew I had to play a little bit better today , against someone who is playing very aggressive , ” Kvitova said on court after the match .
“ I had to stay focused on every point , which I did .
“ It was just about a few games which I was serving and kept my serve . I served pretty well today , so it was great . ”
She will play Julia Goerges who overcame 18-year-old Russian Elena Rybakina 6-3 6-3 .
The in-form German , who sits at a career-high ranking of 12th in the world , has won 18 of her last 19 matches .
She is also looking for her fourth title in her last five tournaments after winning the Kremlin Cup and the WTA Elite Trophy last year and the ASB Classic last month .
– PA
Share it :
Do n't Miss
Beirut Radar Pictures
The camera focuses on a group of children laughing and playing around a rainbow umbrella on a beach . The sun is shining , and there 's not a cloud in the sky . The children ignore the menacing tanks that roll by just a few feet away . The dichotomy of blissful innocence and violent corruption recurs throughout “ Beirut , ” and it reminds viewers that , even in places devastated by war , peace can still be found if one looks hard enough .
Mason Skiles ( Jon Hamm ) , a U.S. diplomat to Beirut , loses everything when his wife , Nadia ( Leïla Bekhti ) , is killed in a terrorist attack . Ten years later , the United States government manipulates Skiles into returning to Beirut , despite the fact that he left his role in the government soon after his wife died . Upon returning to Beirut , Skiles must negotiate a hostage exchange with Karim Abou Rajal ( Idir Chender ) , who has taken an American agent captive . The film 's set-up is somewhat sloppy and far-fetched . The viewer is supposed to believe that Skiles , a man who left Beirut a decade ago , is the government 's best option in retrieving this hostage when , in reality , the government would have other , better-equipped agents to deal with the crisis . Additionally , the hostage just so happens to be Skiles ' former best friend , and the terrorist just happens to be the one responsible for Nadia 's murder . The odds of these circumstances coinciding is so unlikely that it hurts the believability of the plot .
The film jumps around in a way that weakens the impact of Skiles ' personal journey : His wife dies , and the story immediately jumps 10 years into the future . Most of the discussion of Skiles ' grief is left to oddly placed flashbacks and a literal trip down memory lane in which he returns to his former house . Skiles ' story of perseverance and redemption would resonate more if the viewer got to see more of his grieving process .
“ Beirut ” is not a masterpiece , but it is an enjoyable thriller that makes the viewer question the actions and motives of the United States government in its interactions with the Middle East . The film 's reflection of real–world events makes it resonate more with viewers . Director Brad Anderson focuses on the Lebanese Civil War , and the missteps and questionable actions by the United States as depicted in the movie remind viewers of current events in Syria . “ Beirut ” lacks strong protagonists , which is representative of the complicated nature of that ongoing conflict . The majority of the film consists of Skiles and other State Department officials racing against Rajal 's deadline to meet his demands . Skiles and company must also navigate the treacherous waters of politics in the Middle East , which is where the real heart of the suspense lies . Double crosses and ulterior motives provide most of the movie 's excitement because the characters do not know who to trust . This provides plenty of uncertainty for viewers , drawing them further into the plot .
Hamm carries the movie with a charismatic performance that reminds the viewer of his award-winning depiction of Donald “ Don ” Draper in “ Mad Men. ” Hamm perfectly conveys the crushing loss Skiles feels years after his wife dies . Hamm also takes painfully clichéd dialogue and hams it up . For example , Skiles is sitting in a bar when he is asked to return to Beirut . With a shot glass in hand and fluorescent green lights covering his face , he says , “ I would n't go to Beirut if it was the last place on Earth. ” Dialogue like that should not work because it is so on-the–nose and unsubtle . However , Hamm 's strong , confident delivery makes it palatable , if not amusing .
Disregarding the last five minutes of the movie , “ Beirut ” is a captivating spy thriller that holds the viewer 's attention and tells a fairly successful story . It is in those last five minutes that Anderson polarizes the audience . One of the Americans , Frank Shalen ( Larry Pine ) , states that everyone won , which is an ignorant conclusion to draw from the resolution of the hostage exchange . The characters that survive pile into their Jeeps and literally ride off into the sunrise . As they do so , an American flag waves in the foreground . The Jeeps exit the frame , and the camera focuses on the flag just long enough to be obnoxious . Some viewers may appreciate the blatant patriotism , while others will call it nauseating nationalism . The film ends on this sour note , leaving viewers with a bad taste in their mouths .
“ Beirut ” is a typical espionage thriller . It offers some plot twists , a strong performance by Hamm and a believable depiction of the United States ' controversial involvement in the Middle East . The film stands out from others in its genre because of the relevance of its story , but jumps in narrative and the plot 's implausibility hurt its overall quality .
Winning numbers drawn in 'SuperCash ' game
MADISON , Wis. ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Wisconsin Lottery 's `` SuperCash '' game were :
14-18-23-24-38-39 , Doubler : N
( fourteen , eighteen , twenty-three , twenty-four , thirty-eight , thirty-nine ; Doubler : N )
¶ Maximum prize : $ 350,000
× Pentagon begins review of nuclear weapons policy
WASHINGTON — The Pentagon has begun its latest review of US policy on the use of nuclear weapons , which could see the US posture returning to an emphasis on competing with countries like Russia .
The review , which typically occurs every eight years , will establish US nuclear policy , strategy and force posture regarding the use of nuclear weapons under the Trump administration .
Secretary of Defense James Mattis announced Monday that the Department of Defense has begun its Nuclear Posture Review , a process President Donald Trump directed Mattis to undertake in a presidential memorandum signed durincg his January visit to the Pentagon .
A final report will be presented to Trump “ by the end of the year , ” chief Pentagon spokesperson Dana White said in a statement .
There have been three reviews since the end of the Cold War , the most recent one conducted in 2010 under President Barack Obama .
“ If you look back not just to the 2010 nuclear posture review , but if you look back 20 years … you see a fundamental de-emphasis of nuclear weapons in our national security strategy , ” said Gen. John Hyten , commander of US Strategic Command , which oversees America 's nuclear forces .
“ Our adversaries have taken the exact opposite view of our de-emphasis and have emphasized those nuclear capabilities once again , ” he added , referencing Russian and Chinese efforts to modernize and upgrade their respective nuclear forces .
The US has also pursued some modernization efforts regarding its arsenal , including conducting a non-nuclear flight test last month of its B61-12 gravity bomb .
That test involved the dropping of a modernized version of the bomb , first developed in the 1960s , from an F-16 at Tonopah Test Range in Nevada .
The 2010 report listed nuclear terrorism and proliferation as the primary nuclear threats and said , “ Russia and the United States are no longer adversaries . ”
Given mounting tensions with Moscow in the years following its 2014 invasion and annexation of Crimea , it 's likely that this year 's review will take a markedly different tone .
Asked about the review this month , Hyten told the Senate Armed Services Committee that the new effort would indeed take a look at Moscow 's ambitions .
“ We will look at what Russia is doing in terms of violation of the ( Intermediate Nuclear Forces ) treaty , and then we will look at military options in order to respond to what we see in the threat , ” he said , referring to the US allegation that Moscow deployed an operational land-based nuclear-capable cruise missile this year .
The 2010 review also placed limits on when the US would be willing to use nuclear weapons , saying , “ The United States will not use or threaten to use nuclear weapons against non-nuclear weapons states that are party to the ( Non-Proliferation Treaty ) , ” while also suggesting the US would not retaliate against a chemical or biological weapons attack with nuclear weapons .
“ It would be wonderful , a dream would be that no country would have nukes , but if countries are going to have nukes , we 're going to be at the top of the pack , ” Trump told Reuters in a February interview .
The review is to be led by the deputy secretary of defense and the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Gen. Paul Selva , and include interagency partners , according to the statement .
The current acting deputy secretary is Robert Work , though Trump has nominated Boeing executive Patrick Shanahan to replace him .
by Maggie McKay
Saturday at the ASCAP Expo Stevie Wonder got political and said if he were president he 'd build LOVE bombs , read on who knows what the future could hold for this multi talented artist .
Click here to read more .
ZURICH The IOC said it had not detected any significant abuse of clenbuterol after finding `` very low levels '' of the banned substance during re-testing of samples from the Beijing Olympics .
The International Olympic Committee 's comments on Monday came one day after German broadcaster ARD reported that traces of the banned substance were found in samples provided by members of the Jamaican sprint team at the Games in 2008 .
Jamaica won 10 medals in the sprint events led by Usain Bolt , who took gold in the men 's 100 and 200 metres .
In a statement , the IOC said that `` very low levels of clenbuterol '' were found in the cases of athletes from a number of countries and different sports . It said the athletes were innocent and could not give any more details .
Without mentioning Jamaica or the ARD allegations , the IOC said that all values were `` in the range of potential meat contamination cases '' .
It said it `` carefully deliberated '' whether or not to proceed with the cases and consulted the World Anti-Doping Agency ( WADA ) .
According to the IOC , WADA said that it could not find `` any significant and consistent pattern of abuse of clenbuterol in these cases and that it would be appropriate not to take these cases any further '' .
`` FALSE REPORT ''
Jamaican officials said they hoped the IOC and WADA would set the record straight with regard to the ARD report .
`` I think some of the innuendoes and assertions have been unfortunate , if not outright false , and hopefully these will be corrected by the IOC and WADA in due course , ” Jamaica Olympic Association president Mike Fennell told Reuters .
He said his association had not received any official notification from the IOC or WADA about the allegations .
“ It is clear that there are many people in the world that want to get at Jamaica because some of them feel that we have been far too successful and we do not deserve to be successful , '' Fennell added .
`` They can not believe that this little country can produce so many superstars and they are trying to find some way to damage that .
`` Our athletes are clean and we respect the anti-doping rules . ''
Warren Blake , president of the Jamaica Athletics Administrative Association , also questioned if the report was aimed `` at trying to destroy Jamaica 's good name . ''
`` I find it very interesting that the WADA official that they showed in the documentary made no mention of sprinters , but yet still they have extrapolated from Jamaican athletes to sprinters , '' he said .
BEIJING RE-TESTS
The IOC stores samples for a decade to test with newer methods or for new substances . It ordered re-tests of samples from Beijing in the run-up to last year 's Rio Olympics to try and root out drug cheats .
Clenbuterol is a performance-enhancing substance sometimes found in weight-loss pills and is on the WADA banned list .
In 2011 , more than 100 players tested positive for clenbuterol during the under-17 soccer world championship held in Mexico . They were also acquitted of any wrongdoing after FIFA , soccer 's world governing body , said they were victims of a health problem in the country .
However , double Tour de France champion Alberto Contador of Spain was handed a two-year ban for testing positive for clenbuterol during the 2010 race , despite maintaining that he had eaten contaminated meat .
Jamaica were stripped of the Beijing 4x100 metres gold medal in January when Nesta Carter was found in re-tests of his sample to have taken the banned stimulant methylhexaneamine .
The whole relay team lost their medals as a result , including Bolt .
( Writing by Brian Homewood , additional reporting by Kayon Raynor in Kingston ; Editing by Mark Heinrich and Gene Cherry )
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
Actress Amber Heard was quickly condemned on social media after she shared a warning about ICE checkpoints that many deemed to be `` racist . ''
`` Just heard there 's an ICE checkpoint in Hollywood , a few blocks from where I live , '' Heard tweeted Tuesday morning . `` Everyone better give their housekeepers , nannies , and landscapers a ride home tonight ... ''
Heard , 32 , later deleted the tweet , but not before she was widely criticized on social media for seemingly stereotyping the jobs held by Hispanic people .
`` Why did you delete your initial tweet ? Is that all they are to you ? '' wrote one Twitter user named Don Carlo . `` Out of touch much ? ''
In an appearance on the “ Unnecessary Roughness ” podcast , NBA legend Charles Barkley said he would rather go ringless than join a super team as seen in today 's NBA with the Golden State Warriors and whichever team new Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James has been on , or even in previous years with the Boston Celtics .
“ I 'd rather not win than be on a super team , ” Barkley stated . “ It does n't matter what option you are . Sports are about competition . It 's about competition . Like , I admire Patrick Ewing for trying to bring a championship to New York . I admire Reggie Miller for trying to bring a championship [ to Indiana ] . I admire Michael Jordan for not leaving when they got beat by the Pistons every year . He did n't pack up and say , ‘ Let me play with Magic [ Johnson ] or [ Larry ] Bird . ' ”
The “ Round Mound of Rebound ” added , “ There 's something to be said — When Dirk Nowitzki finally won the championship — he could be like , ‘ Yes , I did this . ' It 's easy to get a bunch of superstars or really good players together and say , ‘ Let 's build a super team . ' ”
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @ MagnifiTrent
. @ seanspicer : `` Irresponsible '' for Obama to act on intel report on alleged Russian hacking as it is not yet final https : //t.co/lPWONBiTwk
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Monday on CNN 's “ New Day , ” incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer fielded questions from co-host Alisyn Camerota about what President-elect Donald Trump 's reaction should be to the allegations the Russian government was behind hacking activity that potentially led to last month 's election outcome .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Spicer responded by telling Camerota she was asking him to react to intelligence that was not finalized , which he deemed to be irresponsible .
“ The president-elect is privy to a lot of classified information , intelligence reports . He gets briefed by his national security team on a daily basis . So as president-elect , he is privy to information that most people are n't and he 's able to understand what the intelligence is and draw conclusions from that . One thing I think that 's missing from this discussion , is that this report that everybody keeps talking about is not final . The current president of the United States has n't seen a final report . The intelligence community is talking about wrapping it up later this week . So , for anyone to talk about what 's in the report , it 's not final yet . I think the idea that we 're jumping to conclusions before we have a final report is frankly irresponsible . ”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @ jeff_poor
We started off today with chilly conditions as temperatures sat in the 30s for much of the area . As we move into this afternoon we will have temperatures rise into the 60s under a mostly clear sky and no chance for rain , making for a nice day . For tonight we will have temperatures fall quickly though , and we will be back in the 30s again for lows under a clear sky .
Niki Lopez once had a disturbing nightmare , and it still haunts her .
In the dream , she is panicking about finding the perfect outfit for her young son to wear before she introduces him to Dwight “ Malachi ” York — the cult leader who repeatedly sexually abused her decades before when she was a child .
Lopez began being abused by York when she was 13 after her family moved into his compound when she was 11 .
“ When kids visited him they were in their best outfits , ” Lopez , now 43 , tells PEOPLE about the leader of the United Nuwaubian Nation of Moors , a black supremacist cult she finally escaped in 2000 at the age of 25 .
The cult is featured in next Monday 's episode of People Magazine Investigates : Cults , airing July 9 ( 9 p.m . ET ) on Investigation Discovery .
Nightmares plague Lopez when she 's awake , too . A passing glance from a stranger can still throw her off . “ There was this guy that had similar complexion and features as York . I think it was his nose that reminded me of him . I just clenched up . It 's still a struggle . ”
Like so many of York 's former child sex slave victims , Lopez 's childhood was a living nightmare of slavery , starvation and sexual abuse . Four years after her escape from the cult , she testified against York in a trial that would result in his being sentenced to 135 years in federal prison for transporting minors across state lines for sexual purposes . He remains jailed at 73 .
• For more on the abuses of Dwight “ Malachi ” York and the United Nuwaubian Nation of Moors , watch Monday 's People Magazine Investigates : Cults at 9 p.m . ET on Investigation Discovery .
Lopez says she is sharing her story in the hopes it will encourage other survivors to speak out .
As far as Lopez can remember , her life revolved around York , an ex-con who in the 60 's founded his own Muslim sect that preached black supremacist ideas and Islamic mysticism . Lopez 's mother , who was drawn to York 's teachings , moved Lopez and her two siblings to York 's Brooklyn compound in 1986 .
About two years later , Lopez was groomed and then abused .
Niki Lopez Michael Anthony Clark
Tracey Bowen , a lieutenant in the Putnam County Sheriff 's Office , tells PEOPLE , “ He would allow the children to watch cartoons and feed them ice cream , ” adding , “ It was a progression , a complete grooming process he did with these kids . ”
Soon , Lopez says , she was forced to make sex videos with other children and taught how to perform oral sex by one of York 's wives . One night , Lopez says she was asked to stay behind at York 's house , where he held her down and raped her .
In 1993 , York moved his followers to Eatonton , Georgia where he built a compound with two 40-foot plywood and stucco pyramids and a Sphinx on a former 476-acre game reserve he called Tama-Re . At first , York called himself Chief Black Thunderbird Eagle and claimed to be the modern day leader of a lost Native American tribe that fought early European colonization . He then identified himself as the leader of the United Nation of Nuwaubian Moors and claimed to be an Egyptian God and an extraterrestrial from the planet Rizq .
Dwight `` Malachi '' York ( center ) W. A. Bridges Jr./Atlanta Journal-Constitution/AP
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter .
In 2001 , York 's sexual violence reached local , state and federal authorities when former followers , including Lopez , came forward about his years of sexual abuse . Law enforcement raided York 's compound in May of 2002 .
“ Hanging on hooks in the hot tub area were little white dresses for little girls , ” says Eatonton attorney Frank Ford , who represented the county amidst a legal fracas with York . “ I immediately thought wedding dresses to be initiated . ”
Lopez was among those who later testified against York in federal court in 2004 .
“ I felt empowered , ” she says of her testimony against York . “ I lived my whole life being told what to do by this person and he governed everything that I did . ”
Today , Lopez is a visual artist and graphic designer in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . She spends much of her time volunteering her skill as an artist to causes such as feeding the homeless and LGBTQ issues .
She is also at the forefront of a movement called “ What 's Your Elephant , ” which uses the arts to talk about uncomfortable “ elephant in the room ” topics .
“ My elephant is sharing about being a sexual abuse survivor , ” she says .
WICHITA -A Kansas man was sentenced Friday to 20 years in federal prison for producing child pornography , according to U.S. Attorney Tom Beall .
In his plea , Michael Rodenbeek , 54 , Salina , admitted using an iPhone camera to record videos of a 10-year-old victim and a 9-year-old victim . The recordings were made without the victims ' knowledge .
The investigation began in August of last year .
He has three previous drug convictions in Saline County .
Beall commended the Wichita Police Department , Homeland Security Investigations , the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force and Assistant U.S. Attorney Jason Hart for their work on the case .
Czech hockey legend Jaromír Jágr has trained for the first time with his new NHL team , the Calgary Flames , with whom he signed this week .
The 45-year-old player who picked up 46 points last season ( 16 goals , 30 assists ) had warned beforehand that he had n't trained with a team in five months and joked after the practice that he was glad he had survived .
Calgary is Jágr 's ninth club – but first Canadian team – in 24 seasons in the NHL .
May 3 Avista Corp-
* Avista Corp- net income attributable to avista corp. Shareholders $ 0.96 per diluted share for q1 of 2017
* Says confirming its 2017 guidance for consolidated earnings to be in range of $ 1.80 to $ 2.00 per diluted share
* Says expect avista utilities ' capital expenditures to total about $ 405.0 million in 2017
* Avista says in second half of 2017 , expect to issue up to $ 110.0 million of long-term debt , up to $ 70.0 million of common stock to fund planned capital expenditures
* Qtrly operating revenues $ 436.5 million versus $ 418.2 million Source text : ( bit.ly/2pXq1p5 ) Further company coverage :
Speech to Text for Care With a Bear
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video . Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate .
restaurant for a heart warming program . the next time you stop by azzip pizza in terre haute ... look for the box with the bear ! news 10 has teamed up with azzip pizza for what 's called `` care with a bear drive '' . here ' how it works . you drop off a new teddy bear . then the bears will be given to local first responders so they can share them with kids in times of need . [ b17 ] care with a bear-sot fs ... '' it 's good to know that we can help in those troubling times um ya know this obviously is n't about azzip pizza this is just about doing whatever we can to help the first responders that are so important in our community ... '' care with a bear goes on the entire month of july . please help if you can . changes ... again ... for terre haute baseball great
NAIROBI , April 5 Kenya has fully sold its debut mobile phone-based bond worth 150 million shillings ( $ 1.45 million ) , with investor demand forcing the issue to be closed ahead of time , the Treasury said on Wednesday .
The East African nation started selling the three-year bond , called M-Akiba , on March 23 , becoming the first to issue a mobile phone-based bond in the world .
The offer was open for three weeks but it closed on Wednesday when the target amount was reached .
The 150 million shillings raised is the first tranche of the bond ; the balance of 4.85 billion shillings goes on sale in June . The bond sale is a further advance in financial technology for the country that pioneered mobile money with M-Pesa in 2007 .
Some 102,000 people registered on their phones to invest in the bond , but only 5,000 of those made actual purchases , ranging from the minimum 3,000 shillings up to 1 million shillings - the maximum bought by a single investor , the Finance Ministry said .
`` This makes the average investment in M-Akiba to be 20,000 shillings , '' a ministry statement said . ( $ 1 = 103.1800 Kenyan shillings ) ( Reporting by Duncan Miriri ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
GREELEY , Colo. — Andre Spight set career highs with 41 points and eight 3-pointers to set Northern Colorado 's single-game scoring mark as the Bears beat Montana State 86-63 on Saturday .
Jalen Sanders scored 12 points with a career-high 17 rebounds , Jonah Radebaugh added 11 points with 10 boards , and the Bears ( 15-9 , 6-5 Big Sky Conference ) made 10 3-pointers and shot 51.5 per cent from the field .
Northern Colorado led 15-8 after Spight hit his first set of back-to-back 3s , 33-25 after his second set , and 38-34 at halftime behind his 18 points .
Spight hit four 3s in a 16-6 run for a 54-40 Bears ' lead and Northern Colorado led by 21 on Sanders ' free throw with 3:21 to go . Spight scored seven straight points in the final 1:56 .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
TEL AVIV – Congressional Republicans are moving quickly to denounce the United Nations for its recent Security Council resolution deeming all Israeli settlements “ flagrant violation [ s ] of international law . ”
More than 100 members of Congress have formally condemned the resolution , the Times of Israel reported .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
GOP lawmakers in both chambers have decided to introduce resolutions targeted at the UN once Congress reconvenes . Kansas Sen. Jerry Moran and Florida Rep. Dennis Ross are both slated to introduce disapproval resolutions against the international body .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) indicated that he did not know whether the chamber would vote on Moran 's resolution or a similar one .
However , despite the Republican lead on the resolution , several aides have said anti-UN action will receive bipartisan support .
The House will vote as early as next week on a resolution , though the exact details have not been decided , Politico reported .
Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R-S.C. ) also announced his intention to advance an initiative aimed at defunding the United Nations , but it would be unlikely to earn bipartisan support in the Senate , the report said .
The push for anti-UN action comes on the heels of pro-Israel lobby AIPAC 's call to pressure Washington representatives to condemn the UN for “ hinder [ ing ] the peace process ” as a result of the Security Council 's anti-settlement resolution .
The Security Council resolution , which passed 14-0 , was not vetoed by the U.S. as has been a decades-long policy of previous administrations . The resolution determines that all Israeli settlements , including the Old City of Jerusalem and the Western Wall , are “ occupied Palestinian territory . ”
A man who attempted to smuggle contraband inside the federal prison through a trustee was arrested last week .
Ted Evans , 54 , was charged with smuggling contraband into a federal facility .
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS , June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden .
Olympic figure skater Adam Rippon shot to international levels of fame during this year 's Games in Pyeongchang . But his longtime BFF , fellow Olympian Ashley Wagner , is n't letting all the attention give him an inflated ego .
“ I 've put him back in his place a couple of times , ” Wagner , a ZICO Water partner with their What 's Inside is Everything Campaign , tells PEOPLE of Rippon post-Olympics . “ I 've reminded him that when I met him , he straightened out his curly hair into this bowl cut thing . I 've known him since then , and I 've had to re-humble him a couple of times . ”
Wagner admits this is n't a hard task : “ He 's such a genuinely good guy — it does n't take much . ”
Humble moments aside , Wagner , who spoke to a group of young figure skaters in N.Y.C . on Mar . 6 in partnership with Figure Skating in Harlem , which provides skating opportunities to young women of color , tells PEOPLE she predicted that Rippon would be a breakout star of the Olympics , and loved seeing her premonition come true .
“ I 'm not surprised , ” she says . “ I knew this was going to happen . I told him it was going to happen beforehand . It was really cool . ”
She has n't only enjoyed seeing her friend in the spotlight , but also the message Rippon brings to the fore : She thinks Rippon is the sort of public figure the U.S. needs at the moment — because he 's always exactly who he is .
Adam Rippon and Ashley Wagner/Instagram
“ He is so incredible for this U.S. and our culture right now , because he is so unabashedly himself , ” she says . “ Yes , he 's the first openly gay U.S. Winter Olympian , but I think that he took that and turned it into a platform to show the world that there 's much more to him than being a gay athlete . He has a personality , he 's smart , he 's witty . Watching that , I felt like I was seeing something so much bigger . It was cool to watch that happen . ”
Wagner was in PyeongChang , but not in the capacity that she originally anticipated : After coming in fourth place at this year 's National Championships , she was the team alternate . Being at the Games as a spectator and brand partner rather than an athlete was “ interesting , ” she said .
Wagner attended the women 's singles figure skating competition at the Olympics , and says watching her fellow Americans — Bradie Tennell , Mirai Nagasu and Karen Chen — compete was tough , with each women suffering falls in the competition .
“ It was hard to watch , just because our ladies 's team did n't do so incredible , ” she says . “ Sitting back and watching that , it was difficult . There 's no other way to put it . ”
The Olympics were n't without highlights for Wagner , however . She was thrilled that Team USA won the bronze medal in the team event ( just as they did in 2014 , when Wagner herself was one of the medalists ) and loved watching Nathan Chen 's history-making free skate , which included six quadruple jumps . Being there in person for those moments made them all the sweeter .
“ I 've grown up with these people , ” she says . “ They 're my friends , they 're my family . Being able to be there for them , and watch them get that Team Bronze — it was really cool to experience it on the other side . I can genuinely be happy for them , because I 've known these people forever , and I know what it means to them and their careers . ”
Ashley Wagner at the 2018 U.S . Figure Skating Championships Matthew Stockman/Getty Images
Wagner has high hopes for the 2022 Olympics , and points out that this year 's figure skating team was made up of several of relatively new skaters , with many still in their teenage years , including Tennell , Vincent Zhou , Karen Chen and Nathan Chen . In four years , she says those skaters could be poised for gold .
“ The Olympics are overwhelming enough as is , and we sent a lot of people who did n't have much international experience to begin with , ” she says . “ I think that 's kind of the reason why things went the way that they did . It 's definitely a building year for the U.S. , and I think next Olympics we 'll come back stronger . ”
As for her own skating career , Wagner has yet to make a decision about whether or not she 'll continue competing .
“ For me , this is still all so fresh , ” she says . “ I want to give myself the time to actually process it and figure out what I want . If I can , at the end of the day , be like ‘ Okay , Nationals , I 'm satisfied with what I did and I feel good with that , ' then I 'll totally be okay bowing out . But if I get through the summer and think ‘ That 's not enough for me , I want to do it my way , ' then I 'll keep going . ”
In the meantime , she 's embracing life in Southern California : going to the beach , doing yoga , thinking about a future career in media and spending some time in the sun , rather than on the ice .
“ Discovering what normal life is like is so exciting for me right now . ”
It appears Tom Welling is off the market !
The Smallville actor set off a flurry of speculation that he 's engaged to his girlfriend Jessica Rose Lee after he used the # fiancé hashtag on Instagram on Monday . ( A rep for Welling has not yet responded to PEOPLE 's request for comment . )
“ Love : from halfway around the world @ jessiroselee , ” he captioned a picture of himself in Australia FaceTiming Lee , who is in Barcelona .
“ # hereslookimgatyou # letsgo # babe # barcelona # goldcoast # aka # sea # beautiful # fashion # happy # smile # fiance # saddleclub , ” he added .
Lee , an avid equestrian , has previously referred to Welling , 40 , as her fiancé as well .
“ To my perfect fiancé — I love you to infinity and beyond , ” she captioned a photo of the two in February . “ Thank you for all of your unwavering support and super-human love . I am so blessed to have you in my life @ tomwelling . ”
Though it 's unclear how long they 've been together , Lee has been posting photos of the couple since as early as 2015 .
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
Welling is currently starring on Fox 's Lucifer . The actor was previously married to model Jamie White Welling for 10 years .
The two separated in December 2012 and finalized their divorce in 2015 , according to TMZ .
Jeff Sprecher does n't describe himself as a disruptor . “ Problem-solver ” is the way the Intercontinental Exchange Inc. CEO would prefer it .
During a World Affairs Council of Atlanta event in late October , he offered a story as a means of illustration : When he bought Continental Power Exchange in 1997 for $ 1 , his plan for becoming the dominant marketplace for energy contracts did n't include taking it online .
The company was , after all , dealing with utilities that operated nuclear plants and other major infrastructure assets at a time when few people would even put their credit card details online , he said .
What drove the move was an ultimatum by the Continental programming staff led by Edwin Marcial , who would later become the company 's CTO , Mr. Sprecher said in a dialogue with former Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta President Dennis Lockhart .
“ I said to Edwin , ‘ You have lost your mind , ' ” Mr. Sprecher said , but eventually he went along . “ I do n't want to take any credit for being a visionary . ”
Two decades later , the company operates 12 digital exchanges , including futures markets that set the global price of oil , cotton , cocoa and other commodities .
Its assets include the New York Stock Exchange , which it purchased in 2013 . While the iconic market is only 6 percent of ICE 's business , it has become a calling card , both for the company and for Atlanta boosters : “ It 's cool to be able to say you own the New York Stock Exchange , ” Mr. Sprecher said .
The fact that it 's based in Atlanta now illustrates a point : Exchanges were named after cities when tied to physical trading floors , but location is irrelevant in the new digital world . And that has been a competitive advantage on ICE 's way to becoming a $ 30 billion company in terms of market capitalization .
“ We were somewhat unique in that we said , ‘ Screw the city ; we 're on the Internet , ” Mr. Sprecher said at the event .
That mindset shows how he operates : seeing an inefficiency and acting quickly to fix it , which is how most of ICE 's big wins have occurred .
Just after the worst of the global financial crisis , he read a Financial Times article about credit default swaps , where debt issuers insure against default of borrowers by buying a derivative from a third party . “ I 'd never heard of a credit-default swap , ” he said .
But when it became evident that banks needed a way to sell these and get them off their books , Mr. Sprecher said he took the idea for an over-the-counter market to then-Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner .
He paraphrased Mr. Geithner 's reply : “ I 'm government , I ca n't really help you . But if you build a barn and open the doors , I 'll make sure the damn horses run right by that place . ”
Mr. Sprecher went and “ built the barn , ” the ICE Clear Credit market , which has facilitated $ 60 trillion in gross trades . That activity now brings ICE about $ 100 million in revenue per year .
“ I just read an article that said , ‘ Somebody ought to do something about this , ' ” Mr. Sprecher said . “ My whole company has been a history of those kinds of opportunities that we saw and acted on quickly . ”
Another easy bet was the London Interbank Offered Rate , or LIBOR , a key global benchmark rate for loans in five currencies . ICE won a tender for to administer it in 2014– this time for 1 British pound — after allegations of manipulation led authorities to recommend a new operator .
Fostering and Facing Disruption
All this has taught Mr. Sprecher that while he might be the innovator today , he could be disrupted tomorrow and should always have an eye toward the future .
Financial and futures markets like those he operates have the advantage of being highly regulated with at least a notion of fiduciary responsibility and government oversight . Right now , that means people trust it more than the looser “ networks ” created through blockchain and other mechanisms to trade bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies , he said .
But with culture changing , markets may not be forever immune to the “ disintermediation ” happening in the broader financial services arena , Mr. Sprecher said , noting that his company is an early investor in Coinbase , a leading digital currency exchange .
With the advent of smartphones , the idea of what constitutes an “ account ” is changing . While it 's currently the “ nexus ” for a traditional arrangement whereby banks take deposits , lend money and manage investments , the whole system is being challenged by new levels of connectivity .
Young people sometimes trust online rating systems more than government permits . Anger at financial institutions and regulators lingers still 10 years after the crisis . Accounts could eventually simply mean a wallet on your phone tied to a digital currency , bypassing the banks .
“ Where this goes , I do n't know . But I also do n't deny it , ” Mr. Sprecher said .
This all could be exacerbated by cybersecurity breaches like the one that hit Equifax , exposing the personal information of 146 million Americans and the liabilities of the traditional model where individuals ( spokes ) are tied to banks ( hubs ) .
“ This is going to start a movement to take that information back . The hubs will want to encrypt it and protect it and say that 's the way it should go . The spokes are going to say , just let me keep it , ” Mr. Sprecher said .
Either way , the train of “ disintermediation ” is coming down the tracks , and the industry has to prepare , he said . Just a month after his speech , bitcoin hit an all-time high of $ 11,000 and sits at more than $ 10,400 as of this writing .
Amazon 's HQ2 and Atlanta As a Global Launchpad
Also the current chair of the Metro Atlanta Chamber , Mr. Sprecher was asked about the city 's prospects to win the $ 5 billion Amazon HQ2 .
Based on his own experience , he said he believes industry studies putting Atlanta at the top of the competition , which fielded 238 bids from across North America .
“ I run a really global business where more of my income comes from outside the country than inside , and we have this amazing infrastructure here that allowed our company to organically grow globally out of this place , not the least of which is Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport , ” he said .
The Atlanta Beltline , too , has been an asset — though he was n't sure about it when first asked to put millions of dollars into a “ bike path . ”
“ Thank God that bike path is here . It 's fundamentally changed the way we think of ourselves , the way our city is growing now , ” he said .
London 's Post-Brexit Role
Asked by Mr. Lockhart to envision the role of London as a financial center post-Brexit , Mr. Sprecher was hesitant , given that his comments urging the U.K. to have a bit of “ swagger ” in Brexit talks had caused a stir .
But he said it would benefit London to play up the fact that it has a lot of the capital that mainland European small and medium-sized businesses need in order to grow .
Brexit should end with a favorable financial arrangement , he said , since both sides have so much to gain from an amicable split .
“ My own sense is that it will all work out because they both need each other . It may be a messy divorce , but the kids will be raised by two parents . ”
A pure white cat , Angel was literally a bright spot in her family 's life .
So when Angel escaped from her Pensacola , Florida , home and went missing in September , it was a dark time for Heather Howell and her 4-year-old daughter Charley , who is blind and battling brain cancer .
According to WEAR , Howell searched for the cat and went to Facebook for help , desperate to reunite Charley with her furry best friend .
“ We went to the shelter a couple of different times and looked and called them several different times . I looked on Pet Harbor , I probably looked on that thing once a night , ” said Howell .
It ended up being by chance that Howell found Angel again : She spotted the stunning cat on Facebook being adopted by another family . Angel was reportedly surrendered to a local shelter by individuals claiming to be the cat 's owner , and the shelter then put the sweet cat up for adoption .
Eventually , Howell was able to get in touch with the family who adopted Angel and explained the situation to them .
Even though Vanessa Hilliard adopted the cat for her own daughter , she immediately understood that Angel belong with her original family .
“ I believe if anyone was in our position or predicament would 've done the same thing , ” Hilliard said .
The Hilliards hand-delivered Angel back to Charley so they could watch the adorable reunion play out in real-time .
If they had any doubts about where Angel belonged , the cat 's reaction made it clear that they made the right choice .
“ That was the calmest she was since she 's been with us when she heard her voice , ” Hilliard said about the cat 's behavior upon seeing Charley again .
Reuters sports schedule at 1400 GMT on Thursday :
SOCCER
Europa League , quarter-final , second legs ( 1845 )
Besiktas v Olympique Lyon ( 1-2 )
Schalke 04 v Ajax Amsterdam ( 0-2 )
Manchester United v Anderlecht ( 1-1 )
Racing Genk v Celta Vigo ( 1-3 )
Man United seek to see off Anderlecht
LONDON - Manchester United will be favourites to progress against Anderlecht after the first leg in Belgium finished 1-1 while Besiktas will look to overturn a 2-1 deficit against Olympique Lyonnais . ( SOCCER-EUROPA/ expect by 2100 GMT/7 PM ET , by Brian Homewood , 500 words )
LONDON - We will also bring the latest team news throughout the day . ( SOCCER-ENGLAND-TEAM/ expect throughout )
Barça looks to bounce back against eternal rival Real in Clasico
MADRID - After sealing their place in the Champions League semi-final , Real Madrid can take a huge step towards claiming a first La Liga title in five years when they host great rivals Barcelona in El Clasico on Sunday . ( SOCCER-SPAIN/PREVIEW , moved , by Joseph Cassinelli , 456 words )
From drop zone to Europe , Werder focus on attacking revival
BERLIN - Former Bundesliga champions Werder Bremen , who have spent much of the season in the relegation zone , could complete a sensational comeback with victory at Ingolstadt on Saturday . ( SOCCER-GERMANY/ ( PREVIEW ) , moved , 371 words )
ATHLETICS
Bekele in a hurry for London marathon glory
LONDON - Triple Olympic track champion Kenenisa Bekele is somewhat surprised that his sepia-tinged 5,000 and 10,000-metres world records are still standing but , at 34 , he still feels he can complete a remarkable hat-trick by claiming the marathon mark on Sunday . ( ATHLETICS-LONDON/PREVIEW ( PIX , TV ) , moved , by Mitch Phillips , 514 words )
IAAF World Relays , Nassau , Bahamas ( April 22-23 )
New relay boss out to change U.S. 4x100m outlook
Whether it 's dropping the baton or being disqualified , U.S. men 's 4x100 metres relays have found gold medals difficult to come by . A new relays boss is hoping to change that . ( ATHLETICS-WORLDRELAYS/USA ( FEATURE ) , expect by 0600 GMT/2 AM ET , by Gene Cherry , 580 words )
TENNIS
Motherhood no obstacle for Serena 's return , says Court
AUSTRALIA - Motherhood may do little to slow Serena Williams 's pursuit of grand slam success but more hungry opponents , if they emerge , could yet deny her the all-time singles record , the woman who holds that distinction tells Reuters . ( TENNIS-WILLIAMS/COURT ( INTERVIEW ) moved , By Ian Ransom , 661 words )
GOLF
PGA Tour : Valero Texas Open ( to 23 )
Charley Hoffman will try to put his final-round U.S. Masters letdown behind him when he tees it up at this week 's Valero Texas Open where the American journeyman is the defending champion . ( GOLF-TEXAS/ ( PREVIEW ) , moved , 333 words )
European Tour
Shenzhen International , Shenzhen ( 20-23 )
Watson in clubhouse lead at weather-hit Shenzen
American Bubba Watson posts a six-under-par 66 to take a slender clubhouse lead in the opening round of the weather-hit first day of the European Tour 's Shenzen International in China . ( GOLF-EUROPEAN/SHENZEN , moved , 255 words )
NBA
Cavs , Spurs shoot for 3-0 series leads
The reigning champion Cleveland Cavaliers and San Antonio Spurs try to take commanding 3-0 leads in their respective first-round playoff series versus the Indiana Pacers and Memphis Grizzlies . The Toronto Raptors visit the Milwaukee Bucks , with their series tied 1-1 , in the night 's other game . ( BASKETBALL-NBA-HIGHLIGHTS/ , expect by 0530 GMT/1:30 AM ET , by The Sports Xchange , 400 words )
NHL
Blackhawks try to stave off elimination
The Chicago Blackhawks try to stave off elimination when they visit the Nashville Predators while the Pittsburgh Penguins try to close out the Columbus Blue Jackets in two of the four first-round Stanley Cup playoff games on the National Hockey League schedule . ( ICEHOCKEY-NHL-HIGHLIGHTS/ , expect by 0530 GMT/1:30 AM ET , by The Sports Xchange , 400 words )
BASEBALL
Mets ' Syndergaard faces Phillies , Nats host Braves
New York Mets flamethrower Noah Syndergaard gets the call versus the visiting Philadelphia Phillies while Stephen Strasburg takes the mound for the Washington Nationals in a clash with the host Atlanta Braves in two of the 11 games on the Major League Baseball schedule . ( BASEBALL-MLB-HIGHLIGHTS/ , expect by 0530 GMT/1:30 AM ET , by The Sports Xchange , 400 words )
NORTH AMERICAN SPORTS
Roundups of off-field developments in the major North American professional sports leagues . ( expect by 0000 GMT/8 PM ET , by The Sports Xchange , 500 words )
Jonathan Silverman and Jennifer Finnigan are seeing pink !
The actors have welcomed their first child , daughter Ella Jack Silverman , they shared on Instagram Friday , posting an image of Ella 's tiny foot in a hospital anklet .
“ # fbf One week ago today , On September 29th , after a 28 hour labor , our little girl was born into the world , ” the 38-year-old Salvation actress wrote . “ Happy One-Week Birthday , Ella Jack 💕💕💕 We love you very much . ”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
# fbf One week ago today , On September 29th , after a 28 hour labor , our little girl was born into the world . Happy One-Week Birthday , Ella Jack 💕💕💕 We love you very much . A post shared by Jennifer Finnigan ( @ jennigan1 ) on Oct 6 , 2017 at 7:31am PDT
Silverman , 51 , re-posted the sweet black-and-white photo , adding his own message for his new baby girl .
“ First we had each other . Then we had you . Now we have everything . Welcome to the world my sweet daughter , ” the Weekend at Bernie 's star captioned the post , addressing Ella — whose middle name points to a possible tribute to Finnigan 's own dad Jack .
“ To my gorgeous warrior wife @ jennigan1 you are the most courageous , most powerful , most beautiful person I have ever met , ” he praised Finnigan . “ Our daughter could not have chosen a better mother and role model and best friend . I love you both with everything I got💖💖 . ”
RELATED : It 'll Be a Girl for Jonathan Silverman and Jennifer Finnigan
The couple tied the knot in 2007 after three years together , sharing exclusively with PEOPLE in June that they were “ beyond excited ” to be welcoming their first child together .
The story behind finding out the baby on the way was a girl was one for the books . The then-dad-to-be ordered a reveal cake in L.A. and ended up taking it on the plane to meet his wife in Toronto , where Salvation was filming . And while the plan went off without a hitch , Finnigan had a backup plan .
“ I was , like , ‘ Johnny , if they slice into it , just leave it . I do n't want you to find out ! ' ” she told PEOPLE in September . “ We laughed that TSA would know the gender of our child before we did . But he arrived at my door at 6:30 a.m. and sliced into the cake and it was pink icing ! ”
FROM PEN : Katherine Heigl Opens Up About Experiencing Her First Pregnancy
RELATED : Jonathan Silverman and Jennifer Finnigan Expecting First Child
Sharing stunning exclusive photos from a maternity shoot , Finnigan added to PEOPLE in September that she 's a “ voracious feminist , ” and ca n't wait to raise her daughter to understand that she can do anything a man can do .
“ I want to give her every opportunity I never had and I want to see her blossom into whoever she wants to be , ” she said . “ Just talking about it makes me emotional . ”
Continued The Bold and the Beautiful alum , “ It just feels right and the idea of seeing my husband holding a little girl … I 'm swooning already . She 's going to be a really lucky girl to have a dad like him . ”
A A
Recently , I moved downtown across from Esther Short Park . There is always something interesting happening in the park — good and bad . It seems to me the park is like Vancouver 's front yard .
Watching out my window it 's like a play ; each day some of the same characters , other new guests . I ca n't help but feel for the homeless who sleep there in the freezing weather .
But my concern is of a different matter . It 's dangerous downtown . In the past three weeks , I have nearly been hit by cars running intersections , most often not stopping at red lights on a fast right turn . I 've talked to other tenants and businesses and they all share the same perspective . It 's safer to jaywalk . At least you have a broader view of incoming traffic . We need help protecting pedestrians downtown .
BRIEF-Mallinckrodt enrolls first patient in Phase 2B trial of H.P . acthar gel
* Mallinckrodt enrolls first patient in Phase 2B trial of H.P . Acthar® gel ( repository corticotropin injection ) for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Manchester United full back Luke Shaw has said that manager Jose Mourinho 's criticism was `` hard to take '' but has promised to fight his way back into the starting lineup at the club .
Shaw played a key role to help United secure a 1-1 draw against Everton in the Premier League on Tuesday but was later told to develop a football brain by Mourinho .
The Portuguese boss also questioned Shaw 's commitment and ambition at United last weekend .
`` With the stuff that has been going on it is hard for me to take because deep down that is not me as a person , '' the 21-year-old told the British media .
`` He ( Jose ) wants to see me fighting – and I will fight to the last second because I want to be here for the club .
`` I want to play for the manager and I want to help this team get back to the top . ''
Shaw suffered a broken leg last season and has started only seven league games under Mourinho during the current campaign .
`` I am working really hard at the moment , especially now more than ever , '' the England international added .
`` I am going through a phase where everything sort of is going against me , but I want this so badly , I want to prove everyone wrong . ''
United , who are currently sixth in the league , visit bottom-placed Sunderland on Sunday .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru ; editing by Amlan Chakraborty )
× Police asking for help finding missing Bothell man with dementia
BOTHELL , Wash. – Deputies and search and rescue crews were searching Wednesday for a missing Bothell man .
August “ Lucky ” Herban , 81 , disappeared from his home at 807 201st Pl . SE . Tuesday .
Herban has dementia .
The Snohomish County sheriff 's office said it searched the area by ground and air Tuesday , to no avail .
If you see Herban , call 911 .
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed 's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns : http : //tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl ( Recasts throughout after Fed statement , updates prices ; adds comment , second byline , NEW YORK dateline ) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON , June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting , and
Teresa Wright , THE CANADIAN PRESS
OTTAWA -- A Liberal MP who is facing an allegation of assault after a weekend visit to a Halifax bar is speaking out , calling the whole thing a case of mistaken identity .
Francis Drouin , who represents the eastern Ontario riding of Glengarry-Prescott-Russell , has issued a statement detailing his version of what happened in Halifax in the early hours of Saturday morning .
In it , Drouin -- who was in Halifax for the federal Liberal policy convention -- says that while he was chatting with friends , he heard a woman shouting from another part of the bar .
`` While I was standing facing the bar , with my credit card in hand , I heard what I believed to be a woman 's voice coming from another area of the establishment behind me , yelling that her buttocks had been grabbed , '' the statement says .
`` Her comments were clearly not directed towards me . ''
Drouin says he then shouted for the alleged perpetrator to be evicted from the bar , paid for his drink with his credit card and proceeded with his friends to another area of the establishment .
That 's when he says a woman with a cellphone `` mistakenly '' tried to connect him to the alleged incident .
`` We told her that she was mistaken . We left the establishment shortly thereafter . ''
Drouin says he proactively informed the Prime Minister 's Office and the government whip 's office , and has been co-operating fully with a police investigation into the matter . A number of witness interviews have been gathered , he added .
He reiterated statements he made over the weekend stressing the importance of ensuring individuals are supported in a safe way when they come forward with allegations -- but insists that in this case , it was all just a big misunderstanding .
`` I am confident that the facts of the issue will lead to a clear outcome . ''
Halifax police confirmed Monday they are investigating a report that a woman had been sexually assaulted . But the regional police service did not specifically name Drouin .
A spokeswoman said no charges have been laid in the incident , which took place sometime after 2 a.m. Saturday at the Halifax Alehouse .
It was Brain Cancer Awareness night at MGM Park Wednesday night . Biloxi starting pitcher Cory Ponce lost his mother to brain cancer and fans wore special T-shirts in memory of Jennifer Ponce .
The Shuckers ( 31-21 ) grabbed a one nothing lead in the bottom of the first on a Jake Gatewood single into right field that scored Cory Ray .
That lead did n't last long . Alex Jackson lifted a Ponce pitch to left field , a two-run blast for the Braves in the top of the second . Top third , Alay Lago belted a solo-shot into the net in left field and Mississippi ( 24-28 ) led 3-1 .
The home run derby continued in the bottom of the fourth when Lucas Erceg of the Shuckers cracked his fourth home run on the season , a shot to left center field , that trimmed the Braves led 3-2 . Cory Ray dropped a single into left field that scored the tying run and Biloxi grabbed momentum away from Mississippi .
Jake Gatewood added a solo-home run in the bottom of the fifth for his team leading 10th homer on the season and Cory Ray smacked his 8th home run , a two-run blast to right center field for a 6-3 Shuckers victory .
Ponce ( W,2-3 ) posted the win for Biloxi . He gave up 3 runs on 4 hits , 2 base-on-balls and 5 strikeouts . Luis Ortiz ( S,1 ) pitched the final three innings . He gave up 2 hits with 4 strikeouts to preserve a Shuckers victory .
Cory Ray had a big night at the plate for Biloxi . Ray went 3-for-4 with 3 RBI and scored 2 runs . Gatewood went 2-for-3 with an RBI and scored a run . Erceg had two hits in four trips to the plate , had 1 RBI and scored a run . Catcher Heineman went 2-for-4 with two runs scored .
Game three of the five-game series 6:35 p.m. Thursday at MGM Park .
Copyright 2018 WLOX . All Rights Reserved .
× Ad agency leaves the burbs for Scott 's Addition , plans to expand
RICHMOND , Va. — After 24 years in Boulders Office Park , advertising firm Barber Martin Agency is moving its office to 1408 Roseneath Road , filling 10,000 square feet of a 25,000-square-foot building at the corner of Roseneath and Leigh Street .
The move marks a new chapter for the veteran agency , which currently occupies 11,000 square feet in the Southside office park that CEO Robyn Zacharias described as cavernous and inefficient . While the Scott 's Addition space is technically smaller , Zacharias said its open floorplan will improve collaboration while making room for 20 more employees , which the 30-person agency plans to hire in coming years .
“ After 24 years of being divided , this allows us to come together as one agency and actually collaborate in a true sense , ” Zacharias said .
“ To me , Scott 's Addition is the epitome of a renewed energy and revitalization and new life coming to a historic area , and that 's Barber Martin , ” she said . “ We are essentially a 30-year-old agency , and we 're taking the essence and the core of who we are and what we do well and embracing this change with energy , new talent and youth . ”
The agency signed a seven-year lease for the space , which is being converted from industrial to office space by property owner High Summit Holdings , a company controlled by Birck Turnbull of Cushman & Wakefield | Thalhimer and Charles Bice of KB Building Services , along with the development arm of UrbanCore Construction .
The space is being designed by architecture firm Baskervill .
High Summit purchased the property – three buildings totaling 50,000 square feet – last August for $ 3.46 million . Turnbull has secured two other tenants for the larger of the three buildings , while the other two – each about 10,000 square feet – remain occupied with industrial users . Turnbull said those buildings will be converted to office space as leases come up .
Continue reading on RichmondBizSense.com .
* Real Madrid crushed rivals Atletico 3-0
* Cristiano Ronaldo hit a brilliant hat-trick
* He netted the first after 10 minutes with a header
* The Portuguese volleyed home the second and tapped in the third
* The second leg takes place at the Vicente Calderon on May 10
By Rik Sharma
REAL MADRID 3 ATLETICO MADRID 0
MADRID , May 2 Cristiano Ronaldo struck a brilliant hat-trick as Real Madrid crushed rivals Atletico Madrid 3-0 in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final on Tuesday .
The Portuguese forward put his team on the verge of their third final in four years and took his tally to 103 goals in the competition as he helped Madrid vanquish their city rivals at the Santiago Bernabeu .
Ronaldo headed home in the 10th minute after Casemiro 's bouncing cross caught out Atletico 's defence , as Madrid dominated the first half .
Karim Benzema set him up to smash home his second on the half-volley in the 73rd minute and he finished from close range with four minutes remaining as Atletico offered little resistance . ( Editing by Toby Davis )
By Patrick Flynn
A transatlantic flight has diverted to Shannon Airport after a crew member was reported to have fallen ill .
Delta Air Lines flight DL-81 was travelling from Brussels in Belgium to Atlanta in the US . There were 136 passengers and crew on board .
It 's not yet clear whether the ill crew member is one of the pilots or a flight attendant . The crew declared a medical emergency and told air traffic controllers that the crew member was ‘ very ill ' .
The flight was about two hours into its journey when the crew contacted air traffic controllers to advise them of their emergency . The crew requested permission to turn around and divert to Shannon requesting emergency medical services to be standing by for their arrival .
The Boeing 767-330 jet landed safely at 2.23pm and was met at the terminal by ambulance paramedics and a doctor .
Last January , a Norwegian Air Shuttle flight diverted to Shannon after the captain fell ill .
Flight DY-7042 was travelling from Florida to Copenhagen when co-pilot declared a medical emergency reporting that the ‘ crew member ' had fallen ill . The airline later since confirmed it was the captain .
Share it :
Do n't Miss
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Worried about catching a cold or the flu on an airplane ? Get a window seat , and do n't leave it until the flight is over .
That 's what some experts have been saying for years , and it 's perhaps the best advice coming out of a new attempt to determine the risks of catching germs on an airplane .
It turns out there 's been little research on the risks of catching a cold or flu during air travel . Some experts believed that sitting in a window seat would keep a passenger away from infectious people who may be on the aisle or moving around .
The new study , published Monday , came to the same conclusion .
Advertisement
For somebody who does n't want to get sick , `` get in that window seat and do n't move , '' the study 's lead researcher , Vicki Stover Hertzberg of Emory University in Atlanta .
The study was ambitious : Squads of researchers jetted around the U.S. to test cabin surfaces and air for viruses and to observe how people came into contact with each other .
But it also had shortcomings . In a total of 10 flights , they observed only one person coughing . And though the experiment was done during a flu season five years ago , they did n't find even one of 18 cold and flu viruses they tested for .
It 's possible that the researchers were unlucky , in that they were on planes that happened to not have sick people on them , Hertzberg said .
The new study was initiated and funded by Boeing Co . The Chicago-based jet manufacturer also recruited one of the researchers , Georgia Tech 's Howard Weiss , and had input in the writing of the results . `` But there was no particular pressure to change stuff or orient it one way or the other , '' Hertzberg said .
The article was released by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The researchers did some mathematical modeling and computer simulations to determine how likely people were to come close to a hypothetical infectious passenger sitting in an aisle seat on the 14th row of a single-aisle airplane . They concluded that on average , only one person on a flight of about 150 passengers would be infected .
Researchers who were not involved said it would be difficult to use the relatively small study to make any general conclusions about the risks of an airline passenger getting a cold or flu , let alone other diseases like measles or tuberculosis .
But it 's a novel study about a subject that has n't been well researched , they said . Studies have looked at how respiratory viruses spread in labs and in homes , but `` this is the first time I 've seen it done for airplanes , '' said Seema Lakdawala , a University of Pittsburgh biologist who studies how flu spreads .
She and others not involved in the research were intrigued by the study 's findings about how people moved about the cabin and came in contact with each other .
It found :
—About 38 percent of passengers never left their seat , 38 percent left once , 13 percent left twice , and 11 percent left more than twice .
—Not surprisingly , a lot of the people getting up had an aisle seat . About 80 percent of people sitting on the aisle moved at least once during their flights , compared with 62 percent in middle seats and 43 percent in window seats .
—The 11 people sitting closest to a person with a cold or flu are at the highest risk . That included two people sitting to their left , the two to their right , and people in the row immediately in front of them and those in the row behind .
A lot of frequent fliers will be interested in the study 's results , said Edward Pizzarello , an investor in a Washington-area venture-capital firm who also writes a travel blog .
`` It 's absolutely a fear I hear from people all the time . They just believe that they 're going to get sick from going on an airplane , or they got sick from being on an airplane , '' he said .
Pizzarello said he 's an aisle person , because he does n't want to feel trapped in the window seat if he needs to get up .
Will he now go for the window ?
Maybe , he said , if a sick person sits next to him .
__
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute 's Department of Science Education . The AP is solely responsible for all content .
Washington Academy-Harrison Central and Lake Cormorant-Pascagoula high school baseball highlights and scores from the Battle at the Beach which runs through Saturday with 3 games on Friday and 4 games on Saturday at MGM Park .
Owens ranks second to Jerry Rice with 15,934 yards receiving and is third on the all-time touchdowns receiving list with 153 .
Lewis is widely considered one of the greatest middle linebackers , winning two AP Defensive Player of the Year awards and earning eight All-Pro selections . He anchored a dominant defence for the 2000 Baltimore Ravens in a season that ended with him winning Super Bowl MVP , then retired as a champion after Baltimore closed his last season with a title win over San Francisco in February 2013 .
`` Growing up as a child , I know what that looked like , Mike Singletary , Dick Butkus , '' Lewis said . `` Who dreams of being in that category , sitting with those guys ? ''
Lewis joined tackle Jonathan Ogden as the only Ravens voted into the Hall of Fame as both of the team 's first-round picks in its initial season of 1996 received the high honour .
Lewis ' career was also marked by legal problems off the field . He pleaded guilty to a misdemeanour charge of obstruction of justice after initially being charged with murder in connection with two killings following a Super Bowl party in Atlanta in January 2000 . Lewis was also fined $ 250,000 by the NFL .
Urlacher was n't far behind Lewis with his play on the field and is the latest in a line of great Chicago middle linebackers to make the Hall , joining Butkus , Singletary and Bill George . He was the Defensive Player of the Year of 2005 and joined Lewis on the 2000s all-decade team .
Dawkins spent most of his 16-year career in Philadelphia , earning five first-team All-Pro selections for his versatility that included 37 career interceptions and 26 career sacks . He became the first player in NFL history with a sack , interception , fumble recovery and touchdown catch in the same game against Houston in 2002 .
Kramer got passed over 10 times previously as a finalist before finally getting enough votes as a senior to become the 14th member of the Vince Lombardi Packers to make the Hall . Kramer helped anchor the Green Bay line for 11 seasons , winning six NFL titles and making the block that cleared the way for Bart Starr 's TD sneak in the `` Ice Bowl '' for the 1967 NFL championship .
Brazile was a finalist for the first time after a 10-year career for the Houston Oilers that included five straight All-Pro selections .
Beathard , also not on hand Saturday , helped build four Super Bowl champions in Miami and Washington and made seven trips to the title game during more than three decades as a personnel executive with a sharp eye for talent .
Five offensive linemen were among the 15 finalists , with tackle Joe Jacoby getting eliminated in voting that reduced the candidates to 10 , and tackle Tony Boselli , guards Alan Faneca and Steve Hutchinson , and centre Kevin Mawae getting cut in the next round of voting .
Cornerback Ty Law also made it to the final 10 in his second time on the ballot . Defensive backs John Lynch and Everson Walls , receiver Isaac Bruce and running back Edgerrin James were the other candidates eliminated in the first cuts .
`` I 'm glad I did n't have to vote for this class , '' Urlacher said . `` It 's a great class . ''
___
More AP NFL : pro32.ap.org and twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Josh Dubow , The Associated Press
Mansfield Town boss Steve Evans slammed his normally reliable defence for a shocking display in tonight 's rip-roaring 4-4 home draw with Accrington Stanley .
The Stags had only conceded one League goal since the turn of the year and had just enjoyed three clean sheets on the bounce .
But struggling Accrington , for so long Mansfield 's bogey opponents , twice opened out two-goal leads before a spectacular late Yoann Arquin strike shared the spoils .
Click HERE to read the match report
“ You score four goals you should win the game , anywhere in the country , home or away , ” said Evans .
“ But if you defend like that you deserve to concede 20 goals in a game . My back five were shocking from start to finish .
“ My two centre halves have been magnificent but tonight they were as weak as powder . It was as bad a back five performance as I 've seen . They did n't get much help in front of them either .
“ We have huffed and puffed but lacked a lot of quality and it 's a little wake-up call .
“ Some of these players might end up playing at clubs like Accrington if that 's how they want to play – and that 's no disrespect to John Coleman at Accrington as he does wonder there .
“ But there were two very committed teams out there that have gone toe to toe . I am not questioning commitment or effort or energy . ”
Evans continued : “ When we went 3-3 , I wanted us to calm the game down but then Hayden White jumps into the guy and there is no disputing it 's a penalty .
“ It took a special goal from Yoann Arquin , who has been fighting off a groin strain , to get us a point – it was a wonderful goal - and it may just be a point that counts at the end of the season .
“ I thought we were going to win . We were famous at Rotherham United for getting late goals .
“ It 's never easy to beat a John Coleman side as you know the minimum they are going to give is a real battle . We go away thinking a draw is a fair result but we were unfortunate perhaps not to win it . ”
Evans ' opposite number at Accrington , John Coleman , said : “ It was a smashing game and a great advert for League Two .
“ It was two good sides playing football the way it should be played with loads of thrills and spills and some great goals .
“ The disappointing thing for me tonight was that there were 10 bookings and I do n't think there was a bad challenge in the game . I do n't think that reflected the intensity the game was played at and the ability shown by both sides .
“ At 2-0 and 3-1 I think Mansfield fans would have bitten your hand off for a draw .
“ But we are disappointed we let a two-goal lead slip twice and we had enough chances to add more goals and put more daylight in between us .
“ But fair play to Mansfield , they kept plugging away at it and scored a great goal to level it . ”
Coleman concluded : “ We have got to be pleased with the performance we showed and we 've got to maintain that form now to the end of the season .
“ If we show that kind of intensity and level of ability we 'll get out of trouble . ”
COLLEGE STATION , Texas , March 27 Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan said on Monday that he would support trimming the Fed 's holdings in both mortgage-backed securities and U.S. Treasuries when it comes time to shrink the Fed 's balance sheet .
`` You might tailor the run off strategy to each type of security , '' Kaplan told reporters after an event at Texas A & M University . ( Reporting by Brad S. Morse ; writing by Ann Saphir ; editing by Diane Craft )
The Theatre Royal Nottingham 's sensational family pantomime , Beauty and the Beast , stars Sherrie Hewson , Ben Richards , Ben Nickless , and Andrew Ryan , in an all-new spectacular production .
It opened on Saturday , December 9 and runs until January 14 .
Actress , TV star , ex-Loose Women presenter , and Nottingham native , Sherrie Hewson leads the cast as Mrs Potty . Her roles in Coronation Street , Emmerdale , Crossroads , and the legendary Carry On films have all led to Sherrie becoming one of Britain 's best-loved and most popular faces on television .
Sherrie currently stars in the hit TV series Benidorm as Joyce Temple-Savage , the manager of the Solana Resort . She has been filming the tenth series since March and it is set to air in early 2018 .
Alongside Sherrie , television and stage star Ben Richards plays The Beast . After rising to fame on the ITV drama Footballers ' Wives , Ben went on to secure high-profile television roles in Holby City , The Bill , Doctors , and Hollyoaks . No stranger to the stage , Ben has appeared in theatres across the UK and the West End with leading roles in Grease , Saturday Night Fever , The Full Monty , 9 to 5 , Rock of Ages , and The Bodyguard opposite Beverley Knight at the Dominion Theatre , London , which broke box office attendance records .
Zany impressionist and comedy actor Ben Nickless makes a welcome return to the Theatre Royal Nottingham pantomime this Christmas . This will be Ben 's fourth Theatre Royal Nottingham pantomime , having previously appeared alongside David Hasselhoff in Peter Pan ( 2013 ) , Lesley Joseph in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs ( 2014 ) , and Christopher Biggins and Simon Webbe in Aladdin ( 2015 ) .
Returning to the Theatre Royal once again this year is pantomime dame extraordinaire , Andrew Ryan . This year marks Andrew 's fourth appearance at the Theatre Royal Nottingham having previously appeared in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs in 2014 , Aladdin with Stephen Mulhern in 2010 , and Jack and the Beanstalk with Nigel Havers in 2009 . Andrew will also be directing the pantomime this year .
Musical theatre stars Danny Bayne , Naomi Slights and Natalie Spriggs complete the principal line-up of the pantomime as Trent , Belle and Deadly Nightshade .
Danny Baynes trained at Italia Conti Academy Theatre of Arts . He was the overall winner of ITV 's Grease is the Word and went on to make his West End debut as Danny Zuko in the new London cast production of Grease at the Piccadilly Theatre , and performed to sell-out audiences for over two years . He went on to star in A Chorus Line , Hairspray and Saturday Night Fever in the West End , touring the UK and internationally for Royal Caribbean International . Danny stars as Trent , the vain and villainous ladies ' man with plans to marry the beautiful Belle .
Naomi Slights , also a former Saturday Night Fever star who appeared alongside Danny in the leading role of Stephanie on the production 's UK tour and subsequent international productions , will play Belle . Naomi also starred in the UK tour of Priscilla Queen of the Desert , 20th Century Boy - The Musical and Mamma Mia ! in the West End .
Natalie Spriggs joins them as the evil enchantress Deadly Nightshade , the sorceress who places a curse on the Beast 's castle and all its inhabitants . No stranger to playing the baddie , Natalie has previously worked for Disney as Ursula in The Little Mermaid and Cruella De Vil in 101 Dalmatians . She has also toured the UK in productions of Girls Night , Rock Around the Clock , Spirit of the Dance and Puttin ' on the Ritz .
Beauty and the Beast 's executive producer Jonathan Kiley said : “ We have assembled a sensational pantomime company for our spectacular Theatre Royal pantomime this year and we 're very much looking forward to a wonderful season in Nottingham once again . This year 's show will feature all the laughter and sensational song and dance audiences have come to expect and we 're also adding in some fantastic technical elements including a jaw-dropping 3D film sequence , the Beast 's magnificent transformation scene and some truly spellbinding special effects . ”
Tickets are £18-£35.50 plus discounts for members , under 16s , families and Go cardholders . For more , go to www.trch.co.uk or call the box office on 0115 989 5555 .
Photos by Whitefoot Photography
CTV Atlantic
A man is in hospital with serious injuries after his vehicle left Highway 104 in Pictou County , N.S .
The RCMP responded to the crash in Salt Springs , N.S . around 8:10 p.m. Monday .
Police say the eastbound car lost control and left the highway between exits 18 and 19 .
The driver , and sole occupant of the car , was ejected from the vehicle and sustained serious injuries .
He was taken to hospital by ambulance and later airlifted for further treatment .
Highway 104 was closed between exits 18 and 19 until around 11 a.m. Tuesday .
The cause of the crash is under investigation .
Talk show host Chelsea Handler took to Twitter over the weekend to urge the generals in President Donald Trump 's administration to “ remove ” the president from office .
“ To all the generals surrounding our idiot-in-chief… the longer U wait to remove him , the longer UR name will appear negatively in history , ” the Netflix host tweeted Friday .
advertisement
To all the generals surrounding our idiot-in-chief…the longer U wait to remove him , the longer UR name will appear negatively in history . — Chelsea Handler ( @ chelseahandler ) August 11 , 2017
Handler kept up her criticism of Trump through the weekend while tweeting about the deadly car attack in Charlottesville , Virginia , on Saturday , tweeting directly to Ivanka Trump to tell her father to condemn racism while urging Republicans to “ stop this madness . ”
We have a president who wo n't denounce any violence when coming from one of his supporters ? Republicans , please stop this madness . — Chelsea Handler ( @ chelseahandler ) August 13 , 2017
Anyone who thinks we are going back in time instead of forward is misguided , uneducated , and just plain racist . There is no other name 4 it . — Chelsea Handler ( @ chelseahandler ) August 13 , 2017
Why do n't you tell your father that ? Do n't try to separate yourself from him now . Too late . https : //t.co/HR6EwpSw09 — Chelsea Handler ( @ chelseahandler ) August 13 , 2017
Handler has been one of the president 's most vocal celebrity critics . The comedian regularly attacks Trump on her Twitter account , and has also gone after members of the president 's family , including First Lady Melania Trump and Eric and Lara Trump 's unborn child .
On Thursday , the Chelsea host posed for an Instagram photo with a t-shirt bearing the phrase “ Sorry about our president ” printed in 14 different languages . Handler said she would wear the shirt while she travels .
The shirt I wear now when I travel . Thanks to whomever sent it to me . 👌🏿 A post shared by Chelsea Handler ( @ chelseahandler ) on Aug 10 , 2017 at 1:37pm PDT
Handler is n't the only celebrity to have called for Trump to be forcibly removed from office , and also not the only one to have called for a military coup as a way to do it .
In February , comedian Sarah Silverman similarly suggested the military could be used as part of the “ resistance ” and to help “ overthrow ” the “ fascist ” administration .
Meanwhile , horror novelist Stephen King last week called Trump “ unfit ” for office and demanded he be “ removed ” from the presidency .
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @ dznussbaum
The students just found out we are all going to see BLACK PANTHER ! We will have a day of cultural classes , African dancers , historical lessons and then we will all go see the film ! Turn up ! ! ! ! Thank you @ arauzed and @ _wadeking for organizing this magic ! @ ronclarkacademy
A post shared by Ron Clark ( @ mrronclark ) on Feb 2 , 2018 at 10:07am PST
April 10 Ica Gruppen
* Says sales in like-for-like stores decreased by 1.2 % in March
* Says sales in swedish ica stores decreased by 0.6 % in March 2017 compared with corresponding month last year
* ICA Gruppen estimates the calendar effect for March to be -2.0 % . The large negative calendar effect relates to Easter in March 2016 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Anna Ringstrom )
Handrail Slacklining
With the impending off season many of us are looking for other ways to keep ourselves entertained and in shape for when the snow falls again . Sure it 's easy to tell people to just go skate , but exploring new hobbies makes life more exciting . Kyle Koukal stays fit by pursuing handrail slacklining . Check out his mini part from a few summers ago .
A A
SALEM , Ore. — Police arrested an Oregon man accused of attacking a restaurant employee with a pipe while calling the worker a terrorist and telling him to go back to his country .
Court documents say Jason Kendall told an arresting officer he entered the Middle Eastern restaurant in Salem last week after seeing a woman who he thought was being held as a slave because of the style of blouse she was wearing .
The affidavit says Kendall was asked to leave , but he returned minutes later yelling , “ Get out of America ! ” He 's accused of throwing a plastic object at the employee and hitting him with a pipe .
The affidavit says the arresting officer felt a small bump on the worker 's head .
Police said Kendall told them he acted in self-defense . He 's expected to be arraigned Friday on charges of assault and intimidation .
His court-appointed attorney , Julia Ann Hyde , did n't immediately return a phone call seeking comment .
FILE PHOTO : Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan addresses his supporters during a rally for the upcoming referendum , in Izmir , Turkey , April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Umit Bektas
FILE PHOTO : Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan addresses his supporters during a rally for the upcoming referendum , in Izmir , Turkey , April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Umit Bektas/File Photo
Supporters of Nationalist Movement Party ( MHP ) leader Devlet Bahceli carry a huge Turkish flag during a rally for the upcoming referendum , in Istanbul , Turkey . REUTERS/Osman Orsal
A billboard displaying a picture of Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan and a slogan reading : 'Brave nation . Strong state . Millions of YES ' is pictured ahead of the constitutional referendum in Istanbul , Turkey April 10 , 2017 . REUTERS/Murad Sezer
BRUSSELS A referendum in Turkey on granting President Tayyip Erdoğan sweeping new powers is unlikely to ease strained relations with the EU and risks killing off Ankara 's stalled bid for membership of the bloc , officials in Brussels say .
Even if voters do not give Erdoğan the executive presidency he seeks on Sunday , Turkey 's democracy and judiciary will suffer damage and he is likely to put even more pressure on critics , they say .
`` There is no good outcome , '' said Marc Pierini , a former European Union ambassador to Turkey now at the Carnegie Europe think-tank .
`` There is a very wide gap between European leaders and Erdoğan and I do n't see that easily repaired , '' he said , predicting a `` polite silence '' from the EU if he wins .
Turkey , a NATO member state that began talks to join the EU in 2005 , has become a crucial partner for the bloc by taking in millions of refugees fleeing from the six-year-old war in Syria .
But a crackdown by Erdoğan since a failed coup last July has been condemned in European capitals , and he has alienated the bloc further by accusing the German and Dutch governments of acting like Nazis after they banned referendum campaign rallies by Turkish officials .
One senior official told Reuters an Erdoğan victory , which would pave the way for the president being eligible to serve up to two five-year terms , could bring stability allowing the EU to upgrade trade and business ties . `` Otherwise it would be chaos , '' he said .
But several others disagreed , with a second senior official rejecting that notion as `` false stability in the name of one-man rule '' .
RISKY OUTCOMES
With Erdoğan supporters seeing a chance to cement his place as modern Turkey 's most important leader while his opponents fear an even greater centralisation of powers , polls suggest the vote - in which Turkish citizens abroad are also participating - will be close ,
EU officials see all outcomes - whether a clear victory for Erdoğan , a narrow loss or a contested result - as risky .
A win would embolden Erdoğan to move ahead with proposed constitutional changes and possibly introduce the death penalty , they say , thereby ending Turkey 's bid to join the EU .
Its status is already an issue following the post-coup crackdown .
Legal experts at the Council of Europe , a human rights body of which Ankara is a member , warned in March that creating a presidency with virtually unlimited powers was `` a dangerous step backwards '' for democracy .
Erdoğan and his supporters dismiss such claims , saying there are sufficient checks and balances in the proposed system , such as the president having to call simultaneous presidential and parliamentary elections if he dissolves parliament .
CYPRUS HOPE ?
Other scenarios are also bleak , EU officials say .
A contested result would likely provoke a period of instability , possibly more violence .
A narrow loss would see Erdoğan , whose position as Turkey 's most popular politician is uncontested , remain in office . EU officials said he could bring the presidential and parliamentary elections , currently scheduled for 2019 , forward both if he loses and if he wins .
`` If he loses , we can expect a very harsh and brutal election campaign , we would probably see both sides resorting to violence , '' a third senior EU official said .
`` He would crack down on the opposition even more ( and ) ... if the result is contested , it could destabilise the overall situation . ''
Following the failed coup , 36,000 people are in Turkey 's prisons awaiting trial and more than 100,000 have been suspended or dismissed from work , according to the Council of Europe .
The ideal scenario from Brussels envisages a period of post-referendum calm that would allow the EU and Turkey to reset relations and modernise their customs union , possibly even relaxing visa rules for Turks travelling to the bloc .
A prerequisite for that is a breakthrough in Cyprus reunification talks , where Ankara is facing off against Nicosia and Athens , the third official said .
`` There is no entirely good result of this for us in any case . But some scenarios would be worse than others , '' he said , anticipating Erdoğan will move to review ties with the EU whatever happens .
( Additional reporting by Alastair Macdonald ; editing by John Stonestreet )
Health officials are warning the public to watch for measles ' symptoms after an infected person flew into Vancouver on June 23 .
According to the B.C . Centre for Disease Control , the infected person flew from New Delhi to Guangzhou on China Southern flight CZ 3028 and then from Guangzhou to Vancouver on China Southern flight CZ 377 on June 23 .
The CDC believes that travellers on those flights , as well as anyone who might have gone through Vancouver International Airport that day .
The centre said that travellers on the affected flights could infect others even outside of YVR .
Measles is a high infectious disease that is spread by coughing and sneezing .
READ MORE : Langley school district plans to keep a list of unvaccinated children
Although the CDC believes that most travellers are immune to measles , all travellers on those flights are asked to check if they have been vaccinated .
Infants less than a year old are , and others who have n't been vaccinated , are considered especially at risk .
Most people born after 1970 have likely received the measles , or MMR ( a combined measles , mumps and rubella vaccine ) and are protected . Many of those born before 1970 are likely to be immune due to prior measles infections .
Symptoms , which can take between one to three weeks to develop , include :
Fever
Cough
Runny nose
Red eyes
Rash that starts centrally including on the face , spreads to the limbs and lasts at least three days
@ katslepian
katya.slepian @ bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
AsSeenOnTV.pro and its Product Managers announce the DRTV campaign launch with Powder Pouch®
End
-- The Product Managers of AsSeenOnTV.pro , along with Kevin Harrington , one of the original Sharks from hit reality series Shark Tank , are pleased to announce the launch of a new DRTV ( https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=H3VowBtMA64 ) campaign with Powder Pouch® . ( http : //www.powderpouch.com/ ) Families love playing and relaxing on the beach , and Powder Pouch® makes it a breeze to brush away the sand that comes with it . The soft cotton pouch is colorfully styled and pre-filled with a starting supply of all natural cornstarch powder . Whether relaxing on the shore or when dressing to leave the beach , each use Powder Pouch® releases just enough powder to gently remove sand from skin , leaving you smooth and comfortable . When the pouch is empty , it 's refillable , fully washable and reusable . Each Powder Pouch® will last for several seasons . `` After sustained year over year growth , to be contacted by As Seen On TV was a significant milestone for Powder Pouch , '' said Jeff Conway , who co-created the beach essential with his wife , Mary . `` We 've received unparalleled response from retailers and customers to our partnership with As Seen On TV . `` As part of its DRTV campaign with AsSeenOnTV.pro , Powder Pouch will be appearing in 30- and 15-second spots set to air nationwide featuring the original Shark himself , Kevin Harrington . At a price point of just $ 9.99 with a buy-three-get-one-free offer , Powder Pouch is projected to be a season hit . `` Being based in one of the country 's premier beach destinations , we know well the potential of Powder Pouch , and are excited to have the company on board for its upcoming campaign with As Seen On TV , '' says Paul Douglas Scott , Executive Producer at AsSeenOnTV.pro . `` This product looks like a true beach-bag staple — a must-have for all those who love the beach as much as we in South Florida do . `` About AsSeenOnTV.proHeadquartered in South Florida , AsSeenOnTV.pro is a full-service production , branding , and marketing company that specializes in direct response television , short- and long-form commercials , and brand-building . Based out of a 25,000+ square foot , state-of-the-art studio , the company 's creative team handles every aspect of production from script to screen to airing . For nearly two decades , AsSeenOnTV.pro 's veteran staff of writers , producers , videographers , and editors has amassed more than 50 Telly Awards , thousands of prestigious clients , and over $ 20 million in television placements.About Kevin HarringtonAs the inventor of the infomercial , founder of As Seen on TV , and one of the original Sharks on Shark Tank , Kevin Harrington has worked with some of the world 's biggest celebrities and launched some of the best-selling DRTV campaigns in history . Since producing his first 30-minute infomercial in 1984 , Harrington has been involved in over 500 product launches that have resulted in over $ 5 billion in sales . Now , in his latest venture with AsSeenOnTV.pro , Harrington is on the hunt for the best new products and ideas , bringing them to homes everywhere through personalized DRTV campaigns featuring the Shark.For more information on Powder Pouch , please visit www.powderpouch.com
Over the course of the last few weeks , in the wake of the election , thousands and thousands of phone calls and emails have poured into elected officials ' offices from all across the nation . Our state of Arizona is certainly no exception as many citizens on each side of every issue have eagerly voiced their opinions to Senators Jeff Flake and John McCain , Congressman Gallego and other representatives . This type of engagement in the political process is incredibly encouraging and exactly what is necessary for a democracy to thrive and yet this has become very problematic .
Due to limited resources , relatively small staffs and tight schedules , our calls and emails are often going unheard . Our sudden flood of engagement in the political process has broken the very systems designed to hear and respond to this engagement . As I and others throughout the state have found in the last weeks , calls to representatives are so numerous that there is almost never an answer . Consequently , constituents are then encouraged to leave a voicemail . Yet , if you are calling one of our two senators , you are lucky if the voice mailbox is n't full and they can receive your message . Then , in an attempt to get around this issue , you are asked to send an email . Yet , as many have found with Senator John McCain 's office , the email does not always work and sometimes never reaches anyone at all . At the end of this entire process , if you are lucky enough to have your email or voicemail sent correctly and responded to , it is typically a pre-written , generic response to one of a handful of common issues raised .
With this type of ineffective system in place to hear the voices of the people , the question then arises : What does this mean for a representative democracy ? Who do our elected officials represent if they can no longer hear our voices and represent us ? While I would imagine that over the next few months calls will slow and the problem will potentially be circumvented , the number of issues and the people concerned about them seems to be growing more and more numerous each day . And while potentially the offices of officials will simply hire more staff to help hear and respond to our voices , promises to cut the federal budget make me less than hopeful for an increase in staff such as this .
So again , I ask , where does this leave us if we participate in a representative democracy where our representatives can not hear those they represent ? Without hearing the voices of the constituents of Arizona , without going to our homes and towns throughout the state and seeing our issues , without being a vibrant participant in our democracy and community across the state , I do not have much faith in our senators ' ability to represent us , and at this juncture in time , we need them more than ever . I call upon our senators to increase their engagement in democracy as we increase ours and to come speak with and listen to the people they represent . The simple fact of the matter is , if we live in a democracy where our elected representatives do not hear the voice of the people , then we do not live in a democracy at all .
Noah Karvelis is a local educator and activist living and working in Phoenix . He frequently writes and lectures on the relationship between education and democracy .
___________________________________________________________
The views expressed in guest commentaries are those of the author and are not the views of the Arizona Capitol Times .
0 Trump presidency countdown clock on Seattle home goes viral
SEATTLE - A house in Washington state is getting attention for a controversial sign posted outside .
It shows a countdown to the end of the first term for Donald Trump 's presidency .
KIRO-TV found out it was the former owner of the home in Seattle 's Leschi neighborhood who made the countdown clock shortly after Trump 's inauguration .
He even made an Instagram account , where he 's gotten support and criticism for his piece of political expression .
That house was recently sold to Lily Onnen and her husband .
She said it was in the contract for the couple to maintain the sign , and they are happy to do so .
“ It 's a message of hope , ” Onnen said . “ For me the more the number shrinks , the more hopeful I get . ''
Zawdie Terry , who lives next door , said he finds the sign amusing and not something that people would find offensive .
> > Read more trending news
“ Even if you support the current president , it 's just a countdown , ” Terry said .
Onnen and her husband will continue flipping the numbers on the sign every day , and they are even prepared for a potential second term .
“ We would reset the clock . We would start all over , ” Onnen said .
The former owner of the house has moved to the Magnolia neighborhood and said he has already put up a similar countdown clock at his new home .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
TORONTO — The MLS Cup final Saturday between Toronto FC and the Seattle Sounders drew an average of 1.3 million Canadians according to TSN , down 13.3 per cent from last year 's championship game .
TSN said in a release that the audience peaked at two million viewers when Victor Vazquez sealed Toronto FC 's 2-0 win with a late goal in stoppage time .
The network said in a release after the 2016 MLS Cup final , also between Toronto and Seattle , that an audience of 1.5 million Canadians took in that game , with a peak of 2.7 million when Sounders defender Roman Torres scored the game-winning penalty kick . TSN cited data from audience measurement company Numeris in both releases .
Saturday 's game had a 4 p.m . ET start , while the 2016 championship was shown in prime time with at 8 p.m . ET kickoff .
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004 , after Moody 's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG , June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds , in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody 's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May .
The figure is well below the $ 6.7 million demanded by Costa Rica for the harm done to protected wetlands on the river San Juan , and to compensate its efforts to restore it
Published 11:41 PM , February 02 , 2018
THE HAGUE , Netherlands – The UN 's highest court on Friday , February 2 , ordered Nicaragua to pay Costa Rica compensation for environmental damage to protected wetlands on the river San Juan , setting the sum of $ 380,000 .
But the figure was well below the $ 6.7 million demanded by Costa Rica for the harm done to the area , and to compensate its efforts to restore it .
`` The court concludes that the total amount of compensation to be awarded to Costa Rica is $ 378,890.59 , '' judge Abdulqawi Ahmed Yusuf told the International Court of Justice ( ICJ ) .
Managua has until April 2 to pay the amount , after which it will incur a higher rate of interest , the judge said at the court in The Hague , in its first ever compensation ruling for environmental damage .
Nicaraguan ambassador Carlos Arguello said his country was pleased with the outcome .
`` We consider this to be a fair assessment of the court , '' he told AFP .
`` From the outset , President ( Daniel ) Ortega had stated that Nicaragua was willing to compensate for what was fair and reasonable , but Costa Rica 's proposal , Costa Rica 's request , was quite exaggerated , '' Arguello said .
The dispute centres on a tract of land known in Costa Rica as Isla Portillos and in Nicaragua as Harbour Head – a biological preserve lying in a border area long disputed by both Central American nations .
The compensation ruling came more than two years after the ICJ found that Costa Rica had sovereignty over the area , basing its ruling in part on an 1858 treaty between the two countries .
The ICJ said Nicaragua had violated its neighbor 's territory in 2010 by sending a small military contingent to set up an outpost there .
It also undertook dredging in the San Juan river and excavated three canals in the sensitive wetlands area .
String of disputes
In December 2015 , the court reproached Managua for violating San Jose 's right to navigation in the waters and ordered the two countries to negotiate an amount of compensation .
But the neighbors failed to reach a deal , so the issue trundled back to the ICJ so judges could set the compensation amount .
The case is one of several disputes between the two countries which have ping-ponged back and forth at the UN 's highest court , which was set up in 1945 to rule on border and territorial disputes between nations .
Later on Friday , judges were also to rule on two further border disputes between the Central American neighbours .
Costa Rica wants the ICJ to set its maritime boundaries on both its western Pacific Ocean coast and in the Caribbean Sea to the east .
The two countries first held negotiations in 1976 to try to reach an agreement on the border which broadly follows the San Juan river , but talks have dragged on .
The case was first lodged with the ICJ in 2014 , when Costa Rica maintained it had `` exhausted its diplomatic means '' to resolve the row . – Rappler.com
The Central Ohio Symphony will present its annual holiday concerts on Sunday , Dec. 10 in the festively decorated Gray Chapel on the campus of Ohio Wesleyan University .
Showtime is 2 p.m. and 4:30 p.m .
The orchestra under the direction of Music Director Jaime Morales-Matos will perform two identical concerts of seasonal music .
“ Our concert is a long-established holiday tradition in Delaware , ” said Symphony Executive Director Warren W. Hyer . “ This year should put everyone in the holiday spirit . ”
The concerts will include the world premiere of “ Welcome Sun , ” a piece composed by Hayes High School student Noah Goulet , who studies composition with Ohio Wesleyan assistant professor Dr. Jennifer Jolley . This is the first time one of Goulet 's pieces will be performed by a professional orchestra .
The concert will also feature the return of the Celtic band Lone Raven .
“ Lone Raven was wildly popular when they appeared with us last year and we are excited to have them back , ” said Hyer .
The orchestra and Lone Raven will again be playing special arrangements of some of their original works as well as traditional music , arranged by Ohio Wesleyan students of Dr. Jolley .
Additional works include Leroy Anderson 's “ A Christmas Festival , ” “ A Charlie Brown Christmas , ” and other holiday works . As is the custom of Conductor Morales-Matos , the concert will end with the Radetzky March by Johann Strauss .
Tickets for the concert are available at the Symphony Source office at 24 E. Winter Street in downtown Delaware . Prices are $ 25 , adults ; $ 20 , seniors ; $ 6 , students of any age ; and $ 4 , children , six and under . Ticket may also be ordered online at www.centralohiosymphony.org or by calling the Symphony at 740-362-1799 .
The holiday concerts are underwritten by grants from the Ohio Arts Council , City of Delaware and supported by Ohio Wesleyan University .
Celtic band Lone Raven will perform with the Central Ohio Symphony during the Symphony 's holiday concerts on Sunday , Dec. 10 at Ohio Wesleyan University 's Gray Chapel . Showtimes are 2 p.m. and 4:30 p.m. Members of Lone Raven are , from left , Craig Markley , Kara Markley , Elizabeth Blickenstaff , and Neil Jacobs . http : //www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2017/12/web1_loneraven_color.jpg Celtic band Lone Raven will perform with the Central Ohio Symphony during the Symphony 's holiday concerts on Sunday , Dec. 10 at Ohio Wesleyan University 's Gray Chapel . Showtimes are 2 p.m. and 4:30 p.m. Members of Lone Raven are , from left , Craig Markley , Kara Markley , Elizabeth Blickenstaff , and Neil Jacobs . Courtesy Photo | Lone Raven Music
Young composer will premiere work
KENAI — Officials say budget cuts at the Alaska Department of Fish and Game have reduced staffing in the commercial fishing division and caused slashes to smaller fishery programs .
The Peninsula Clarion reports the state has cut the department 's general fund by more than 36 percent since 2015 , leading to an approximately 6 percent cut for the state Division of Commercial Fisheries .
Division Director Scott Kelley on Thursday outlined the agency 's budget to the House Finance Subcommittee on Fish and Game .
Kelley says staffing has been reduced by about 11 percent since fiscal year 2015 , causing the division to limit personnel on weirs and other projects .
Kelley says the division also has cut smaller fisheries like herring in order to limit cuts to the lucrative salmon fisheries .
First Lady Melania Trump took to Twitter Wednesday afternoon to put to rest conspiracy theories spread online and in the media since she underwent and has been recovering from a routine medical procedure .
“ I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I 'm doing , ” wrote Trump . “ Rest assured , I 'm here at the @ WhiteHouse w my family , feeling great , & working hard on behalf of children & the American people ! ”
I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I 'm doing . Rest assured , I 'm here at the @ WhiteHouse w my family , feeling great , & working hard on behalf of children & the American people ! — Melania Trump ( @ FLOTUS ) May 30 , 2018
“ Melania Trump has n't appeared in public for 20 days , ” read a Wednesday headline on CNN that appeared to include an update after Trump 's tweet and an embed of the message .
Conspiracy theories as to the activities of the recovering first lady ranged from a move back to New York City and cooperation with special counsel Robert Mueller to cozying up with the Obamas while working on a tell-all on her husband and plastic surgery , according to Politico . That report however also added speculative fuel to the curiosity fire .
“ Sadly , we deal with conspiracy theories all the time — so this is nothing new , just more silly nonsense , ” Grisham told CNN of internet criticism and wild rumors that Mrs. Trump had moved back to New York .
The first lady had been very active prior to the procedure – thoroughly hands-on with the planning of the first state visit of the Trump administration hosting the French President and his wife . Mrs. Trump unveiled her official policy platform “ Be Best ” at a White House Rose Garden ceremony on May 7 .
She participated in the late-night welcoming home to America of three prisoners released from North Korea just days before undergoing the routine embolization procedure on May 14 for a benign kidney condition at Walter Reed military hospital . The procedure took place on a Monday and Trump spent the rest of the week recovering at Walter Reed . Husband President Donald Trump visited her the day of the procedure and each of the two days following , spending around one to two hours with her on each visit . She returned to the White House that Saturday .
Thousands wished the first lady well after the procedure according to a statement from the first lady 's office issued upon her return to the White House . She was said to be in “ good spirits ” after the successful procedure and was looking “ forward to a full recovery so she can continue her work on behalf of children everywhere . ”
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @ MichelleDiana
As Gambia 's new president Adama Barrow settles into his new role , he is also taking steps to resuscitate international ties cut off by his predecessor Yahya Jammeh , including membership to the International Criminal Court and the Commonwealth of Nations .
The tiny West African nation has now formally informed the United Nations that it is reversing its request to withdraw from the International Criminal Court , made by Jammeh last October .
The new government issued a statement announcing its reversal on state television , Reuters reported . `` As a new government that has committed itself to the promotion of human rights ... we reaffirm The Gambia 's commitment to the principles enshrined in the Rome Statue of the International Criminal Court , '' the government said .
Jammeh 's withdrawal from the ICC had not yet taken hold — according to the terms of the Rome Statute , a state 's withdrawal goes into effect a year after initial notification .
At the time , Gambia had accused the court of being biased against Africans , with one government minister going so far as to describe it as the `` International Caucasian Court , '' as The Two-Way reported . Gambia , like South Africa and Burundi , accused the court of ignoring crimes of non-African nations and took steps to withdraw late last year . Here 's more from our previous reporting :
`` Every person tried by the ICC since the treaty creating it was adopted in 1998 has been African . `` Other war crimes trials have been carried out by ad hoc tribunals created after a specific conflict , such as those created for Yugoslavia and Cambodia , or for the Nuremberg trials conducted after World War II . ''
Clément Capo-Chichi , Africa regional coordinator with the Coalition for the International Criminal Court , told The Associated Press that the move is a `` crucial victory for victims of grave crimes and the rule of law . ''
Barrow 's road to the presidency was extremely tumultuous . In December 's presidential election he defeated Jammeh , the leader of the Gambia for 22 years . But then Jammeh refused to step down , eventually resulting in West African military troops crossing Gambia 's borders . After Barrow was sworn into office in neighboring Senegal , Jammeh eventually succumbed to massive international pressure and left the country .
He fled to Equatorial Guinea – incidentally , a country that is not a member state of the ICC .
Now , the new Gambian government is also receiving high-profile diplomatic visits and pledges of international support .
U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson paid Barrow a visit Tuesday , which the BBC describes as `` the first to the Gambia by a British foreign secretary . '' On the agenda : Gambia 's request to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations , an international organization comprised of 52 nations that were once British colonies .
The former leader pulled Gambia out of the Commonwealth in 2013 , according to a statement from the organization . Now , a Commonwealth spokesperson said it welcomed the move : `` We looked forward to the country 's eventual return because it was part of our very close knit family and our doors have always remained open . ''
The European Union has also declared a `` new chapter of relations with The Gambia . '' It froze assistance nearly three years ago , according to the BBC . But last week , EU Commissioner for International Cooperation and Development Neven Mimica traveled to the Gambia and announced a $ 79 million package of immediate support .
Jammeh had a dismal human rights record . Barrow appears to be taking steps to change that pattern . As Reuters reported , `` police opened their first investigation on Monday into unresolved deaths and disappearances under Jammeh . ''
In a recent press conference , Barrow also stated that he intends to convene a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to address human rights violations of his predecessor .
He was also candid about the scope of obstacles he faces : `` There was a government here for 22 years . 22 years is a long time . And we are able to change the government after 22 years , so obviously there will be a lot of challenges . To look at all the system , and make a complete overhaul . I think that is a big challenge to my new government . ''
( Adds banker comment and context )
By Laura Benitez
LONDON , April 5 ( IFR ) - Volkswagen is capitalising on the insatiable demand for the euro deal that marked its return to the global capital markets last month , and is now tapping investors for sterling debt .
Volkswagen Financial Services is marketing a dual-tranche four and eight-year benchmark bond - a comeback trade for what was one of Europe 's most frequent corporate bond issuers until it admitted cheating in US emissions tests in September 2015 .
VW was last in the sterling market in April 2015 with a £350m five-year .
`` It was a matter of time before they returned to the sterling market and it was important that they did the euro first . But with that out of the way and it 's going so well , there was nothing to stop them , '' a lead on the deal said .
Initial price thoughts for the four-year tranche are Gilts plus 135bp , and 155bp for the eight-year .
The 1.750 % April 2020 bond is bid at Gilts plus 119bp , from a wide of plus 308bp in September 2015 , according to Tradeweb . It was originally sold at plus 70bp .
At the end of last month , the troubled automaker issued its first euro unsecured bond since the cheating scandal , attracting €25bn of demand for the €8bn multi-tranche transaction .
However , unlike that deal , which was issued out of its International Finance subsidiary , today 's transaction is being issued out of its Financial Services arm , rated A2/BBB+ by Moody 's and S & P .
Consequently , VW Financial Services does not qualify for the Bank of England 's Corporate Bond Purchase Scheme , unlike March 's euro deal ( rated A3/BBB+ negative/negative by Moody 's and S & P ) , which received support from the European Central Bank 's Corporate Sector Purchase Programme .
According to a lead , the borrower 's sterling funding is typically issued out of its Financial Services arm .
Bookrunners on today 's deal are Barclays , Goldman Sachs and HSBC .
Volkswagen also plans to return to the US dollar market this year , and to the hybrid sector in the second half of the year , Joerg Boche , VW 's head of treasury , said on an investor call last month . ( Reporting By Laura Benitez ; Editing by Philip Wright )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MIAMI — 28-year-old Jacob Garcia is facing charges of disorderly conduct for allegedly groping a female passenger on an American Airlines flight from Chicago to Miami , according to WGN .
A Miami-Dade police report says the flight crew told officers they tried to move 28-year-old Jacob Garcia of Chicago to another seat , but he continued to be unruly , screaming and insulting the woman and her boyfriend .
Police then asked Garcia to leave Flight 2446 , which was waiting to take off from Miami to Chicago , but he refused .
After Garcia was asked to move seats he began screaming at the female passenger and her boyfriend . A passenger on the plane said he said a racial slur to the guards .
“ Right before the guy sits down in his seat , he turns to the security guard and shouts at him he said , ‘ My people were building civilizations while you monkeys were still swinging from the trees , ' ” Adisak Pochanayon said . “ There was a couple people on the flight who wanted to get up and leave . There was a black gentleman two rows in front who was like , ‘ I ca n't be on this flight with this racist . ”
Pochanayon recorded video from the incident . He said after Garcia refused to leave the plane , the pilot announced the whole plane would have to be emptied .
Pochanayon said he believes something just was n't right with Garcia who showed great physical strength and an ability to be unfazed by the Taser .
Passenger videos show police zapping the man as they struggled to get him off the plane . He kept asking why they were removing him . Passengers can be seen clapping and cheering as Garcia is later escorted through the airport .
Garcia faces disorderly conduct and other charges . Jail records do n't list an attorney .
An American Airlines statement says crew members asked the man to get off the plane after he had a `` disagreement '' with another passenger Sunday night ; the man refused to leave and the crew began deplaning passengers . The statement says during that process , a physical altercation broke out between the two passengers .
The plane left an hour late .
0 How vulnerable is the U.S. power grid to a cyberattack ? 5 things to know
When the Trump administration announced new and tougher sanctions on Russia last week , officials also said the sanctions were , in part , punishment for attempted Russian cyberattacks on critical U.S. infrastructure , including the United States ' power grid .
> > Read more trending news
Over the past several years , hackers have targeted a Vermont utility , power grids in Ukraine and Ireland , a nuclear power plant in the U.S. and U.S. energy companies , according to news reports .
The Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority reported Monday that it was hacked .
Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority reports that it was hacked . — Frances Robles ( @ FrancesRobles ) March 19 , 2018
The U.S. electrical grid is highly complex with some 3,300 utility companies that work together to deliver power through 200,000 miles of high-voltage transmission lines . The nation also has 55,000 electrical substations and 5.5 million miles of distribution lines that power millions of homes and businesses , according to a report last year .
> > Related : Researchers : Hackers develop highly customizable cyberweapon aimed at electrical grids
Just how vulnerable is the U.S. to a cyberattack on its critical infrastructure , like the power grid ?
> > Related : The 2017 Russian sanctions bill : What does it do ; what is Russia 's response ; will Trump sign it ?
In April of 2017 , the Council on Foreign Relations released a report on the vulnerability of the U.S. power grid . Because of the importance of electricity to the smooth functioning of society and because of the critical nature of power to the 16 sectors of the U.S economy that make up what 's considered critical infrastructure , a significant attack on the grid could cause serious damage in the U.S. , if it were to happen . “ Any of the system 's principal elements – power generation , transmission or distribution – could be targeted for a cyberattack , ” the agency said .
Here are 5 things to know :
1- The U.S. power grid has long been considered a target for a major cyberattack ; however “ carrying out a cyberattack that successfully disrupts grid operations would be extremely difficult , but not impossible , ” according to the Council on Foreign Relations ' report .
2- The U.S. power grid was built for “ reliability and safety ” and is fairly easy to defend . During winter weather or a hurricane for example , U.S. power crews are good at anticipating problems and can generally move away from computers to manual operations , cybersecurity expert Robert M. Lee said in an interview with Scientific American magazine .
> > Related : Hackers target European businesses , banks , services in new cyberattacks
3- Because of computer technology and the growing interconnectedness of the digital landscape , and because returning to manual operations is growing more difficult , Lee said that there is cause for concern . “ Our adversaries are getting much more aggressive . They 're learning a lot about our industrial systems , not just from a computer technology standpoint but from an industrial engineering standpoint , thinking about how to disrupt or maybe even destroy equipment . That 's where you start reaching some particularly alarming scenarios , ” Lee told Scientific American .
4- The director of the National Security Agency , Adm. Michael Rogers , in testimony before Congress in 2014 , said that China and a few other countries likely had the capability to shut down the U.S. power grid . “ Rapid digitization combined with low levels of investment in cybersecurity and a weak regulatory regime suggest that the U.S. power system is as vulnerable - if not more vulnerable - to a cyberattack as systems in other parts of the world , ” officials with the Council on Foreign Relations said .
> > Related : Homeland Security investigating after massive cyberattacks take down sites across the internet
5- A cyberattack on the U.S. electric grid could cause power losses in large parts of the United States that could last days or up to several weeks in some places , and it would cause a substantial economic impact , the Council on Foreign Relations reported . The report found the U.S. needs to work to put in place measures to prevent a cyberattack on the power grid , and to find ways to lessen the potentially catastrophic impact should one occur .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
LEICESTER , England — Swansea climbed out of the Premier League relegation zone with a 1-1 draw Saturday at Leicester , which was again missing midfielder Riyad Mahrez .
All the pre-match talk was about the Algerian , who has not been seen by the club since his proposed move to Manchester City collapsed on Wednesday .
Mahrez unexpectedly missed the defeat at Everton that night and has not been at training , although his absence Saturday was anticipated as Leicester boss Claude Puel allowed the former PFA Player of the year time to `` clear his head . ''
It looked like he might not be missed as Leicester played some lovely football during the first half and took the lead after 17 minutes through Jamie Vardy .
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
In Minneapolis , 2,500 amateur players take to the frozen surface of Lake Nokomis for the U.S. Pond Hockey Championship in a celebration of a childhood joy for millions of players .
Lucknow : A gangster was killed and nearly two dozen criminals were arrested by police in 15 encounters in different districts of Uttar Pradesh during the past two days , a police spokesperson said here on Saturday .
The encounters took place in Bulandshahr , Shamli , Kanpur , Saharanpur , Lucknow , Baghpat , Muzaffarnagar , Gorakhpur , Hapur and Meerut .
`` As many as 24 wanted criminals were arrested and one gangster killed in 15 police encounters reported from 10 districts of the state over a span of 48 hours , '' the spokesperson said .
Gangster Inderpal , who carried a reward of Rs 25,000 , was gunned down by the Special Task Force in the encounter in Naglakhepad jungle yesterday .
According to Superintendent of Police ( STF ) Rajiv Narain Singh , Inderpal was wanted in more than 30 cases of loot and murder in Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand .
The police also claimed to have recovered countrymade arms , ammunition , motorcycle , cars apart from cash which was robbed by the criminals .
The maximum number of encounters was reported from Bulandshahr and Shamli , where four and six criminals were arrested respectively .
Three of those arrested in Bulandshahr carried a cash reward for Rs 20,000 each on their head . Two encounters took place in Kanpur .
Yesterday , two suspected criminals and as many policemen , including a station house officer , were injured in an encounter in Gorakhpur .
The incident took place when Maneesh Yadav and Manoj Yadav were escaping after threatening a village head , police said .
Police said that a team was rushed to the spot after receiving a complaint from the victim .
In the encounter , Station House Officer , Khorabar , Sudhir Kumar , and Sub-Inspector , Jhangha , Sunil Kumar Singh suffered minor injuries , they said .
The police have seized a .32 bore pistol , a 12 bore gun , bullets and the motorcycle on which they were escaping .
The criminals were injured in the gunfight . They were subsequently arrested and admitted to BRD Medical College .
Police claimed that they have confessed to their involvement in the murder of businessman Dinesh Gupta of Nai Bazaar , Jhangha , in Gorakhpur on Sunday .
The Uttar Pradesh Police has intensified its crackdown on criminals after the new DGP O P Singh took charge last month .
Chief Minister Yogi Aditynath had vowed to take strict action against the criminals after his government faced criticism over a string of crimes in the state .
A A
SALEM , Ore. — Oregon 's state Land Board voted 2-1 Tuesday to sell the state 's oldest public forest .
Gov . Kate Brown , the board chair , clashed with its sole Republican member as she attempted to keep the preserve in public hands and at least delayed the sale .
Brown voted against the proposal and Secretary of State Dennis Richardson and State Treasurer Tobias Read said yes to selling the 82,500-acre forest to a logging firm and a tribal partner . Brown then ordered the director of the Department of State Lands to consider a public ownership plan and to present it at the next state land board meeting in April .
“ Point of order , ” Richardson , a Republican who holds the second-highest position in the state , told Brown . “ I move to override the direction you just gave to the director because it 's contrary to the motion the land board just passed . ”
“ It is not contrary to the land board motion that just passed , ” Brown replied in a packed room .
Richardson insisted on making the motion to override Brown 's order , but Read , a Democrat , stayed silent . With the motion having failed , Brown concluded the meeting with a bang of the gavel .
There was only one bidder for the forest near Coos Bay whose price was set at $ 221 million : Lone Rock timber company , which would own 87 percent with its tribal partner , the Cow Creek band of Umpqua , owning the remaining 13 percent .
A listener named Grace has a HUGE crush on one of her coworkers named Evan . She says they are flirty at the office , and she thinks he could possibly be her soulmate . There is one major issue though , and that is that Grace already has a boyfriend ! and she says shes happy with him . That does n't matter to Grace though ! If Evan says he is interested in her… she will dump her current boyfriend and date Evan !
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
Court records show 2,222 were criminal cases , including illegal drug charges
Published 5:48 PM , February 03 , 2018
BACOLOD CITY , Philippines – A total of 2,915 cases filed in 14 Regional Trial Courts here have been resolved since last year .
Of the total , 2,222 were criminal cases including illegal drug charges , court records showed , while 693 were civil complaints , special proceedings and cadastral cases .
RTC Branch 54 of Judge Eduardo Sayson has the highest disposal rate with 292 cases resolved , followed by RTC Branch 48 of Judge Rosario Ester Orda Caise with 279 and RTC Branch 50 of Judge Estefanio Libutan Jr with 265 .
In 2017 , 1,025 criminal cases were filed and are still pending in court .
There are currently 10 incumbent judges . Four retired in 2017 and early this year .
Active drug cases
Since January 2017 , a total of 978 active drug cases are yet to be resolved in different courts of Bacolod .
Court records showed that RTC Branch 45 under Judge Phoebe Balbin had the most number of drug cases with 188 charges being tried .
RTC Branch 48 and RTC Branch 46 of Judge Edgar Tupas have 169 and 115 drug cases , respectively .
Only RTC Branch 47 under Judge Therese Blanche Bolunia and RTC Branch 52 under Executive Judge Raymond Joseph Javier were originally designated as drugs court .
In September 2016 , the Supreme Court ( SC ) issued a circular in September 2016 , ordering the raffling of all drug cases to general jurisdictional courts . This is to give time for the drug courts to dispose of all the cases being tried under their jurisdiction .
For 2017 , Javier disposed of 253 drug cases , with 153 for Bolunia .
Javier earlier noted that the number of drug cases in the courts of Bacolod shot up since President Rodrigo Duterte assumed office in July 2016 . – Rappler.com
Complete access to news articles on azcapitoltimes.com is available to Arizona Capitol Times ' subscribers who are logged in . Subscribers may login at the login tab below . Others may join our audience of successful Arizonans with a subscription today
MUMBAI Kane Williamson more than compensated for his lack of raw power with characteristic finesse to score 89 and set up Sunrisers Hyderabad 's 15-run victory against Delhi Daredevils in the Indian Premier League on Wednesday .
The champions kept him out of their first five matches of the ongoing tournament but the New Zealand captain provided a timely reminder of his worth in his first outing .
He started off slowly but went on to hit six boundaries and five sixes in his 51-ball knock to prove that he may not rival the power-hitting prowess of someone like West Indian Chris Gayle but is technically adequately equipped for the short format .
`` I wish I could smack a few like Chris Gayle , but unfortunately not to be , '' he told the tournament website .
`` I think it is about adapting to the best of your abilities and playing around with your strong points .
`` There are some incredible players that can whack it 120 meters . I do practise hard in the nets to hit the ball long , but probably it is not in my genetic make-up to do that .
`` So , I try and find a different way , something similar to the knock I played tonight . ''
With skipper David Warner , fellow Australian Moises Henriques and the Indian duo of Shikhar Dhawan and Yuvraj Singh preferred in the top half of Hyderabad 's batting line-up , Williamson replaced Afghan off-spinner Mohammad Nabi for the home game against Delhi .
`` Sitting on the bench for the first few games is part and parcel , and the guys were doing a fantastic job , '' the 26-year-old said .
`` Being on the sidelines you are always practising to be as ready as you can for your first game .
`` It has to do a lot with the mental shift from the other formats that we have been playing . That is the challenge , you have to be in tune with everything and be ready whenever need be . ''
( Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly ; editing by Amlan Chakraborty )
That has n't been an easy assignment . Dawkins leads the team with 341 yards rushing and six TDs . He 's also thrown for 670 yards and five scores .
Dawkins is coming off game in which he threw three interceptions during a 30-24 loss to No . 20 Utah on Sept. 22 .
`` It 's the big mistakes that have been hurting us , but he 's not the only one making mistakes , '' Arizona coach Rich Rodriguez said at his weekly news conference . `` We 've all made them . Brandon knows that we ca n't have a big mistake , and ca n't have turnovers . We have to capitalize on opportunities of big , potential plays . ''
Here are things to know heading into a game where the Wildcats have won two straight at Folsom Field :
YOUNG CATS : The Wildcats have played 27 freshmen , including 17 true freshmen . Tight end Bryce Wolma leads the team in receptions with 15 , while linebacker Colin Schooler has recorded 11 tackles , an interception and a forced fumbled over his last two games . `` I have been pleasantly surprised with some of the young players that have n't made as many mental mistakes , which is good , '' Rodriguez said .
MUCH RESPECT : Count Rodriguez as a fan of Buffaloes tailback Philip Lindsay , who 's rushed for 529 yards this season . He 's 196 yards away from moving into the top five on Colorado 's all-time rushing list . `` He 's a big-time player , '' Rodriguez said .
FAMILY WEEKEND : Colorado junior receiver Jay MacIntyre may not get to spend all that much time with his father as part of Family Weekend festivities . That 's fine , he sees enough of his dad/coach in practice anyway . Here 's a stat about Family Weekend in coach Mike MacIntyre 's favour : The Buffaloes are 18-7 since celebrating what was once known as Parent 's Weekend .
SOMETHING HAS TO GIVE : The Buffaloes are one of nine teams in the nation that has n't allowed a kickoff return longer than 22 yards . On the flip side , the Wildcats are averaging 25.9 yards , which is 17th in the country .
STATS , STATS , STATS : The Wildcats have outscored opponents by a 76-36 margin in the second half ... The Buffaloes are two wins shy of No . 700 in school history . They 're 698-496-36 .
___
More AP college football : http : //collegefootball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Pat Graham , The Associated Press
TORONTO — Corus Entertainment Inc. says it and Bell Media Inc. have agreed to end a deal on two Quebec specialty television channels after the proposed sale was blocked by the Commissioner of Competition .
Corus said on Monday it was reviewing the commissioner 's rejection of the deal to sell French-language channels Historia and Series+ to Bell .
When the companies announced the sale in October 2017 , they valued the transaction at about $ 200 million .
In addition to Competition Act approval , the deal had required approval from the CRTC .
Blake Shelton and Adam Levine argue just like animals .
The Voice returned to television just a few weeks ago , but the two singers — who have bickered like brothers since the start — are back at it again .
In a new video shared exclusively with PEOPLE , the show 's two male coaches fight over everything from winning over contestants to who has a more successful career .
“ I 'm done … I will just sit back and watch The Destruction of Adam Levine starring Blake Shelton , ” Levine says at the beginning of the clip .
“ Adam 's havin ' a really rough day , and I like it , ” Shelton says .
After loads of mockery and back-and-forth nonsense , first-time coach Jennifer Hudson jumps in wondering why everyone ca n't just get along .
“ What is going on ? ” Hudson questions with a look of shock on her face while returning coach Miley Cyrus sits back and rolls her eyes at the guys .
“ I do n't feel bad for him at all , ” Shelton says , shaking his head . “ Adam and I tried to start off this season getting along , and we did for about a half a day there , but the second that he and I both wanted somebody , then all of a sudden he started slingin ' the mud , and here we are again . ”
The Voice airs Mondays and Tuesdays at 8 p.m. on NBC .
× Facebook data whistleblower : ‘ fake news to the next level '
NEW YORK ( AP ) — A Trump-affiliated firm under scrutiny for inappropriately obtaining data on tens of millions of Facebook users created profiling algorithms that “ took fake news to the next level , ” a former employee said .
Chris Wylie said the firm , Cambridge Analytica , secured personal data in order to learn about individuals and then used it to create an information cocoon to change their perceptions .
“ This is based on an idea called ‘ informational dominance , ' which is the idea that if you can capture every channel of information around a person and then inject content around them , you can change their perception of what 's actually happening , ” Wylie said .
In an interview Monday on NBC 's “ Today , ” Wylie said Cambridge Analytica aimed to “ explore mental vulnerabilities of people. ” He said the firm “ works on creating a web of disinformation online so people start going down the rabbit hole of clicking on blogs , websites etc . that make them think things are happening that may not be . ”
This idea of “ information dominance , ” of propaganda , Wylie told The Guardian newspaper earlier , is the notion that if you can control all of the streams of information to your opponents , “ you can influence how they perceive that battle space and you can then influence how they 're going to behave and react . ”
Late Friday , Facebook said it would ban Cambridge Analytica , saying the company improperly obtained information from 270,000 people who downloaded a purported research app described as a personality test . Facebook first learned of the breach more than two years ago , but has n't disclosed it until now .
The developments are the latest to show how people try to exploit Facebook in ways that could sway elections , and in the worst cases even undermine democracy . Before the Cambridge imbroglio , there were Russian agents running election-related propaganda campaigns through targeted ads and fake political events .
Wylie claimed Cambridge Analytica used the data it had while speaking with Russian businesses . He also said that while political ads are also targeted at specific voters , what 's different here is that people would n't know they were getting messages aimed at influencing their views .
Cambridge Analytica has denied wrongdoing and said it deleted all data it received from a contractor after learning the data had been obtained in violation of Facebook policies . The firm said none of that data was used in its 2016 election work for the “ avoidance of doubt. ” President Donald Trump 's campaign Saturday denied using the firm 's data , saying it relied on the Republican National Committee for its data .
Wylie left Cambridge Analytica in 2014 , and it 's not clear how the firm targeted people with misinformation during the 2016 presidential campaign . What is clear is that two-thirds of Americans get at least some of their news on social media , according to Pew Research Center , and about 20 percent do so “ often. ” While people do n't exist in a Facebook-only vacuum , it is possible that bogus information users saw on the site could later be reinforced by the “ rabbit hole ” of clicks and conspiracy sites on the broader internet , as Wylie described .
While Wylie said he does n't know whether Trump 's campaign used the techniques , he said Trump 's former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski was meeting with Cambridge Analytica in 2015 , before Trump even announced his run for office .
By Abby Hassler
Bruno Mars shocked his sold-out Auburn Hills , MI audience on Saturday ( August 12 ) when he announced he will donate $ 1 million from the show 's proceeds to provide aid to Flint water crisis victims .
Related : Bruno Mars Releases ‘ Versace on the Floor ' Video Starring Zendaya
“ I 'm very thankful to the Michigan audience for joining me in supporting this cause , ” Mars said . “ Ongoing challenges remain years later for Flint residents , and it 's important that we do n't forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster . As people , especially as Americans , we need to stand together to make sure something like this never happens in any community ever again . ”
The funds will benefit The Community Foundation of Greater Flint nonprofit .
Recent news :
MS Amlin joins Flood Re
Catrin Shi 14 February 2017
MS Amlin has signed up to take part in UK government-backed flood insurance scheme Flood Re .
Flood Re aims to deliver more affordable insurance for households in areas at high risk of flooding .
The scheme , which was launched last year , will be accessible by all MS Amlin brokers and coverholder partners for new business from this month and for renewal business from 1 March .
Martyn Dolan , leading class underwriter for household at MS Amlin , said the company 's entry into the ...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article , then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
VIENNA The European Central Bank will have to hold a discussion next month about its strategy for 2018 and the eventual exit from its ultra easy monetary policy , ECB Governing Council member Ewald Nowotny said in comments published on Tuesday .
The ECB last week said that prospects for the euro zone economy have improved but the time to withdraw support has not yet come , resisting pressure from countries like Germany to start winding down its 2.3 trillion euro asset-purchase program .
READ MORE : Euro zone factory activity hits six-year high in April : PMI
`` At the ( ECB ) meeting in June we will have to discuss the future strategy , the strategy for the beginning of 2018 , '' Nowotny , who heads the Austrian National Bank , told newspaper Die Presse .
`` It is clear that the ( asset-purchasing ) program has been and is a success . But on the other hand it is also clear that it must not become a permanent facility ... That is the challenge we face , '' he added . `` The longer such a program continues , the more one must think about its consequences . ''
READ MORE : Pledging more austerity , Greece cuts deal with lenders
The ECB 's next meeting is on June 8 and most analysts expect a change in the bank 's guidance and possibly the elimination of its bias for more policy easing . But no decision on actual policy steps is likely until September , at the earliest .
( Reporting by Francois Murphy and Shadia Nasralla ; Editing by Balazs Koranyi )
Local News > Archive > October 2017 > 6
< < `` Sunday in the Park slated '' - `` Police seek information in vehicle breaking and entering at Deeper Life Church '' > >
Police investigate armed robbery on Lionel Street
By News-Argus Staff
Published in News on October 6 , 2017 10:19 AM
Goldsboro police are investigating after a man was robbed at gunpoint on Lionel Street Thursday afternoon , according to a police incident report .
According to the report , a man was walking on the 100 block of Lionel Street just after noon Thursday , when he heard a vehicle approach him from behind . When the vehicle drove up next to him , the driver rolled the window down , pointed a handgun at him and yelled `` Give it up , man . ''
The victim responded `` I do n't have anything to give you , '' prompting the suspect to exit the vehicle and walk toward the victim . The suspect then took the victim 's smartphone , valued at $ 100 , and left moving north on Lionel Street , according to the report .
Police Major Anthony Carmon said that the police department has a suspect in the case , but that suspect has not been charged with anything yet .
April 28 Iou Financial Inc
* Iou Financial Inc. releases financial results for the year ended December 31 , 2016
* Iou Financial Inc - As of December 31 , 2016 , Iou 's total loans under management decreased to $ 70.3 million as compared to $ 92.7 million at end of year 2015
* Iou Financial Inc - Gross revenue for year ended December 31 , 2016 was $ 17.4 million versus $ 12.0 million for year ended December 31 , 2015 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Teheran gave up five hits , two runs and three walks in seven innings . He struck out three .
New York moved Vargas up in the rotation after Noah Syndergaard went on the disabled list with a strained ligament in his right index finger . Vargas had given up 34 hits , including six homers , with 10 walks in 20 1/3 innings in his first season with the Mets and was hit hard in a loss May 3 to the Braves in New York .
But he kept Atlanta off-balance , allowing a first-inning single to Freddie Freeman and a second-inning double to Charlie Culberson .
Tim Peterson , making his major league debut , retired the first four batters he faced before Johan Camargo hit his fourth homer in the seventh to cut the lead to 2-1 .
PERFECT CONDITIONS
After the first three games had over four combined hours of delays caused by rain or the threat of a storm , Wednesday 's games breezed through in 2 hours , 42 minutes . The temperature stayed in the high 70s on a clear night .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Mets : LHP Steven Matz is listed day to day , and the team hopes he wo n't miss a turn in the rotation with a mild strain in his middle left finger . Manager Mickey Callaway said Matz is n't expected to go on the disabled list .
Braves : RHP Mike Soroka , on the disabled list the past two weeks with a right shoulder strain , will make his first rehab appearance Friday at Class A Rome .
UP NEXT
Mets : RHP Seth Lugo ( 1-1 , 2.48 ERA ) will make his first start of the season as the Mets open a four-game home series against the Chicago Cubs . In 26 starts , he 's 12-6 with a 4.09 ERA . He 's 0-1 with a 9.00 ERA in one start and two relief appearances when facing the Cubs .
Braves : LHP Sean Newcomb ( 5-1 , 2.75 ERA ) is coming off no-decision last Saturday at Boston in which he lasted just three innings and gave up six hits and three runs . Before that , Newcomb had won four starts this month and allowed just one run and nine hits in 25 innings . Newcomb is 0-2 with a 9.72 ERA in two career starts against Washington .
___
For more AP baseball coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By George Henry , The Associated Press
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Peabody Energy Corp :
* ELLIOTT MANAGEMENT SAYS IT OWNS COMBINED ECONOMIC EXPOSURE OF ABOUT 27 % OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK IN PEABODY ENERGY AS OF JAN 31 , 2018 - SEC FILING
* ELLIOTT MANAGEMENT SAYS HAD PREVIOUSLY OWNS COMBINED ECONOMIC EXPOSURE OF 30.9 % OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK IN PEABODY ENERGY AS OF APRIL 18 , 2017 Source text - bit.ly/2DYh1ay Further company coverage :
Scroll for more content ...
Democratic Sen. Tammy Duckworth expressed concern Sunday about the way the executive branch is handling the immigration crisis , but stopped short of joining her liberal colleagues in the Senate calling to abolish US Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
`` I think there are a lot of other things we can do before we get to that point , '' Duckworth told CNN 's `` State of the Union '' anchor Jake Tapper . `` First of which , which is , you 've got somebody in the White House who has these policies which are horrendous , which he still has n't fixed . Families are still separated . Children are still in cages . Nursing babies are still separated from their moms . ''
The Illinois senator 's comments come after some of her Democratic colleagues , including New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand and Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren , called for ICE to be abolished during protests over the weekend .
Duckworth said that the crisis of undocumented immigrant children being separated from their families is rooted in policies enacted by President Donald Trump 's administration .
`` I think if you abolish ICE as it is as an executive agency , it reflects the policies of the White House , of the President , '' she said . `` You abolish ICE now , you still have the same President with the same failed policies , whatever you replace it with is just still ( going to ) reflect what this President wants to do . ''
Duckworth was n't the only Midwestern Democratic lawmaker who stopped short of calling for ICE to be eliminated . Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar also said on ABC 's `` This Week '' Sunday that the crisis was rooted in poor policies .
`` I think what has to change are the policies , and the people that are making these policies are making horrendous decisions like separating kids from their parents , '' Klobuchar said . `` We are always going to need immigration enforcement . ... So to me , the issue is what are those policies , and please let 's get comprehensive immigration reform , something I 've strongly supported for years . ''
Duckworth also told CNN that she has not received a response from the White House to a letter asking how the administration plans to reunite immigrant children with their families .
`` ( My concern is ) that they do n't have a plan . That 's my suspicion , '' Duckworth said . `` I do n't think they even really know where all of the children are and who these children belong to . ''
JOHANNESBURG , April 5 South Africa 's Bid Corporation ( Bidcorp ) has bought a 90 percent stake in Spanish foodservice group Guzman Gastronomia and Cuttings , it said on Wednesday without disclosing the value .
Bidcorp , spun out of Bidvest last year in a $ 5 billion listing on the Johannesburg Securities Exchange , said in February it could tap $ 1.2 billion for acquisitions to extend its push outside its home market .
Guzman is a foodservice company supplying hotels , restaurants , industrial caterers and other institutions throughout Spain , Bidcorp said in a statement .
The Spanish firm 's revenue is expected to be about 100 million euros ( $ 106.67 million ) this year , Bidcorp said , adding that the Spanish foodservice market had potential to grow as the economy picked up and the tourism industry expanded .
The South African firm acquired its stake from Miura Private Equity and Guzman 's management , who retain a 10 percent interest .
( $ 1 = 0.9375 euros ) ( Reporting by TJ Strydom ; Editing by Edmund Blair )
VOL . 42 | NO . 21 | Friday , May 25 , 2018
BIRMINGHAM , Ala. ( AP ) — Mudslides triggered by the soggy remnants of Alberto forced evacuations below a dam and closed an interstate highway in the western mountains of North Carolina on Wednesday .
Forecasters warned that the leftovers of the Atlantic hurricane season 's first named storm are still capable of causing treacherous flooding as heavy precipitation spreads deeper into the nation 's midsection . Flash flood watches were in effect for parts of several states from Alabama through Tennessee , Kentucky , Illinois , the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia .
About 2,000 people were evacuated after emergency managers said the Lake Tahoma dam in western North Carolina was in danger of `` imminent failure . '' Heavy rain triggered landslides at the dam , and the National Weather Service said `` evacuees are being asked to flee . ''
Just before dawn Wednesday , McDowell County Emergency Management deputy director Adrienne Jones told The Associated Press that the dam had not failed , but an engineer who had inspected the scene was concerned enough to order the evacuation until the dam could be examined in daylight .
Jones said about 200 residents of the evacuees were in three shelters , set up in Marion , Old Fort and Glenwood . She said five minor injuries have been reported during water rescues as creeks and streams overflowed their banks and rock slides closed roads .
The big , messy storm caused more than 25,000 power outages in Alabama on Tuesday , a day after making landfall on the Florida Panhandle . Many of the outages were caused by trees rooted in soggy soil falling across utility lines .
`` We 've had a lot of rain , but we got lucky . It was a constant rain but not a heavy rain , '' said Regina Myers , emergency management director in Walker County northwest of Birmingham .
Subtropical storm Alberto rolled ashore Monday afternoon in the Florida Panhandle before quickly weakening to a depression . By Tuesday morning , beachcombers had returned to the white sands of the Northern Gulf .
In Cuba , flooding damaged an oil refinery and caused crude oil to spill into Cienfuegos Bay as the remnants of Alberto continued to drench the island in heavy rain . State-owned TV showed authorities using barriers Tuesday to try to contain the spill from the Cienfuegos refinery in central Cuba about 150 miles ( 240 kilometers ) southeast of Havana .
In North Carolina , a television news anchor and a photojournalist were killed Monday while covering the weather , when a tree became uprooted from rain-soaked ground and toppled onto their SUV , authorities said . WYFF-TV of Greenville , South Carolina , said news anchor Mike McCormick and photojournalist Aaron Smeltzer were killed .
`` Two journalists working to keep the public informed about this storm have tragically lost their lives , and we mourn with their families , friends and colleagues , '' North Carolina Gov . Roy Cooper said in a statement .
Alberto was more of a rainstorm than a wind threat , but the National Weather Service said at least one tornado had been confirmed .
The weather service said its meteorologists confirmed a weak tornado with maximum winds of 85 mph ( 147 kph ) hit an area around Cameron , South Carolina , on Monday afternoon . No one was hurt .
____
Associated Press writers Jennifer Kay in Miami Beach , Florida , Kate Brumback in Atlanta and Jeffrey S. Collins in Columbia , South Carolina , contributed to this report .
'The President does not take issues of corruption sitting down , ' says Presidential Spokesman Harry Roque
Published 2:47 PM , December 12 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Malacañang said on Tuesday , December 12 , that President Rodrigo Duterte will look into allegations against Development Academy of the Philippines President Elba Cruz , his appointee .
`` I 'm sure the President will investigate this particular complaint . As you can see , the President does not take issues of corruption sitting down , '' said Presidential Spokesman Harry Roque during a Malacañang news briefing .
DAP employees have accused Cruz of unauthorized organizational restructuring of the DAP , violations of Civil Service Commission ( CSC ) rules , continuous threats of mass termination against employees , and frequent foreign travels .
Roque , commenting on Duterte 's penchant for firing officials due to unnecessary or lavish travels , said , `` I think the President has given a topmost priority to running after government officials who are engaged in junketing ‘ no or 'government junketeers . ' ''
The DAP employees claim Cruz has been going on `` monthly '' foreign trips in the 8 months she has been president .
A lifestyle check is sure to be among the powers of the Presidential Anti-Corruption Commission which Duterte created in October through an executive order , said Roque .
But more than two months later , the President is yet to appoint anyone to the commission .
`` The Palace is still vetting the individuals who will man the Presidential Anti- ( Corruption ) Commission , '' said Roque .
Also on Tuesday , Roque announced President Rodrigo Duterte 's plan to fire all top officials of the Presidential Commission for the Urban Poor due to allegations that they go on `` unnecessary junkets '' and fail to meet en banc . – Rappler.com
MANILA A maritime code of conduct between Southeast Asia and China must be legally binding to put a stop to `` unilateral actions '' in the South China Sea , because a previous commitment to play fair had been ignored , the ASEAN secretary general said on Friday .
The Association of South East Asian Nations had not received any guarantees from China in discussions to create a framework for the code within this year , but ASEAN was hopeful a set of rules could be agreed to ward off disputes and militarization , Le Luong Minh told Reuters .
`` For ASEAN , such a framework must have substantial elements , and such a code of conduct must be legally binding , '' he said in an interview .
Signing China up to a code that it must abide by , and can be enforced , has long been a goal for ASEAN 's claimant members : Vietnam , the Philippines , Brunei and Malaysia .
China claims sovereignty over almost the entire South China Sea .
China 's recent decision to work with ASEAN to draw up a framework for a code , 15 years after they agreed to one , has been met with a mix of optimism and scepticism , coming at a time when Beijing races ahead with development of its seven artificial islands in the Spratlys .
It has put radar , runways , hangars and missiles on some of those features , causing alarm in the region and concern about its long-term intentions .
The framework , which all sides hope to finish this year , seeks to advance a 2002 Declaration of Conduct ( DOC ) of Parties in the South China Sea , which commits to following international law , ensuring freedom of navigation and not putting people on uninhabited islands and features .
MILITARIZATION ACTIVITIES
`` It 's important ... because of the complex developments in the South China Sea , especially the reclamation and militarization activities and all those unilateral actions , '' Minh said of the code .
`` In that context , the need for an instrument which is legally binding , which is capable of not only preventing but also managing such incidents , is very important . ''
Making demands of China is something ASEAN states have long been reluctant to do , wary of their economic dependence on their giant neighbour .
ASEAN leaders are meeting in Manila for a summit this week . Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Thursday it was pointless discussing Beijing 's contentious activities and no one dared to pressure it anyway .
Experts doubt China would tie itself to a set of rules in a waterway central to its geostrategic ambitions and expect it to drag the process out until ASEAN accepts a weaker code than it wants .
Asked if China had made any assurances it would stick to whatever code was agreed , Minh said : `` We do n't have any guarantee , we just have to try our best . ''
Minh said the code needed to be more comprehensive than the 2002 DOC , which was only a political declaration .
`` It was good if all parties were implementing what was agreed , but that 's not what is happening . The COC ( code of conduct ) , we need a legally binding instrument . ''
Minh also urged de-escalation of tensions on the Korean peninsula , and said North Korea 's foreign minister had sent a letter to him two weeks ago asking for ASEAN 's support . He did not say what Pyongyang had asked ASEAN to do .
`` They expressed concern over what they ( perceive ) to be the threat to their security , '' he said . `` They especially mentioned the joint exercises between the U.S. and South Korea . ''
( Writing by Martin Petty ; Editing by Robert Birsel )
NAIROBI An Indian registered cargo dhow that was hijacked by suspected Somali pirates on April 1 is now in the vicinity of Hobyo , a major meeting point of pirates when they were most active in 2011 , the EU Naval Force said on Monday , giving a location for the vessel for the first time .
`` An EU Naval Force maritime patrol aircraft has confirmed the exact location of the dhow and has attempted to establish radio communications but without success , '' it said in a statement on its website .
`` Investigations and operations are ongoing . ''
( Reporting by George Obulutsa ; Editing by Alison Williams )
'WHAT HATH GOD WROUGHT ? ' Move Over , Kitten Mittens . Kitten Vests Are The Hottest New Kitten Accessory
These poor kitties were given medical vests after being castrated the previous day . They did not like them very much .
Chino Valley Mayor Darryl Croft said the fireworks show in Chino Valley for the Fourth of July celebration has been canceled although other festivities will take place as planned .
He made his remarks in an email from Chino Valley Information Officer Matt Santos .
The decision comes after a meeting with town officials and representatives from the Central Arizona Fire and Medical Authority .
Chino Valley is the third city in the Quad-City area to cancel its fireworks , following Prescott and Prescott Valley , which canceled shows within the last week . Both cities cited dry conditions and a lack of rain as posing too much risk for fireworks .
Other festivities at Community Center Park , Road 1 East and Perkinsville Road in Chino Valley , will go on as planned with gates opening at 3 p.m. and festivities beginning at 4 p.m . The event includes free admission into the aquatic center , bounce houses , midway games and inflatable water slides .
Some attractions , including midway games , water features , and bounce houses will require a small fee .
TONIGHT : Every good finale has a surprise celebrity guest , and every good # PuertoRicoRelief challenge has a @ Lin_Manuel . So… pic.twitter.com/DxIeGo2Ufq — The Late Show ( @ colbertlateshow ) October 6 , 2017
Stephen Colbert and Nick Kroll have found a million reasons why that awkward puberty stage everyone goes through is a great thing .
Last week , the duo encouraged celebrities to share their most embarrassing photos from their teenage years with each one resulting in a $ 1,000 donation to Hurricane Maria relief in Puerto Rico . On Thursday 's Late Show , Colbert and Kroll revealed that the # PuberMe campaign has resulted in $ 1 million raised .
The money raised for One America Appeal came from CBS , the Americone Dream Fund , Kroll , and his Netflix series Big Mouth . Between them all , the total was sitting at $ 999,000 .
“ We made it so close , but what can we do ? ” said Colbert of coming up just short of $ 1 million . “ If only we had one more awkward celebrity puberty photo … but we just do n't . ”
Not so fast , as Lin-Manuel Miranda emerged from backstage to great applause . The Hamilton mastermind was among the celebrities to previously share their photos , joining Jimmy Kimmel , Lena Dunham , Seth Rogen and even former President Bill Clinton .
The Late Show airs weeknights at 11:35 p.m . ET on CBS . Watch the clip above .
This article originally appeared on Ew.com
WASHINGTON , March 29 The U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday said a New York law barring retailers from charging more to buy with credit instead of cash is a speech regulation and sent the case back to a lower court for further review .
The court , in a 8-0 decision , threw out a lower court 's ruling upholding the New York law as a price regulation . Merchants contend laws like the one in New York infringe on their free speech rights guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution by dictating how they describe their pricing to customers .
( Reporting by Lawrence Hurley ; Editing by Will Dunham )
April 12 Dryships Inc
* Announces one year time charter contract for one of its Newcastlemax vessels
* Company anticipates a total gross backlog of $ 7.1 million
* Entered 1 year time charter with major grain house for one of 206,000 DWT Newcastlemax drybulk vessels for expected duration of about 1year
* Anticipates contract to commence upon delivery of vessel , expected before end of April 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
HARRISBURG , Pa. , April 3 Two Pennsylvania families who claimed their drinking water had been tainted by fracking and the energy company they blamed for it said on Monday they would try to seek a settlement after a judge threw out a $ 4.2 million jury verdict against the company .
The case in Dimock , Pennsylvania is one of the highest-profile incidents in the United States of residents contending that fracking polluted their well water , an allegation the company Cabot Oil & Gas Co has denied .
U.S. Magistrate Judge Martin Carlson late Friday ordered the Dimock families and Cabot to try to reach a settlement .
The Ely and Hubert families were the last of more than 40 families living in the northeastern Pennsylvania town to continue their legal battle . They charged that their water was contaminated with methane gas after Cabot began fracking in 2008 . The other families settled in 2012 .
`` We were always for mediation , '' said Leslie Lewis , a lawyer for the families . `` We had to go to trial because we could n't get a fair decision . ''
Lewis said she was looking into whether her clients could appeal the judge 's order .
Carlson 's opinion said that jurors had allowed sympathy for the families to outweigh hard evidence presented during the trial . Cabot had hoped the judge would throw out the case altogether .
`` Although the court agrees with Cabot that the evidence presented in support of the plaintiffs ' claims was spare ... does not agree that Cabot has demonstrated that it is entitled to have a judgment entered in the company 's favor , '' Carlson wrote .
Stephen Dillard , lead counsel for Cabot , said the company would abide by the judge 's order and begin mediation .
Dimock gained notoriety following the 2010 documentary `` Gasland '' by Josh Fox which showed local residents lighting their tap water on fire because of the high amount of methane it contained .
Cabot and the U.S. gas industry have long held that fracking and drilling were safe and not responsible for water contamination .
Carlson said in his ruling that Lewis ' courtroom behavior may have prejudiced the jury , saying the lawyer presented the case she wished she had instead of one that abided by his pre-trial rulings excluding certain evidence and witnesses .
`` The court was highly critical of me , '' Lewis said in an e-mail on Monday . `` At Cabot 's request , the court excluded critical , relevant evidence , inextricably linked to the facts and claims in this civil matter . ''
( Editing by Scott Malone and Andrew Hay )
NEW YORK — Rep. Joe Wilson ( R-SC ) , who led the official House delegation that attended the U.S. Embassy opening in Jerusalem , confirmed that he personally invited Democrats to join the official Congressional trip to Israel for the May 14th ceremony .
Speaking to Breitbart News , Wilson stated categorically that there is “ no question ” that Democratic Congressmen were invited by his office to travel with the delegation for the event . Wilson said he made it a point try to put together a bipartisan delegation to attend the Jerusalem embassy opening .
In the end , not a single currently serving Democratic lawmaker went to the inauguration of the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem . Democrats were also a no-show for an Israeli embassy celebratory event in Washington several hours after the U.S. Embassy opening ceremony in Israel .
A letter from Democratic members of the House Foreign Affairs Committee was addressed to President Donald Trump 's Ambassador to Israel , David Friedman , complaining that they received “ no invitation from the White House to participate in the official delegation to visit Jerusalem for this moment of historic occasion . ”
The Democrats were responding to an interview with the Axios website last week in which Friedman said he “ was very concerned that no Democrats showed up . ”
However , according to Wilson , the Democratic authors of the letter are being disingenuous as Friedman was not involved in organizing the official Congressional delegation .
As the organizer of that delegation , Wilson explained that his office invited Democrats as well as Republicans .
Wilson described personally calling several Democratic Congressmen himself and says he was told by each one that they could not attend . “ One indicated a wedding and unable to attend , ” said Wilson . “ And then another indicated a graduation and unable to attend . And then another that I spoke to personally indicated that it was Mother 's Day , and so it was a conflict . ”
Wilson further said his chief of staff , Jonathan Day , extended invitations to more Democratic and Republican Congressmen .
In his Axios interview , Friedman himself explained that he did not organize any of the official delegations and that he wanted Democrats to attend .
“ We would have been delighted to host as many Democratic congressmen and senators as would have come , ” Friedman said :
The invitation was open to all , or I should actually say we made it clear that everybody was welcome . We did n't specifically invite anyone . The Republican congressmen and senators who came did not come on the basis of a specific invitation . They reached out and they came . I would have been more than happy to host Democratic leaders and I hope they come in the future . From my perspective , American support for Israel needs to be bipartisan and I am going to do everything I can to support visits from legislators — blue or red .
Aaron Klein is Breitbart 's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , “ Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @ AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook .
April 12 Patterson-UTIEnergy Inc
* Patterson-UTI Energy -mainard gael , stockholder of sse , filed putative class action challenging disclosures in connection with deal , against SSE , SSE 's board
* Patterson-UTI Energy Inc - related complaint alleges that sse 's board of directors breached its fiduciary duties
* Patterson-UTI Energy Inc - alleged omissions generally relate to certain financial projections - SEC filing
* Patterson-UTI- complaint alleges board failed to disclose in joint proxy statement/prospectus filed in relation with deal certain allegedly material information
* Patterson-UTI Energy Inc - mainard gael filed the putative class action on April 7 , 2017 - sec filing
* Patterson-UTI- omissions relate to fact that Douglas Wall , member of SSE board , previously served as president , CEO of Patterson-UTI as recent as 2012 Source text : ( bit.ly/2p7kybJ ) Further company coverage :
Presley Gerber has made a name for himself in the modeling world following his runway debut in 2016 , and now the 18-year-old will become a part of pop culture history as one of the many famous faces featured in Pepsi 's 2018 Super Bowl LII commercial .
Gerber appears in the 30-second spot with none other than his supermodel mom , Cindy Crawford , who 's iconic debut Pepsi commercial hit airways in 1992 — seven years before Gerber was born . While Crawford 's son ( and daughter Kaia ! ) had a cameo as a toddler ( see his adorable debut , below ! ) in a Pepsi commercial years later , Gerber is thrilled for the opportunity to work alongside his mom again .
“ I am really excited to be in [ Pepsi 's ] commercial with my mom , especially since her commercial from back in the day is so iconic . I feel like now I get to hop in there with her , which is really cool , ” Gerber told PeopleStyle at the beverage brand 's Pepsi Generations Live Pop-Up Museum in Minneapolis , where the Super Bowl will be held .
The best part about the duo 's collaboration ? Commuting to work together , says Gerber . “ We literally drove from our house to work together , then drove home together . But we 're a really tight family , so it was just like going to work with one of your friends . It was so fun , and easy . ”
And while Gerber is stoked to be in Minneapolis to celebrate being the newest member of the Pepsi family , he reveals the Crawford-Gerber household has a pretty awesome Super Bowl tradition of its own .
Frazer Harrison/Getty Images
“ [ Our Super Bowl Sunday ] usually has to do with some spicy chicken wings , a barbecue and the game near the beach at our house in Malibu . That 's usually what we do , ” he says .
Not only is the “ This Is Pepsi ” commercial bringing the mother and son together on-screen , the ad also features the brand 's throwback moments with legends Jeff Gordon , Michael Jackson , Britney Spears , and more .
As Gerber looks around a room chock-full of exhibits paying homage to these milestones , the model says he feels honored to be a part of Pepsi history . “ It 's pretty insane ! I am really excited . ”
The ad , which will air during Sunday 's epic face-off between the Philadelphia Eagles and New England Patriots , kicks off the brand 's year-long Pepsi Generations , which will include Live Pop-Up Exhibits around the U.S .
In the meantime , check out Pepsi 's and other Super Bowl ads ahead of the big game .
WILDCATS 5 MOOSEHEADS 1
MONCTON , N.B . — Anderson MacDonald opened the scoring in the first 1:19 of play with a power-play goal and the Wildcats built an early 5-0 lead to beat Halifax .
Dylan Seitz had the eventual winner for Moncton ( 22-21-8 ) , while Nicholas Welsh , Jakob Pelletier and Daniil Miromanov also scored .
Brett Crossley was the lone scorer for the Mooseheads ( 32-12-6 ) .
Moncton 's Gabriel Sylvestre was given a match penalty for checking to the head at 14:19 of the third period .
-- -
TITAN 7 SCREAMING EAGLES 2
SYDNEY , N.S . — Mitchell Balmas and Olivier Galipeau had two goals apiece as Acadie-Bathurst beat Cape Breton .
Felix-Antoine Drolet , Noah Dobson and Samuel L'Italien rounded out the attack for the Titan ( 29-13-8 ) .
Peyton Hoyt and Brooklyn Kalmikov scored for the Screaming Eagles ( 22-22-6 ) .
-- -
ISLANDERS 5 SEA DOGS 2
SAINT JOHN , N.B . — Daniel Hardie had a pair of goals as Charlottetown beat the Sea Dogs .
Sullivan Sparkes had the eventual winner for the Islanders ( 28-18-3 ) at 19:27 of the first period . Thomas Casey and Nikita Alexandrov also scored for Charlottetown .
Ostap Safin and Luke Wilson replied for the Sea Dogs ( 12-29-9 .
-- -
TIGRES 5 CATARACTES 2
SHAWINIGAN , Que . — Chase Harwell 's short-handed goal in the second period was the eventual winner as Victoriaville downed the Cataractes .
Edouard Ouellet , Felix Lauzon , Ivan Kosorenkov and Dominic Cormier chipped in as well for the Tigres ( 26-18-6 ) .
Leon Denny and Alex Plamondon scored for Shawinigan ( 14-32-3 )
-- -
HUSKIES 4 FOREURS 1
VAL-D'OR , Que . — Patrik Hrehorcak had the third-period winner as Rouyn-Noranda topped Val-d'Or .
Justin Bergeron , Tommy Beaudoin and Peter Abbandonato rounded out the attack for the Huskies ( 30-12-8 ) .
Julien Tessier scored for the Foreurs ( 18-27-4 ) .
-- -
ARMADA 5 VOLTIGEURS 4
BOISBRIAND , Que . — Drake Batherson had a hat trick , including the short-handed winner , as the Armada edged Drummondville .
Joel Teasdale and Remy Anglehart also scored for the Armada ( 36-9-4 ) .
Nicolas Guay struck twice for the Voltigeurs ( 34-14-2 ) , while Robert Lynch and Connor Bramwell chipped in as well .
-- -
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application .
By The Canadian Press
Violence against women services are waiting with bated breath to see who will win this election . Despite the pressing need for continued and expanded investments in sexual assault services , access to legal supports , shelters and access to reproductive health , gender equity has not been centred in either of the first two debates .
May has been a sobering reminder that women are not safe in this province .
On May 24 , Elisabeth Salm , a 59-year-old librarian at the Christian Science Reading Room in Ottawa , was beaten and sexually assaulted in her workplace . She died a day later in the hospital .
Earlier , Timmins police released the identities of the four people killed in a car fire last month . They were Tammy Gagnon , 34 , Cole Gagnon , 16 and Brandi Gagnon , 14 . Found close by outside the car was Joey Gagnon , 37 . Police said all along that this was a `` tragic violent event , '' that was `` isolated '' and that there was `` no remaining threat to the public . '' These words are code for domestic violence homicide .
Since January , approximately 19 women and their families that we know of have been murdered , and men close to them have been charged .
It was not until the third debate this past Sunday that gender equity and sexual violence were raised . There was an opportunity for each leader to highlight their actions , but instead of answering the question , the man who would be premier focused on memes . In addition , in all three debates he has made demeaning remarks , such as `` I like to let them go at it '' when referring to women leaders and has commented on Wynne 's `` nice smile . ''
These dismissive comments and the inability to answer a direct question about how he will address sexual violence within his party , as well as gender equity in the province , are extremely worrisome . We need a premier who will point out what they will do to keep women safe and make our communities better places for everyone to thrive .
Ontario Thrive sent a short survey to every candidate asking for their commitment to gender equity . Every major party but one — the Progressive Conservatives — has answered the questionnaire .
We know that with economic security , women are less likely to become trapped in abusive relationships . Economic safety is built on safe workplaces , affordable child care , safe transit and a livable minimum wage .
School curriculum that addresses body autonomy , self-esteem , gender-based violence and sexual and gender diversity will lead to young people understanding the meaning of consent and that violence — physical , sexual or emotional — is never OK .
( Reuters Health ) - Women who have been sexually assaulted in the U.S. often bear some costs for testing and other medical treatment when they report the rape to authorities , according to a new study .
Victims with private insurance pay on average $ 950 , or 14 percent , of the cost of medical services , and the insurance providers pay about $ 5,789 , researchers found .
“ With other violent crimes , victims are not responsible for paying for the damage that results from the crime , ” lead author Ashley Tennessee told Reuters Health . “ Many people know sexual assault is an issue , but they 're often unaware that victims have to pay for associated medical charges , ” said Tennessee , of the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston .
In 2013 , insurance providers and victims paid more than $ 9 million for medical services related to sexual assault , the study authors write in the American Journal of Public Health . The average cost was $ 6,737 per case .
The Violence Against Women Act , passed in 1994 and reauthorized in 2013 , requires states to pay for sexual assault forensic exams , known as “ rape kits. ” However , hospital billing procedures often include more services than those associated with the rape kit alone , and forensic costs also vary by state .
Tennessee and colleagues looked at hospital billing records for privately insured women in the U.S. who were victims of rape in 2013 . They identified 1,355 assaults , with 98 percent of victims not admitted to the hospital . The 32 patients who were admitted to the hospital paid an average of $ 788 for their inpatient stay . The others paid an average of $ 316 for outpatient costs .
Of the group , about 7 percent filled a prescription for pain medication , antibiotics , HIV prevention drugs , emergency contraceptives or sleep or anxiety medication . These 214 victims spent an average of $ 48 to fill prescriptions .
Overall , about 88 percent of the 1,355 victims incurred charges on the day they visited the hospital , and 27 percent paid more than 25 percent of those costs . About 7 percent paid more than 50 percent of the cost . After visiting the hospital , about 63 percent of the patients incurred more charges up to a month after the incident , including prescriptions , further medical care and mental health services .
“ This financial burden adds to the emotional burden of sexual assault , ” Tennessee said . “ This is an area that society has missed , and we have a moral right to help victims . ”
A limitation of the study is that the data did n't include men or LGBTQ victims of sexual assault . It also does n't account for publicly insured victims or homeless women who may face a greater risk for assault due to environmental and social factors related to poverty , the authors note .
“ Follow-up studies must look at the prevalence in these groups , ” Tennessee said . “ We want victims to know they 're not alone in this journey and recovery process , and that includes studying and informing all groups about their access to funding resources . ”
“ We encourage all victims of sexual assault to get a medical exam following the incident . Anything that is a barrier to ensuring victims are physically OK is bad for them and the community , ” said Scott Berkowitz , president and founder of the Rape , Abuse and Incest National Network ( RAINN ) in Washington , D.C. told Reuters Health .
“ Congressional attention has been focused on making sure victims are n't charged for the rape kit and forensic evidence , and there has n't been as much attention paid to making sure they are n't charged for the other medical costs that result , ” he told Reuters Health by email .
Tennessee and Berkowitz suggest emergency room personnel and hospital workers inform victims about charity funds that hospitals and states offer to reimburse those out-of-pocket costs . The Violence Against Women Act will be reauthorized next year , and RAINN and other sexual assault groups are urging lawmakers to update the funding definitions and mechanisms to cover additional costs .
“ There are still too many barriers for victims and too many ways we discourage them from coming forward and reporting to police , ” Berkowitz said . “ Receiving a rape kit exam at a hospital is an important first step in reporting incidents to police . ”
SOURCE : bit.ly/2oricDJ American Journal of Public Health , online April 20 , 2017 .
April is Canine Fitness Month .
It may sound silly , but pet obesity is serious business . Many dogs struggle with weight issues , which can lead to other health problems .
To help fight fat and break down bulge , PEOPLE Pet Vet Dr. Evan Antin has come up with some easy-to-follow tips .
Ca n't get enough of cats , dogs and other furry friends ? Click here to get the cutest pet news and photos delivered directly to your inbox .
Success in helping your pudgy pooch slim down lies in diet and exercise , just like humans .
It 's important to know the correct portions to feed your pet and to make sure they are getting plenty of walks .
Watch the newest episode of Paws & Claws on PeopleTV . Go to PeopleTV.com , or download the PeopleTV app on your favorite mobile or connected TV device .
Find out more ways to help your pet stay healthy by watching the clip above .
WILLIAMSBURG , Va. — Tramaine Isabell scored 23 points , grabbed eight rebounds and dished out eight assists to help Drexel slip past William & Mary for a 91-79 win Saturday .
Drexel ( 11-14 , 5-7 Colonial Athletic Association ) trailed most of the game but stayed close , overtaking William & Mary for good on Alihan Demir 's layup with 3:44 remaining to go up 72-71 . The Dragons then scored 11 of the next 13 points and hung on .
Kurk Lee added 22 points for Drexel , which got 20 assists on its 32 baskets and finished with 62 per cent shooting , including 11 for 22 from long range . Sammy Mojica and Lee finished with 12 points apiece and Austin Williams had 10 as the Dragons extended their win streak to four .
William & Mary ( 15-8 , 8-4 ) entered the game tied for first with Charleston atop the conference standings . David Cohn led the Tribe with 26 points , including 10 for 10 shooting at the free throw line , and nine assists . Justin Pierce added 15 points , Matt Milon had 12 and Nathan Knight 11 .
( Repeats column sent on Friday , no change to text )
By Andy Home
LONDON , April 21 Is aluminium the new steel for China 's policy-makers ?
The country 's steel producers are already being subjected to a host of measures intended to weed out excess capacity .
A wholesale restructuring of the enormous steel sector is a key component of the country 's declared war on pollution .
It also provides some negotiating leeway for China when it comes to dealing with the growing international pressure to rein in exports .
China 's aluminium producers , which like their steel counterparts now dominate global supply , seem to be next in line for `` supply-side reform '' .
Threats to close capacity in the region around Beijing over the winter heating months had already propelled aluminium prices higher .
They have just been given a further boost by news that Beijing has ordered the suspension of new capacity in the northwestern province of Xinjiang . Further measures seem certain to follow .
The country 's aluminium output growth is already showing signs of braking sharply , although , as ever , statistical confusion may simply be adding to the general confusion as to what Beijing 's real aluminium policy goals are .
XINJIANG AND BEYOND
Beijing 's plan to force capacity reductions in the area around the capital city next winter had already lit a fire underneath the aluminium price .
Sceptics argue that the size of the likely cuts will be dwarfed by the continuing roll-out of new capacity , particularly in the far-flung northwestern province of Xinjiang .
That calculation has now just been thrown into question after three Xinjiang smelter projects were ordered suspended last weekend .
Xinjiang has emerged as the new hub of both Chinese and global aluminium capacity with more than seven million tonnes of operating production and a seemingly endless supply of new smelter projects .
Work on three of those has been ordered to stop because they have not been correctly permitted .
The order , posted on the government website of Changji County in Xinjiang and dated April 14 , specifically identifies smelter projects being built by Xinjiang East Hope Ferrous Metals Co. Ltd. , Xinjiang Qiya Energy Aluminium Electric Co. Ltd. and Xinjiang Jiarun Resources Co. Ltd .
The amount of capacity affected is thought to be around two million tonnes .
Quite why these three projects have been singled out , and , unusually in such cases , specifically named , continues to cause head-scratching both within China and without .
The best bet is to send a warning shot across the bows of other producers .
According to consultancy AZ China , another policy document is doing the rounds calling for all the country 's smelters to submit to audits covering the full spectrum of permitting and regulatory compliance .
Previous attempts to clean up the sector after years of unbridled growth have come and gone without any noticeable impact but this time Beijing seems serious with multiple government departments involved .
AZ China 's preliminary view is that capacity closures will take place towards the end of the year .
STALLING PRODUCTION ?
China 's current production rate , meanwhile , seems to be slowing sharply .
The country produced 2.71 million tonnes of aluminium in March and 8.19 million tonnes in the first quarter of this year .
Quarterly production was up 14 percent on the same period of 2016 but growth in March itself slumped to just 3.3 percent .
The year-on-year comparisons are distorted by last year 's low and volatile base .
Expressed in annualised terms Chinese run-rates have dropped by almost 2.2 million tonnes so far this year with March 's 31.9 million tonnes the lowest since July of last year .
It 's a counter-intuitive outcome . The current high price might have been expected to encourage faster production rates , particularly from those companies now facing potential capacity cuts from the start of the winter heating season in the middle of November .
It is , of course , possible , that the statistics themselves are wrong . There have been enough problems in the past to justify a healthy degree of caution , but it 's worth noting that the two sets of official production data , from the National Bureau of Statistics and the China Nonferrous Metals Industry Association , are saying the same thing .
THE NEW STEEL ?
Statistical uncertainty is compounding the uncertainty over Chinese aluminium policy .
Although aluminium is now the best performer among the core base metals traded on the London Metal Exchange , up 15 percent so far this year at a current $ 1,945 per tonne , there is still a deep-seated scepticism that Beijing is serious about closing capacity .
After all , recent aluminium history is littered with restraining edicts from Beijing , none of which has prevented the runaway growth of its production sector .
Is it going to be any different this time ?
Two things suggest it might be .
Environmental crackdown has risen to the top of the domestic policy agenda and aluminium smelters , as seen in the winter heating directive , are clearly in the firing line , not least because they are a major user of coal power .
Secondly , as with steel , `` supply-side reform '' is being given extra impetus by the proliferation of trade cases against Chinese exports .
Although it is President Trump currently grabbing the protectionist headlines , it was the outgoing Obama administration that filed a broad-reaching case against the Chinese aluminium sector with the World Trade Organization .
China has , unsurprisingly , strongly denied it has subsidised its aluminium producers , the base of the WTO complaint , and can be expected to defend itself rigorously .
But it will be easier to do so , if it can claim to be actively curtailing excess capacity .
This seems to be the policy in steel and , given the similarities between China 's role in global supply in both markets , it must offer Beijing a tempting template for aluminium .
Not least because the Trump administration has just raised the trade stakes further with a new probe into steel imports in the U.S .
How long before it does the same for aluminium imports ? ( Editing by Elaine Hardcastle )
COLOMBO , April 12 The Sri Lankan rupee ended weaker on Wednesday as importer dollar demand and dividend payments outpaced mild inward remittances ahead of the new year holidays , dealers said .
Rupee forwards were active , with two-week forwards ending at 153.50/60 per dollar , compared with Tuesday 's close of 153.30/45 .
`` There was demand ( for dollar ) from a foreign bank and we have seen some demand from small banks as well . But conversions are very less than most of the companies are closed for the new year , '' said a currency dealer , who requested anonymity .
Sri Lanka will celebrate its traditional new year this week and markets will be closed on Thursday and Friday .
The rupee has been under pressure due to increased seasonal imports ahead of the new year , although dealers expect the pressure to ease with seasonal inward remittances .
Outflows due to rupee bond sales by foreign investors have also been putting pressure on the currency .
Foreign investors net bought government securities worth 259.5 million rupees ( $ 1.71 million ) in the week ended April 5 . However , they net sold 63.9 billion rupees worth of such instruments so far this year .
( $ 1 = 151.6000 Sri Lankan rupees ) ( Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez ; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips )
RIO DE JANEIRO For some in Brazil , the decision by a Supreme Court judge to place many top politicians under investigation for suspected corruption , including leading contenders in next year 's presidential race , clears the way for a new era in politics .
The sweeping probe ordered by Justice Luiz Edson Fachin encompassed all the likely presidential candidates from Brazil 's main political parties , including left-leaning former President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva who is leading in the polls .
`` A chance for a clean start , '' O Globo , an influential Rio de Janeiro daily , said on Wednesday 's front page .
But many familiar with the workings of Brazil 's multiparty system and its sluggish courts said the investigation may bring little beyond more instability - especially if an untested maverick step in to fill the political void .
`` It 's good we have institutions that are battling corruption but this opens up a gaping leadership vacuum that for now creates further instability , '' said Rafael Cortez , a political scientist at Tendencias , a consultancy in São Paulo .
The massive investigation that opened three years ago into kickbacks at the state run oil company Petrobras has already shaken Brazil 's political establishment . It contributed to the impeachment of leftist President Dilma Rousseff last year , and has dogged the new government of President Michel Temer .
Yet the investigation ordered by Fachin on Tuesday , based on plea bargain testimony by employees of engineering company Odebrecht , marked a major escalation of the political fallout .
Eight government ministers and 12 state governors were swept up in the probe , as well as dozens of sitting lawmakers - including the speakers of both houses of Congress - and four former presidents .
After emptying out Tuesday afternoon when the probes were announced , Congress remained largely vacant on Wednesday as nervous lawmakers weighed the repercussions .
SKEPTICAL OF CHANGE
The investigations were welcomed by many citizens in a country wearied by daily reports of corruption and in dire need of political progress to revive an economy saddled by two years of recession .
`` I would like to see new leadership , a new electoral option , '' said Jurandir Ferreira dos Santos , 32 , an administrative assistant in São Paulo .
Like many Brazilians , he was skeptical about the political class ' ability to change . `` We are seeing no one emerging in Congress to provide leadership , no new parties capable of offering us an option we can believe in . ''
On a practical level , the popular mood may force major political parties to rethink the political calculus behind the various possible candidates .
The centre-right Brazilian Social Democratic Party ( PSDB ) saw two of its possible choices , senators Aécio Neves and José Serra , named in Fachin 's probe . A third possible PSDB contender , São Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmin , was referred by Fachin for investigation by a lower court .
Some politicians portrayed the investigations as a welcome chance to clear their names . Neves , who lost the 2014 election to Rousseff , said in a statement it would now be possible to `` unmask the lies and show the absolute propriety '' of his conduct .
With an antsy electorate , though , the uncertainty could open the door to newcomers casting themselves as agents of change .
PSDB members are already speculating whether João Doria , a wealthy businessman and upstart politician who surprised rivals by getting elected mayor of São Paulo last year , may be the party 's only untainted option .
There could also be an opportunity for brazen populists like Jair Bolsonaro , a renegade conservative who espouses a nationalist , law-and-order agenda and has stirred controversy with his views on gender and race .
`` You never know who might take advantage of the electoral mess , '' says Carlos Melo , a professor of politics at Insper , a São Paulo business school . `` An outsider might make the best president ever or maybe they 'd be the worst . ''
( Reporting by Paulo Prada in Rio de Janeiro ; Additional reporting by Ricardo Brito in Brasilia and Laís Martins in São Paulo ; Editing by Daniel Flynn and Tom Brown )
RENO COUNTY – The suspect in a February 4 , stabbing in a vehicle in Hutchinson 's Carey Park was in court Tuesday to hear the formal reading of charges .
Elijah B. Norris , 28 , is now charged with aggravated battery- domestic violence , possession of marijuana with intent to distribute and possession of drug paraphernalia .
The victim who had been stabbed multiple times in the head and was bleeding profusely when police arrived was first taken to Hutchinson Regional Medical Center , then transported to Via-Christi St. Francis Regional Medical Center for treatment which included stitches for the five wounds she suffered . There were two children in the vehicle , ages one and three . They were safe and unharmed .
Police located Norris and EMS transported him to Hutchinson Regional Medical Center for a laceration to his hand believed to have occurred during the attack .
Officers also found a bloody kitchen knife as well as several small plastic baggies of suspected marijuana believed to be connected to the case . One had blood on it . The total weight being over 25 grams according to the complaint .
Norris has served time in prison for aggravated battery , possession of drugs and burglary and his case now moves to a future waiver-status docket . He remains jailed on a $ 50,000 Bond .
We for as long as I can remember voted for a president who we thought would do the best for the country and for some one who had good ideas on how they would help the nation as a whole . Until 2012 now we here everyone not concerned whit the republica hopefull for what he stands for not because his way to lead us will help or even correct some of our nations problems only that he might have a chance to beat our curent president . Our presant man leading now took on the health care and medical needs for us all he took on the credit card companies and the moragage companies just to address a few of his attempts to make it a better place for us all to live . If anyone should be our next leader we should all stand behind him support him and through the likes of Banner and any other person in office who is willing to play political games for three years stopping any and all bills regardless on how badly they were needed to help our nation rebuild just to try to derail a president due to his parts name . Last I herd we were all Americans and we all hold together reguarlessour differances . What ever happen to the old saying `` one for all and all for one '' These people who have some of the most to gain from America getting back to work are the ones who have been making a come back almost impossible . Hurting more than 99 % of us only so they can put back in power the same people who ran our country into the ground 4 years ago
TORONTO — Ontario 's newly elected Progressive Conservative government has halted changes to sports and concert ticket price legislation that would have capped resale values for events across the province .
A spokesman for the Tories confirmed today that the law passed by the previous Liberal government to address escalating ticket prices will not immediately move ahead .
The Tories say the law attempted to put a cap on ticket resale prices but had no mechanisms to enforce the measure .
The new government , which was officially sworn on last Friday , says it will review the section of the consumer protection law that deals with ticket resale .
LONDON , March 29 Britain is still willing to walk away from the European Union with no Brexit deal , a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday .
While May was addressing parliament after triggering formal divorce talks with the EU , her spokesman told reporters there could be varying timetables for different areas in the talks when asked why she referred to implementation periods in her letter to European Council President Donald Tusk . ( Reporting by Kylie MacLellan , writing by Elizabeth Piper , editing by Estelle Shirbon )
DUBAI , April 2 Stock markets in the Gulf will likely start the second quarter on Sunday on a weak footing , after crude oil prices traded within a narrow range and global shares fell on profit taking .
Brent futures settled at $ 52.83 on Friday , losing around 7 percent in the first quarter , the largest quarterly loss since late 2015 .
World stocks as measured by the MSCI world equity index closed down 0.4 percent on Friday , after gaining 6.4 percent in the quarter . The MSCI emerging markets index dropped 1.1 percent on Friday but still had an 11.1 percent increase in the quarter .
The first quarter performance was a mixed bag for Gulf oil-exporting countries .
Kuwait 's index outperformed its regional peers by a very large margin , up 22 percent for the period , while Dubai and Saudi Arabia 's benchmarks were down 1.4 percent and 2.9 percent , respectively .
A Dubai-based trader said upcoming first quarter results `` might shake things up '' for the market in April , after weak performances and low trading volume last month .
Shares of Saudi real-estate developer Jabal Omar may find some buying interest after the company said that one of its Mecca hotels started operations .
Saudi Industrial Investment Group may fall after the company said its Saudi Chevron Phillips project would undergo 35 days of maintenance from April 1 . The financial impact will be reflected in the second quarter results .
On Sunday , ordinary shares of the new combined entity between First Gulf Bank and National Bank of Abu Dhabi will commence trading under the name NBAD . Shares of First Gulf Bank have been delisted . The merger was done by way of a share swap .
The new bank said in a statement that 5.64 billion new NBAD shares have been issued to those shareholders of FGB that appeared on the share registry immediately before Thursday . ( Reporting by Celine Aswad ; Editing by Randy Fabi )
Scroll for more content ...
President Donald Trump says a GOP memo declassified on Friday `` totally vindicates '' him in the Russia probe .
In a Saturday morning tweet , Trump denied any collusion or obstruction and called the investigation `` an American disgrace . ''
`` This memo totally vindicates 'Trump ' in probe , '' Trump tweeted Saturday morning . `` But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction ( the word now used because , after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING , collusion is dead ) . This is an American disgrace ! ''
On Friday , Trump approved the public release of a memo spearheaded by GOP House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance authority .
The highly controversial memo alleges that then-Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe told the House Intelligence Committee that no surveillance warrant would have been sought for a Trump campaign aide without a disputed opposition research dossier on Trump and Russia . The memo is the most explicit Republican effort yet to discredit the FBI 's investigation into Trump and Russia , alleging that the investigation was infused with an anti-Trump bias under the Obama administration and supported with political opposition research .
The memo tries to connect what Republicans believe was a flawed application to monitor former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page to the overall counterintelligence investigation into potential collusion between Russians and the Republican campaign .
But the memo undermines its own argument about the application being overly reliant on the dossier . It notes that the application also included information regarding Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos , suggesting there was intelligence beyond the dossier in the Page application .
A former senior national security official told CNN that the President 's tweet on Saturday shows he acted for `` personal purposes . ''
`` As a public servant I was taught to never take official action for personal gain . That is exactly what our president has done , '' the former official said . `` He personally ordered the declassification of the memo , not for political purposes , but for personal purposes . The proof of that is his claim that he has now been 'vindicated ' by the memo . In my view this conflict of interest is the real story . Not the memo itself , which does n't contain much we did n't already know . ''
The FBI issued a rare public warning on Wednesday that the GOP memo omits key information that could impact its veracity . Democrats , meanwhile , have slammed the memo as an inaccurate and misleading portrait intended to undermine Mueller 's probe and disputed what the memo concluded about McCabe 's testimony on the dossier as the basis for a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant .
There are currently several investigations into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia , but Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion with Russia in its efforts to influence the 2016 election .
A 29-year-old Nigerian migrant drug dealer has been arrested by police in the Italian commune of Pollenza after being accused of killing an 18-year-old girl and chopping her into pieces .
The Nigerian , identified as 29-year-old Innocent Oseghale , was arrested earlier this week by Italian Carabinieri after the body of 18-year-old Pamela Mastropietro was found dismembered and dumped on a street with parts of her body stuffed in suitcases , Il Giornale reports .
The Carabinieri in nearby Macerata were able to identify the Nigerian in connection with the murder after examining CCTV footage from the area .
Investigators say that the 18-year-old had been living at a drug addiction recovery centre since October but had suddenly left the centre last Monday . Using a variety of sources , from CCTV footage to witness testimony , they were able to determine that the 29-year-old drug dealer was the last person to see the young woman alive .
Forensic investigators from Rome were dispatched to the residence of the migrant , who was living in Italy on an expired visa . They were able to find clothes belonging to the victim , some of which were soaked with blood .
Italy : Mafia and Migrant Gangs Running Heroin and Prostitution Rings Together https : //t.co/MCBNbdbvyS — Breitbart London ( @ BreitbartLondon ) June 28 , 2017
The case of Pamela Mastropietro bears some similarity to the case of American nanny Lauren M. who was murdered by a Gambian migrant in the Austrian capital of Vienna in early 2016 . The young girl was killed after allowing the young asylum seeker to stay at her apartment in order to escape deportation .
The murder is just the latest in a series of murders by asylum seekers and illegal migrants following the 2015 migrant crisis . One of the most notorious cases occurred in Germany in 2016 , when student Maria Ladenburger was raped and killed by “ child ” asylum seeker Hussein Khavari , who later admitted to being an adult .
WATCH : German Women Launch Campaign Highlighting Increased Violence Against Women as a Result of Mass Migration https : //t.co/hPKn7fQ3BN — Breitbart London ( @ BreitbartLondon ) February 1 , 2018
Earlier this week a group of German women launched a new movement to give women who have become victims of crimes as a result of mass migration policies a voice .
The # 120dB movement , named after the noise intensity of rape alarms , has promised to rally women together and confront politicians and others who have championed mass migration policies .
April 3 Guangdong Shirongzhaoye Co Ltd :
* Sees to swing to net profit at 6 million yuan to 10 million yuan in Q1 FY 2017 versus net loss at 34.7 million yuan year ago
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/hESKpz
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
March 30 Sysage Technology Co Ltd :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T $ 1.5 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To use undistributed profit to distribute stock dividend worth T $ 0.5 for every one share
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/ZXDHsm
Further company coverage :
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/ZXDHsm
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
The White House is planning to withdraw its nominee to head the Council on Environmental Quality , according to The Washington Post .
Scroll for more content ...
Kathleen Hartnett White 's nomination failed to gather momentum , and some Senate Republicans were questioning her expertise , the Post reported , citing two administration officials briefed on the matter .
CNN 's KFile reported Hartnett White , who would have overseen environmental and energy policies across the government , had described the belief in `` global warming '' as a `` kind of paganism '' for `` secular elites '' during a September 2016 interview on `` The Right Perspective , '' an online conservative radio show .
She has also said the goal of climate activists and the United Nations was an all-powerful , one-world government and `` planetary management , '' KFile reported .
President Donald Trump announced Hartnett White 's nomination in October and re-submitted her nomination to the Senate in January . Senators challenged her statements about climate change , which go against the scientific consensus that man-made greenhouse gases are the primary driver of rising temperatures , during her confirmation hearing in November .
When Oregon Democrat Jeff Merkley pressed her on her past comments at the confirmation hearing , Hartnett White responded , `` I believe those words , senator , with all due respect , have been taken out of context . ''
`` Well , they 're words directly from your writings , '' Merkley responded .
Merkley noted that there are multiple quotes from White `` calling environmentalists Marxist , and those who are concerned about climate change as pagans . ''
`` I think I submitted about 100 pages of either commentaries or research studies that I have done . In that entire corpus there may be some mistakes , '' White responded .
White did not immediately respond to questions from CNN asking which quotes she believed were taken out of context .
White has a long history of questioning established science on climate change and once dismissed the idea that carbon dioxide is a pollutant and calling it `` the gas of life on this planet '' -- comments that drew criticism from environmentalists who opposed her nomination .
0 Young boy stops traffic to help elderly stranger up the stairs
MILLEDGEVILLE , Ga. -
A young boy 's random act of kindness in Milledgeville , Georgia , will bring a smile to your face .
WSBTV viewer Riley Duncan sent a video showing the 8-year-old helping an elderly woman up the stairs .
Duncan said he did n't know the story when he pulled out his camera , but he saw the boy stop traffic , hop out of his car and help the woman -- and he thought it was a moment that deserved to be shared .
He later learned the boy 's name -- Maurice Adams Jr .
> > Read more trending news
Maurice was in the car with his mom and sister leaving high school graduation when they saw the woman crossing the road .
His mother , Contricia Hill , said that they began talking about the woman , who was crossing the busy road alone , and her son spoke up .
`` He asked , 'Can I go out there and help her up the steps ? ' '' Hill said .
And that 's exactly what he did . He held the stranger 's arm as she slowly took each stair . At the top , she gave him a hug and the two went on their way .
HIll said she did n't know anyone was filming the moment , but seeing her son 's act of kindness on the internet makes her proud .
> > Need something to lift your spirits ? Read more uplifting news
`` It 's touching . It 's very touching , '' she said . `` ( It just shows ) respect and raising your kids right goes a long way . ''
She said they still do n't know who the woman is , but said that the stranger had a short message for Maurice when they reached the top of the steps .
`` She told him that he 's special , '' Hill said .
We could n't agree more .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
The true heirs of Ireland 's folk heritage , The High Kings are internationally acclaimed singers and instrumentalists with a unique brand of high-octane balladry and folk that has won them numerous accolades . Touring in support of their 10th anniversary album , Decade : The Best of The High Kings ( November 2017 ) , their live shows are the stuff of legend around the world and have been enjoyed by millions .
CAPA presents The High Kings at the Lincoln Theatre ( 769 E. Long St. ) on Friday , March 16 , at 8 pm . Tickets are $ 35 at the CAPA Ticket Center ( 39 E. State St. ) , all Ticketmaster outlets , and www.ticketmaster.com . To purchase tickets by phone , please call ( 614 ) 469-0939 or ( 800 ) 745-3000 .
Almost 10 years ago , four Irish singers , performers , and songwriters decided to take a calculated risk . Finbarr Clancy , Brian Dunphy , Martin Furey , and Darren Holden each had a wealth of history in the music business , but knew that in order to maintain any level of creative interest they would have to boldly go where no other Irish ballad group had gone before .
Within months , the four had clicked as a creative unit as well as friends . The self-titled debut album , released in 2008 , reached an impressive number two on Billboard 's World Music chart . However , it was during The High Kings second US tour in 2011 ( having graduated from playing small venues to larger halls as they promoted their follow-up album , Memory Lane , which also crashed into Billboard 's World Music chart ) , that everyone involved realised the fanbase was growing into something that no one had predicted .
Subsequently , the group 's tour of Ireland sold out within hours . The High Kings had achieved what many thought impossible—they were moving the Irish ballad tradition into the here and now , carrying along with them the steadfast older fans while simultaneously bringing it to a new audience .
In 2013 , The High Kings stepped out of the shadows with their third studio album , Friends for Life , taking the original song writing route and showcasing their own songwriting talents .
The development of original songwriting – ballad-style but with contemporary touches – from each member of The High Kings continues apace , but balance must be maintained . To a degree , expectations have to be met while still moving specific creative elements forward , which is why the group 's fourth studio album , Grace & Glory , took them back to the essentials that kick-started their career in the first place .
To say The High Kings are charting a new course for Irish ballad music – equal parts rousing and reflective , energetic and insightful – is an understatement . They are essentially marking out a bright , new era for Irish folk music , and aiming to bring a broad demographic along . The High Kings have vowed to continue for another decade following the departure of Martin Furey in August 2017 . Their first ‘ Best Of ' collection , Decade : The Best of The High Kings , was globally released on November 3 , 2017 , and they kicked off an 18-month world tour in December 2017 .
www.TheHighKings.com
CALENDAR LISTING
CAPA presents THE HIGH KINGS
Friday , March 16 , 8 pm
Lincoln Theatre ( 769 E. Long St . )
The true heirs of Ireland 's folk heritage , The High Kings are internationally acclaimed singers and instrumentalists with a unique brand of high-octane balladry and folk that has won them numerous accolades . Touring in support of their 10th anniversary album , Decade : The Best of The High Kings ( November 2017 ) , their live shows are the stuff of legend around the world and have been enjoyed by millions . Tickets are $ 35 at the CAPA Ticket Center ( 39 E. State St. ) , all Ticketmaster outlets , and www.ticketmaster.com . To purchase tickets by phone , please call ( 614 ) 469-0939 or ( 800 ) 745-3000. www.capa.com
Support for the Lincoln Theatre 's 2017-18 season is provided in part by the Greater Columbus Arts Council , the City of Columbus , Franklin County , Nationwide , and the Ohio Arts Council to encourage economic growth , educational excellence , and cultural enrichment for all Ohioans .
About the Lincoln Theatre
First opened in 1928 , the Lincoln Theatre is a landmark in African-American and jazz history . After undergoing a $ 13.5 million renovation funded by a partnership of public and private support , the Lincoln reopened in May 2009 as a multi-use , state-of-the-art performing arts and education center serving the diversity of the Columbus and central Ohio community . The Lincoln is a bustling hub of activity 365 days a year hosting performances , rehearsals , and classes in the performing arts , as well as a wide variety of community events such as film festivals , meetings , and receptions .
The Ohio Arts Council helped fund CAPA 's 2017-18 season with state tax dollars to encourage economic growth , education excellence , and cultural enrichment for all Ohioans . CAPA also appreciates the generous support of The National Endowment for the Arts , the Martha G. Staub and Willis H. Liggett Funds of The Columbus Foundation , and the Greater Columbus Arts Council .
About CAPA
Owner/operator of downtown Columbus ' magnificent historic theatres ( Ohio Theatre , Palace Theatre , Southern Theatre ) and manager of the Riffe Center Theatre Complex , Lincoln Theatre , Drexel Theatre ( Bexley , OH ) , Jeanne B. McCoy Community Center for the Arts ( New Albany , OH ) , and the Shubert Theater ( New Haven , CT ) , CAPA is a non-profit , award-winning presenter of national and international performing arts and entertainment . For more information , visit www.capa.com .
L to R : Darren Holden , Finbarr Clancy , Brian Dunphy , George Murphy http : //www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/02/web1_TheHighKings_credit_Klinsman.jpg L to R : Darren Holden , Finbarr Clancy , Brian Dunphy , George Murphy
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Bentley Capital Ltd :
* SEEKS TRADING HALT PENDING ANNOUNCEMENT ‍INVESTMENT AND DEVELOPMENT OPERATIONS OF CO ‘ S UNIT DEVISD PTY LIMITED​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
January 2 , 2017
by The Canadian Press
MONTREAL—The Berlin-based rail division of Bombardier Inc. has signed a framework agreement with Austrian Federal Railways that could cover up to 300 trains worth up to US $ 1.9 billion .
The initial order includes 21 Talent 3 electric trains with a list price of US $ 156 million .
Bombardier did n't disclose the actual amount that Austrian Federal Railways will pay for the trains , but said deliveries are scheduled to begin in 2019 .
The Montreal-based company said the Talent 3 trains have 50 per cent more seating capacity compared with the previous generation .
The first trains will link rural and urban areas of Austria 's Vorarlberg region with neighbouring countries .
Local News > Archive > February 2017 > 15
< < `` Optimist club refurbishes used and donated computers for kids '' - `` WCC adds career coach program '' > >
Senior Games moved up a month to April
By Becky Barclay
Published in News on February 15 , 2017 9:55 AM
The Wayne County Senior Games have been moved up a month this year . Instead of taking place in May , the games will be held in April .
There is a $ 10 registration fee , which includes an opening day cookout , participation in all events , a fall social and an awards lunch . Participants also receive a free T-Shirt .
To be eligible , you must be 50 or older and have been a resident of Wayne County for three months .
`` You do not have to be a member of the senior center to participate , '' said senior games ambassador Jeanne Lovings .
Age categories are 50 to 54 , 55 to 59 , 60 to 64 , 65 to 69 , 70 to 74 , 75 to 79 , 80 to 84 , 85 to 89 , 90 to 94 and 94 and older .
This year 's categories include , Silver Striders , fun walk , cornhole , shuffleboard , horseshoes , tennis , golf , croquet , billiard and basketball shoot . Also , bowling , swimming , racquetball , table tennis , track , pickleball , cycling , softball throw , football throw and silver arts , which includes heritage arts , visual arts , literary arts and performing arts .
`` If you 're not an active person in sports , we have what we call the silver arts , '' Ms. Lovings said . `` If you like to write stories or poems , you can enter that . If you paint , do ceramics or any of that sort of stuff , you can enter that . It will all be displayed at the Arts Council of Wayne County April 18 through 30 .
`` If you 're not into that , we have the performing arts , which is held at the Paramount Theatre . If you are somebody who loves to perform , register for that category . ''
The deadline for registering for the 2017 senior games is March 1 . Registration forms are available at Herman Park Center , the Family Y , Peggy Seegars Senior Center , senior center in Mount Olive , Arts Council and Wayne County Public Library .
Registration for the senior games ends March 1 .
Standing before a sea of graduates , Lea Michele had not one , but two high school graduations to look back on as she delivered the commencement address at Uplift Peak Preparatory in Dallas , Texas , this week .
“ I sort of reminisced on my actual high school reunion , which was in Tenafly , New Jersey , as well as my television graduation , which was on Glee , ” the 31-year-old tells PEOPLE .
And she is n't kidding : She remembers her 2004 ceremony in impressive detail .
“ I remember what I wore : I had a lavender miniskirt with a matching lavender top and these adorable little silver strappy sandals with butterflies on the side , ” she says . “ And I remember it was raining so we had to do it indoors , so it was terribly muggy and I remember I was worried that my naturally curly hair was going to take over and look terrible in all of my photos . ”
She continues , “ Sitting in our auditorium in our high school , I remember such a sense of relief . I graduated with a 3.67 GPA , I was accepted into NYU . I 'd worked so hard to get to this place while also simultaneously working on Broadway from the third grade through my senior year . So the fact that I managed to accomplish all of that , I really felt truly proud of myself and the strongest sense of relief ever on my graduation day . ”
Michael Simon/Startraks Photo
As for what advice she 'd give herself on that day , Michele says she 'd urge herself to just “ keep doing what you 're doing. ” But for the graduates at Uplift Peak Prep , Michele also made sure to honor the students ' parents as part of a collaboration with Whirlpool 's Congrats , Parents campaign .
Thankfully , they were on board : the 77 students , all of whom were accepted into college , decorated their caps with signs of appreciation for their parents .
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
“ What I really want to get across in my speech is obviously congratulating all these students , but also really taking a moment to acknowledge all of the work that their parents have done , ” Michele explains . “ I do n't think that a lot of kids realize all of the work that their parents are doing behind the scenes : loads of laundry , all of the dishes , cooking the meals . It 's incredible — there 's something like 8,000 loads of laundry that a parent will do for their child throughout the course of their education ! ”
Following her speech , Michele jumped right back into rehearsals for her 14-city tour with Darren Criss , which launches Wednesday in Nashville . ( See all the dates here . )
And then , of course , she 'll have a wedding to plan . Michele announced her engagement to AYR clothing company president Zandy Reich in late April .
But there needs to be a 'political transition in Syria ' , leading to a new constitution and elections , says President Erdoğan 's spokesperson
Published 11:31 PM , February 03 , 2018
ISTANBUL , Turkey – Turkey on Saturday , February 3 , said that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should leave office `` at some point '' in the future but denied there was any kind of contact between Ankara and Damascus over ending the 7-year civil war .
Ankara has been a prime foe of Assad throughout the conflict but has occasionally softened its rhetoric in the last months as Turkey strengthened cooperation with the regime 's main ally Russia .
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan 's spokesperson , Ibrahim Kalin , told journalists in Istanbul , that Assad was not the leader to unite Syria and had lost legitimacy .
But Kalin said there needed to be a `` political transition in Syria '' , leading to a new constitution and elections .
`` It is not going to be easy but that 's the ultimate goal to reach and at some point Assad will have to go , '' he added .
`` Where exactly , at what point precisely ( Assad leaves ) , is something that will be answered as we go on , obviously , '' he said .
Kalin was speaking after Russia on Tuesday hosted a peace congress on Syria , with both Russian President Vladimir Putin and Erdoğan expressing `` satisfaction '' , according to the Kremlin .
Kalin said the Russian position has been `` not so much protecting Assad personally but protecting the state institutions , state apparatus and the Syrian army and the regime elements '' .
He said : `` They want to make sure that the state does n't collapse completely in Syria . ''
Turkey 's position on Assad has been under ever greater scrutiny since Ankara on January 20 began a cross-border operation with Syrian allied rebel forces against Kurdish militia based in the town of Afrin .
But Kalin denied any contact with Damascus `` at any level '' .
`` There is no communication , no relationship , direct ( or ) indirect . Nothing with the Syrian regime , at any level . I can say that categorically and very clearly , '' he said .
He also rejected the notion that there had been any agreement with Russia allowing the Afrin operation to go ahead in exchange for a deal over the rebel-held neighboring region of Idlib .
`` There 's no deal with Russia 'you give Idlib and take Afrin ' ... they are two separate operations , '' he said . – Rappler.com
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
A highly energized effort by the Democrats that has raised more than $ 8.9 million from around the country for thirty-year-old Jon Ossoff has caught the Republican leadership napping .
This puts the young Democrat within striking distance of the 50 percent plus one he needs to win the crowded Sixth Congressional District special election “ jungle primary ” in Georgia to replace Republican Tom Price , now Secretary of Health and Human Services , outright on Tuesday .
Five polls conducted between April 10 and April 15 give Ossoff between 41 percent and 45 percent of the vote , with the nearest of eleven Republican candidates , former Secretary of State Karen Handel , maxing out at 21 percent .
The Z Politics/Clout Research Poll conducted between April 14 and 15 has Ossoff in first place with 41 percent , followed by Republican Bob Gray at 17 percent in a distant second and Handel at 15 percent in third .
The Emerson College Poll conducted between April 13 and 15 has Ossoff in first place with 43 percent , followed by Handel in second at 17 percent and Gray in third at 15 percent .
“ If Ossoff is unable to obtain 50 % in the primary on Tuesday he will be forced into a run-off against the candidate who comes in second place . In a series of four hypothetical match-ups , Ossoff trails all his Republican opponents but by a range of 2 to 5 percentage points – all within the poll 's margin of error , ” the Emerson College Poll notes .
The WSB/Landmark Communications Poll conducted between April 12 and 13 has Ossoff in first place with 45 percent , followed by Handle in second at 17 percent and several others in single digits .
The Fox 5 Atlanta/Opinion Savvy Poll conducted on April 13 has Ossoff in first place with 42 percent , followed by Handel in second at 21 percent .
The Revily Poll conducted between April 10 and 12 has Ossoff in first place with 45 percent , followed by Handel in second at 17 percent and Gray in third at 16 percent .
The margin of error for the Revily poll is 4.5 percent , which at the top end would put Ossoff less than one percent beneath the majority he needs to avoid a runoff .
Most political experts expect Ossoff to fall just short of the majority he needs for an outright victory .
“ Jim Galloway , a longtime political columnist for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution , told me . . . that he would be ‘ mildly surprised , if Ossoff won outright on Tuesday , ” The New Yorker 's Charles Bethea reported on Monday .
Still , to have a Democratic candidate in a position where an outright victory on Tuesday would only “ mildly surprise ” a longtime local political columnist does not speak well for the efforts of the Republican leadership in securing this victory .
As he did in the special election in Kansas 's 4th Congressional District , which Republican Ron Estes won last week in a tighter contest than expected , President Trump weighed in on Monday , this time attacking the Democratic front runner , as NBC News reported :
On Twitter Monday , Trump criticized Jon Ossoff , who is leading a crowded field of candidates in the race to replace former Rep. Tom Price , who stepped down to become the president 's Secretary of Health and Human Services . “ The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal [ sic ] race tomorrow wants to protect criminals , allow illegal immigration and raise taxes ! ” Trump tweeted . Ossoff responded with a statement , “ While I 'm glad the President is interested in the race , he is misinformed . I 'm focused on bringing fresh leadership , accountability , and bipartisan problem-solving to Washington to cut wasteful spending and grow metro Atlanta 's economy into the Silicon Valley of the South . ”
On the Republican side , Handel and Bob Gray appear to now be neck and neck in the race to finish in second position tomorrow and earn the right to face Ossoff in a two-person June runoff , according to the most current poll , that done by Z Politics/Clout Research .
“ With less than 24 hours until Election Day , a new Z politics and Clout Research poll shows that Republicans may have a new front runner in the race to replace Tom Price , ” Z Politics reported .
According to the report , Democrat Jon Ossoff remains the strong favorite ahead of the election , holding on to 41 percent of voter support . Among Republicans , former Johns Creek Councilman Bob Gray now appears to be edging ahead of former Secretary of State Karen Handel . Gray took the lead with 17 percent voter favor , while Handel slightly dipped to 15 percent . Meanwhile , former State Senator Judson Hill is pulling 10 percent support , while former State Senator Dan Moody trails with 9 percent . Businessman David Abroms has 3 percent backing within the District , while former Trump Diversity Coalition leader Bruce Level has 1 percent of the vote . Former State Senator Ron Slotin , the only other prominent-ish Democrat in the running , pulled only 1 percent . While Gray 's numbers have moved ahead of Handel 's , Clout pollster Fritz Wenzel says voter turnout will be key to determining who makes it into a runoff against Jon Ossoff .
“ It is simply too close to call which of the Republicans will finish second and get into the runoff with Ossoff , ” Wenzel told Z Politics .
“ Bob Gray has increased by one point up to 17 % , while fellow Republican Karen Handel has decreased by a point , to 15 % , but the difference between them is statistically insignificant , ” he added .
The strategic error made by the Republican Party has been to fail to identify the threat posed by Ossoff soon enough and to place enough ads to counteract the huge amount of media messages he has purchased in television , radio , and direct mail to define himself positively for the voters .
“ Ossoff can afford to blanket local television in part thanks to the millions of dollars that have poured into his campaign from individual donors all over the country , ” the New Yorker reported :
Dozens of volunteers from outside the state have also come to Georgia to spread his message . Ossoff recently landed on the cover of New York magazine , which called him “ The Trump-Hate Weather Vane , ” and stories have also appeared in Time and The Atlantic . The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has put ads on Atlanta radio featuring the actor Samuel L. Jackson , a Morehouse alum . ( “ We have to channel the great vengeance and furious anger we have for this Administration into votes at the ballot box , ” Jackson says in the spot . ) Meanwhile , the actress Alyssa Milano , currently filming a project in Atlanta , drove Ossoff supporters to vote early during her downtime . The band Imagine Dragons has given the campaign permission to use one of its songs—its drummer , Daniel Platzman , was in Ossoff 's high-school class—though it has n't appeared in an ad yet
As for the Republican pushback , there has been some , but the question that will be answered by voters of the Sixth Congressional District tomorrow is this : is it too little too late ?
BEIJING , March 31 Activity in China 's steel industry expanded at a slower pace in March even as mills continued to ramp up output , sparking worries of oversupply in the world 's top producer of the metal , an industry survey showed on Friday .
A renaissance in China 's steel industry has been a major driver of the world 's second-largest economy in recent quarters , helping generate the strongest profit growth in years .
The Purchasing Managers ' Index ( PMI ) for the steel sector fell to 50.6 in March , down from February 's 51.4 but still above the 50-point mark that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis , according to data from China Federation of Logistics & Purchasing ( CFLP ) .
Since last year , cash-starved Chinese mills have boosted production to take advantage of rising metal prices and higher profit margins , but a reading on new orders slipped to 50.6 in March from 55.3 in the previous month , suggesting a sharp cooling in demand .
Steel prices were on track for a 4 percent fall in March , the first monthly drop since December , on worries that supply is outstripping demand .
Inventories of finished goods expanded for the first time in March after five months of decline , rising to 53 from 47.7 in February , its highest level since July 2015 .
But despite rising inventories , steel output quickened to a 10-month high in the month , up to 52 from 50.4 in February .
`` If inventories ca n't be digested quickly , steel factories will once again face relatively large destocking pressures , '' CFLP said in a release , adding that steel inventory by March 31 was 29.6 percent higher than the same time last year .
A months-long construction boom fuelled by a strong housing market and higher government infrastructure spending have spurred China 's demand for steel and other building materials .
But fresh government curbs to cool the heated property market in recent weeks are expected to dampen housing demand and drag on investment and industrial activity eventually .
More than a dozen Chinese cities have tightened restrictions on home purchases so far this month to deter speculation . ( Reporting by Yawen Chen and Josephine Mason ; Editing by Kim Coghill )
Harley-Davidson 's CEO Matthew Levatich has reportedly told lawmakers on Capitol Hill the only way the iconic American motorcycle company will stop outsourcing jobs to foreign countries is if President Trump drops his fair trade agenda .
In an interview with Politico , Sen. Ron Johnson ( R-WI ) revealed that he spoke to Levatich about the company 's recent announcement that they would be continuing to outsource their American manufacturing base to foreign countries .
Harley-Davidson executives have blamed Trump 's tariffs on imported steel and aluminum as the reason for their outsourcing of American jobs , but as Breitbart News reported , the company has been offshoring U.S. jobs for at least a year .
Johnson told Politico :
Across the border in Wisconsin , things are equally dire after Harley-Davidson , a titan of American manufacturing , announced that Trump 's tariffs are driving its production overseas . Sen. Ron Johnson ( R-Wis. ) has spoken to Harley-Davidson 's CEO about its plans and was told the move overseas is “ reversible ” — if Trump backs away in the coming weeks or is otherwise hamstrung by Congress . [ Emphasis added ] “ I 'm crossing my fingers hoping that will happen . I do n't see it happening anytime soon . Probably not soon enough for Harley to say : Now we have a stable system , ” Johnson said . “ Nobody wins a trade war. ” [ Emphasis added ]
In a rebuke of Harley-Davidson 's announcement that they would be sending American jobs overseas , Trump blasted the company , writing online that his administration was working with other American automobile and motorcycle companies on bringing jobs back to the U.S .
Harley-Davidson workers , as Breitbart News noted , have praised Trump for his tariffs and said they did not blame his fair trade agenda for their jobs likely moving overseas , but instead blamed the company 's executives .
`` If you really look at it… different countries that have been kind of burdening us with these unfair tariffs over the last decade and [ Trump ] is trying to correct the course now… '' one Harley-Davidson worker said.https : //t.co/C9Fa6tZhjS — John Binder 👽 ( @ JxhnBinder ) June 27 , 2018
In March , Harley-Davidson — which was saved by tariffs on imported motorcycles back in 1983 — slammed Trump 's tariffs on imported steel and aluminum just as they were laying off hundreds of American workers and moving their jobs to Thailand , as Breitbart News reported .
In January , Harley-Davidson announced that it would be closing its plant in Kansas City and moving leftover production to York , Pennsylvania . The decision to close the Kansas City plant will result in about 260 American manufacturing workers losing their jobs .
Last year , as Breitbart News reported , about 183 American workers were laid off by the motorcycle company in Kansas City and Menomonee Falls .
Massive trade deficits due to free trade have left the once-booming working and middle-class Rust Belt region crumbling , with a net total of about 700,000 U.S. jobs displaced , including :
( Adds background )
By Liana B. Baker and Olivia Oran
April 12 Morgan Stanley 's chief compliance officer Billy Fenrich is leaving the firm just over a year after being named to the position .
Fenrich will be replaced by Raul Yanes , according to an internal Morgan Stanley memo reviewed by Reuters , which was confirmed by a firm spokesman .
Fenrich is joining quantitative hedge fund AQR Capital Management as its chief legal officer , according to an AQR spokeswoman .
Yanes was most recently a litigation partner at the law firm Davis Polk & Wardwell and had also served in a number of senior positions under president George W. Bush , including staff secretary and assistant to the president and senior counselor to the attorney general .
Fenrich joined Morgan Stanley 's legal department in 2014 from hedge fund PointState Capital . He was named chief compliance officer in 2016 , replacing longtime compliance chief Stuart Breslow . He had also worked at Davis Polk .
Compliance officers have become critical figures on Wall Street since the financial crisis , helping to ensure that bankers and traders stay out of trouble and avoid massive fines . ( Reporting by Liana Baker and Olivia Oran in New York ; Editing by Tom Brown )
As many as 16 people have died in Quebec from complications related to the extended period of hot and humid weather hitting much of Eastern and Central Canada .
With the muggy temperatures expected to persist for at least another two days , authorities are urging people to be vigilant .
Montreal health officials say 11 people have died since the intense heat set in over the weekend , with health authorities in the Eastern Townships region east of Montreal attributing another four deaths to the sweltering temperatures . A fifth fatality may also have been caused by the heat , they said .
Dr. Melissa Genereux , head of public health in the Eastern Townships , told a news conference Wednesday the victims are all adults — either seniors or people suffering from chronic illness . The deaths were not concentrated in any specific municipality .
`` There are still two days left of particularly hot weather with particularly high humidex levels , '' Genereux said . `` We 're inviting the population to be vigilant for the next two days — for themselves as well as those close to them . ''
Officials across the province are advising people to drink plenty of water and check in on neighbours or relatives and get them to a place where air conditioning is available .
`` It could save a life , '' Genereux said .
Environment Canada says a heat warning remains in effect for an area spanning southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region , with above normal temperatures and humid conditions likely to stick around into Thursday .
In Montreal , police and firefighters continued to go door to door in areas identified as having people considered at high risk : those with chronic illness or mental-health problems , those who live alone and people without air conditioning at home .
Dr. Mylene Drouin , head of public health for the Montreal region , said the number of fatalities has risen since authorities first announced six deaths on Tuesday , but that the spike is not unexpected .
Toots Thielemans paying tribute to the great Thelonious Monk . Toots Thielemans , is a Belgian jazz musician well known for his guitar and harmonica playing as well as his whistling . Thielemans is credited as one of the greatest harmonica players of the 20th century .
`` They were a big test and we wanted to see how we 'd do against them , '' said McEneny . `` We knew it was going to be like a playoff atmosphere and we wanted it that way . Everyone came in excited and ready to go . Everyone was fired up for it . ''
Brandon Saigeon did all the damage for the visitors . His first put the 'Dogs up 1-0 about nine minutes into the game while his next two helped Hamilton tie things up in the second and third period .
Kitchener also got goals from Kole Sherwood , Logan Stanley and Garreffa while goalie Mario Culina turned aside 42 shots to remain perfect with the Rangers at 7-0 .
Centre Logan Brown picked up four helpers and now has at least three points in every game since coming to Kitchener in a trade with the Windsor Spitfires .
McKee slotted Garreffa , a natural forward , on the blue line to shake things up .
`` Joe was going a bit cold up front , '' said McKee . `` He 's a guy that we need to light a spark under to get him going . ''
The move worked as the third year player potted his eighth of the season to end a 14-game scoring slump dating back to Dec. 28 .
`` It was n't the greatest goal , '' said Garreffa . `` I went off a defenceman 's skate . ''
But it proved instrumental in the tight contest against the Canadian Hockey League 's seventh ranked club .
`` We want to show that we 're a top dog , '' said Garreffa , whose Rangers have now won seven consecutive games . `` The boys are finding our game . I think we have more to give . I think as a team we can take it to another level and it will be scary for other teams if we do . ''
Kitchener centre Greg Meireles continues to sit with a lower body injury while defencemen Jack York , Kyle Gentles and Alex Peterson were healthy scratches Friday .
Hamilton forward Robert Thomas was also out after receiving a five-game suspension for slashing Peterborough 's Zach Gallant Thursday while winger MacKenzie Entwistle was sidelined with an upper body injury .
The Rangers are off to Owen Sound to face the Attack Saturday at the Harry Lumley Bayshore Community Centre at 7:30 p.m. Kitchener is 4-2-1-0 against the Attack this season .
jbrown @ therecord.com , Twitter : @ BrownRecord
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Cardiac and pulmonary arrest are the most common causes of death among overseas Filipino workers ( OFWs ) in Dubai and the Northern Emirates
Published 9:29 AM , December 12 , 2017
DUBAI , UAE – Cardiac and pulmonary arrest and brain hemorrhage are the most common causes of death among overseas Filipino workers ( OFWs ) in Dubai and the Northern Emirates , records at the Philippine Consulate General 's Assistance to Nationals ( PCG-ATN ) section showed .
Data obtained from Vice Consul Marianne Bringas revealed there were 68 cases of cardiac or pulmonary arrest listed as cause of death from January to October this year – 44.15 % of the total 154 deaths for the same period .
Eleven Filipinos died of cardiac or pulmonary arrest in January , 6 in February , 4 in March , another 6 in April , 5 in May and 4 in June . There were 9 deaths due to cardio or pulmonary arrest in July , 10 in August , 3 in September and another 10 in October .
She said the records were based on death certificates submitted to PCG-ATN . “ Yan yung mga death certificates na dinadala sa amin dito , ” she said . “ Some of them , we arranged for shipping , ” Bringas added . ( Those are from the death certificates brought here . )
Brain hemorrhage
Brain hemorrhage , meantime , accounted for 30 of the deaths – or 19.48 % , with OFWs dying almost every month , ATN records also showed .
There was one OFW who died of brain hemorrhage in January , 3 in February , 6 in March , 7 in April , and 3 in May . Two OFWs died in July , another two in August , 4 in September and two in October .
Late last month , a former OFW who had returned to Dubai to look for a job died of brain hemorrage . 45-year-old Jose Arnold Aguilar of Cotabato was confined for 5 days at the Intensive Care Unit ( ICU ) of Rashid Hospital because of a stroke . Well-placed sources said he succumbed to 90 % bleeding of the brain .
As of writing , there were also 5 more comatose Filipinos at Rashid Hospital being “ stabilized ” by doctors . Invoking hospital-patient confidentiality protocol , Rashid Hospital did not divulge further information . But according to reliable sources , the patients have been there for the last few months . – Rappler.com
This story was republished with permission from The Filipino Times of the United Arab Emirates .
Team NZ boss Grant Dalton says making America 's Cup coverage accessible was a priority for the team - 'Wherever you are in the country , you 'll be able to watch it '
The America 's Cup holders are delighted Kiwis around the country will be able to watch defence in 2021 .
USA TodayUSA Today
On Saturday night , Queens of the Stone Age frontman Josh Homme kicked photographer Chelsea Lauren while “ in a state of being lost in performance . ”
On Sunday , Homme apologized on QOTSA 's social media accounts .
“ I do n't have any excuse or reason … I was a total d * * k … I 'm truly sorry , and I hope you 're okay. ” He continues , “ I 've made a lot of mistakes in my life , and last night was definitely one of them . ”
View the full apology below .
Prior to Homme 's apology , Lauren posted the following :
The target of the NDP government 's speculation tax are the people who are using our housing market as a stock market .
So says , the Nanaimo/North Cowichan MLA Doug Routley who says he has been getting an earful on the tax since it was introduced in the last provincial budget…… .
Routley says the target of the tax is people who are not paying taxes in B.C . and are leaving their homes here unoccupied .
He says he ca n't pre-judge how the finance minister is going to ensure the right target is captured in the tax .
Logos of ExxonMobil are seen in its booth at Gastech , the world 's biggest expo for the gas industry , in Chiba , Japan April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Toru Hanai
SINGAPORE ExxonMobil ( XOM.N ) said on Wednesday it is in talks to buy a refining-petrochemical complex in Singapore that could boost its fuel and chemical production in Asia .
`` We can confirm that we are currently negotiating with the receiver for Jurong Aromatics Corporation Pte Ltd to acquire JAC 's assets on Jurong Island , '' an ExxonMobil spokeswoman said .
`` While progress is being made , no agreement has been reached yet , '' she said .
The U.S. oil company is the frontrunner to buy JAC which went into receivership in September 2015 , Thomson Reuters publication Project Finance International reported on Tuesday .
Borelli Walsh had been appointed the receivers and managers of JAC by lender BNP Paribas . Lotte Chemical Corp ( 011170.KS ) said in March that it had dropped out of the race to buy JAC .
Costing $ 2.4 billion , JAC 's condensate splitter and petrochemical units started operations in Asia in 2014 to produce paraxylene , a raw material for textiles and bottles , to meet China 's demand .
Singapore is already ExxonMobil 's biggest paraxylene production base in the world at 1 million tonnes per year ( tpy ) , according to its 2016 annual report . The proposed JAC acquisition will boost ExxonMobil 's paraxylene capacity to 1.8 million tpy and add another 2.5 million tpy of oil products output .
JAC 's debt problems mounted amid the global commodities rout and it stopped operations at the end of 2014 to fix a technical issue . The plant was restarted in July 2016 under tolling agreements with BP ( BP.L ) and Glencore ( GLEN.L ) .
Once the deal is inked , ExxonMobil could take over the purchase of condensate for JAC from July , trade sources said .
( Reporting by Florence Tan and Seng Li Peng in SINGAPORE , and Jane Chung in SEOUL ; Editing by Christian Schmollinger )
OAKLAND , Calif. — Kevin Durant had 28 points , nine rebounds , five assists and three blocked shots , leading the short-handed Golden State Warriors past the sluggish Portland Trail Blazers 111-104 on Monday night .
Klay Thompson overcame a cold shooting start to score 24 points as Golden State played without two-time MVP Stephen Curry , who is nursing a sprained right ankle and missed his third straight game . Draymond Green sat out with a sore right shoulder while starting centre Zaza Pachulia was sidelined for his second game in a row because of soreness in his left shoulder .
Damian Lilliard scored a season-high 39 points with five 3-pointers playing back home in Oakland . He hit a 3-pointer late in the first half with Durant in his face and pumped his arm to celebrate .
Durant , who earned Western Conference Player of the Week honours on Monday , shot 11 for 21 and Nick Young contributed 12 points in 13 minutes off the bench before leaving with a concussion in the third quarter .
David West scored in double figures over consecutive games for the first time with the Warriors and his first since 2015-16 for San Antonio .
Rookie Jordan Bell scored in double figures for the second time with 11 points , while Omri Casspi and Shaun Livingston also started for the defending champions , who were coming off a 6-0 road trip . It marked the franchise 's first time doing so in that long of a stretch away from home .
Now , the Warriors will get to stay home for almost the entire rest of the year except for a trip to face the Lakers on Dec. 18 .
CJ McCollum scored 21 points and Zach Collins added season-bests of nine points and seven rebounds before fouling out of Portland 's fifth straight loss . This marked the first meeting of the season between the West rivals after Golden State took all four games last regular season and then swept the Blazers in the first round of the playoffs .
The Warriors have won the last seven regular-season meetings and also seven in a row at home .
After missing his first four 3-point tries , Thompson hit from deep in the final 30 seconds of the first half as the Warriors led 59-47 at the break .
Blinn College , The Blinn Foundation , And The Texas A & M System Celebrate Its Partnership
Blinn College and Blinn 's Foundation hosted more than two hundred guests in Bryan Thursday at an event to celebrate the community college 's partnership with the Texas A & M system .
System Chancellor John Sharp brought up a relationship approaching nearly 50 years , as Blinn prepares to open its first building on the system 's RELLIS campus next fall .
Onion Schwartz was Blinn 's president when an agreement was made with former A & M president and system chancellor Earl Rudder . Schwartz 's son Charles , who is chairman of the A & M system board of regents , remembered his lifelong friend Walt Schoenvogel of Brenham , who chaired the Blinn Foundation board until his unexpected death six weeks ago .
The Blinn Foundation recognized Schoenvogel and Sharp with new endowed scholarships in their names .
Click below for remarks from Charles Schwartz and John Sharp .
News release from Blinn College :
The Blinn College Foundation welcomed 230 guests to celebrate Blinn College 's partnerships with The Texas A & M University System and Brazos County at Miramont Country Club Thursday afternoon , where Texas A & M University System Chancellor John Sharp and late Blinn College Foundation Board Chairman Walt Schoenvogel were recognized with endowed scholarships in their honor .
“ Today was about celebrating the incredible partnerships with the Texas A & M System and Brazos County that continue to make Blinn College such a special institution , ” said Dr. Mary Hensley , Chancellor of the Blinn College District . “ As we prepare to welcome a new facility at the RELLIS Campus , their friendship and support are the cornerstone for a bright new legacy of student success and community pride . ”
Said Blinn Foundation Board Chairman Sam Sommer , “ This event provided a wonderful opportunity for Brazos County , the Texas A & M System , and Blinn College to celebrate the unique partnerships that make this community and these incredible institutions such remarkable leaders within the State of Texas . ”
The Blinn College District has longstanding partnerships with both Brazos County and the Texas A & M System . Blinn has provided educational services in Brazos County since 1970 , when Allen Academy closed its junior college divisions . After consulting with Texas A & M University President Earl Rudder and the superintendents of the Bryan and College Station school districts , Blinn began offering night classes at Allen Academy and A & M Consolidated High School , enrolling 236 students .
Blinn offered courses at the Kraft Building in Bryan , the Woodstone Shopping Center in College Station , and the Townshire Shopping Center in Bryan before moving to its current Bryan Campus on the corner of Villa Maria Road and East 29th Street , where it now enrolls approximately 12,000 students . In 2012 , Blinn moved its health sciences programs to the Texas A & M Health Science Center , where Blinn nursing , emergency medical services , fire science , health information technology , physical therapist assistant , radiologic technology , and surgical technology students gain hands-on experience at Blinn 's 26,000-square-foot Simulation Center .
Blinn announced last year that it was partnering with the Texas A & M University System at the RELLIS Campus , a new educational community combining a major university system and a community college at a single physical location .
In May 2016 , Chancellor Sharp announced plans to create a new research and technology development campus to help companies move ideas from the laboratory to the marketplace , while also offering a new path toward a college degree . Located near State Highway 47 and Highway 21 , the RELLIS Campus establishes a new educational community combining a major university system and a community college at a single physical location . Blinn 's 83,000-square-foot academic facility will serve as many as 2,500 students completing their freshman- and sophomore-level courses in preparation for upper-level courses at the Texas A & M System universities that will be located at the RELLIS Campus by 2020 .
Blinn College and Texas A & M University have a proud history of developing innovative partnerships . Since 2001 , the Texas A & M-Blinn TEAM ( Transfer Enrollment at A & M ) Program has served as the nation 's model for a collaborative , co-enrollment partnership between a major university and a community college . The TEAM Program has allowed thousands of additional qualified students to earn their degree from Texas A & M while enjoying the benefits of enrollment at both institutions , and in 2014 the program received the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board 's coveted Star Award as one of the top educational initiatives in Texas .
Texas A & M and Blinn built upon the TEAM Program 's success with the Texas A & M Engineering Academy at Blinn-Bryan and the Texas A & M Engineering Academy at Blinn-Brenham , offering students additional pathways to pursue an engineering degree from Texas A & M and helping to meet the nationwide demand for highly skilled engineering graduates .
For more information regarding Blinn 's role at the RELLIS Campus , visit www.blinn.edu/RELLIS .
The Blinn College Foundation supports programs and activities that enhance the quality of education for Blinn College students and expand the educational opportunities for the entire community . While raising funds is an important function , the Foundation also seeks to heighten community awareness of the mission and accomplishments of the College and to promote excellence in education . To learn more about the Foundation , visit : https : //foundation.blinn.edu .
During Monday 's Juneau Assembly meeting , Deputy Mayor Jerry Nankervis shared this photo he took of his vehicle , saying it had been vandalized last month during the Assembly 's debate over a resolution supporting the Juneau Access Project .
He had city staff project it on a screen .
“ I was parked downtown for this . I had my Assembly parking permit in the window of my vehicle and this is what I found on my vehicle when I left , ” Nankervis told fellow Assembly members . “ As you can see , I had a sticker and I got a sticker that was modified . I 'm not sure who felt it was appropriate to vandalize my vehicle , but the vandalism was consistent with the tone set at the meeting . ”
The former police captain said he was disappointed by the act and suspects critics of the proposed road . He said it reminded him of vandalism that appeared to be politically motivated during last year 's U.S. presidential campaign .
He summed up , “ We should be able to politely and civilly agree to disagree at times . ”
Hear Nankervis ' full remarks ( 1:15 ) : http : //s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/ktoo/2017/02/170214-Nankervis-speech.mp3
Speech to Text for Sullivan Truck into Office
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video .
in sullivan county . that 's according to indiana state police . officers responded to a one vehicle crash on u.s. 41 north today . police say that 's where a truck was moving along fine ... when it suddenly left the roadway and crashed into a building . a wooden post went through the truck and hit the driver 's leg . emergency crews took the driver to the hospital . no one else was hurt . police say a medical issue could have caused the accident . today the wabash valley is honoring the
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
Javier Bardem and Penelope Cruz are giving another look at Pablo Escobar 's infamous life — and PEOPLE has an exclusive first look !
The married couple star as Escobar and Virginia Vallejo , a real-life journalist who ends up falling in love with the leader of Colombia 's largest drug cartel in the '80s . The movie is based on the 2007 memoir Loving Pablo , Hating Escobar written by Vallejo in which she details her affair with the drug dealer .
Loving Pablo Universal Pictures Home Entertainment
In the scene , Escobar is seen falling for Vallejo , who admits to being a married woman . That factor does n't deter him .
Sporting Escobar 's infamous mustache , Bardem looks eerily like Colombia 's most infamous drug dealer . As the big-haired Vallejo , Cruz 's character slowly realizes what she got herself into over the course of the thriller . The journalist becomes complicit in his schemes and eventually draws his fury when they end their affair .
Bardem and Cruz star together on screen for the first time since getting married in 2010 and welcoming two kids — Leo , 7 , and Luna , 4 . The two previously worked together on 1992 's Jamon , Jamon and 2008 's Vicky Cristina Barcelona .
The movie first made its debut at the 2017 Cannes Film Festival before making its way to the 2017 Toronto Film Festival in September . The movie follows the worldwide success of Narcos , a Netflix show all about Escobar 's life told from the perspective of the DEA agents tasked with catching him .
Loving Pablo is in theaters and On Demand / Digital HD June 15 .
CTV Atlantic
Over 100 people gathered to remember the life of a well-known Halifax man who was struck and killed by an alleged impaired driver .
Family and friends who attended the funeral service Saturday afternoon , said Wray Hart was a kind hearted man and someone who cared about others .
“ The way I always put it… it was never goodbye , it was always ‘ hello , ' ” said Hart 's son , Anthony . “ It would be until the day I close my eyes . ”
“ I 'm sure Wray will be somewhat outstanded and wondering what this fuss was all about , ” said pastor Rev . Ralph Yarn . “ This is a time for family , friends and acquaintances to rejoice for the life of a good man , to remember him with honour . ”
Hart , 62 , died after a 23-year-old man drove into building and damaged a utility pole at 1079 Queen Street a week ago .
Hart was a fixture in the city 's downtown . He was often seen pushing a shopping cart piled high with recyclables near Queen Street and Spring Garden Road .
There has been an outpouring of support for Hart . Nearly $ 9,000 was raised through a GoFundMe campaign for Hart 's funeral arrangements , and to help his long-time bottle partner .
CHICAGO — The first-ever bitcoin future jumped after it began trading Sunday as the increasingly popular virtual currency made its debut on a major U.S. exchange .
The futures contract that expires in January surged more than $ 3,000 to $ 18,580 eight hours after trading launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange . The contract opened at $ 15,000 , according to data from the CBOE .
The CBOE futures do n't involve actual bitcoin . They 're securities that will track the price of bitcoin on Gemini , one of the larger bitcoin exchanges .
The start of trading at 5 p.m. CST overwhelmed the CBOE website . `` Due to heavy traffic on our website , visitors to www.cboe.com may find that it is performing slower than usual and may at times be temporarily unavailable , '' the exchange said in a statement . But it said the trading in the futures had not been disrupted .
Another large futures exchange , the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , will start trading its own futures on Dec. 18 but will use a composite of several bitcoin prices across a handful of exchanges .
The price of a bitcoin has soared since beginning the year below $ 1,000 , hitting a peak of more than $ 16,858 Dec. 7 on the bitcoin exchange Coindesk . As of 1:15 a.m. CST , it was at $ 16,733.49 on Coindesk .
Futures are a type of contract in which a buyer and a seller agree on a price for a particular item to be delivered on a certain date in the future , hence the name . Futures are available for nearly every type of security but are most famously used in commodities such as wheat , soy , gold , oil , cocoa and , as dramatized in the Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroyd movie `` Trading Places , '' concentrated frozen orange juice .
The futures signal greater mainstream acceptance of bitcoin but also open up bitcoin to additional market forces . The futures will allow investors to bet that bitcoin 's price will go down — a practice known as shorting — which currently is very difficult to do .
There have been other attempts to bring bitcoin investing into the mainstream . Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss , twin brothers who own large amounts of bitcoin , tried to create an exchange-traded fund based on bitcoin , but federal regulators denied their application .
How much actual investor interest there will be in these bitcoin futures is still up in the air . Many larger Wall Street brokerages and clearinghouses , including Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase , are either not allowing customers to trade bitcoin futures or only allowing select clients to do so . Other brokerages are putting restrictions on the amount of margin a trader can use in bitcoin futures , or putting limits on the amount that can be purchased .
The national team coach offers an apology but also sends gratitude to those who backed Gilas amid criticisms
Published 3:44 PM , July 04 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – Gilas Pilipinas head coach Chot Reyes hopes the whole team will `` come out better and stronger '' as they move forward from the basketbrawl that tarnished their default loss to Australia last Monday , July 2 .
In an Instagram post , Reyes offered his apology to those who have been offended for what pundits claim as the the ugliest on-court melee in recent memory , but also thanked people who backed Gilas amid the criticisms .
`` Our prayer is that we come out better and stronger from this as we affirm that it is our honor to fight for our country 'til we ca n't fight anymore , with all our hearts , '' he wrote .
Reyes , Gilas players and national team deputy coach Jong Uichico , who also joined the fight , have been heavily criticized for their involvement in the bench-clearing skirmish .
Even Australia assistant coach Luc Longley slammed Reyes for inciting the Filipinos `` to come out and thugs us '' and letting Gilas players to take a selfie right after the brawl . ( READ : Australia coach blames Chot Reyes 'more than anybody ' )
But Reyes , who was caught on record telling his players to `` hit somebody , '' clarified that he just wanted his wards to foul early as the Aussies were beating them in transition plays .
`` The past few days have been extremely difficult for us at Gilas . Each player and coach who got involved in the incident has apologized , and as head coach , so have I , '' added Reyes . ( READ : Chot Reyes defends Gilas ' actions in brawl with Australia )
`` Again , to those we have offended , we are sorry . To those who have stood by us , we thank you from the bottom of our hearts . '' ( READ : Pogoy , Abueva break silence , apologize for FIBA brawl )
Gila awaits for potential sanctions and penalties as FIBA opens disciplinary proceedings against the Philippines and Australia . – Rappler.com
Crystal Palace have massively improved since the arrival of Roy Hodgson , but the threat of relegation is not over yet . The South London side will face another relegation-candidates Newcastle United at Selhurst Park on Sunday .
The Eagles , who managed a 1-1 draw at West Ham United on Tuesday , currently sit in the 13th spot with 26 points , only three points above the drop zone .
The Eagles have picked up some decent results at Selhurst Park this season – including a draw with Manchester City and a win over Chelsea . There is no doubt that Hodgson 's men will consider this game as an opportunity to add three more points to their total .
The Magpies come into this game on the back of a 1-1 home draw with Burnley . They find themselves just behind Palace in the 14th spot with 24 points .
They also remain in desperate need of points and Rafe Benitez will be encouraged by the fact that his side have won two of their last three away league games in the league . However , we do n't see them getting anything against an in-form Palace side on Sunday .
Earlier this season , the Magpies claimed a 1-0 win over Palace at St James Park .
Crystal Palace vs Newcastle United – Match Facts
The Eagles have won only one of their last five Premier League meetings with the Magpies . 1W 2D 2L
The Magpies have won only one of their last six league games .
The Eagles have lost only of their last nine league games at Selhurst Park .
Crystal Palace vs Newcastle United – Team News
Roy Hodgson will be without the services of Bakary Sakho , Connor Wickham , Scott Dann , Jason Puncheon , Jeffrey Schlupp and Ruben Loftus-Cheek .
The Magpies will be without Jesus Gamez and Florian Lejeune . New loan-signing Islam Slimani is also a doubt for this fixture .
Crystal Palace vs Newcastle United – Match Odds
The Eagles are favourites to win and they are available at their best odds of 21/20 at William Hill . We are backing a home win as our prediction in this fixture .
A draw is available at 5/2 odds at Betfair , and an away can get you 16/5 odds at Bet365 .
Crystal Palace vs Newcastle United – Correct Score Odds
A 1-1 draw is the most probable outcome in the betting market at the best odds of 6/1 at William Hill . However , we are going for a 2-1 Palace win as our prediction in this market . Our pick is priced at 17/2 odds at Bet365 .
Crystal Palace vs Newcastle United – Anytime Goalscorer Odds
Palace striker Christian Benteke , who was on target during midweek , is the favourite to score at his best odds of 2/1 at Paddypower . We are backing the Belgian striker as our prediction for this game .
For the home side , Wilfried Zaha is also a good option at 5/2 odds at the same bookmaker .
Magpies striker Dwight Gayle is favourite to score for them at 14/5 odds at Unibet .
Crystal Palace vs Newcastle United – Total Goals Over/Under Odds
We anticipate at least three goals in the game , and we are putting our money on over 2.5 goals in this market . This outcome is available at 6/5 odds at Betfair .
TORONTO — Ontario 's premier said she 'd welcome U.S. President Donald Trump 's education secretary to visit the province 's public schools if she chooses to reschedule a cancelled trip , even though she disagrees with some of Betsy DeVos ' positions .
Kathleen Wynne said Friday that she was looking forward to an opportunity to show DeVos a strong , publicly funded education system .
DeVos cancelled a planned visit for Thursday and Friday this week just one day in advance , citing `` scheduling issues , '' though the U.S. Department of Education noted the trip had merely been postponed .
The visit had caused some controversy in Ontario , where teachers ' unions expressed concerns over DeVos ' advocacy for school choice , including vouchers that allow kids to attend publicly funded but privately operated charter schools , or private schools on the public dime .
The NDP called on the government to not allow DeVos to tour schools in the province — a position Wynne said she does n't understand .
`` I do n't agree with the positions that Secretary DeVos has taken in the past , that 's true , but I think that 's all the more reason to have an opportunity to showcase what we do in our schools and how strong a publicly funded education system can be , '' Wynne said Friday .
`` So I honestly do n't understand why we would want to hide that under a bushel . I would think we 'd want to celebrate the success of our publicly funded education system . ''
DeVos has also attracted protests recently for revoking a guidance that instructed colleges on how to handle sexual assault cases , saying the previous policy was unfairly skewed against those accused of assault , and for the department of education rolling back rules allowing transgender students to use school restrooms of their choice .
Wynne has advocated for protections for LGBT Ontarians and her government launched a large campaign aimed at ending sexual harassment and violence .
Despite differences of opinion , Wynne said she would want to display Ontario 's education system .
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY , June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas , Europe and the Far East , the company said on Wednesday . The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers : DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - AMERICAS Maya crude
LONDON , April 28 ( IFR ) - Local and international companies were out in force in the sterling market , helping the sector continue its impressive run this quarter despite the Bank of England pulling the plug on its bond buying programme .
The sector has been on a tear since last summer , when in response to the vote to leave the European Union , the BoE said it would use its firepower to buy corporate paper from September 2016 .
Ahead of the central bank announcing the completion of its £10bn corporate bond purchase scheme ( CBPS ) - 11 months earlier than originally scheduled - there was some trepidation that the vibrancy of the market would be undermined .
But this week US consumer company Procter & Gamble raised £750m in its first sterling outing for 15 years , and UK utility Thames Water paid only a minimal premium for its second dual-tranche trade of 2017 , a £550m subordinated note carved into six and 10-year maturities . The deal attracted £1.4bn of demand .
Meanwhile the significant pipeline primed for next week 's business indicates that activity remains healthy .
`` The sterling market was fully functioning before the Bank of England introduced CBPS , '' said Marco Baldini , head of European bond syndicate at Barclays .
`` And it has remained well bid since the BoE 's CBPS completion announcement which itself was expected , and since the bank is not active in the sterling primary market , I would argue that the transmission mechanism between the sterling secondary market is in any case less direct . ''
DOUBTS RAISED
Nonetheless the BoE 's withdrawal and upcoming Brexit negotiations have prompted some to begin questioning sterling as a strategic market for international borrowers .
`` It 's a home-grown market and one that has provided issuers and investors with duration of up to 40 or 50-years , but we expect more credit spread widening , and therefore more international companies will lose the rationale for issuing , '' said one senior official at a US bank .
As the market anticipated an early end to the BoE programme , initially slated for March 2018 , spreads widened 4bp earlier in April . However , they have since recovered , with the iBoxx GBP non-financials index at Gilts plus 135bp at Thursday 's close , 6bp tighter than when the BoE announced its programme in August .
And the more prominent sterling houses argue that the UK market still has a lot to offer .
`` Clearly , there is some uncertainty around the Brexit negotiations , but we fully expect the sterling market to continue to offer attractive financing options to international borrowers as well as domestic , '' said Jonathan Peberdy , head of syndicate at NatWest Markets .
`` The sterling market has always proved resilient in times of adversity , it has a large and sophisticated community of investors and the UK will remain a large and important economy . ''
Sterling has typically been the go-to European market for borrowers and investors alike in need of duration .
Over the past three years 37 % of sterling corporate supply has been at 15-years or longer ; the equivalent figure in euros is 5 % , according to NatWest Markets .
`` It remains the local base for a range of UK corporates to raise money and enables issuers to raise very long term debt , as well as price more complex/esoteric structures , '' said Jonathan Platt , head of fixed income at Royal London Asset Management .
FLOODGATES OPEN
The central bank has so far bought £9.978bn of bonds as part of the scheme ( settled as of April 26 ) , and is expected to announce the final weekly purchase volumes next week .
That is equivalent to around half of the £20bn of sterling corporate investment-grade issuance seen since the programme was announced .
However , the removal of the BoE 's backstop bid is not expected to deter issuance in the near term , with spreads forecast to hold steady following a string of successful deals last week .
The pipeline includes global engineering group GKN Holdings , which will hold investor meetings next week for a 12 to 15-year benchmark deal .
In the high yield crossover space , insurer Saga plc , Ba1/BB+ ( Moody's/S & P ) , will meet investors in London and Edinburgh from May 2 for a debut , likely seven-year , benchmark .
The market can also expect to see some M & A supply from BAT as its acquisition of Reynolds draws closer .
BAT intends to refinance two bridge facilities and said it would sell a mix of debt in US dollars , sterling and other currencies , although investors expect most to be in dollars . ( Reporting By Laura Benitez , editing by Alex Chambers and Julian Baker )
WASHINGTON/BOSTON April 12 Bharat R. Ramamurti , a legislative aide for Democratic Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren , is a contender for one of the vacant commissioner jobs at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , according to people familiar with the matter .
Ramamurti currently serves as senior counsel to Warren on banking and economic policy , and Warren is staunchly backing him for the SEC job , one of the sources told Reuters .
The sources spoke anonymously because the deliberations over SEC candidates are non-public . ( Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch in Washington and Svea Herbst-Bayliss ; Editing by Chris Reese )
For the first time in two years online streaming giant , Netflix , has raised its monthly subscription prices for UK customers .
The monthly cost of a basic will remain at £5.99 , however , standard and premium membership prices are set to rise .
Standard membership will jump from £7.49 to £7.99 a month , and Premium membership set to rise from £8.99 to £9.99 for users .
New subscribers to Netflix will immediately pay the new rates whereas existing customers will see price increases from 19 October and be given 30 days notice of the change
New content for 2018
The online streaming service , which currently has 104 million subscribers globally , will also be raising rates for the US , France and Germany this year .
Netflix have released a statement regarding the price hikes :
“ From time to time , Netflix plans and pricing are adjusted as we add more exclusive TV shows and movies , introduce new product features and improve the overall Netflix experience to help members find something great to watch even faster . ”
Netflix is set to provide more original content in 2018 and already has a budget of $ 6 billion for new productions .
The new money generated from the subscription price rises is expected to contribute towards the production of new original content .
Dollar banknotes are seen in this picture illustration taken April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
BENGALURU The Chinese yuan and Indian rupee are expected to weaken against the dollar over the coming year , a Reuters poll found , with the greenback supported by U.S. interest rate hikes , though analysts have trimmed their bearish bets on Asian currencies from the previous poll .
While markets do not expect the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates at its policy meeting later on Wednesday , the central bank is tipped to lift rates twice more this year , with one likely as early as next month , which would be supportive of the dollar . [ ECILT/US ]
China 's yuan CNY=CFXS is up just around 0.7 percent so far this year , having lost nearly 7 percent in 2016 . In November , the yuan hit an eight-year low following Donald Trump 's shock election as U.S. President .
In the latest poll of 60 foreign exchange strategists , taken over the past week , the yuan , also known as the renminbi , is forecast to weaken to 7.07 against the dollar in a year from around 6.89 , where it was trading on Wednesday .
`` There will be moderate strengthening in the U.S. dollar , contributing to stability in the yuan and , by extension , other emerging market currencies , '' wrote Dirk Willer , EM strategist at Citi , in a note .
`` This is assumed to take place against the backdrop of moderately higher U.S. rates , consistent with our call for two more rate hikes from the Fed this year . ''
A separate Reuters poll showed investors reduced bullish bets on most Asian currencies . They fell to the lowest in a month for the Chinese yuan . [ ASIA/FXP ]
Still , the latest predictions show less conviction in the dollar strength story than was the case last month , with the latest poll medians for the yuan slightly higher than April 's poll .
While concerns remain over President Trump 's policies , especially on Beijing 's large trade surplus with the U.S. , the new administration has refrained from declaring China a currency manipulator despite campaign promises to do so .
Separately , the Indian rupee INR=IN is forecast to weaken to 66.23 per dollar in the year , a more than 3 percent fall from where it was trading recently at 64.22 .
The rupee has gained more than 5 percent against the dollar so far this year , reaching a 20-month high of 63.92 per dollar late last month .
The expected losses come despite the Reserve Bank of India having moved to a neutral stance earlier this year from an easing bias , although economists in a separate Reuters poll suggested the central bank 's next move will likely be a cut towards the end of the year .
( For other stories from the FX poll : )
( Polling by Shaloo Shrivastava and Khushboo Mittal ; Editing by Ross Finley and Sam Holmes )
Lisa Bloom , the 56-year-old daughter of feminist attorney Gloria Allred , also advertises herself as a woke feminist , a defender of women against the wicked patriarchy .
For example , the media-savvy Bloom was instrumental in the takedown of Fox News 's Bill O'Reilly . She has also represented one of Bill Cosby 's accusers and an accuser against President Trump ( O'Reilly , Cosby , and Trump all deny any wrongdoing ) .
advertisement
The leftwing Bloom also represented Kathy Griffin after the comedienne imploded her own career by holding up a fake model of Trump 's bloody , severed head .
This week , Bloom involved herself in yet another high-profile sexual misconduct case , this one involving Hollywood super-producer Harvey Weinstein . But this time Bloom is not representing any or even a single one of Weinstein 's alleged victims . This time she is representing Weinstein , the man who has reportedly settled eight sexual harassment complaints , who has been accused of groping Italian model Ambra Battilana , and who , according to the New York Times , has spent three decades sexually harassing countless women .
So what does Bloom have to say about all this ?
In a statement released Thursday , she claimed that she and Weinstein “ have had many wide-ranging conversations over the last year about rumors and allegations against him . He denies many of the accusations as patently false. ” After that clever admission that he does not deny all of the allegations , she adds , “ He is an old dinosaur learning new ways . ”
What Bloom did not include in her statement is the news that back in April , Harvey Weinstein agreed to produce a miniseries from Bloom 's non-fiction book about the Trayvon Martin case .
Additionally , unlike Trump and O'Reilly , Harvey Weinstein embraces the “ correct ” politics . He is a diehard leftist and bigtime fundraiser for all kinds of Democrats , including Bill and Hillary Clinton .
Those of us who remember Bill Clinton 's presidency have seen this all before , because when it comes to leftwing feminists , some victims of sexual misconduct are a lot more equal than others .
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @ NolteNC . Follow his Facebook Page here .
A high school bus driver has been arrested in Salinas , California , where he has been charged with multiple counts of rape against two special needs children who rode on his bus in the last ten years .
A statement from Salinas Police says an investigation into Bill Harvey , 58 , began late last month after a woman filed a harassment complaint against the bus driver .
Detectives learned he was a bus driver for the Salinas Union High School District . Harvey was detained in Seaside on March 9 .
“ The investigation revealed Harvey has been a bus driver for Special Needs children enrolled in the district for several years , ” the statement obtained by PEOPLE reads . “ Over the course of the last 10 years , Harvey has had an inappropriate relationship with at least two of the children who rode on his bus . ”
The statement alleges that “ Harvey bought gifts and met with at least one of the victims several times outside of his regular job duties . ”
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter .
The alleged victims are both physically and developmentally disabled , the release states .
The alleged victims described “ being touched inappropriately several times and forced to commit sexual acts against their will , ” reads the statement . “ The first sexual act occurred 8 years ago , when one victim was 13 years old . The acts have continued to occur as recent as late last year . ”
Harvey has been formally charged with rape of a person unable to give consent , rape by force or fear , lewd act upon a child , kidnapping , and stalking .
Harvey posted $ 730,000 bail for his release on Friday .
• For more compelling true crime coverage , follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard .
PEOPLE 's efforts to reach Harvey at home were unsuccessful Monday .
He has not entered pleas to the charges against him and it was unclear who his lawyer was .
Anyone with information about Harvey is asked to contact 831-758-7226 or leave information anonymously at 831-775-4222 or 800-78-CRIME .
Delaware Democrat Gov . John Carney has signed a measure that would codify abortion law and guarantee access to abortion on demand in the state in the event Roe v. Wade is overturned .
Both the Delaware Senate and House passed the legislation that amended the state 's current law making it illegal for abortions to be performed except in cases of incest , rape , and when the mother 's life is endangered . That law became unenforceable when the Supreme Court ruled to legalize abortion across the United States in 1973 .
The Delaware law also required all abortions to be performed within the first 20 weeks of pregnancy . As Delaware State News reports , however , if Roe v. Wade is struck down , the timeline for abortions in the state will be expanded :
The bill would allow abortions for any reason and would expand the timeline to let a doctor terminate a pregnancy any time before the fetus is “ viable , ” defined as “ the point in a pregnancy when , in a physician 's good faith medical judgment based on the factors of a patient 's case , there is a reasonable likelihood of the fetus 's sustained survival outside the uterus without the application of extraordinary medical measures. ” An abortion could be performed after viability in the event of potential harm to the mother or the fetus being unlikely to survive outside the womb .
During debate on the measure , Republican proposals to ban abortion after 20 weeks and to require 24-hour waiting periods prior to performing abortions – similar to what many other states have done – were dismissed by Democrats as unconstitutional , according to the news report .
The pro-life Susan B. Anthony List ( SBA List ) notes Delaware 's history of permitting unsafe abortionists to work within its borders – including convicted murderer Kermit Gosnell .
“ In 2013 ABC Philadelphia news reported that two former nurses at the Planned Parenthood of Delaware abortion facility quit their jobs , citing unsafe , unsanitary conditions , and ‘ a meat-market style of assembly-line abortions , ' the pro-life group observes .
In neighboring Pennsylvania , for example , the Wolf administration has shut down abortion clinic the Hillcrest Women 's Medical Center after the state 's Department of Health found “ serious deficiencies and violations ” across multiple inspections . However , the state – which allowed Gosnell to operate for decades without inspections – did not revoke Hillcrest 's license entirely . Instead , the Department of Health said it would “ suspend ” services “ until such time that it can demonstrate it is safe for women to receive care . ”
“ With a pro-life President in the White House and already one pro-life Justice nominated and confirmed , abortion advocates are running scared , ” said SBA List president Marjorie Dannenfelser in a statement . “ Planned Parenthood and the ACLU are using Delaware as a testing ground for their extreme legislation to ensure abortionists can carry out abortions without limit – even on healthy children hours from birth . ”
Ellen Barrosse , RNC National Committeewoman and Delaware pro-life leader , added :
While 20 other states have passed reasonable limits on abortion after five months in the last several years , Delaware is headed backwards . This bill would open the floodgates to Gosnell-style “ houses of horrors ” abortion clinics in Delaware . The abortion lobby claims this bill will ensure abortion is a decision made between a woman and her doctor but Delaware women know the truth : for too long have women in this state suffered at the hands of unscrupulous abortionists .
Carney , a Catholic , said he supported the rights of women under Roe v. Wade , reports Reuters .
Delaware Right to Life posted to Facebook that the new law is a “ tragedy ” :
This abortion law is a tragedy for Delaware as it codifies abortion on demand for any and no reason throughout all nine months of pregnancy based upon the abortion doctor 's “ good faith medical judgement. ” Delaware Right to Life is deeply saddened that a Catholic governor would not follow the duty of his faith to protect the lives of innocent unborn children from death at any stage in a pregnancy and their mothers from unscrupulous abortion providers . He ignored the voices of Delawareans who rallied in opposition to this legislation , which now makes us the First State for Unrestricted Abortion .
Planned Parenthood , the nation 's largest abortion provider , whose profits have increased this year according to its annual report , celebrated Delaware 's move on Twitter :
Delaware is moving to repeal restrictions on safe , legal abortion care & protect # reprorights ! https : //t.co/hLLCzJnMkV pic.twitter.com/t7az8QPgwT — Planned Parenthood ( @ PPact ) June 9 , 2017
Norma McCorvey , who identified herself as “ Roe ” in the landmark case , ultimately admitted in her book I Am Roe that , upon advice from feminist lawyers , she had lied she had been raped and was seeking an abortion . In addition , McCorvey , who died in February , said she has actually never had an abortion , and had placed her baby up for adoption . She later became a Christian and a pro-life advocate .
“ My decisions were wrong and I am fighting with every breath to change what has occurred , ” McCorvey said in 2008 , and filmed a video in 2010 explaining her conversion .
What started as search-and-rescue efforts turned into a death investigation in Unalakleet .
Two boaters , Peter Nanouk , 55 , and Justin Nanouk , 35 , from Unalakleet , were reported overdue Sunday evening , according Alaska State Troopers .
The two relatives were reportedly heading south towards Klikitarik to fish .
After searchers from St. Michael did not locate the fishermen on Monday , more volunteers in boats joined the search efforts in the area .
Peter Nanouk 's boat , an aluminum open-top skiff , was found in a swamp Tuesday without the two men onboard .
Both Nanouks later were found deceased on the beach near Golsovia River .
Foul play is not suspected in their deaths . Their remains will be sent to Anchorage for autopsies .
The Daily Stormer , a neo-Nazi website that promoted the `` Unite the Right '' rally in Charlottesville , Va. , will no longer be hosted by GoDaddy , after the service received calls to ban the site over its hate-filled stories .
The Daily Stormer is now seen as trying to spin the threat of being taken down , posting a story that claims to be written by hackers affiliated with the activist group Anonymous . That story includes a threat to delete the site within 24 hours . But a main source of news about Anonymous says the group does n't seem to be involved .
The dispute over the website comes after a violent weekend in Charlottesville culminated in the killing of Heather Heyer , 32 , an anti-white nationalist protester . Police say James Alex Fields Jr. , 20 , killed Heyer when he drove his car into a crowd of people .
The Daily Stormer then published a story mocking Heyer and making light of the events in Virginia , prompting calls for GoDaddy , which hosts the site , to take it down .
Posting a link to the offending story , women 's rights advocate Amy Siskind‏ wrote via Twitter , `` @ GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer — they posted this on their site . Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned . ''
More than 6,500 people retweeted that message , and the web service replied late Sunday night : `` We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider , as they have violated our terms of service . ''
In the story on the Daily Stormer , the purported hackers said they 'll delete the site by the same deadline set by GoDaddy . But in a break with notable hacking takeovers , the story did n't appear as a message plastered on the front of the site ; instead , it was published alongside other pieces , including the one about Heyer .
The Daily Stormer was founded by Andrew Anglin , who also writes much of its most high-profile content ; the site is supported by reader donations rather than by advertising .
The alleged hackers ' message included the hashtag # TANGODOWN — a term that was quickly used by opponents of the site 's views to celebrate its seeming demise . News organizations around the world ran stories about the apparent takeover , which had included the explanation , `` this evil can not be allowed to stand . ''
But a Twitter account that often relays news about Anonymous states , `` We have no confirmation that 'Anonymous ' is involved yet . Looks more like a DS stunt . Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host . ''
Referring to the all-caps message posted on the site — about an elite team targeting Anglin and his site — the account states , `` We find claim that it took a 'UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS ' to hack a CMS run by amateurs incredibly amusing . ''
People commenting on the Daily Stormer site also found the situation amusing , noting that the supposed hackers had said they had located Anglin and would be `` sending our allies in Lagos to pay him a visit in person . ''
`` LOL , this meme just wo n't end , '' one person wrote about the Lagos reference .
Earlier this year , Anglin 's website was linked to an office in Worthington , Ohio , the Columbus suburb where he went to high school . As Columbus Alive reported , `` Anglin 's current whereabouts remain unknown . ''
The most popular response on the comment board was one that mocked people on Twitter who had announced the Daily Stormer had been taken over .
`` Anglin you are a legend , '' one person wrote .
FEELING STABBY Wushu Has Got To Be The Most Dangerous Team Sport In The World
`` So here 's how it 's going to go : I 'm going to jab this spear at your face over and over again and you 're going to dodge it and we 're not going to mess this up , right ? ''
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley ( R-IA ) suggested during a hearing yesterday that a deal to give amnesty to roughly 800,000 illegal aliens shielded by an Obama-created program could be reached if it includes more border security and mandatory E-Verify .
Grassley , considered an ally to President Trump 's populist , economic nationalist , “ America First ” agenda , said during the Senate hearing that any deal to give amnesty and a pathway to U.S. citizenship to the hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens protected by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) program must include more security at the U.S.-Mexico border .
advertisement
“ First and foremost , any potential DACA agreement has to include robust border security , ” Grassley said . “ And by that , I do n't mean a wall . Of course tactical infrastructure like fencing is a part of the answer , but border security is more than that. ” He went on to say :
Border security is a kind of all of the above approach , including fencing , technology , funding for more law enforcement personnel and equipment , changes to substantive laws so the Catch and Release and other misguided policies are ended and we need to require that the administration finally complete the bio-metric entry and exit system that Congress has continually demanded and allocated money for over the last 15 years .
Additionally , Grassley seemed to be accepting of an amnesty for illegal aliens , should mandatory E-Verify – the tech program which mandates that employers hire legal immigrants and American citizens – be a part of the deal .
“ Second and equally important for robust border security , we 've got to make sure that any deal includes meaningful interior enforcement , ” Grassley said . “ The simplest , most common sense , may be to ensure that we eliminate the root causes of undocumented immigration to make it , the E-Verify system mandatory for all employers . ”
“ This system helps employers confirm that job applicants are here legally , ” Grassley continued . “ I know that this is a controversial and difficult step and so many corporate interests are going to object , but we know that jobs are the number one reason people come here . ”
Grassley also said an amnesty deal on DACA would need to include better and swifter immigration enforcement when it comes to deportations and a clean-up of the current back-logged immigration courts .
“ I 'm confident that if everybody is reasonable , we can reach a solution , ” Grassley concluded .
When asked by Breitbart News if Grassley did in fact support amnesty , so long as border security and mandatory E-Verify efforts are included in the deal , spokesperson Taylor Foy said he would not “ weigh in on hypotheticals . ”
“ That said , [ Senator Grassley ] was clear today that any legislation that addresses DACA must also contain other enforcement and security provisions to ensure that we do n't find ourselves in a similar situation down the road , ” Foy told Breitbart News .
As Breitbart News reported , Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) Assistant Secretary Michael Dougherty claimed during the Senate Judiciary hearing that Trump 's administration was in support of an amnesty for the DACA illegal aliens .
An amnesty for illegal aliens covered by DACA would ultimately result in a massive chain migration , where potentially nine to 19 million foreign nationals would be able to be brought to the U.S. by their newly amnestied relatives , as Breitbart News reported .
On the campaign trail , Trump promised to shutter DACA immediately when he entered office . But , according to the New York Times , multinational billionaire Steve Schwarzman convinced Trump to keep accepting new illegal aliens onto the DACA rolls .
It was only when Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton and nine other state attorney generals threatened to sue the Trump administration for continuing DACA that Trump sent out Attorney General Jeff Sessions to announce that the temporary amnesty program would be phased out over the course of two years .
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart News . Follow him on Twitter at @ JxhnBinder .
People can finally walk into the newly renovated Gateway Arch grounds , but the new museum is still closed until Tuesday , July 3 . News 4 is pulling back the curtain to see some of the new exhibits and interactive displays .
Scroll for more content ...
The biggest change visitors will notice when they come to the Archgrounds is the entrance . The west side of the arch is a circular sloped , handicap accessible entrance . This is the only entrance . The two-side doors at each leg of the Arch are still there , but they are exits only .
There is also a splash pad at the entrance , which is open to the public to dip their feet in .
When visitors first walk into the visitors center , they will see a giant floor map showing how St. Louis was the starting point of western expansion . People can physically walk along the trails lined out on the maps to follow the pioneers ' trek to California .
Once the museum is open , the exhibits will give visitors more in-depth history into western expansion and will show how St. Louis was once the third busiest port in America in the 1850s .
Most of the maps and displays will be interactive .
In the tram lobby , where visitors take the trip to the top of the Arch , there is a gift shop and cafe . Serving food inside the Arch grounds will be a first for the National Park .
A soft opening is happening now . The grand opening is July 3 .
April 20 Mednax Inc :
* Sees Q1 adjusted earnings per share $ 0.75
* Sees Q1 earnings per share $ 0.59
* Sees Q1 revenue $ 836 million versus i/b/e/s view $ 840.3 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.88 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Mednax inc says for Q1 , same-unit revenue is expected to decline by 0.9 percent when compared to prior year period
* Announced preliminary financial and operating results for three months ended March 31 , 2017
* Sees Q1 earnings per share of $ 0.59
* Sees Q1 adjusted EPS of $ 0.75 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The family of a murder victim spoke out Saturday morning , begging the public to help police find their loved one 's killer .
Scroll for more content ...
According to Frederick Eriven 's mother , Kellie McDaniel Davis , he was a happy , regular young man who cared deeply about his family and friends .
`` Frederick liked being around his family and having his family around him , '' Davis said . `` He was generally concerned about his family and his friends . ''
Eriven 's cousin , Armand Woodson , said that he was multidimensional and was always seeking out ways to grow and better himself .
`` That 's the reason why this hurts so much ; Frederick was such a positive person and had a lot going for him , '' said Woodson .
Daniel Eriven , the victim 's younger brother , said that his brother was his idol growing up .
`` He was just a really loving person ; he had such a genuine spirit , '' he said . `` His smile was everything ; it lit up the whole world . ''
Eriven was found dead alongside Marcel Cowans in a parked vehicle in west Phoenix last month .
`` When I got the phone call from his father that the detective said that our son might be deceased . You know , it was exactly how it is on television ; I screamed and hollered . Then I was driven home and I was in denial , '' said Davis . `` I 'm turned inside out ; nothing is the same . Nothing feels the same , nothing tastes the same , nothing looks the same . I ca n't stay so busy to get ahead of the grief and the hurt . I can stay pretty busy but it always catches up . ''
Daniel said he does n't get too much sleep anymore because he is thinking about this all the time and missing his older brother .
Like Cowans ' family , Eriven 's relatives are asking anyone who knows anything to help with the investigation .
`` There 's people out there that know what happened ; they knew what happened . They knew before it happened . If they just had a shred of human decency in their body , they would come forward , '' said Eriven 's uncle , Gerald L Anderson .
Davis says that nothing is too small or irrelevant .
`` Whatever you thought was off that day , just call it in , '' Davis pleaded . `` If it 's not related , they wo n't use it . If it is , it 's one more piece to the puzzle . ''
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice ( GMP ) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration , for pills ( condensed pills ) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11 , 2022
VOL . 41 | NO . 32 | Friday , August 11 , 2017
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Target is buying a delivery logistics company to help it offer same-day delivery service to in-store shoppers .
Software made by San Francisco-based Grand Junction connects retailers with about 700 delivery companies around the country that pick up items from distribution centers and take them to customers .
Expanding delivery and making it faster have been key areas retailers have focused on to attract convenience-seeking shoppers .
Target has been working with Grand Junction to test same-day delivery at a New York store . Shoppers there can ask to have items delivered that day for a fee . Target plans to expand the service to other New York locations this year , then bring it to other major cities next year .
Minneapolis-based Target Corp. did not say how much it is paying for Grand Junction .
× ‘ I should have shot him , ' says man hit with hammer in Arizona home invasion
GLENDALE , Ariz. – Glendale police are looking for two men who broke into a house and hit the homeowner with a hammer , KTVK reported .
Police said the men kicked in the back door at 8:40 a.m. and were met by the homeowner .
“ I woke up , ” the homeowner said . “ The dude was standing in front of me , holding my legs , asking me where my gun was . ”
One of the men hit the homeowner on the head with a hammer before they took off on foot .
The homeowner told police that he may know one of the two men .
“ I let him do some work around the house and I paid him for it in the past , ” the homeowner said .
He said one of the burglars asked him for his gun .
“ I realized it was right next to me , ” the homeowner said . “ I grabbed it , pointed it at him and started yelling at him . Should have shot him but he took off running . ”
Police said one of the men appeared to be in his mid-30s , about 5 feet 7 inches tall , 200 pounds with tattoos on his arms and face . The second man was wearing a brown hooded sweatshirt , hat and jeans .
“ We do believe there was some sort of relationship , ” Glendale Police Sgt . Scott Waite said . “ Our victim made some reference to recognizing possibly the voice of one of the suspects . ”
The homeowner had minor injuries and refused medical treatment according to the Phoenix Fire Department .
“ These subjects were armed and forced their way into somebody 's home , ” Waite said . “ Whether they know the victim or not , these are obviously dangerous individuals we need the public to be aware of . ”
During CBS ' coverage of the shooting at a Congressional baseball practice , anchor Charlie Rose stated , “ people talk about things like ‘ lock her up , ' and we saw some of the most crude political language that we 'd heard . … This has been a season of sort of coarse political rhetoric . ”
Rose said , “ [ W ] e saw during the time that members went back home , because of some of the debates in Congress , they were particularly raucous town meetings , not about threats to their lives , but clearly , the level in combativeness was more apparent than ever . ”
He later added , after Congressional Correspondent Nancy Cordes said that it can be difficult for members of Congress to tell who is merely exercising their free speech rights and someone who has the intent of committing violence , “ Clearly , we saw that during the campaign , which people talk about things like ‘ lock her up , ' and we saw some of the most crude political language that we 'd heard , even though there 's a long history of political attacks in American politics since the Founding Fathers . We did see expressions that we had not heard before . This has been a season of sort of coarse political rhetoric . ”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @ IanHanchett
Scroll for more content ...
The Bloomfield girls basketball team beat Clay City 35-33 to win their third straight sectional title .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
A resolution by the San Diego Unified School District ( SDUSD ) to invite newly confirmed U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos for a visit has been rescinded at the urging of the city 's teachers ' union .
To clarify : Our school board is not inviting Secretary of Education Betsy # DeVos to visit SDUSD . SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER — San Diego Unified ( @ sdschools ) February 13 , 2017
In a Facebook post , Lindsay Burningham , president of the San Diego Education Association ( SDEA ) , said the union objects to the school district 's resolution to invite DeVos :
The reality is that DeVos has committed her personal life , abundant wealth and political connections , in the pursuit of dismantling and destabilizing public education in Michigan . She has now set her sights on all of America 's public schools . DeVos has advocated for diverting public money to voucher programs and profit-driven charter management organizations , who operate with little or no regulatory oversight while draining desperately needed resources from local schools and communities .
According to NBC 7 , board president Richard Barrera and Trustee John Lee Evans sponsored the resolution to invite DeVos . Their goal was to allow the secretary an opportunity to “ learn what the school district is doing to create quality public schools in every neighborhood , so that she can collect the data needed that will allow her to base her decisions on what is best for students rather than on any political ideology . ”
Barrera withdrew his support for the resolution , however , after the teachers ' union and some parents and “ community partners ” objected , says the news report .
“ Now is the time for those of us who believe in public education to stand together and confront the threat clearly posed by the DeVos ideology , ” Barrera said .
On Friday , a small group of protesters attempted to block DeVos from entering a Washington , D.C. school . The protesters clashed with police as they shouted at DeVos and she was escorted to another entrance of the school .
Randi Weingarten , president of the American Federation of Teachers ( AFT ) , rebuked the protesters .
“ We do n't condone such acts , ” Weingarten tweeted . “ We want her to go to public schools . ”
Just heard a protester blocked & almost knocked Secy @ BetsyDeVos down at Jefferson.We do n't condone such acts.We want her to go to pub schls — Randi Weingarten ( @ rweingarten ) February 10 , 2017
On Tuesday , Weingarten tweeted :
Today I challenged # BetsyDeVos to get to know our public schools , the people who work in them and kids they serve https : //t.co/0Oy0VUMVvb — Randi Weingarten ( @ rweingarten ) February 15 , 2017
DeVos 's nomination was the subject of unprecedented controversy for an education secretary , with opposition coming from both the left and the right . Teachers ' unions and public school supporters claim she will privatize public schools , while Common Core opponents want to see an end to federal intrusion in education and a focus on local control before school choice . In the end , Vice President Mike Pence 's historic vote in the Senate was required to break the tie vote that enabled DeVos 's confirmation .
During a parent-teacher conference listening session at the White House , President Donald Trump praised DeVos for having “ gone through a very tough trial and a very unfair trial . ”
Trump , Pence , and DeVos met with parents and teachers from various school settings , including private , public , Catholic , homeschool , and charter schools .
“ As I said many times in my campaign , we want every child in America to have the opportunity to climb the ladder to success , ” Trump said . “ I want every child also to have a safe community , and we 're going to do that very much . We 're going to be helping you a lot — a great school and some day to get a really well-paying job or better , or better : own their own company . And a lot of people are looking at that . ”
“ That 's why I want every single disadvantaged child in America , no matter what their background or where they live , to have a choice about where they go to school , ” the president continued . “ And it 's worked out so well in some communities where it 's been properly run and properly done . And it 's a terrific thing . ”
DeVos said she was “ really excited to be here today with parents and educators representing traditional public schools , charter public schools , homeschools , private schools , a range of choices . ”
“ And we 're eager to listen and learn from you your ideas for how we can ensure that all of our kids have an equal opportunity for a high-quality , great education and therefore an opportunity for the future , ” she said .
UPDATE 1-Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following his conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year .
Adam Nicholson
Deputy Culture Editor – Film
Adam Nicholson gives us his highlights and recommendations of the last year in film and television
Naturally , any summation of a year 's cinematic and televisual output is dubious enough before being awkwardly arranged into a somewhat arbitrary list of ten , but why rock the boat while it 's still afloat – now is the time of the year that The Glasgow Guardian will throw its hat into the ring with the other outlets and their top tens . Unashamedly , the following list is my personal selection of the best of both cinema and television from the calendar year we just left behind , though as the editor for film and television , I 'd like to think my position affords my choices with a little validation ( perhaps vainly so ) .
“ Calendar year ” is the important phrase ; I wo n't be using the ridiculous “ academy years ” ( which run from one Oscars show till the next ) , hence a few entries performed well in the previous bouts of award shows . An honourable mention goes to Dunkirk which just lost out from inclusion , for while Nolan 's war picture is a consummate technical achievement , it may strike some as being a little cold , emotionality having never been Nolan 's strong suit .
I will also add that the most important event in film and television this year had nothing to do with what was on the screen . The revelations of rampant sexual abuse within the industries will define 2017 as a watershed year in the history of cinema and television and rightfully so ; at long last , the systemic and fundamentally twisted attitudes towards women held by Hollywood were most publicly questioned and will doubtless have a tremendous effect on film and television for decades to come . However , I present , in no order , my selection of the best of last year .
La La Land
Important is my distinction between calendar and academy years . The not-quite best picture winner of “ 2016 ” was in fact released in the UK in January . Damien Chazelle , the film 's writer and director , achieves the rare blend of technical cinematic mastery and emotionally satisfying storytelling . La La Land deftly utilizes all the tools at a filmmaker 's disposal , while never losing the thread of emotion amidst all the cinematic tricks . And I love a good musical .
The Killing of a Sacred Deer
I can not recall a cinematic experience in the last ten years as uncomfortable as that offered by Yorgos Lanthimos 's strange and loose adaptation of Euripides 's Iphigenia in Aulis . If I were to give an elevator pitch for this picture , I 'd say it was The Shining fused with Sophie 's Choice and yet this is simply an inadequate description . Then again , I find myself fundamentally unable to express precisely what the film is about and how it achieves its effects , though that is n't to say it 's incomprehensible . It is simply alluring and disturbing in equal measure , a consummate piece of cinematic craftwork and a profoundly challenging dramatic experience . Of all the films of 2017 , The Killing of a Sacred Deer is the film I would like to recommend the most . Watch it , then forgive me , and thank me months later when you 're still thinking about it and craving another viewing .
Detroit
Disappointingly , the gamut of awards-bestowers appears to have forgotten about Kathryn Bigalow 's stunning film . In a year when race , and especially race in America , was so pressing an issue , Detroit told the right story at the right time . The Algiers Motel incident is excruciatingly told , tearing your nerves apart , and leaving you enervated and disgusted with the injustice and intolerance rife in the 1960s America while questioning , in light of this year 's events , whether such an extent of oppression is still present .
Wind River
Another film which regrettably flew somewhat under the radar , Wind River forms the final entry in writer Taylor Sheridan 's thematic trilogy analysing American frontiers , having begun with Sicario and continued with 2016 's Hell or High Water . The film blends perfectly its wider thematic content , especially its focus on its Indian Reservation setting , with the taut construction of a top-class thriller . This is a Hemingway type picture ; no fat , just lean drama .
Twin Peaks : The Return
There has never been a more ambitious project on television . David Lynch and Mark Frost returned , after 25 years , to produce the most daring and surreal televisual experience since the first time they redefined television with Twin Peaks . With each of The Return 's eighteen parts , you sink into a strange world , your expectations at every turn subverted . Twin Peaks manages to be funny , tragic , unsettling , and comforting simultaneously . It is a true masterpiece .
Feud : Bette and Joan
In the beginning half of the year when Ryan Murphy 's series , about the infamous feud between Bette Davis and Joan Crawford , debuted , I ca n't imagine anyone involved in the production would have known just how prescient this eight-part drama would seem by December . Feud shows how Hollywood manipulates people and women especially , for its own pleasures . And yet , at the heart of this drama , there are two resilient women ; flawed undoubtedly , yet indelibly human .
Blade Runner 2049
Rarely can one apply the term “ epic ” to a picture in the original sense of the word . Blade Runner 2049 is undoubtedly an epic , more akin to a picture like There Will Be Blood than a great many of its sci-fi counterparts . The film stands not only as yet another step in director Denis Villeneuve 's magnificent cinematic run over the last decade , but also poses some profound questions concerning humanity and offers no easy answers .
Moonlight
Another fundamental lesson one hopes Hollywood will soon learn is that diversity only improves cinema . Barry Jenkins ' film is simply magnificent and presents us with both a story and a perspective on that story rarely considered in mainstream culture : Moonlight is not just about being black in America , nor is it is n't simply about being gay in America , nor is solely about both – it is a film which explores its characters and its stories and in so doing transcends the specifics to tell a universally beautiful tale which can resonate with everyone .
War for the Planet of the Apes
It is rare that two genre pictures of such quality appear within a single year . The final instalment in the criminally underrated trilogy of Planet of the Apes pictures which rebooted the franchise , director Matt Reeves presents a considered , thoughtful , and engaging picture about the end of one world and the beginning of a new one . Amidst all of this , there is a war film , a POW film , stories about PTSD , the nature of heroism and villainy , and a whole host of further complexities which combine to bring about not only a fitting ending to a fine trilogy , but to produce a wonderful film in its own right .
Free Fire
Sometimes , cinema astounds by taming myriad complexities within a single work . And sometimes , it takes a simple idea – an arms deal between the IRA and gangsters in a Boston warehouse turns sour – and produces filmmaking at its finest . Free Fire is thrilling , funny , and unashamed to embrace simplicity . I 'm thankful for it – you will be too .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Global and national leaders from across the marine sector will descend on the city this summer for the 4th annual ‘ Our Ocean Wealth Summit ' .
The summit will examine a sustainable marine economy for Ireland , against the landscape of global turbulence and social and political change .
It 's targeted at national martimie stakeholders from policymakers , industry representatives , business , academics and NGOs .
The event will take place at NUI Galway on Friday June 30th .
This is the fourth story in a five-part series on the issues surrounding Kinder Morgan 's proposed expansion of the Trans Mountain pipeline , investigating the history , science , Indigenous reaction , politics and economics of the controversial project . Read part one , part two , part three and part four .
There 's a lot riding on the federal government 's decision to take over the Trans Mountain pipeline twinning project from Edmonton to its terminal in Burnaby .
Kinder Morgan agreed to carry on with its construction plan as part of Ottawa 's offer to buy its Canadian assets , primarily the pipeline and its terminal , for $ 4.5 billion .
The federal purchase does not include the $ 7.4 billion construction budget , which is to be financed by Ottawa and Alberta . Kinder Morgan estimates that the first 20 years of construction and operation would generate $ 46.7 billion , including federal and provincial taxes paid . Over the same period , the company calculates that municipal tax payments over 20 years would total $ 922 million in B.C . and another $ 124 million in Alberta .
The Conference Board of Canada estimates the project would create the equivalent of 15,000 person-years of employment in construction and 37,000 direct , indirect and induced jobs each year it operates .
Benefits agreements have been signed with 19 communities , representing $ 8.6 million in infrastructure , education and training projects . Examples include $ 500,000 for improvements to Hope Community Park , $ 290,000 for trails and trades training in Barriere , $ 845,000 for community infrastructure and training in the Thompson Nicola Regional District , $ 390,000 for projects and training in Clearwater , $ 1.3 million to revitalize an Abbotsford golf course and $ 1.2 million for a new Vedder Greenway trail pedestrian bridge in Chilliwack .
There are another 43 “ mutual benefit agreements ” with Indigenous communities , 33 in B.C . and the rest in Alberta . Kinder Morgan says those agreements will see $ 400 million go to the communities , and agreements may be extended as the project proceeds .
Trans Mountain requires its contractors to have Indigenous monitors on its environmental inspection teams at all construction areas , advising on traditional land use and cultural values .
Beyond the direct jobs and community benefits agreements along the route , the project is a key step toward increased spill response capability on the B.C . coast . It also affects the supply of crude oil to southern B.C . 's last oil refinery and bigger refineries in Washington .
And then there are pending oil pipelines to the U.S. , and another proposal to build a pipeline similar to the cancelled Northern Gateway pipeline across northern B.C .
Here 's a closer look at the implications .
What happens if there 's a spill
Spill response on the B.C . coast is the responsibility of Western Canada Marine Response Corp. ( WCMRC ) , an industry-funded network of facilities and vessels that works with the Coast Guard to respond contain and clean up incidents .
As part of its Trans Mountain expansion , Kinder Morgan Canada committed $ 150 million to increased response equipment and bases , conditional on completion of the Trans Mountain pipeline twinning project .
That funding was suspended in April , along with all non-essential spending on the pipeline , with Kinder Morgan seeking assurances by the end of May that further delays and demands wo n't be imposed on a project that has already received federal and provincial approval .
WCMRC plans include response bases at Burrard Inlet , on the Lower Fraser River , Nanaimo , Port Alberni , Sidney , Beecher Bay in the Juan de Fuca Strait , as well as an offshore supply vessel to be based at Ogden Point in Victoria . Kinder Morgan 's conditions laid down by the National Energy Board require that those facilities be up and running nine months before the Trans Mountain expansion begins operation .
Ogden Point is Victoria 's cruise ship terminal , and may also be the location of a new spill response vessel financed by Kinder Morgan Canada if the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion proceeds . ( Western Canada Marine Response Corp . )
The project suspension puts all that work on hold , said Michael Lowry , communications manager for WCMRC .
“ We were close to signing leases in a lot of these spots , ” Lowry said .
“ We had construction vendors all lined up , tender packages ready to go to start construction this summer . ”
The goal of the response bases is to reduce the maximum response time for Vancouver Harbour from six hours to two . The six-hour maximum would then be applied to the entire southern B.C . shipping lane , where in remote places the response time can be up to 72 hours .
In November 2016 , Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced an upgrade to marine spill response for the West Coast . It included two new large vessels capable of towing large freighters or other ships in distress , such as the U.S. tugboat and fuel barge that had run aground near Bella Bella on the remote B.C . coast .
“ Canada has the longest coastline in the world , and it 's a poorly kept secret that we have n't done enough to protect it , ” Trudeau said after touring Vancouver harbour aboard a Coast Guard vessel .
Cleanup crew works on Burrard Inlet shoreline after a backhoe ruptured the Trans Mountain pipeline in July 2007 . About 224 cubic metres of heavy synthetic crude was spilled , affecting a residential area , a creek and the inlet shore after some of the oil ran down a storm drain outfall . Approximately 95 per cent of the released oil was recovered . ( Western Canada Marine Response Corp. ) ( Western Canada Marine Response Corp . )
That national project was not a direct response to the potential for increased tanker traffic . The B.C . government calculates that while all eyes are on the potential seven-fold increase in oil tankers , the Trans Mountain expansion represents only a six per cent increase in total shipping .
There has never been a spill of crude oil tanker cargo in B.C. , after 64 years of Trans Mountain delivering crude to the Westridge tanker terminal at Burnaby , and daily Alaska tanker traffic past B.C . for nearly 50 years . Recent spills included a fuel system rupture of the freighter MV Marathassa in Vancouver harbour in 2015 , spilling bunker fuel , a semi-refined product carried in large quantities by many ocean-going vessels .
Oil price and investment
Alberta oil is “ landlocked , ” as a U.S. protest network 's strategy first described it in 2008 . Pipeline backers point to the discount on Western Canada Select , as Alberta heavy oil is called by traders , and West Texas Intermediate , the similar grade of U.S. crude .
Between 2012 and 2017 , the price difference averaged $ 16.54 a barrel . As the Fraser Institute pointed out in a May report , The Cost of Pipeline Constraints in Canada , the 2018 price spread is $ 26.30 a barrel , which works out to an annual loss of $ 15.8 billion on Canadian oil .
Calculating the investment impact of cancelling third major pipeline project is less certain . The Justin Trudeau government effectively killed the Northern Gateway pipeline by banning crude tankers docking on B.C . 's North Coast , then added downstream greenhouse gas requirements to the Energy East pipeline from Alberta to the Atlantic coast that caused Trans Canada Corp. to abandon the project .
Energy East would have converted existing gas pipelines , moving Alberta oil to refineries that currently depend on imported oil from Saudi Arabia , Nigeria and other sources .
Oil refineries
With Imperial Oil 's refinery at Port Moody long dismantled , the last remaining source of refined fuels in southern B.C . is near the Trans Mountain Burnaby terminal . The Burnaby refinery was acquired from Chevron in April 2017 by Parkland Fuel Corp , , a Red Deer-based company that also owns Columbia Fuels on Vancouver Island .
The $ 1.5 billion purchase includes more than 100 Chevron-branded filling stations in B.C. , marine fuelling stations and an aviation fuels business supplying Vancouver International Airport .
Trans Mountain , one of few pipelines in North America used for shipping refined fuels and crude oil in batches , also supplies the Parkland refinery . News of the Trans Mountain expansion prompted Parkland CEO Bob Espey to express his concerns to the B.C . and Alberta governments .
“ Our company 's view is that any measure that restricts the supply of oil to British Columbia would be negative for both the economies and B.C . and Alberta , ” Espey said in a statement . “ We are committed to doing what we can to serve our customers and will continue to monitor the issue closely . ”
The Cherry Point refinery in Washington State ( BP )
Washington state 's five refineries , at Cherry Point , Anacortes and Ferndale , receive crude from the Trans Mountain pipeline as well as by tankers from Alaska . With Trans Mountain now over-subscribed , Alberta oil is moving by rail in greater volumes , winding down the Fraser Canyon to enter the U.S. at Bellingham .
A 2017 Washington state ecology department report says the volume of Alberta oil shipped by train to the state has more than doubled , from 7,000 barrels a day in 2012 to 15,000 . That translates to 80 to 90 rail cars per week carrying Alberta heavy crude through B.C .
Other pipelines
Alberta 's oilsands crude is in demand in California and the U.S. Gulf Coast , where refineries are built to handle heavy oil such as Venezuela 's oilsands product . Some critics say much of Trans Mountain 's additional capacity would go south , rather than by Aframax-sized tankers across the Pacific to Asia .
Enbridge is working on its Line 3 replacement , from Hardisty , Alberta across Saskatchewan and into the U.S. Construction of the Saskatchewan and Manitoba sections is scheduled to start in the fall of 2018 .
U.S. President Donald Trump carried out his campaign promise to approve the Keystone XL pipeline , which faced similar international opposition as Trans Mountain does today . Keystone would run from Hardisty to Nebraska , strengthening Alberta 's historic ties to the U.S. petroleum industry .
Another project that could benefit from Trans Mountain 's expansion being cancelled is Eagle Spirit Energy , an Indigenous-led effort to build a pipeline across northern B.C . similar to Northern Gateway .
Eagle Spirit founder Calvin Helin has backing from the Aquilini Group , real estate developers and owners of the Vancouver Canucks . A lawyer from Lax Kw'alaams on the northwest coast , Helin has worked to secure Indigenous consent for a pipeline route that terminates at Grassy Point , in Lax Kw'alaams territory .
Where the Trans Mountain expansion is opposed by the Squamish and Tsleil-Waututh , Eagle Spirit may have consent for the Grassy Point terminal , which could accommodate larger crude carriers for Asian ports .
Another coastal option is a refinery proposal backed by Black Press chairman David Black , that was originally to be supplied by the Northern Gateway pipeline to a site near Kitimat .
The Trudeau government 's decision to ban crude oil tankers from the North Coast is being challenged in court by Eagle Spirit , but Black has since focused on an innovation that would see Alberta bitumen dried to a solid and shipped by rail hopper cars for processing .
In the event of a land spill , the product could be picked up without significant impact , Black said .
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
April 3 EBC Solicitors SA :
* Its unit , Swietokrzyski Inkubator Technologii SA , sells 44.96 percent of Graphene Solutions sp . z o.o . for 0.9 million zlotys ( $ 226,769 ) Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 3.9688 zlotys ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Monday on MSNBC conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt said America was “ getting tired of the pile on 24/7 ” of President Donald Trump .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Hewitt : said , “ I do believe the hair-trigger criticism of everyone is wearing out it 's welcome with America . ”
He continued , “ So the overblown hysteria and Jeff was just venting there about transcripts that may or may not exist , that have or have not been seen like the BuzzFeed dossier which was trash , I think most people in America are getting tired of the pile on 24/7 of the new president . He had a very successful weekend , and Mike Flynn , by the way , very successful statement about Iran . We have n't seen any Iranian speedboats charging at American destroyers since General Flynn made his statement . So , all in all , I think the original team is still there and Donald Trump is sticking with them . ”
( h/t RCP Video )
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @ pamkeyNEN
The attorney representing Michael Skakel — the Kennedy family cousin convicted of murdering Connecticut teen Martha Moxley — tells PEOPLE he believes there may be previously undiscovered evidence that could clear his client .
Skakel was convicted of Moxley 's murder in 2002 and sentenced to 20 years-to-life in prison . He was Moxley 's neighbor in Greenwich , Connecticut , when the 15-year-old girl was bludgeoned and stabbed to death with the shaft of a broken golf club in October 1975 .
According to Skakel 's lawyer , Stephan Seeger , a golf club handle was later allegedly recovered from a residence owned by Skakel 's aunt and uncle , about seven miles from the crime scene .
Seeger says he has not located the handle in question and only recently heard claims of its existence , but he is seeking depositions to learn more . He did not specify in what way the handle might clear his client — only that it could prove the murder weapon did n't come from the Skakels .
The club handle was allegedly discovered by a groundskeeper and his daughter . Believing it might be evidence , they brought the snapped shaft to police in Greenwich in 1999 , Seeger claims .
He contends that , despite the murder conviction , Skakel was actually at his aunt and uncle 's home watching a Monty Python movie with a cousin on the night Moxley was killed .
Seeger says a Connecticut-based lawyer contacted him late last year about the alleged golf club shaft 's existence . The unnamed lawyer also provided him with the names of the groundskeeper , his daughter and a lawyer who once worked for Skakel 's aunt and uncle .
Seeger says the groundskeeper passed away on March 31 , at 91 , but he still wants to depose the daughter as well as the former attorney for the aunt and uncle .
Seeger has asked Superior Court Judge Gary White to issue subpoenas for these people to provide depositions on the matter , PEOPLE confirms . He says he wants as much information on the alleged golf club handle as possible .
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter .
“ We are trying to find this missing evidence , ” says Seeger , who insists there is n't even an official police report reflecting the groundskeeper 's visit to police in Greenwich .
Neither investigators nor Skakel 's cousin 's family immediately returned PEOPLE 's messages seeking comment ; the other parties Seeger identified could not immediately be reached .
But “ even the greenest of police officers in 1999 would have found the report of a golf club shaft being found at the [ aunt and uncle 's ] residence to be ultra significant , ” Seeger argues . “ That item should have been inventoried right away — and at a minimum , there should be a police report saying two people came in with this item , when they found it and where . ”
“ There are mountains of documents associated with this case and not one sentence written about this golf club handle , ” Seeger continues . “ That is exceptionally odd . ”
In 2013 , Connecticut 's Superior Court determined Skakel 's first trial lawyer failed to represent him adequately in court and subsequently ordered a new trial for the 56-year-old nephew of Robert F. Kennedy 's widow , Ethel .
In a split four-three decision issued Dec. 30 , the state 's Supreme Court determined the lower court erred in its 2013 decision and reinstated Skakel 's conviction .
Speaking to PEOPLE last year , Moxley 's mother said she still thought Skakel was guilty : “ I believe Michael is the one who swung the club . It has been 41 years since Martha died . When you gather all this information for that long a time , you get to a point where you put it all together and it just fits . ”
Skakel spent 11 years behind bars after his conviction . Today , he is living with a relative in Bedford , New York .
Seeger tells PEOPLE he is n't pointing fingers about the new claims over the golf club handle .
“ My hope is always that there has been an oversight and that justice can be served in light of this new evidence , ” he says . “ It does n't take a genius to put the pieces of the puzzle together . ”
BRIEF-Tern Properties says Chan Yan Wai Emily appointed as executive director
* Chan Yan Wai , Emily has been appointed as an executive director of co Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
JERSEY CITY , N.J. — Four police officers have been suspended after a video surfaced that appears to show the victim of a fiery car crash being kicked by police as he lies on the ground , Jersey City Mayor Steven Fulop announced Monday .
The video shows the aftermath of an accident that happened during a police chase in Jersey City , New Jersey , on June 4 . Miguel Feliz was driving home from work when a vehicle being chased by police crashed into his car and a utility pole . Both vehicles and the pole caught fire .
In a video captured by witnesses , Feliz exits his vehicle and rolls on the ground attempting to remove his burning clothing . Moments later , several police officers approach Feliz while pointing their guns . Two officers appear to kick him , then drag him into the street .
“ Taking swift action is n't always elegant , but this video clearly shows that the officers acted quickly to extinguish the flames , and pull this man out of harm 's way , ” Carmine Disbrow , president of the Jersey City Police Officers Benevolent Association , said in a statement issued after the video surfaced . The incident left Feliz in critical but stable condition , with severe burns to 30 % of his body , his family told Univision .
The disciplinary measures announced by Fulop relate to violations during the car chase that do not include what is seen in the video .
The Hudson County Prosecutor 's Office is also investigating the police chase .
Officers suspended without pay
Lt. Keith Ludwig , and Officers M.D . Khan , Erik Kosinski and Francisco Rodriguez have been suspended without pay , according to the mayor 's statement . Two deputy chiefs were transferred to different roles .
Fulop said that these steps were taken after a preliminary investigation by the Jersey City Police Department revealed “ multiple indications of our officers and supervisors acting outside of their guidelines and training . ”
Ludwig was suspended for not stopping the car chase at any point . Khan and Kosinski were suspended for setting up an unauthorized roadblock during the chase and Rodriguez was suspended for firing shots at a moving vehicle , according to a city official .
“ We view the actions on June 4 as a breakdown of multiple levels of leadership , ” Fulop said in his statement . “ This is the first step as all of the officers involved will be held accountable for their actions or inactions that night . ”
Update : This event is SOLD OUT . There are still tickets available for the second event on Friday , October 13 . Buy tickets online .
The JAHC and KTOO join forces to bring you an exciting new series – ART GLASSES ! Monthly evenings of art projects at rotating establishments , taught by your favorite local Juneau artists .
We kick off the series with Tanna Peters , of TP Alaska Designs , hosted by Alaskan Brewing Co. Tanna will help you paint your own growler , and Alaskan will offer a no-host bar . All supplies , including the growler , are included !
Tickets are $ 45 and go on pre-sale after 9AM on Sept 14 to both JAHC and KTOO members ! Stop by the Juneau Arts & Culture Center or KTOO to get your tickets , become a member , and secure your spot before they sell out ! Tickets will go on sale to the general public starting Thursday , Sept 20 .
Questions ? Call Meghan at the JAHC at 586-2787 or Christy at KTOO at 463-6419 . We hope we see you there !
WASHINGTON May 2 The International Monetary Fund welcomes Greece 's deal with European lenders for additional fiscal reforms , but specific measures on debt relief are still needed for the IMF board to consider participating , IMF European Department Director Poul Thomsen said on Tuesday .
Thomsen told reporters on a conference call that the measures , including reductions in pension benefits and tax breaks , would allow Greece to meet fiscal targets and create budget space for more targeted , growth friendly spending policies in future years .
`` While we can accept that the debt relief will only be approved and delivered at the end of the program based on Greece meeting the targets under the program , we would need to assure our board already now that we have a common understanding with our European partners of what kind of measures will be needed to deliver that debt relief , '' Thomsen said . ( Reporting by David Lawder )
In order to better understand the impact of warming waters on Antarctic ice , researchers drilled a 300-meter-deep hole into the Ross Ice shelf . While what they might find might be alarming , at least they delivered this video of a calming dive into what can only be described as blissful oblivion .
Sen. Charles Schumer ( D-NY ) will donate campaign contributions he received from Harvey Weinstein to charity , his spokesman said Friday , joining at least three other Democrats who have pledged to donate their contributions after a New York Times exposé published Thursday detailed decades of sexual harassment allegations against the Hollywood super-producer and Democratic Party power player .
“ Sen . Schumer is donating all of the contributions to several charities supporting women , ” Schumer spokesman Matt House wrote in an email Friday . The email did not specify to which charities Schumer planned to donate the contributions .
advertisement
Weinstein contributed at least $ 14,200 to Schumer dating back to 1993 , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
Schumer became the latest Democrat to announce he would return contributions from Weinstein following a New York Times exposé published Thursday that reported the Hollywood mogul had reached financial settlements with at least eight women who had accused him of various forms of sexual harassment during his decades-long career in the movie business .
“ I said no , a lot of ways , a lot of times , and he always came back at me with some new ask , ” actress Ashley Judd , who worked with Weinstein on the 1997 film Kiss the Girls , told the New York Times for its story , adding : “ Women have been talking about Harvey amongst ourselves for a long time , and it 's simply beyond time to have the conversation publicly . ”
A representative for Sen. Richard Blumenthal ( D-CT ) said in an email Friday that Blumenthal would donate the $ 5,400 in campaign contributions he received from Weinstein last year to the Connecticut Alliance to End Sexual Violence .
Other Democratic senators donating campaign contributions to charity include Sen. Patrick Leahy ( D-VT ) , who pledged $ 5,600 in contributions to the Women 's Fund at the Vermont Community Center , and Sen. Martin Heinrich ( D-NM ) , who will donate $ 5,400 to the non-profit Community Against Violence in New Mexico .
In a statement Thursday , the Republican National Committee called on all Democratic politicians who had received funding from Weinstein to return what it called the “ dirty ” money , including the Democratic National Committee , which received at least $ 246,000 from the producer . In total , Weinstein has contributed at least $ 769,532 to Democratic politicians , PACs , and other organizations , according to the CRP .
Weinstein was also a significant contributor to former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton 's unsuccessful 2016 campaign , having donated at least $ 17,000 to the candidate ; in June of last year , the producer hosted a pricey fundraiser for Clinton at his New York City home that drew celebrities including Leonardo DiCaprio , Sarah Jessica Parker , and Bethenny Frankel , and fashion designers Vera Wang and Tory Burch .
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @ dznussbaum
Crystal Lowe does n't enjoy playing the villain .
But when she landed a roll in the movie Wonder she knew it was a movie she wanted to be a part of , even if she had to play the person that nobody liked .
The Maple Ridge native plays the part of Julian 's mother who is the main bully in the movie .
Wonder is based on the New York Times bestselling novel of the same title and it tells the story of a boy named August Pullman who has facial differences and goes to school for the first time in Grade 5 .
The movie stars Julia Roberts , Owen Wilson and Jacob Tremblay .
“ The great thing about Wonder is you really get to see ( bullying ) from everybody 's perspective . And I think that 's what we are lacking you know in the world today , ” said Lowe from her home in California .
“ I think that 's the beauty of what Wonder brings . It brings perspective and empathy and trying to understand ( bullying ) from other people 's point of view and why they come from those places and what makes them behave the way they do , ” she said .
Lowe moved to Los Angeles only a month ago , even though , she said , the move actually makes it more difficult for her working in the industry than if she stayed put in Vancouver .
“ This is where a lot of the big productions get made and because I am venturing into producing and directing , I just have to be here for a little while . Make the rounds here , ” said the actress .
Lowe started out as a child actor when she was about 4-years-old but her mother pulled her out of it because she felt it was too competitive between the parents . She told her daughter that as soon as she could drive herself to auditions then she would have her permission to enter the industry again . So , as soon as Lowe turned 16 she told her mom she was going back . She contacted Tyler Labine , another actor from Maple Ridge , and his mother hooked her up with an agent and became her temporary stage mom and manager .
Now the actress has 78 films under her belt and counting .
Currently she is working on another series called Signed , Sealed , Delivered , for the Hallmark Channel .
“ It 's with the creator of Touched By An Angel and it 's been going on for four years , ” Lowe explained .
“ I just want to be a part of things that are uplifting and our show is very uplifting . We need it , ” she said .
Lowe believes the world needs more movies like Wonder .
“ The world is a strange , crazy place right now and I think we desperately need films like this . While I do n't think all hope is lost for adults , I really really want to invest in the children , ” said Lowe .
“ They are going to come with an open heart . And , the majority of them , if we can speak to them now before the world kind of gets to be that scary and teach them how to have an open heart , then that can change a whole generation , ” Lowe noted .
Lowe likes the fact that the character that she plays is not the most likeable character in the movie .
“ You understand Julian a little more when you meet his parents , ” she said , adding that Julian 's mom does n't necessarily think she is a villain , she is just protecting her own son .
“ No mother thinks that they 're a villain . They think that they are protecting their son at all costs and I think that 's the issue we need to address , ” said Lowe .
“ We only see other people as bad guys or good guys or bullies or not bullies . We have no idea where they are coming from and why , ” she continued .
If we want bullying to stop , says Lowe , we have to spend time with our children . And , she added , if we want the dialogue to remain open then movies like Wonder are the ones we must take our children to , and have a discussion afterward .
“ I remember being a kid . I hated telling my parents stuff . But if it was in casual conversation because it was in a movie and we were talking about the movie and not necessarily my personal experience , I would have talked to my parents more because I would n't think it would feel like so much pressure , ” she said .
Having a conversation about what is right and what is wrong is the beauty of Wonder .
“ This movie offers that to parents and kids which is amazing . ”
Wonder is currently showing at Cineplex Odeon Meadowtown Cinemas , 19800 Lougheed Hwy , Pitt Meadows , in the Meadowtown Shopping Centre .
PORTLAND , Ore. — Holland Woods scored a career-high 29 points on a school record 10-for-10 shooting and Portland State lead from wire-to-wire for a 94-81 win over Eastern Washington on Saturday .
Traylin Farris and Deante Strickland each added 13 points for the Vikings ( 14-9 , 4-6 Big Sky Conference ) , who ended a three-game losing skid and stopped the Eagles ' three-game winning streak . Brandon Hollins and Michael Mayhew scored 12 apiece .
Portland State shot 53 per cent in the first half to take a 39-32 lead and then made 6 of 12 3-pointers , 20 of 32 shots overall ( 62.5 per cent ) in the second half to avenge an 81-74 loss in the first meeting .
Cody Benzel hit seven 3-pointers and scored 21 points for Eastern Washington ( 12-12 , 7-4 ) . Bogdan Bliznyuk , coming off a 40-point game , had 13 points , nine rebounds and six assists .
The Pittsburgh Steelers have proven themselves to be one of the more patient teams when it comes to supporting players whose off-field actions result in league suspensions . Players such as Ben Roethlisberger and LeVeon Bell have fully justified the team 's trust by maturing into positive examples to others in multiple ways . However , because NFL football is a business , the team 's patience with off-field mistakes may be connected to a player 's on-field production .
Consider UFDA Weslye Saunders , a former backup tight end whom the team once hoped would be a worthy successor to Heath Miller . Suspended by the league for the first four games of 2012 for taking a performance-enhancing drug , Saunders served his sentence and was then released .
In Bell 's case , the team stuck with him despite a second suspension for a missed drug test . Likewise , they kept Martavis Bryant after he missed an entire year in a second suspension due to multiple failed or missed drug tests . Although no league action was involved , the team also refrained from cutting ties with former first-round pick Santonio Holmes until negative publicity resulting from multiple off-field events caused them to act .
All three players were already stars or showed star potential when their off-field issues came to light ; plus the team had invested high or mid-level draft picks in all three , a first-round pick for Holmes , a second for Bell , and a fourth for Bryant . The team had little invested in Saunders , however , and Heath Miller had four years of football left in the tank . Therefore , after being cut by the Steelers for his first transgression , Saunders embarked on a twisted path to get back to the sport he once took far too much for granted .
Sadly , Saunders apparently failed to learn his lesson initially as he was again suspended in 2013 while a member of the Colts for the same infraction . The team resigned him after he served the suspension but waived him the following August . Since then , Saunders has embraced complete compliance with NFL policies and taken a new road to return to football , a stringent path that has thus far led nowhere professionally but that he hopes can eventually lead to redemption and success .
The former tight end dedicated himself to studying the ill-effects of drugs and the benefits of a healthy lifestyle . These studies and his growing awareness resulted in Saunders becoming a vegan , going completely drug-free and staying that way , losing 30lbs without losing strength , and to Saunders teaching others about his new-found holistic practices .
Related Ranking the coaches of the AFC North
He had wisely taken an off-ramp from a self-destructive highway , but he found that leaving a wrong road did n't put him on a right one automatically to league redemption , acceptance , and potential success . The Colts had given him a second chance , but a third , he learned , was n't soon forthcoming .
Saunders , who has never been arrested or in trouble with the law , has tried in vain since 2015 to ask various NFL teams for a tryout . Once , when he arrived at the facilities of a team in the NFC West , a security guard told him he 'd “ call the cops ” if Saunders reappeared . In other words , he had apparently ruined his reputation so completely that not only could he not get a tryout , in most cases he could n't even ask for one . Most recently , he took to Twitter to reach out to Steelers head coach Mike Tomlin .
Despite being repeatedly told in effect by the league , “ Do n't call us ; we 'll call you , ” Saunders continues to train at an elite level in the hopes that a team might eventually give him a tryout . Currently , he works out daily at Musculo Systematic Engineering , an advanced training center in Miami FL that uses gravity and body weight to retrain muscles and stimulate nerves .
Saunders says he 's never felt stronger or more explosive than he does today , which considering he 's six-foot , six inches tall , 259lbs , has 35.5-inch arms , 10 3/8 ” hands , and runs a 4.63 forty is a hopeful sign that he may yet win the try-out he yearns for and possibly more . In the meantime , he continues to work on improving route-running techniques , body placement , and explosive power for blocking and route release .
Regardless where it takes him in football , Saunders says the road he 's on has already brought him to where he should be as a person and a man , and it was , therefore , the right road all along and one he wishes he 'd taken from the start .
Speech to Text for New Casey 's General Store in Riley
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video .
you . you 'll find this new gas station and convenience store on state road 46 in riley . the `` terre haute chamber of commerce '' held a ribbon cutting today . we talked to a man who says he 's already a regular customer at the store ! it 's one of their bigger stores . they got everything here . pizza is great .. donuts are great .. riley defintely needed it . `` store management '' says they 've been very busy . they 're excited to be serving the riley area . `` first friday festivities '' are underway
March 30 Genuine Parts Co
* Genuine parts company invests in leading industrial distributor in australasia
* Says co & inenco group enters into agreement whereby inenco will issue new shares to genuine parts co
* Says deal represents a 35 % stake in inenco for approximately $ 70 million in cash
* Genuine parts co - parties agree to a structure by which genuine parts co to have opportunity to buy remaining 65 % stake in inenco at a later date Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
SABNES and the Naturalist Club are asking volunteers to help help rid the foreshore area of an invasive perennial vine called woody nightshade that has taken over large parts of the marsh , choking out native species that create suitable habitat and nesting material for fish and birds . -Image credit : Photo contributed .
Get out your best pair of garden gloves and go to battle for the Salmon Arm foreshore .
For the past couple of years , the Shuswap Naturalist Club and Salmon Arm Bay Nature Enhancement Society have been tackling a “ growth ” problem in the SABNES nature sanctuary along the foreshore .
“ No , it is n't an overpopulation of wildlife , ” says naturalist Ed McDonald . “ Rather , an invasive perennial vine called woody nightshade has taken over large parts of the marsh , choking out native species that create suitable habitat and nesting material for fish and birds . ”
McDonald says the most effective way to slow the spread of this prolific invader along the foreshore is by hand-pulling , bagging and disposal in the landfill .
The target area for the next weed pull on Oct. 18 will be a section of trail between the beaver pond and Christmas Island . The Columbia Shuswap Invasive Species Society supports these weed pulls by providing bags , gloves ( parts of the plant are somewhat toxic ) , and by paying the costs for access to the CSRD landfill .
Willing workers are needed to help carry out this activity . If you can lend a hand for a few hours from 8:45 a.m. go to to the entrance gate of the nature reserve .
“ Be sure to wear old clothes and waterproof footwear , ” says McDonald . “ We are also looking for a few pickup trucks to haul away the many bags of plants that we will collect . Let 's keep our foreshore environment a healthy and inviting place for wildlife . ”
For more information , email mcdonald @ airspeedwireless.ca or call Ed McDonald at 250-835-8802 .
@ SalmonArm
barbbrouwer @ saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
In a mirror image of what the film itself portrays , `` Gridiron Underground '' will get its television broadcast debut in the United States .
The football and social-history documentary about how , from the late 1940s on , African-American players found a home and success as pro players in Canada after being repressed and rejected in the U.S. was made in Canada by Canadians but has found no takers on Canadian TV .
So `` Gridiron Underground , '' co-produced and narrated by former Tiger-Cat running back John Williams Jr. , will air Friday at 8:30 p.m. on WNED , the Buffalo PBS channel .
`` Four years ago when we were trying to get this film going , if I was asked my ultimate dream , it would be for it be shown on PBS , '' says `` Gridiron Underground '' producer Bill Armstrong .
Williams , now working with Indigenous Student Services at McMaster , says , `` The film will grow even more now . Right from the start , I did n't care how much the film made . It was about getting the film into the right hands , getting more kids to see it . ''
`` Gridiron Underground '' is what Armstrong has called `` a love letter to Canadians '' from black football players who found employment and acceptance in the CFL ( which was n't called the CFL until 1958 ) that they could not find in the NFL .
There is heavy Hamilton content in the 73-minute documentary which uses Bernie Custis Day at Ivor Wynne Stadium in 2011 as a centre point for broader discussions on inclusion , freedom and institutionalized racism .
Custis , the legendary McMaster and Burlington Braves coach , was the first African-American starting quarterback in any professional league when he stood under centre for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats for the entire 1951 season and was named the Big Four all-star quarterback .
But the following year he was at halfback , moved there by head coach Carl Voyles who had never coached a black player before he came to Hamilton and had n't been supportive of Custis at quarterback . In the documentary Custis , who died in March at the age of 88 , recalls how Voyles called him years later , in tears , apologizing for his treatment of Custis .
It was the fans here who had demanded Custis be the starter and while many coaches of Canadian pro teams were American southerners , packing their own history of exclusionism , it was clear that Canadian fans wanted to see players like Custis and Johnny Bright who , out of fear of the consequences , had refused to become the Philadelphia Eagles ' first black player the same year Custis was blocked in Cleveland .
BUT IT LOOKS SO FAKE REAL This Video Is Not CGI And It 's Messing With Our Heads
At first glance this video looks like a solid , if unspectacular , CGI reel . Then you realize the whole things been done with miniatures and your mind is blown .
BP 's Dudley seen reigning for years to restore major 's might
LONDON , June 15 When BP boss Bob Dudley clinched a final deal to settle litigation over the deadly Deepwater Horizon disaster , many oil industry executives and investors thought his mission was accomplished .
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
Revelstoke continues to be serviced by FortisBC
FortisBC does not expect propane rates to change for Revelstoke residents following a merger between two main suppliers in western Canada .
A February merger between Superior Propane and CanWest Propane is not expected to affect prices for Revelstoke residents .
“ We do n't expect to see any changes in costs to our customers , ” said Tanya Laing Gahr , corporate communications advisor with FortisBC .
Last week the Competition Bureau announced that it had reached a consent agreement with Superior , which had proposed to buy CanWest .
The agreement is designed to protect Canadians by “ preserving competition for the retail sale of bulk propane in western Canada , ” it said .
As part of the agreement , “ Superior has agreed to waive contract terms preventing CanWest customers from switching suppliers ” in a number of areas around B.C. , including Revelstoke .
RELATED : FortisBC hikes Revelstoke propane rates 21 per cent
For people who live within city limits , Revelstoke is serviced by FortisBC , which brings propane in via train and truck .
Responding to the Competition Bureau report , MP Wayne Stetski said , “ This is good news for East Kootenay residents and for many rural residents across Canada , ” said MP Wayne Stetski in response to the Competition Bureau report . “ It will help ensure competitive market prices for propane , which is so critical to many Kootenay-Columbia families for cooking and heating . ”
Hamilton 's first snowstorm of the season is n't expected to be a `` monstrous '' one .
But it should bring enough snow — followed by colder temperatures — to keep the white stuff around until the holidays .
Between seven and 12 centimetres of snow was expected to fall Monday , starting in the afternoon and continuing into the evening , followed by another two centimetres Tuesday , according to David Phillips , senior climatologist at Environment Canada .
`` It 's not a shocker , it 's not a record breaker , '' he said Monday , but added `` the good news is this will probably give us our white Christmas . ''
The biggest one via your health care provider . They should be perfect for recommend several Drug Detox Centers anyone to choose from . Or , you might onto the web and try drug rehabilitation programs with your area .
There plenty of resource material of different drugs if you have a person can be addicted with . The truth is , Drug Addiction does more than simply mean street drugs . Numerous become endlaved by prescription drugs as successfully . An addiction means how the person becomes so hooked on the drug , they simply can not do with out them . There are quite a few drugs which addicting and habit forming .
The birthstone for May is Bright green . It is incredibly well-known as because of the its deep green hue and is undoubtedly to represent faith , memory and psychic powers . It may cure along with the spine , eyes and fertility .
You take prescription a constant high when you are with your partner . It 's that old saying , `` if it appears to be good regarding true , it in all probability is . '' The other side of famous . that you 're terrible when you are separated from them , even suffering physical pain like an upset stomach or tiredness . This constant cycle of highs and lows is no unique from the cycles of , say , drug or Alcohol Addiction . Do n't doubt the effectiveness of addictive romances !
When you 're feeling that your closed one preferably should get admitted to the rehabilitation center , then you have to not delay it . Everyone knows historical past of the of heroine , cocaine or marijuana . Techniques plenty of other types of substances , which affect the central the particular body and result in hallucination various other trouble . Later , it often leads towards coma or even death . If you bring that individual to the Drug Rehab centre then plus it really can help him to recover soon . From the New Jersey Drug Rehab center , he 's going to actually skill to heal soon . Professionals are very friendly and helpful in New Jersey drug rehab centers . A person get your patient there , they normally take care of other foods so that the patient feels comfortable and do n't get hyper or maniac .
Even once you have figured out that you did n't deserve or make the abuse , your way towards recovery is not necessarily finished . Society encourages us to leave our romantic partner if they are physically or mentally abusive ; so to get counselling many individuals believe that `` family is family '' ?
Sometimes you will discover a facility that mutually local government agencies to get even less costly treatment , we definitely will look around for . If you are trying to get yourself clean , you 're very best getting started right away , rather than looking at a program that can help to spend for the techniques . You absolutely need to trigger towards cleaning yourself as soon as we can . If you do n't , something very bad could happen to you - like death , or jail .
Q : My partner and I are in our early thirties and we fight about money all the time . It 's not that we are crazy spenders , but we both work and have good jobs yet can never seem to save . He says I should cut back my spending and I tell him to cut back his . I do n't think either of us really knows where our money goes , though . I am worried that if we do n't stop our fighting , it will ruin our relationship . Advice ?
A : Conflict over money is a common couple issue . In today 's economy , it is not unusual to have little left over after paying the regular bills for the cost of living — food , shelter , clothing and transportation .
However , it is apparent that neither of you really knows where your money goes , and you get caught in a mutual blame game in the absence of solid information .
The solution here is to keep track of every penny in and every penny out . If you do n't have an accurate measure of income and outflow , you ca n't budget and set spending priorities and goals .
The internet is loaded with personal and home money management tools . Either make your own simple spreadsheet that details money in and tracks money spent , or download and use an app .
Both of you must be open and transparent about the money you take in and what you spend . If the money spent and what is left over does n't match what comes in , you must figure out the discrepancy . Detailing your finances in this manner is the only way to come to a resolution .
I have referred people in your situation to `` divorce financial professionals '' who have expertise in helping couples to resolve financial conflicts . I am not sending couples there to separate , just to get help .
These professionals are not there to sell you financial products ; they work for a fee and will help you sort out your specific issues . They can even help you plan and prioritize how you want to manage your money . This is a better route in such circumstances than couple counselling .
Have a parenting or relationship question ? Send it in a brief email to question @ yoursocialworker.com . Due to the volume of mail , not all questions will receive a reply .
This year 's annual video took a new spin on the 12 days of Christmas
This is the WestJet 's sixth annual Christmas miracle video . This year they took 12 children 's wishes and turned them into reality . ( YouTube/WestJet )
What should Christmas be about ?
The response to this will constantly change depending on who is answering the question , and in WestJet 's latest Christmas Miracle video , the Canadian airline features a dozen children 's wishes for their 12 Flights of Christmas .
The video is a compilation of 12 events that were broadcast to Facebook Live and featured Blue Santa , Mrs. Claus and celebrity guests bringing surprise and delight to hundreds of WestJet guests and their families .
“ WestJet creates holiday magic for Canadians every year . This year , we asked for help from youth from St. Alban 's Boys and Girls Club , ” said Richard Bartrem , WestJet Vice-President Marketing Communications . “ Christmas , through the eyes of a child , is magical and the children gave us wonderful inspiration for surprising our guests . The best part was that the children got to be present to witness their own miracle come to life . ”
The Christmas wishes ranged from cuddling 40 puppies at Calgary International Airport to a world made of gingerbread at the Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport , to a Nutcracker performance at Winnipeg 's James Armstrong Richardson International Airport , to a life-sized snow globe at Toronto 's Pearson International Airport .
These 12 events were held on 12 consecutive days in 10 cities and one in-air flight .
Read More : A Christmas miracle for Fort Mac
Previous years have seen the company perform a Christmas miracle in Fort McMurray after families living there were devastated by a raging wildfire in May 2016 .
This marks the sixth year in a row that WestJet has surprised passengers or families during the holiday season .
ragnar.haagen @ bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Georgina Rodriguez already has this whole motherhood thing down .
The pregnant girlfriend of Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronaldo was the star of a new Instagram post the third-time dad-to-be shared Friday .
The beautifully lit outdoor photograph features the 23-year-old model holding Ronaldo 's 3-month-old twins while looking over at the athlete 's son Cristiano Jr. , 7 , who appears to be reading to the trio .
“ Picture of the day ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ , ” Ronaldo , 32 , captioned the serene snap .
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
Picture of the day ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ A post shared by Cristiano Ronaldo ( @ cristiano ) on Oct 6 , 2017 at 8:58am PDT
Felices amorosos buenos días ❤️👸🏻👸🏻👸🏻☀️♥️✨ # amor A post shared by Georgina Rodríguez ( @ georginagio ) on Sep 30 , 2017 at 2:27am PDT
RELATED VIDEO : Cristiano Ronaldo Celebrates His Growing Modern Family in Cute Snap with Children and Expectant Girlfriend
The sweet photo follows one the soccer pro shared Monday of himself , Cristiano Jr. and the twins — whose names are reportedly Mateo and Eva Maria — posing in front of a portrait of Ronaldo 's father José Dinis Aveiro , who died in 2005 .
“ You will always be with us , ” Ronaldo wrote in Portuguese on Instagram to accompany the tribute , tacking on praying hands and heart emojis .
Although Rodriguez was absent from Monday 's photo , she is a regular on Ronaldo 's Instagram account as part of his gorgeous growing family .
Así he comenzado hoy el día : bailando de buena mañana . ¡¡¡Feliz jueves a tod @ s ! ! ! 💃🏻✨❤️ A post shared by Georgina Rodríguez ( @ georginagio ) on Sep 28 , 2017 at 4:03am PDT
FROM PEN : Watch Jennifer Lopez Tear Up Remembering Her Twins Being Born
RELATED GALLERY : Party of Five ! Cristiano Ronaldo 's Sweetest Family Photos
The expectant mama — whom Ronaldo confirmed was pregnant in July , weeks after welcoming his twins via surrogate — posed for a maternity photoshoot in August , telling ¡Hola ! in the accompanying interview that she is “ very family oriented ” and dedicated to “ living a healthy lifestyle . ”
“ I love kids , nature and animals , ” she said , in Spanish . “ I like to surround myself with those who inspire me to be a better person every day and who have good energy . ”
The Summit Checking Account from Aspiration has free access to every ATM in the world , no monthly service fees , and — here 's the best part — you earn up to 100x more interest on your checking account .
NEW YORK — Stephen Colbert did n't waste any time in this interview with Anthony Scaramucci Monday night asking the former White House communications director about Donald Trump 's response following Saturday 's violence in Charlottesville , Virginia .
“ I promised you no gotcha questions , but I 'm going to lead with one , ” the “ Late Show ” host said . “ Nazis , good or bad ? ”
“ Super bad , ” Scaramucci responded .
This led Colbert to ask why Scaramucci thought the president would “ shank a softball like that so hard ” with his comments on Saturday rather than just condemning “ the people who were there to start violence . ”
Scaramucci echoed the words he used on ABC 's “ This Week ” on Sunday , telling the CBS host that the president needed to be “ way harsher ” and “ should 've condemned white supremacism and Neo-Nazis . ”
“ It was late , I 'm not going to say it was n't , but he did go to the White House today and he did make a statement that was very declarative against it , ” Scaramucci said .
He then added that the President is a “ compassionate person , ” which led to boos from the “ Late Show ” audience . Scaramucci then later reiterated the point that Trump did condemn the Nazis on Monday .
“ Two days later , ” Colbert said back . “ Does he order his spine on Amazon Prime ? Why did it take so long ? ”
The conversation between Colbert and Scaramucci was contentious yet civil leading the “ Late Show ” host to press the former White House official about his short time at the White House .
“ It 's a tough place . There was a lot of infighting . The front stabber was backstabbed , ” Scaramucci said remarking on a joke Colbert made a few weeks ago . “ I have a tendency to be very open and very honest with people , what ends up happening there is people do n't do that . ”
Colbert then asked if Scaramucci was brought in to get rid of former chief of staff , Reince Priebus .
“ I do n't want to say it that way , ” Scaramucci said , dodging the question .
“ Say it like ‘ The Mooch , ' ” Colbert joked .
“ So The Mooch from Long Island would say there 's no love lost there , ” Scaramucci said .
Colbert also talked to Scaramucci about Steve Bannon , asking if the White House chief strategist would be gone in a week .
“ That 's up to the president , ” Scaramucci said .
“ Yeah , but what does ‘ The Mooch ' think ? ” Colbert responded .
“ If it was up to me , he would be gone , ” he said . “ But it 's not up to me . ”
The interview between the two ended on a jovial note with Scaramucci giving Colbert a knife in a case as a gift .
“ Now , listen , after he hit me so hard for three weeks he thought I was going to stab him with that , ” Scaramucci said . “ That 's why it 's in the case . ”
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Local activists are disappointed with the condition of the city 's Terryland Forest Park ten months into Galway 's Green Leaf programme .
Brendan Smith of Terryland Forest Park Alliance claims the park has lost its only groundskeeper this week .
The city council has not responded to queries by FYI Galway at this time .
Local environmental activists say the city council has not done enough to support the title of European Green leaf city .
Several groups met with Green leaf co-ordinator Arlene Finn this week to discuss their concerns .
Brendan Smith says time is running out for Galway to establish a legacy as a Green Leaf City .
U.S.-supported Iraqi government troops and Iran-allied Shiite militiamen have reportedly retaken the “ last ” Islamic State ( ISIS/ISIL ) bastion in northern Iraq , marking the latest sign that the jihadist group 's so-called caliphate in the region is dwindling .
In cooperation with U.S. troops , Iraqi government forces and Iran-backed Shiite Popular Mobilization Units/Forces ( PMU/PMF ) captured the northern Iraqi town of Hawija and the surrounding territory in the disputed province of Kirkuk , claimed by both Shiite-led Baghdad and the mainly Sunni Kurdistan Regional Government ( KRG ) .
advertisement
“ With the fall of Hawija , which lies near the Kurdish-held oil city of Kirkuk , the only area that remains under control of Islamic State in Iraq is a stretch alongside the western border with Syria , where the militant group is also in retreat , ” reports Reuters .
The U.S.-backed offensive to dislodge ISIS from the Hawija area , where the United Nations believes up to 78,000 people could be trapped , began on September 21 .
Reuters quotes a statement on the battle in and around Hawija issued by the joint operations commander in Iraq , Lt. Gen. Abdul Ameer Rasheed Yarallah , saying , “ The army 's 9th armored division , the Federal Police , the Emergency Response division and … Popular Mobilization liberated Hawija . ”
Although the Institute for the Study of War and other analysts have linked Iran-backed Shiite militiamen to U.S. military casualties in Iraq , the PMU , also known as and Hashd al-Shaabi , has participated in U.S.-supported operations against ISIS in the region .
The U.S. military has praised the PMU 's contributions to the fight against ISIS .
ISIS still controls the northern Iraqi border town of al-Qaim near Syria and the region surrounding it .
Nevertheless , Reuters declares :
Islamic State 's cross-border “ caliphate ” [ in Iraq and Syria ] effectively collapsed in July , when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces captured Mosul , the group 's de facto capital in Iraq , in a grueling battle which lasted nine months . The militants ' leader , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , who declared the caliphate from Mosul in mid-2014 , released an audio recording last week that indicated he was alive , after several reports he had been killed . He urged his followers to keep up the fight despite setbacks .
ISIS losses have “ dramatically accelerated ” since American President Donald Trump took office early this year , according to a high-ranking U.S. Department of State ( DOS ) official .
In August , Breitbart News learned from Brett McGurk , the DOS special envoy to the U.S.-led anti-ISIS coalition , that the alliance had seized nearly 80 percent of the territory ISIS is believed to have controlled at the pinnacle of its reign of terror in Iraq and Syria in early 2015 .
Conversely , ISIS still controls up to 8,000 square miles or more than 20 percent of its so-called caliphate .
Clearing ISIS out of northern Iraq has pushed the group towards the Iraqi border with Syria , where it faces opposition from troops loyal to Iran and Russian-backed dictator Bashar al-Assad as well as U.S.-allied Kurds who control the northern part of the country .
Reuters acknowledges that the fight in Hawija has brought the Iraqi forces face to face with their Kurdish Peshmerga counterparts in Kirkuk .
Baghdad , Iran , Turkey , and Syria oppose the independence referendum held by the autonomous Iraqi Kurdistan region last Monday , citing concern that it will fuel separatism among its Kurdish population .
Although the Iraqi government has already imposed referendum-linked sanctions , PM Abadi conceded that he could understand the Kurds ' “ aspirations . ”
Reuters reports , “ The Kurds are the region 's fourth-largest ethnic group , spread across Iran , Turkey , Syria , and Iraq , all of which oppose any moves towards a Kurdish state . ”
The KRG , which has long expressed its desire to break away from Baghdad as an independent state , has remained steadfast in its commitment to become a sovereign nation .
Since Kurds overwhelmingly voted “ yes ” to independence , Baghdad , Tehran , and Ankara have threatened coordinated military retaliation if the KRG does not cancel the outcome of the referendum .
KRG officials have refused to let go of their independence wishes despite a low level of support from the international community , including the United States , which came out against the vote .
The PMU cautioned that it is willing to march on Kirkuk in response to the referendum .
Tensions between the PMU and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters in the disputed territory of northern Iraq had been brewing for months before the independence vote last Monday .
The vast majority of Kurds identify themselves as Sunni , but there are some Shiites in the Kurdistan region that covers areas of Iraq , Iran , Turkey , and Syria .
While the PMU is predominantly Shiite , the force includes a few Sunnis , Kurds , Yazidis , and even Christians , among other minorities in Iraq .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Lawmakers in Hawaii have asked state officials to update contingency plans and provide extra funding in anticipation of an attack from North Korea , amid escalating tensions between America and the communist state .
Last Thursday , the state 's House Public Safety Committee passed a resolution demanding extra resources for any potential attack , which includes the redevelopment of shelters last used during the Cold War .
Amongst other things , the resolution asks for the “ restocking of fallout shelter provisions , ” as well as calling on authorities to “ conduct public awareness campaigns to ready the public for a nuclear disaster . ”
“ At a time when we have this kind of saber-rattling and really blustering foreign policy , it does make people a little nervous , ” said House Public Safety Committee Vice Chairman Matt LePresti . “ They have n't been updated since 1985 . I was 11 years old when they were last updated . Many of the buildings that are on the fallout shelter list do n't exist anymore . ”
Many experts have warned that Hawaii may be the first point of any potential North Korean attack , with its location in the mid-Pacific ocean far more reachable than the American west coast .
The remote island is located 4,660 miles from North Korea , while Los Angeles remains approximately 5,800 miles in distance . An analysis carried by the BBC suggests that North Korea possesses over 1,000 missiles , all with ranging capabilities .
Some of their weapons , including the Taepodong-2 ballistic missile , have an intercontinental range , meaning they can travel up to 5000 miles , just short of the American coastline .
The request comes amidst rising tensions between the U.S. and North Korea , with Donald Trump warning last week that he was sending “ an armada ” into the region to fend off any potential threat .
Meanwhile , on Sunday , North Korean forces held a military parade to celebrate the 105th birthday of former leader Kim il-Sung , who remains the country 's “ eternal leader. ” However , reports from South Korea also indicated that the country 's planned missile launch , intended to be a show of strength , ended in failure .
On Monday , Vice President Mike Pence visited the Korean demilitarized zone , also the border between South and North . In an interview with CNN , Pence said that “ the people in North Korea should make no mistake that the United States of America and our allies will see to the security of this region and see to the security of the people of our country . ”
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ ben_kew , or email him at bkew @ breitbart.com
EMILY RATAJKOWSKI
While the model posts her fair share of # TBT snapshots , we ca n't help but fawn over this one in particular — a pint-sized Ratajkowski cuddling with her dad . `` You are my dear friend and my greatest inspiration , '' she wrote on Instagram in honor of her father 's birthday .
IN UNISON - Members of the local choir Soliloquy enjoy a rehearsal time . Soliloquy , along with two other choirs ( ihana and Brioso ) will be performing Feb. 10th in Red Deer . Don Beauchesne photo
There is nothing like belting out a few fabulous tunes to melt away the stress of any given day .
That 's the way Lisa Ward sees it – the energetic and inspiring director of three local choirs – ihana , Soliloquy and Brioso .
The three groups are set to perform in an already sold-out show entitled ‘ Happily Ever After ' Feb. 10th at the First Christian Reformed Church .
“ This is the first year that all of the groups will be performing , because it 's the debut performance for our children 's choir Brioso , ” said Ward . “ So yes , they will be making their debut , and they are going to be very cute , ” she added , smiling .
Altogether , 16 numbers will be featured in this show .
“ Twelve of them are choir numbers , and four of them are duets or small groups from within the choirs .
“ There 's everything from Disney stuff , some Leonard Cohen , some Pentatonix in there , some Simon and Garfunkel – we are talking a diverse line-up ! It 's been fun , ” she said , adding how challenging it is to choose tunes from the countless choices that are always available come each and every performance .
“ There are literally millions of songs , so it 's kind of like finding the needle in the haystack . ”
As to the choirs , Brioso started up four years ago , and members will also be taking part in the Red Deer Symphony Orchestra 's annual Choir Kids event later this spring as well . “ We 're going to be part of that this year which is great . ”
But beyond the Feb. 10th performance , Ward is always looking for new folks in the community to audition for one of the choirs . These days , it 's really about getting the word out about these choirs and the extensive opportunities they provide for participants to hone their skills in a fun environment .
Soliloquy has been going strong for about 14 years now , and ihana has been running for eight years come the end of this season .
Brioso Children 's Choir is aimed at the younger set ( Grades 1 to 9 ) , ihana Youth Choir is for those aged 15 to 24 and Soliloquy Mixed Chorus is for those 20 and over . ​
They all fall under the umbrella of the Choral Singers Unite Society ( CSUS ) – a group of choirs based out of Red Deer that provides musical opportunities to people of all ages in Central Alberta .
For Ward , she loves every minute of it – teaching , directing and watching the singers grow in their skills and confidence .
“ If you find something that is not only your passion , but something you feel really connected to – it does n't matter how tired I am or what 's been going on , when I get into rehearsal , working with these groups of people that have chosen to be there , it 's a whole different world , ” she said .
“ There 's an opportunity to not only be creative , but there is connection . When I 'm standing in front of a group , I 'm watching them sometimes having these ‘ a-ha ' moments when they are thinking , ‘ I can do this ' or ‘ This sounds fantastic ' , ” she explained , adding that the sense of community is inspiring in and of itself .
On that note , she encourages folks to audition and discover the many benefits of musical expression .
“ When we get into rehearsals , the music just works through me and I think it allows us to do a lot more than any of us could singularly accomplish . ”
For more information about the choirs or the auditioning process , check out www.choirsreddeer.com .
European Council President Donald Tusk meets with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras at the Maximos Mansion in Athens , Greece , April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Michalis Karagiannis
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras waits to welcome European Council President Donald Tusk at the Maximos Mansion in Athens , Greece , April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Michalis Karagiannis
European Council President Donald Tusk ( R ) speaks with Greek Prime Minister AlexisTsipras as he leaves the Maximos Mansion in Athens , Greece , April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Michalis Karagiannis
European Council President Donald Tusk ( R ) and Greek Prime Minister AlexisTsipras exit the Maximos Mansion after a meeting in Athens , Greece , April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Michalis Karagiannis
European Council President Donald Tusk ( R ) speaks with Greek Prime Minister AlexisTsipras as he leaves the Maximos Mansion in Athens , Greece , April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Michalis Karagiannis
European Council President Donald Tusk ( R ) speaks with Greek Prime Minister AlexisTsipras as he leaves the Maximos Mansion in Athens , Greece , April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Michalis Karagiannis
ATHENS Greece and its international lenders are close to concluding a long-stalled bailout review , EU Council President Donald Tusk said on Wednesday .
`` We are close to concluding this demanding procedure , '' said Tusk after meeting Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras in Athens . `` We have to be contained on optimism but I feel more optimistic . ''
Talks between Greece , the European Union and the Washington-based International Monetary Fund have dragged on for months due to differences over Greece 's fiscal progress , labor and energy market reforms , rekindling worries of a new crisis in Europe .
A new rift between Athens and the IMF over fiscal issues and labor reforms has dealt a blow to an initial accord , dashing hopes for a bailout review deal before a meeting of euro zone finance ministers on Friday .
( Reporting by Angeliki Koutantou and George Georgiopoulos )
A 25-year-old man was airlifted for treatment after a firework exploded while in his hands in West Puente Valley on Monday , sheriff 's officials said .
Scroll for more content ...
The incident occurred around 9:30 a.m. in the 13600 block of Homeward Street in Bassett , an unincorporated area in the San Gabriel Valley , said Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Lt. Rector .
Both the man 's hands were injured and he may end up losing one of them , authorities said .
A photo tweeted by the sheriff 's Special Enforcement Bureau showed the man with both hands heavily bandaged as he was flown to the L.A. County+USC Medical Center .
Capt . Tim Murakami tweeted that the incident was a `` Sad story '' and a `` Reminder of fireworks danger . ''
Neighbors told KTLA they 've been hearing large fireworks detonated repeatedly over the past two weeks .
`` It 's getting worse , '' Paul Massie said . `` They 're getting louder and they 're flying in the air . I have dry grass ; I 'm afraid of fires . ''
Massie added that the explosions have been `` traumatic '' for his dog , who has taken to hiding under a bed .
Authorities have not released further details on the incident .
KTLA 's Nidia Becerra contributed to this report .
When William Cornick murdered Ann Maguire at Corpus Christi Catholic College in Leeds two years ago , he became the first pupil to kill a teacher in a British classroom .
But police figures show at least 38 weapons were seized in or near West Yorkshire schools during 2016 – the equivalent of three every month .
They include lock knives , stanley knives and craft knives as well as four knuckle dusters and a pistol .
The most commonly held though were kitchen knives , with 13 seized by police during the course of the year .
In addition , at least 52 offences of possessing a weapon were recorded where the item was not specified .
It is little wonder then , that police recognise the need to teach schoolchildren about the risks to themselves and others if they decide to carry a weapon .
It might seem unnecessary to be teaching younger children about the dangers of carrying weapons , but one Freedom of Information request reveals that the youngest child in West Yorkshire to have a weapon confiscated between 2013 and 2015 was just seven years old .
The same data showed that almost 60 per cent of the pupils who had weapons confiscated from them at school during that period were aged between 11 and 14 years old .
Chief Insp Alisa Newman said the reasons for young people carrying a weapon can be varied , but bullying or fear of becoming a victim of crime can both be factors .
“ There 's certainly cases where people may feel it does give them a level of protection , ” she said .
“ Part of the education and engagement is looking at why they might feel pressurised and look at the broader issues that may be affecting a community or school . It 's just as important as taking the weapon away . ”
A still image taken from a video uploaded by the Ghouta Media Centre on April 30 , 2017 , purportedly shows members of the Jaysh al-Islam rebel group firing on residents protesting against fighting between rebel factions , in an area said to be in Eastern Ghouta , Damascus , Syria . Social Media Website via Reuters TV
A still image taken from a video uploaded by the Ghouta Media Centre on April 30 , 2017 , purportedly shows gunmen as residents protest against fighting between rebel factions , in an area said to be in Eastern Ghouta , Damascus , Syria . Social Media Website via Reuters TV
BERLIN Expanding the number of countries involved in Russian-backed peace talks for Syria could offer a chance to jumpstart negotiations on a political solution , Germany 's top official for Russia policy said in an interview published on Tuesday .
Gernot Erler suggested that German Chancellor Angela Merkel could raise the issue with Russian President Vladimir Putin when they meet in Sochi , Russia later on Tuesday .
`` We have to acknowledge that all previous peace efforts have failed , '' Erler told the Berliner Zeitung newspaper , noting that neither the U.N. initiative led by diplomat Staffan de Mistura nor the Russia-brokered ceasefire had led to tangible results .
`` As a result we have to think of something new . I think the German side should ask Putin if he can imagine including more countries in the negotiations . That could offer an opportunity to at least organise a negotiating process , '' he said .
He said it was clear that a solution to ending the war in Syria was now unthinkable without the participation of Russia , whose military intervention has shifted the course of the six-year-old war in favour of its ally , President Bashar al-Assad .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told news agencies on Saturday that Moscow was ready to cooperate with the United States on settling the Syrian crisis .
Interfax also quoted Lavrov 's deputy , Mikhail Bogdanov , as saying the armed Syrian opposition would participate in the next round of Russian-backed peace talks in Kazakhstan 's capital Astana on May 3-4 , which will also involve Iran and Turkey .
Erler rejected a suggestion by Jordan 's King Abdullah that the West should accept Russia 's 2014 annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine and stop criticising Moscow to encourage Putin to drop his support for Assad .
`` I consider that a dubious idea . It would mix up two issues that have nothing to do with each other , '' Erler said .
He said U.S. President Donald Trump initially appeared to favour such a `` deal '' but had since realised that foreign policy crises could not be handled like real estate transactions .
Russia has vetoed eight resolutions on Syria to shield Assad 's government from action , most recently blocking condemnation of a chemical weapons attack last month that killed dozens of people , including many children . China has backed Russia and vetoed six resolutions .
Erler said Merkel would also press Moscow to uphold its written commitments under the Minsk peace process aimed at ending the violence in eastern Ukraine .
He said Merkel would assure Putin that sanctions against Moscow could be lifted quickly if Moscow demonstrated its resolve to implement the Minsk agreement .
`` But Moscow has known that for some time , so the ability to add pressure is very limited , '' he said .
( Reporting by Andrea Shalal ; Editing by Mark Trevelyan )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. -- The River City rolled out the red carpet to kick off of the 2018 Richmond International Film Festival Tuesday night .
More than 150 films , from 35 countries will screen between the Byrd Theatre , Bowtie Movieland , as well as Criterion Cinema .
The week-long showcase kicked off opening night with the film Nona ; A feature about sex trafficking in Central America .
The movie was written and directed by prominent filmmaker Michael Polish . Actress and Polish 's wife , Kate Bosworth was also one of the film 's producers .
Together Bosworth and Polish presented the film and sat down with CBS 6 reporter Laura French .
`` I 'm so honored to be here in Richmond and part of a festival in a community that 's embraced Nona and really joined us in an effort to make a difference against human trafficking , ” said Bosworth . “ Hopefully audiences can gain a certain amount of empathy and thus educate themselves more and want to be a part of the solution . ''
`` It 's more of a psychological… how does somebody get involved in this ? What 's the brain washing technique ? The end result is now everywhere . I would like audiences to come away and say , ‘ I just did n't know about that , ' ” said Polish .
The Richmond International Film Festival opening night was moderated by CBS 6 anchor Cheryl Miller .
Download the official event guide .
Species listed by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) face the threat of illegal harvesting and trafficking in 45 % of the more than 200 natural world heritage sites on the planet , WWF says
GENEVA , Switzerland – Illegal poaching , logging and fishing of sometimes critically endangered species is taking place in nearly half of the world 's most protected natural sites , environmental campaigners WWF warned Tuesday , April 18 .
Natural world heritage sites such as Australia 's Great Barrier Reef , Virunga National Park in the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Galapagos Islands support large populations of rare plant and animal species .
But in a report WWF said species listed by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) faced the threat of illegal harvesting and trafficking in 45 % of the more than 200 natural world heritage sites on the planet .
`` Natural world heritage sites are among the most recognized natural sites for their universal value , '' said Marco Lambertini , head of WWF International .
`` Yet many are threatened by destructive industrial activities and ... their often unique animals and plants are also affected by overexploitation and trafficking , '' he added , stressing that `` unless they are protected effectively , we will lose them forever . ''
Almost a third of the world 's remaining 3,890 wild tigers and 40 % of all African elephants are found in UNESCO-listed sites , which are often a last refuge for critically endangered species such as the Javan rhino in Indonesia , the report said .
'Brink of extinction '
Illegal poaching , logging and fishing inside such sites is therefore `` driving endangered species to the brink of extinction '' , WWF warned .
The species most at risk because of illegal activity within natural world heritage sites is probably the vaquita , the world 's smallest porpoise , which is indigenous to Mexico 's Gulf of California , Colman O'Criodain , WWF 's wildlife policy manager , told Agence France-Presse .
While the vaquita itself is not being fished illegally , it is being caught in nets used to poach the totoaba – a giant Mexican fish coveted in China for its swim bladder , which itself is considered a threatened species .
`` When I started working on the issue of vaquita two years ago , there were 96 left . Now it is less than 30 , '' O'Criodain said , adding that at the current rate the tiny porpoise could be extinct within a year .
According to Tuesday 's report , poaching of vulnerable and endangered animal species such as elephants , rhinos and tigers occurs in 42 of the UNESCO-listed natural sites , while illegal logging of rosewood , ebony and other valuable plant species happens in 26 of them .
Illegal fishing , including of sharks and rays occurs in 18 of 39 listed marine coastal world heritage sites , it said .
'Double outrage '
Such illegal activities inside what should be the best-protected sites on the planet are `` a double outrage , '' O'Criodain said .
`` We 're talking about very iconic species , and we are also talking about iconic sites , '' he said , demanding more efforts at the national and international level to beat the trend .
But it is difficult to fight the illegal wildlife trade , which rakes in between $ 15-20 billion ( 14.1- 18.8 billion euros ) annually , making it the fourth largest illegal global trade , after drugs , counterfeiting and human trafficking , according to UN numbers .
At the same time , the illegal timber trade , which is responsible for up to 90 % of all deforestation in major tropical countries , is valued at between $ 30-100 billion annually .
There are large economic interests in bringing an end to such illegal activities , especially inside world heritage sites , WWF said .
This is because poaching and trafficking inside these sites threatens not only species , but also livelihoods and entire tourist industries .
Africa is estimated to lose up to $ 25 million per year in lost tourism due to elephant poaching , while the illegal rosewood trade has , over a two-year period , cost the people of Madagascar up to $ 200 million in lost income , the report found . – Rappler.com
[ India ] , Mar . 20 ( ANI ) : Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( DMK ) working president MK Stalin on Tuesday urged the Tamil Nadu government to immediately stop the Ram Rajya Rath Yatra from entering the state .
Stalin said , `` The Rath Yatra will disturb the communal harmony and peace in the state . ''
Meanwhile , section 144 has been enforced in Tirunelveli after some miscreants announced a protest against the Yatra , organised by the Vishva Hindu Parishad . The section will be imposed until March 23 .
The Rama Rajya Rath Yatra was flagged off by the Sree Rama Dasa Mission Universal Society from Ayodhya on February 13 .
This rath yatra will enter Puliyarai in Tirunelveli on March 20 via Punalur in Kerala and pass through Sengottai , Ilangi , Tenkasi , Kadayanalloor , Puliyangudi , Vasudevanalloor , Sivagiri and proceed to Rameswaram via Rajapalayam and Madurai . ( ANI )
× Search for hiker in Olympic National Park suspended
BREMERTON , Wash. — The Mason County Sheriff 's Office has suspended its search for a 20-year-old hiker missing in Olympic National Park for the past week .
The Kitsap Sun reports that Zach Krull had been hiking alone near Lake Cushman when he was reported overdue April 10 .
Search teams were hindered by bad weather and severe avalanche danger . Sheriff 's Lt. Jason Dracobly says a helicopter crew on Friday did see a set of footprints that vanished near a slide , but they could n't confirm it was Krull 's .
Krull was a new transfer to The Evergreen State College in Olympia . His family told the sheriff 's office he was well-equipped but apparently did not have an avalanche beacon .
Search crews found Krull 's tent in the Staircase campground along with some of his belongings .
The Ocean Springs Greyhounds traveled to Bay St. Louis Monday night for a clash with the St. Stanislaus Rockachaws . The Class 6A Greyhounds , Region 7/6A champs beat the Region 8/4A champs 4-0 .
It was senior night for the Rockachaws . Head coach Mark Logan honored the young men along with their parents before the game .
Ocean Springs jumped out of the gate quickly by scoring 3 runs in the top of the first inning . Brian Cates belted a double down the right field line that scored Cooper Brune from third base . Brune led off the game with a single .
Garrett Crochet hit a bouncer between the Rockachaws third baseman and shortstop . Cates raced safely to home plate and Crochet was safe at first .
Chance Goley belted a sacrifice fly ball into right field that plated Crochet and that was all the Greyhounds would need to secure win No . 16 against 12 losses . The Greyhounds had won the District title with a 7-3 record . The Rockachaws dropped to 14-9 overall . St. Stanislaus had won the District title with an 8-2 record .
Ocean Springs pitcher Malcolm Beaugez posted his first win of the season and got the shutout .
Long Beach defeated Biloxi 5-3 . Bearcats pitcher Dylan Collins posted the win and helped his own cause with a solo-home run . Kai VanCourt had the game winning hit .
Gulfport posted its seventh shutout of the season with a 6-0 victory over Oak Forest Academy .
Columbia Academy beat St. Martin 9-3 .
Newton County Academy blanked Christian Collegiate Academy 7-0 .
Copyright 2017 WLOX . All Rights Reserved .
Indian shares end lower ; financials hit by profit-taking
June 15 Indian shares fell on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers , while soft U.S. economic data , a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world 's largest economy hurt sentiment .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PRINCE GEORGE COUNTY , Va. -- A driver was killed in an overnight crash on Route 460 , according to a Prince George County Police spokesperson .
The driver died when a tractor trailer and a pick-up truck collided head-on along the 8700 block of County Drive ( Route 460 ) near Disputanta .
Police have not yet said which truck driver , the tractor trailer driver or the pick-up truck driver , was killed .
The crash was reported at about 1:30 a.m. Monday .
Police closed Route 460 for clean-up and investigation for several overnight hours .
The road reopened just before 5 a.m .
This is a developing story . You may submit a news tip here .
GREENVILLE – The Greenville girls basketball team suffered its first Greater Western Ohio Conference loss of the season on Monday , falling 56-38 to Vandalia-Butler .
“ We lost by 18 , but I do n't feel confident saying that they 're 18 points better than what we are , ” Greenville coach Rachel Kerns said . “ But we win as a team , we lose as a team . And tonight we did n't do everything as a team . These are the kinds of outings we have when we do n't have the whole team , the whole team 's not doing their role tonight . ”
Butler led throughout the game on Monday as the Aviators jumped out to a 13-6 first quarter lead . They increased their lead to 19-11 in the second quarter .
“ We ca n't score 11 points in a half , ” Kerns said . “ We were lucky to even be in the game at the half . We just had way too many turnovers . Things that we had been doing well up until this game we just kind of let them go out the door . I think we ended up with 21 turnovers , and when you have 21 turnovers and you 're not shooting free throws it 's not a very good combination . ”
To get back into the game , Kerns wanted her team to focus on getting to the free throw line . However , the Lady Wave were unable to accomplish that as they only took four foul shots all night while Butler took 32 .
“ Part of that 32 is skewed a little bit because we had to foul towards the end of the game , but they were much more aggressive going to the basket than what we were , ” Kerns said . “ At halftime , this was one of the first times that what we talked about we did n't come out and do . Our main focus was finding a way to get to the free throw line , and we just did n't do it . ”
Even without getting to the free throw line , Greenville did increase its offensive output in the third quarter and scored 10 points . However , the Lady Wave still trailed 32-21 at the end of the quarter .
Greenville was forced to foul in the fourth quarter to try to work its way back into the game , and three Lady Wave players fouled out . Butler was able to make its free throws down the stretch and won 56-38 .
Saki Nakamura led Greenville with 11 points on Monday . Also for the Lady Wave , Payton Brandenburg scored 10 points , Morgan Gilbert scored 7 , Jada Garland scored 6 , Addie Haupt scored 2 , and Annie Hayes scored 2 .
Tyree Fletcher led Butler with a game-high 15 points . Also for the Aviators , Willow Knight scored 11 points , Abbie Schoenherr scored 11 , Jacie Dalton scored 10 , Maddie Mitchell scored 4 , Natalie Maurer scored 2 , Gracie Price scored 2 , and Caitlin Plummer scored 1 .
Greenville fell to 3-2 overall and 1-1 in the GWOC with Monday 's loss while Butler improved to 3-2 overall and 2-0 in the GWOC . Greenville will return to action on Wednesday with a home game against Tippecanoe .
Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate Greenville 's Morgan Gilbert dribbles the ball up the court during a Greater Western Ohio Conference girls basketball game against Vandalia-Butler on Monday in Greenville . Greenville 's Morgan Gilbert dribbles the ball up the court during a Greater Western Ohio Conference girls basketball game against Vandalia-Butler on Monday in Greenville . Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner kshaner @ aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Speech to Text for 4th of July Fun in Downtown Terre Haute
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video . Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate .
celebrations going on for the `` 4th of july '' today . one of the events -- is making sure kids get outside and be active . news 10 's kiley thomas is live in terre haute to explain what 's happening today . ////////// mother nature is bringing the heat today -- but that 's not stopping wabash valley runners . starting around `` 8 '' this mornin -- runners will hit wabash avenue for the annual mile race . it starts on brown bul-a- vard and maple . the race will finish by the isu stadium . drivers please be aware runners will be flooding the area you see highlighted . there will be `` 6 '' different heats . the final heat -- including the entire family . all of the money raised this morning will go to the youth running program with the wabash valley runners . now if running is n't your thing -- there 's another celebration you can get involved with later today . what that is -- 30 minutes . live -- kt news 10. you wo n't be able to cool off today -- at the north knox swim-land us about some fourth of july fun happening this morning . the `` 4th of july '' is in full swing here at news 10 ! what better way to celebrate than to hit the streets of terre haute for the annual 4th of july parade . it 's quiet right now -- but here in a few hours the street will be lined with horses .. buggies .. and `` hundreds '' of people dressed up for the holiday . this is the `` 73rd '' year for the frontier day parade in terre haute . you 're looking at video from last year 's parade . horses .. buggies .. and `` hundreds '' of people will line line the streets of downtown . the fun starts at `` 9-45 '' this morning . the parade begins at `` fourth street and goes down wabash . then it turns on 9th street all the way down to chestnut . you can see it right there on your screen . then it will make the loop around 8th as well . all of those roads will be closed until `` 1 '' pm today . you can watch from the street `` or '' even ride in the lineup yourself . hope to see you there ! live -- kt news 10. changes to terre haute 's dance permit ordinance --
HONG KONG , March 31 ( IFR ) - Asia credit markets were stable in light trading on Friday as more investors moved to the sidelines at the end of the first quarter .
`` The market remained stable after CK Hutchison 's US $ 1.8bn offering , suggesting that overall sentiment was still supportive , '' said a Hong Kong-based credit trader .
`` However , flow was not strong as most investors sat on the sidelines at the end of quarter , '' he said .
Hong Kong conglomerate CK Hutchison Holdings ' new 2022s were spotted 2bp tighter and its new 2027s were 3bp tighter .
The iTraxx Asia IG index , which has rolled into Series 27 , was little changed at 94/95bp .
Fullerton Health 's new US dollar perps were quoted at 100.5/101 .
In the high-yield sector , China Evergrande Group 's 9.50 % 7-year non-call four senior notes , issued last week , were bid at around 111 in cash price , according to another trader .
China Strategic Holdings disclosed in a filing to the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong on Wednesday night that a subsidiary of the company bought US $ 50m of Evergrande 's 9.50 % 2024s .
Meanwhile , Chinese commodities trading and logistics group Tewoo Group 's new 2020s and 2022s were spotted 20bp tighter as the notes were chased by return-hungry Chinese investors , traders said .
( Reporting by Ina Zhou ; Editing by Vincent Baby )
The remains of a burnt dinghy boat following a rescue operation by the Libyan Coast Guard is seen in central Mediterranean Sea . According to the Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms , the rescue performed by the Libyan Coast Guard took place about 40 ... more
The remains of a burnt dinghy boat following a rescue operation by the Libyan Coast Guard is seen in central Mediterranean Sea . According to the Spanish NGO Proactiva Open Arms , the rescue performed by the Libyan Coast Guard took place about 40 nautical miles from the Libyan coast , northeast of the city of Al Khums . REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
Close
EVERETT , Wash. ( AP ) — Boeing will issue hundreds of layoff notices to engineers in Washington state this week .
The Daily Herald reported Monday that a memo from the company 's vice president of engineering for Boeing Commercial Airplanes , John Hamilton , says the cuts are necessary to stay competitive .
Hamilton also said in the memo that more cuts in engineering could come later this year .
Bill Dugovich , spokesman for the union representing the engineers , the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace ( SPEEA ) , told the Everett Herald that they knew additional layoffs were coming but that the “ abruptness of this announcement was surprising . ”
He told the Herald that they had pressed the company for further information about which employees are likely to be affected and was told that Boeing was working on that .
In just over the past year , Boeing Commercial Airplanes reduced its workforce by more than 9,000 , mainly through buyouts and retirements .
At the end of March , the division employed nearly 74,200 people , down from over 83,000 at the end of 2015 .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
YWCA Good Beginnings is looking for volunteers . YWCA Good Beginnings program is a mother and infant volunteer assistance program for residents of Hamilton and surrounding area . It provides free in-home support for mothers who experience challenges adjusting after giving birth , feel overwhelmed or are at risk of postpartum depression ; 522-9922 , ext . 310 .
Sherwood Secondary School 's 50th reunion committee is looking for former grads to help out . Reunion is Oct. 21 . Call 383-3377 , ext . 549 or email sherwood50anniversary @ gmail.com . See sherwood50.ca .
VON Hamilton is looking for volunteers to assist in the adult day centre tending their new community garden and spending time one-on-one or in group activities with clients . Volunteers needed to help deliver Meals on Wheels and to share social time and conversation visiting seniors in their home ; 529-0700 or voncsshamilton @ von.ca .
Volunteers are needed to help seniors get to their medical appointments . Flexible schedule and mileage reimbursement . Email : Janis.Doran @ von.ca or 529-0700
SELF-HELP
Nutrition Market , Oct. 7 , 5 to 6 p.m. Parkdale Medical Centre , 109-132 Parkdale Ave. S. Effective and authentic food for healing your body 's illness available in your neighbourhood grocery store . Cooking show Oct. 8 , 5 to 6:30 p.m. Nathalie Xian Yi Yan , PhD , 527-7255
Self-Esteem Network of Hamilton , I will take charge of my life , 5-week course Tuesdays , Oct. 10 to Nov. 7 , 6:30 to 9:30 p.m. 1429 Main St. E. $ 50 . Register : 312-1500 or selfestemnetwork.org
Improve Digestion , boost your mood , Oct. 11 , 2 p.m. Hamilton Public Library , Red Hill Branch , 695 Queenston Rd . Speaker : Dr. Jennifer Scott , ND .
Living Well with Diabetes , Oct. 11 , 6:30 to 7:30 p.m. Hamilton Public Library , Turnker Park Branch , 352 Rymal Rd . E. Learn more about medication , healthy eating , activity , preventing complications and blood sugar targets from health professionals . 546-4790
Interview Skills Workshop , Oct. 10 , 10 to 11 a.m. YMCA Employment Services , 427 Dundas St. E. , Unit 1 , Waterdown . Registration required , 690-9927 .
Multicultural Wellness Fair , Oct. 10 , 3:30 to 7 p.m. David Braley Health Sciences Centre , 100 Main St. W. Wellness information and resources , multicultural music , dance and food . Free
Balance Life and Chakas , Oct. 11 , 8 to 8:30 p.m. Grace Lutheran Church , 1107 Main St. W. Learn to create a balance in life through balancing and unblocking chakras using powerful meditation techniques . 8 week series . Schann , 226-929-7764
The a.r.t . of Fulfilment , ( action , reflection , transformation ) Oct. 12 , 7 p.m . Native Women 's Centre , 21 Rosedene Ave. $ 15 . Learn exercises to enhance and enrich daily life through inner happiness , good heart and clear mind . 296-3728
Alpha on Pearl , Oct. 10 , 6:30 to 9 p.m. Erskine Church , 19 Pearl St. N. Series of interactive sessions exploring the basics of the Christian faith . 529-2255
Carbohydrates , Oct. 11 , 9 to 11 a.m. St. Joseph 's Ambulatory Centre , 2757 King St. E. Everything you wanted to know about carbohydrates and more . Learn which foods have carbohydrates and how counting carbohydrates can help control your blood sugar . Register by Oct. 9 , 573-4819
Friends in Grief , adult loss , Oct. 9 , 1:30 to 3:30 p.m. St. Elizabeth Village , 393 Rymal Rd . W. To Nov. 6 weekly adult loss support group . Spousal loss support Oct. 10 , 12:30 to 2:30 p.m. Bay Gardens Funeral Home , 947 Rymal Rd . E. 318-0059 .
Refuge Recovery , Oct. 8 , 6 to 7 p.m. De La Sol Yoga Studios , 439 York Blvd . Mindfulness-based addiction recovery community that practices and utilizes Buddhist philosophy as the foundation of the recovery process . 807-1831
Mental Health Rights Coalition , # 103 — 100 Main St. E. Need to talk about mental health or addiction issues ? Peer Support 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. , Monday to Friday . 545-2525 or mentalhealthrights.ca
TOPS , Take Off Pounds Sensibly , Wednesdays , 9 a.m. St. Stephen-on-the-Mount Church , 625 Concession St. Diana 388-6335 or Joanne 574-8318
Depression , anxiety , fears and panic attacks . Recovery Canada has a program that will help . Weekly meetings available . 304-6802 or visit recoverycanada.org
MEETINGS
Probus Club of Hamilton , Oct. 10 , 9:30 to 11 a.m. Scottish Rite Club , 4 Queen St. S. Talk : Hamilton Community Foundation , contributions to our community .
Burlington Horticultural Society , Oct. 11 , 7:30 p.m. Burlington Seniors ' Centre , 2285 New St. Speaker : Wolf Bonham , Asian Botanical Adventure . Social 7 p.m .
Soroptimist Club of Stoney Creek Niagara , improving the lives of women and girls meet monthly on a Monday evening , in Stoney Creek near Eastgate . Marg : 628-3198
Unbuilt Hamilton , Oct. 10 , 7:30 p.m. Nash Jackson House , Battlefield Park , 77 King St. W. , Stoney Creek . Mark Osbaldeston , author of Unbuilt Hamilton , explores unrealized building , planning , and transportation proposals spanning two centuries . Free parking . Email : friendsofbattlefield @ gmail.com
Hope for Men Survivor 's Conference , for male survivors of sexual abuse , their families and those who work with them , Oct. 12 , 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. LIUNA Station , Continental Express Ballroom , 360 James St. N. Tickets : $ 25 include continental breakfast and lunch , goo.gl/R8bfvD
Grandparents Hamilton , No Access to Grandchildren support , Oct. 10 , 7 to 9 p.m. Burlington Golf and Country Club , 422 Northshore Blvd . E. , Burlington . ccnana1946 @ gmail.com or 537-6653
Valley Town Toastmasters , Oct. 12 , 7 p.m. Dundas Town Hall , lower level , 60 Main St. , Dundas . Topic : Thanksgiving . valleytowntoastmasters.com
Stoney Creek Toastmasters , open Thursdays , 7:15 p.m. , Optimist Club of Stoney Creek , 890 Queenston Rd . stoneycreektoastmasters.com
FUN TIMES
Trinidad and Tobago Association of Hamilton , Cultural Show and Dance Oct. 7 , 8 p.m. Ukrainian Catholic Church of the Resurrection , 821 Upper Wentworth St . Featuring Imbayakunas and other guest performers . 312-4548
Euchre , Fridays , 7:30 p.m. Burkholder United Church , 465 Mohawk Rd . E. Prizes , refreshments , $ 2 .
Community Bus , Oct. 6 , 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Walmart , 2190 Rymal Rd . E. Glanbrook Community Services , door to door shopping to Walmart , $ 7 . Reservations required : 692-3464
Hamilton Accordion Club , Oct. 12 , 7 p.m . Branch 622 Legion , 12 King St. E. , Stoney Creek . All ages . Featuring Neal Pupulin .
Women of Song , SSAA choir welcomes new members who love to sing . Practices begin Oct. 11 , 9:15 a.m. Melrose United Church , 86 Homewood Ave. 628-1608 Email : kathy.salata1 @ gmail.com
Snooker Men 's and Women 's House League , Oct. 12 , 6 p.m . Branch 163 Legion , 435 Limeridge Rd . E. Oct. to May , $ 4 week , $ 132 year . 905-385-3733
Steel City Wheelers , Oct. 11 , 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. social , learn how to dance . 34 Ottawa St. N. scwheelers.wix.com/steel-city-wheelers or Mavis 560-8194
Knitting and Crochet , Oct. 7 , 10 a.m. Hamilton Public Library , 103 Kenilworth Ave. N .
Progressive Cribbage , Oct. 11 , 7:30 p.m . Branch 163 Legion , 435 Limeridge Rd . E. $ 5 . 387-4515
Tai chi Mystyle , Oct. 8 , 10 a.m. to noon , 947 Rymal Rd . E. Free , easy flowing and practical at your own pace to learn . Daily rain or shine . 527-7255
Catch the Ace , Oct. 11 , 6:30 to 9:30 p.m . Branch 551 Legion , 79 Hamilton St. N. , Waterdown . Join Habitat Hamilton at our fundraiser . 689-6112
Adapted Pilates Exercise Class , Oct. 11 , 9:45 to 10:30 a.m. $ 5 PP . Glanbrook Arena , Upstairs room , 4300 Binbrook Rd. , Binbrook . 692-3464 or visit glanbrookcommunityservices.ca
Headin ' Home , dance , Oct. 7 , 7:30 p.m . Branch 163 Legion , 435 Limeridge Rd . E. $ 5 members , $ 6 nonmembers . 387-4515
Euchre , Tuesdays , 7 p.m . Branch 622 , Legion , 12 King St. E. , Stoney Creek . $ 2 . 662-4171
Karaoke with Dorrie , Saturdays , 8 p.m . Branch 622 , Legion , 12 King St. E. , Stoney Creek . 662-4171
Jammers , Wednesdays , 6:30 p.m . Branch 58 Legion , 1180 Barton St. E .
GOOD FOOD
Community Lunch , Oct. 11 , noon to 1 p.m. Church of the Resurrection , 435 Mohawk Rd . W. Delicious and nutritious lunch served Wednesdays . Donations appreciated .
Loonie Lunch , Oct. 11 , noon to 1:30 p.m. St. Andrew 's United Church , 479 Upper Paradise Rd . Homemade , nutritious lunch for $ 1 or donation , 383-7411
Fish Fry , 4 to 7 p.m. Oct. 13 , Branch 622 Legion , 12 King St. E. , Stoney Creek . $ 10 includes 2 pieces fish , fries , coleslaw , bun tea/coffee . Breaded chicken available , dessert $ 2 extra . 662-4171
Fish Fry , Fridays , 4 to 7 p.m. $ 5.75 to $ 10 . Branch 163 Legion , 435 Limeridge Rd . Karaoke with Annette , 7:30 p.m. 387-4515
PLANT , RUMMAGE , BAKE SALES AND MORE
Hamilton Japanese United Church Fall Bazaar , Oct. 14 , 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. 715 Upper Gage Ave. Homemade baked goods , Japanese food , dry goods , sweets and more .
Rummage Sale , Burlington Beta Sigma Phi , Oct. 13 , 2 to 6 p.m. St. Christopher 's Church , 662 Guelph Line , Burlington
Waterdown Farmers ' Market , Oct. 7 , 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. Waterdown Legion , Branch 551 , 79 Hamilton St. N. , Flamborough . 689-6112
Heritage Green Farmers Market , Oct. 12 , 3 to 7 p.m. 360 Isaac Brock Dr. , Stoney Creek . Rain or Shine . 870-5474
WALKS/RUNS/RIDES
Parkrun , Oct. 7 , 8 to 10 a.m . Waterfront Trail , Lakeview Building , 180 Van Wagners Beach Rd . Free weekly , timed 5k run , run by volunteers . beachstripoffice @ parkrun.com or 330-4463
Fifth Annual Stoma Stroll Awareness Walk , Oct. 7 , 10 a.m. registration , parking lot west of Barangas ( Burlington Beach Strip Trail ) Build awareness of Ostomies .
MISCELLANEOUS
A Night at the Opera , Oct. 12 , 5:30 p.m. Michelangelo Banquet Centre , 1555 Upper Ottawa St. Dr. Bob Kemp Hospice presents fashion show for men and women , food , live and silent auction . Tickets : $ 75 . 387-2448
Canada 150 Diwali , Hindu Samaj Women 's Outreach Group , Oct. 7 , 1 to 4 p.m. Hamilton City Hall , 2nd floor , 71 Main St. W. Settlement stories about East-Indian Canadians living in Hamilton since 1960 , entertainment and refreshments . Free .
Baha ' i Fireside , Oct. 11 , 8:30 p.m. 132 Hillcrest Ave. All people from all faiths or no faith welcome to investigate Baha ' i religion every Wednesday . 627-0352
Scout Paper Drive , Oct. 7 , 9 to 11:30 a.m. Waterdown Legion , 79 Hamilton St. N. Please have your cardboard , papers and magazines curbside by 8:30 a.m. or take to the back of the Legion between 9 and 11:30 a.m .
Rosary Procession , Oct. 6 , 7 p.m. Immaculate Heart of Mary Church , 934 Hwy 8 , Stoney Creek . Procession beginning with Mass and continuing with the candlelight walk around the church property , rain or shine . Refreshments to follow .
Stories in Stone , Oct. 7 , 11 a.m. Hamilton Cemetery free public tours , Masonic Tour . Gatehouse , 777 York Blvd . Approximately 2 hours , hosted by Robin McKee . 544-9559
JUNIOR DATEBOOK
Children 's Workshop Series , Oct. 7 , 10 a.m. to noon , ages 5 and up , children under 6 must be accompanied by an adult . Stories , yoga , science , outdoor play , arts and crafts . Topic : We build a zoo . Grimsby Museum , 6 Murray St. , Grimsby . Members $ 8 , non members $ 15pp . 945-5292
Family Storytime , Oct. 6 , 10:30 a.m. Hamilton Public Library , 55 Cootes Dr. , Dundas .
Friends in Grief , Teen Support Group , Oct. 10 , 4 to 6 p.m. An 8-week support group for 14 to 18 year olds . Bay Gardens Funeral Home , 947 Rymal Rd . E. , 318-0059
Student Job Search Workshop , Oct. 10 , 3:30 to 4:30 p.m. YMCA Employment Services , 427 Dundas St. E. Unit 1 , Waterdown . Learn different ways to job search to find your next part-time job . Register : 690-9927
Thanksgiving Storytime , Oct. 7 , 10:30 a.m. Hamilton Public Library , 163 Dundas St. E. , Waterdown .
Mathstronauts Afterschool Program , Oct. 9 , 2:30 to 5 p.m. Dalewood Middle School , 1150 Main St. W. Weekly STEM ( Science , Technology , Engineering and Math ) program is designed to inspire middle schoolers to build knowledge in STEM and develop skills such as coding , computer aided design , 3D printing and more . 289-887-2157 Email : contact @ mathstronauts.ca
MUSEUMS/GALLERIES
Grimsby Museum Speaker Series , Oct. 12 , 7 p.m. Grimsby Museum , 6 Murray St. , Grimsby . Speaker : Ken Irvine , Life and Times of John McCrae . Members $ 5 , non members $ 10pp . Pre-registration is required . 945-5292
Sundays at Westfield , Thanksgiving , 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. Oct. 8 , 1049 Kirkwall Rd. , Flamborough . Immerse yourself in Westfield 's historic setting ; costumed volunteers take you back into earlier times and places with demonstrations and more . Adults , $ 11 ; $ 10 seniors/disabled ; $ 6.50 children . 519-621-8851
Friends of Battlefield House Museum Lecture Series , Oct. 10 , 7:30 to 8:30 p.m. Battlefield House Museum , 77 King St. W. , Stoney Creek . Free historically themed illustrated talk . 662-8458
.
SENIORS
Sackville Hill Seniors Recreation Centre Movie Night , Oct. 10 , 6 p.m. 780 Upper Wentworth St. Members $ 2 , nonmembers $ 4.50 includes snacks . Call for movie selection . 546-2541
Tai chi , Oct. 6 , 9:30 to 10:30 a.m. S.I.M . Gym , St. Joseph 's Villa , 56 Governors Rd . $ 4 or free for members . Also runs Fridays 9:30 to 10:30 a.m. 627-3541 , ext . 2109
Sit and Be Fit , Oct. 11 , 1:45 to 2:15 p.m. S.I.M . Gym , St. Joseph 's Villa , 56 Governors Rd. , Dundas . $ 4 or free for members . Classes every Monday , Wednesday and Friday . 627-3541
Hi/Low Aerobics at the S.I.M . Gym , Oct. 4 , 8:30 to 9:15 a.m. St. Joseph 's Villa , 56 Governors Rd. , Dundas . $ 4 community members 55 and older . 627-3541
Compiled by Linda Ricciardi ,
The Hamilton Spectator
AND ANOTHER ONE ( ABOUT TO BE ) GONE
President Trump 's pick to fill the recently vacated Veterans Affairs Secretary post is facing major hiccups in his confirmation process , as serious allegations about his work as Trump 's White House physician have begun to surface . Here 's what 's going on .
New Allegations Suggest Jackson Has A Troubled History At The White House
On Monday , CBS reported that multiple allegations have been recently made against Jackson . Multiple employees reportedly told the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee over the weekend that Jackson created a `` hostile work environment , '' which included `` excessive drinking on the job '' and `` improperly dispensing meds . ''
Officials told the New York Times that the allegations suggested `` a pattern of behavior . ''
Jackson 's nomination process was reportedly exceedingly informal , stemming from a personal suggestion from Donald Trump that came as a surprise to Jackson himself . The Washington Post reports that the vetting process was not as typically stringent as those other nominees have faced in the past .
The Nomination Was Already Being Questioned Because Of His Experience
Even before the new allegations surfaced , Jackson 's nomination was already being questioned . After his nomination was announced in a tweet from President Trump , veterans groups and lawmakers began to question Jackson 's experience .
As the Washington Post details , Jackson has no experience with the VA nor with the level of management that the VA secretary deals with :
Jackson is a career naval officer who was an emergency trauma doctor in Iraq before spending the past 12 years as a White House physician . But his résumé lacks the type of management experience usually expected from the leader of an agency that employs 360,000 people , has a $ 186 billion annual budget and is dedicated to serving the complex needs of the country 's veterans .
[ The Washington Post ]
As Jackson himself admits , his White House post , which he has held since the Obama administration , only entailed overseeing around 20 physicians .
`` I take care of basically the entire White House compound . I oversee all of the care here ... We do urgent care here , anybody who is injured or they are sick , they come see us . We do a lot of travel medicine , because , of course , we have a lot of travelers here , so immunizations and travel preparation , we do all of that , '' Jackson said . `` And we do , basically , a lot of primary care as well , and I take care of and end up being a primary-care provider for most of the senior folks in the White House who work in the East Wing and the West Wing , the president 's senior staff and cabinet members . ''
[ Lubbock Avalanche-Journal ]
His Confirmation Chances Look Grim
In the wake of the allegations , leaders of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee issued a statement announcing that Jackson 's confirmation hearing , which was scheduled for April 25th , was being postponed `` in light of new information presented to the committee . ''
Now , the committee is reportedly seeking more information on the allegations , asking the White House for records from the last 12 years on Jackson .
The Daily Beast reports that `` lawmakers have been instructed to no longer push for Jackson 's confirmation . ''
The White House Is Giving Mixed Signals
On Tuesday , The White House issued a statement standing behind Jackson despite the allegations :
Admiral Jackson has been on the front lines of deadly combat and saved the lives of many others in service to this country ... He 's served as the physician to three Presidents — Republican and Democrat — and been praised by them all . Admiral Jackson 's record of strong , decisive leadership is exactly what 's needed at the VA to ensure our veterans receive the benefits they deserve .
[ Politico ]
During a press conference in the afternoon , Trump told reporters that he `` would stand behind '' Jackson , but also suggested that he 's encouraged Jackson to step down : `` I would n't do it , what does he need it for ? To be abused by a bunch of politicians who are n't thinking nicely about this country ? ''
JUST IN : Pres . Trump says he has n't `` heard of the particular allegations '' against VA Sec . nominee Dr. Ronny Jackson , who faces scrutiny over his conduct , but adds that he told Jackson `` What do you need this for ? '' https : //t.co/DuSadXVm0H pic.twitter.com/ParbMoI1bX — World News Tonight ( @ ABCWorldNews ) April 24 , 2018
Hours before , Ronny Jackson said `` I 'm looking forward to the hearing so we can sit down and I can explain everything to everyone . ''
JUST IN : VA secretary-nominee Ronny Jackson declines to address allegations against him ; tells @ MSNBC that he still looks forward to having a confirmation hearing . pic.twitter.com/ZgsNb1ie30 — NBC News ( @ NBCNews ) April 24 , 2018
A Failed Nomination Would Be A Disaster For The Trump Administration
A failed nomination would be a PR disaster for the Trump administration , which has faced an inordinate amount of high-level turnover since Trump took office .
Trump 's previous VA secretary , David Shulkin , was fired after it was found that his office doctored emails and lied to pay for a trip that the secretary took to Europe with his wife .
Previously , Trump 's HHS Secretary Tom Price resigned after it was revealed that he used government funds to pay for an unusual amount of privately chartered flights .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
BEER SEERS Corona Unfamiliar 11 diggs Booze
My friends and I have wondered for years if there 's any difference at all between the different kinds of Corona . I decided to get to the bottom of it .
Saudi Basic Industries Corporation ( SABIC ) Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Yousef Abdullah al-Benyan speaks during the Euromoney Saudi Arabia Conference 2017 in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Faisal Al Nasser
RIYADH Saudi Basic Industries Corporation 2010.SE ( SABIC ) is evaluating acquisition opportunities in the range of $ 3 billion to $ 6 billion in petrochemicals , specialty chemicals and fertilisers , its chief executive said on Tuesday .
Yousef Abdullah al-Benyan told Reuters that SABIC , which is majority state owned , aims to do the first such deal in the fourth quarter of this year .
In petrochemicals it is targeting acquisitions in North America and China , and it is also exploring targets in Africa for fertilisers or agricultural nutrients .
SABIC is currently the world 's fourth-biggest petrochemicals company , but says acquisitions could push it into the top three behind Dow Chemical Co ( DOW.N ) and BASF ( BASFn.DE ) .
`` There are some opportunities , they are in the range of $ 3- $ 6 billion , '' Benyan said in an interview on the sidelines of a conference in Riyadh . `` This is basically the starting point . ''
Benyan spoke to Reuters a day after the company reported an 80 percent jump in first quarter net profit .
He said SABIC was very positive regarding economic growth in key markets the United States and China , and was putting more focus on Africa and on emerging markets generally in the longer term .
`` Overall , with what 's happening in China right now ... I think we are very positive on 2017 , but our view is that the healthy recovery ( in key markets ) is going to be by end-2019 and beyond . ''
Benyan said SABIC and Saudi Aramco were looking at finalizing technology solutions and will reach `` a very important milestone '' within a few weeks with regards to their joint oil-to-chemicals ( OTC ) project , announced last June .
`` The OTC is one of the largest growth ( projects ) , we are going to produce probably more than 18 million tones of materials yearly , '' he said .
( Reporting by Reem Shamseddine , Saeed Azhar and Marwa Rashad ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
April 6 HPGC Renmintongtai Pharmaceutical Corp :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.50 yuan ( before tax ) /share for 2016 to shareholders of record on April 12
* The company 's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on April 13 and the dividend will be paid on April 13
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/v3f5cl
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
CTV Atlantic
After years of battling with the Cape Breton Regional Municipality and her neighbours , the home of a North Sydney woman has been demolished .
Sylvia Dolomont 's home was reduced to rubble after dark Wednesday evening .
“ The snakes crawl at night , ” she says . “ They came in the dark . Sneaky . Why did n't they come in the day ? We were here all day . ”
With security on sight and police parked around the corner , an excavator along with several dump trucks carried away years of memories from Dolomont and her family .
“ I feel totally devastated . I ca n't believe it happening , actually . But it is . I have to face reality , I guess , ” Dolomont says .
It 's a reality that 's been in the works for years . Numerous deadlines and extensions to fix up the property were not carried out , according to the Cape Breton Regional Municipality .
“ It was deemed dangerous and unsightly by CBRM , and ultimately is ordered demolished by council , ” says CBRM spokesperson Jillian Moore .
Dolomont says she complied with every municipal order to have the home cleaned up , and spent more than $ 50,000 in the process . She gave the media a tour of the home Wednesday to prove it is still structurally sound .
Friends of Dolomont feel she was treated unfairly . They 're now planning a protest outside the Civic Centre .
Many neighbours , however , say they 're happy to see the home go after dealing with odours and rodents coming from the property for years . They did not wish to appear on camera .
“ It was originally scheduled to be demolished Wednesday morning , however , the contractor was unable to attend at that time , so we expected it would be Thursday , ” Moore says . “ But then later in the day the contractor was able to co-ordinate for that day . He was scheduled to demolish the house , so it was decided to go ahead in the early evening around 7 p.m . ''
With her home gone , Dolomont says her fight is n't over and is planning on taking the municipality to court .
“ Now comes the lawsuits . I will sue everyone I can that was involved in this because this is criminal , ” Dolomont says .
Dolomont says her husband built the house for her , and she had hoped to move back in after it was cleaned up .
With files from CTV Atlantic 's Kyle Moore .
President Donald Trump accused top leadership of politicizing the FBI and the Justice Department but signaled support for the “ rank and file ” agents .
“ The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans – something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago , ” Trump wrote on Twitter . “ Rank & File are great people ! ”
Trump made his comment on Friday , as the FBI braced for the release of the classified House Intelligence Committee memo drafted by Republican Chairman Devin Nunes . The four-page memo is expected to reveal improper surveillance practices by agents at the FBI and the Justice Department .
FBI director Christopher Wray has told the Trump administration that he opposes the release of the memo — even after House Republicans on the intelligence committee voted to make it public .
Trump also quoted Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton , who claimed that the Democrats used the Fusion GPS dossier to convince the Obama administration to spy on the Trump campaign .
A California attorney convicted of a 2010 murder in Queen Creek is entitled to a new trial .
The Arizona Supreme Court on Monday ruled that Maricopa County Superior Court Judge Karen Mullins , who presided over the trial , did not err in overturning the guilty verdict entered by the jury . Mullins said the evidence did not support the jury 's findings .
Justice Robert Brutinel , writing for the unanimous Supreme Court , said trial judges have broad authority to make such a conclusion . And he pointed out that Mullins was not ordering Fischer acquitted , but simply requiring prosecutors to prove their case to a different panel .
More significant , the justices rebuffed the state Court of Appeals , which in 2015 overruled Mullins .
According to court records , Fischer , who also is a former police officer , was visiting family in 2010 .
Fischer , step-daughter Belinda and Belinda 's husband , Lee , stayed up talking and drinking .
Belinda went to bed around 11:30 p.m. while the other two continued drinking heavily .
Fischer testified he awoke confused the next morning and found a man on the kitchen floor in a pool of blood . He called 911 ; police found Lee with a single gunshot wound to the head , a handgun in his hand and his thumb on the trigger guard .
Prosecutors charged Fischer with second degree murder , arguing he shot Lee and then manipulated the evidence to make it appear a suicide . A jury found him guilty .
Mullins granted a motion for a new trial .
“ There was , quite simply , no physical evidence that the defendant fired the gun that killed Lee , ” she wrote . And she said a detective 's opinion that Fischer staged the scene is “ not supported by the physical evidence , lacks credibility , and is sheer speculation . ”
The Court of Appeals disagreed and reinstated the conviction , reaching its own conclusion that Mullins was wrong . But Brutinel said that decision ignores the role of both the trial judge and the appellate court .
“ It is primarily the province of the jury to determine the credibility of witnesses and to find the facts , ” Brutinel acknowledged . And he said trial judges “ must respect the role of the jury and the integrity of the jury trial system . ”
But he said a trial judge can conclude a verdict is “ inconsistent ” with the evidence and grant a new trial “ so as to guard against arbitrary verdicts . ”
“ We emphasize that the court does not usurp the role of the jury in granting a new trial because the court does not substitute its judgment for that of the jury , ” Brutinel wrote . “ It only allows the parties a new trial before a different jury . ”
By contrast , he said , it is not the job of the appellate court to reweigh the facts and evidence . Instead , Brutinel said , it is only to ensure that a trial judge , in granting a new trial , has acted with “ a legal , rather than an arbitrary basis . ”
Attorney Stephen Biggs said after Mullins ordered a new trial the state dismissed the case . He said it is now up to prosecutors whether to bring new charges and seek a new trial .
There was no immediate response from the Maricopa County Attorney 's Office .
( Repeats to widen distribution )
By Devika Krishna Kumar
NEW YORK , April 6 Trading volumes and open interest in U.S. crude futures soared in 2016 , particularly among buyers out of Asia and shale companies locking in output , both of whom have shown an affinity for far-dated contracts , the CME Group Inc said on Thursday .
NYMEX light sweet crude oil futures average daily volume hit an all-time high of 1.303 million contracts in November 2016 , according to exchange data .
Demand out of Asia/Pacific was notably stronger , with trading volume rising 93 percent from a year earlier , according to data provided to Reuters by the CME .
Recently , there has been growing interest in the liquidity of near-term contracts but also further along the futures curve , for contracts that are two and three years forward , the CME said .
So far in 2017 , WTI open interest and volume continue to exceed historic levels . Several WTI crude oil trading records have already been set in 2017 , including the current daily open interest record of 2.24 million contracts on March 14 .
`` With the lifting of U.S. export ban and greater market efficiencies , WTI has become the leading indicator for price discovery in the global crude oil market , '' the exchange said in a report on Thursday .
U.S. shale production has boomed since 2011 , fueled by hydraulic fracturing technology , but production waned during the worst price rout in a generation .
Shale has since emerged as a resilient rival to the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) as efficiency improvements have reduced the cost of production .
Trading volumes skyrocketed and hit records after OPEC and other top producers reached their first joint agreement to limit production since 2001 .
U.S. crude has increasingly found its way around the world after the four-decade export ban was lifted in late 2015 . Exports reached a record 1.1 million barrels per day in February .
The rising liquidity and rebound in oil prices has also narrowed the spread between the bid and ask prices , according to the report .
`` What really matters is the difference between the bid and the ask , '' said Owain Johnson , managing director of energy research and product development at CME Group .
`` The more you can narrow the bid/ask - the cheaper it is for companies to hedge and that makes a huge difference . ''
As shale producers increasingly hedged to protect future prices , WTI options activity increased . An average of 182,000 contracts traded per day in 2016 , up 16 percent versus 2015 .
( Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar in New York ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker )
When the sky gets cloudy , Damien McDonald 's stress level goes through the roof . He says a rainy day means his neighborhood in the Orange Grove area will definitely flood .
March 28 Pakistan 's central bank has updated guidance on sharia governance for Islamic finance institutions , expanding the scope of external audits to help mitigate conflicts of interest and increase transparency .
There are growing calls across the Islamic finance industry to strengthen the certification process of Islamic banks and their products to improve the consumer appeal of the sector .
Religious scholars who members of an Islamic bank 's sharia board are now barred from serving in any external audit firm , the State Bank of Pakistan said in a circular that complements original guidance from 2015 .
External sharia audits , which review operations to determine whether Islamic banks are operating in accordance with Islamic principles , would also have to cover pool-management practices and technology systems .
This includes the way Islamic banks calculate distribution of profit and loss to depositors , the tracking of assets , and the allocation of income and expenses .
The move is designed to separate the verification of profit and loss distribution between the banks and the external auditors , in contrast to the joint verification that was allowed under earlier guidance .
Fit and proper criteria must also be applied to scholars serving as part of an external audit , the central bank said .
While Pakistan is the world 's second most populous Muslim nation , its Islamic finance sector is struggling to gain market share from conventional peers despite double digit growth .
The sector includes five full-fledged Islamic banks and 16 conventional banks offering Islamic financial products , which held a combined 1.85 trillion rupees ( $ 17.7 billion ) of total banking assets as of December , reflecting an annual growth rate of 15.1 percent .
This gave Islamic finance a market share of 11.7 percent of total banking assets versus the 11.4 percent the sector held a year earlier . ( $ 1 = 104.6500 Pakistani rupees ) ( Reporting by Bernardo Vizcaino ; Editing by Eric Meijer )
DAVAO CITY — Airbnb , Inc. has clarified that it is willing to work with the city government here in addressing concerns on the implementation of regulations for home-sharing listings .
Jake Wilczynski , Airbnb public affairs officer in the Asia Pacific , said in an e-mail sent over the weekend that the US-based company has neither blocked nor have been ignoring messages from the city government , and that it is “ ready to work with the CTOO ( City Tourism and Operations Office ) to address any challenges it may have . ”
Mr. Wilczynski sent the statement after CTOO head Regina Rosa B. Tecson told media last week that her office has “ no way to contact Airbnb ” and that the company has not been replying to the agency 's messages .
“ We tried contacting Airbnb establishments here in Davao through their site , that 's when they blocked us eventually , ” said Ms. Tecson , adding that her office first sent an e-mail to the main office of the company in December last year .
Mr. Wilczynski said the company is also willing to help the local government draft a policy on how to tax home-sharing entities in the city , adding that it has been partnering with about “ 400 governments around the world . ”
City Councilor Al Ryan S. Alejandre , who has proposed that home-sharing entities be regulated , welcomed the Airbnb statement .
Mr. Alejandre has put forward to the city council that taxes be imposed on property owners that tap these home-sharing applications , noting that at least 400 are listed on Airbnb alone .
He identified other applications such as VRBO ( vacation rental by owner ) , Tripping.com , Flipkey , and Homestay .
Under his proposal , homes that are using these applications must also comply with the city 's Amended Tourism Code standards on accommodations and other city regulations .
These homes , categorized in the code as “ self-styled accommodation establishments , ” would also be required to apply for business permits as well as submit occupancy reports .
Violators will face a fine of P5,000 or six months in jail , or both depending on the legal court 's discretion . — Carmelito Q. Francisco
TITUSVILLE , Fla. ( WATE ) – SpaceX is planning their twelfth commercial resupply mission to the International Space Station .
Their Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft is expected to launch at 12:31 p.m. Monday from NASA 's Kennedy Space Center in Florida . Dragon will separate from Falcon 9 's second stage about 10 minutes after liftoff and attach to the space station on August 16 .
NASA said primary weather concerns will be cumulus clouds and precipitation . They said there is a 70 percent chance of “ go ” conditions .
The company says this will be the last time a “ new ” Dragon cargo spacecraft flies into space . They said future cargo missions will be fulfilled with refurbished Dragons that the company recovers after water landings in the Pacific Ocean .
April 5 Fairfax Media Ltd
* Commenced a process of consultation with its australian metro publishing newsrooms
* Including non-staff costs proposal is expected to deliver about $ 30 million in annualised savings with the majority of these savings expected in 2018 FY
* Consultations on proposed changes which will complete major structural editorial changes required to secure futures of metropolitan mastheads Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Trump talks to 3 more candidates for Supreme Court vacancy
Now Playing :
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump spoke with three more potential Supreme Court candidates on Tuesday as a key senator privately aired concerns about one of the contenders .
As Trump weighs his options , he has heard from Sen. Rand Paul , R-Ky. , who has expressed reservations about one top potential nominee , Brett Kavanaugh , according to a person familiar with the call but not authorized to publicly disclose details of it . The activity around Kavanaugh was an early glimpse of the frenzied jockeying around the short list of candidates in the run-up to Trump 's July 9 announcement .
With a narrow 51-49 GOP majority in the Senate , losing any Republican senator could begin to doom a nominee . Paul 's objections echo those made by outside conservative groups over Kavanaugh , who is seen as a top contender for the vacancy but who activists warn is too much of an establishment-aligned choice .
Trump has said he 'll choose his nominee from a list of 25 candidates vetted by conservative groups . Top contenders include federal appeals judges Kavanaugh , Raymond Kethledge , Amul Thapar and Amy Coney Barrett — all of whom spoke with Trump on Monday .
`` These are very talented people , brilliant people , '' Trump said Tuesday during an appearance in West Virginia . `` We 're going to give you a great one . ''
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-13 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 13 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Evan Vucci , AP Image 1 of / 13 Caption Close Image 1 of 13 President Donald Trump greets supporters after arriving at the Greenbrier Valley Airport in Lewisburg , W.Va. , before attending a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. less President Donald Trump greets supporters after arriving at the Greenbrier Valley Airport in Lewisburg , W.Va. , before attending a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , ... more Photo : Evan Vucci , AP Image 2 of 13 President Donald Trump arrives to speak to a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. President Donald Trump arrives to speak to a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. Photo : Evan Vucci , AP Image 3 of 13 President Donald Trump speaks during a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. President Donald Trump speaks during a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. Photo : Evan Vucci , AP Image 4 of 13 President Donald Trump speaks during a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. President Donald Trump speaks during a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. Photo : Evan Vucci , AP Image 5 of 13 Image 6 of 13 President Donald Trump speaks during a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. President Donald Trump speaks during a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. Photo : Evan Vucci , AP Image 7 of 13 President Donald Trump speaks during a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. President Donald Trump speaks during a `` Salute to Service '' dinner , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. Photo : Evan Vucci , AP Image 8 of 13 President Donald Trump speaks to the audience during his remarks at a Salute to Service charity dinner in conjunction with the PGA Tour 's Greenbrier Classic at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Trump celebrated active-duty service members and veterans during a military tribute Tuesday on the eve of Independence Day . less President Donald Trump speaks to the audience during his remarks at a Salute to Service charity dinner in conjunction with the PGA Tour 's Greenbrier Classic at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. , ... more Photo : Chris Jackson , AP Image 9 of 13 President Donald Trump looks at members of the audience during his remarks at a Salute to Service charity dinner in conjunction with the PGA Tour 's Greenbrier Classic at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Trump celebrated active-duty service members and veterans during a military tribute Tuesday on the eve of Independence Day . less President Donald Trump looks at members of the audience during his remarks at a Salute to Service charity dinner in conjunction with the PGA Tour 's Greenbrier Classic at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs , ... more Photo : Chris Jackson , AP Image 10 of 13 Image 11 of 13 West Virginia Gov . Jim Justice speaks at a Salute to Service charity dinner in conjunction with the PGA Tour 's Greenbrier Classic at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Trump celebrated active-duty service members and veterans during a military tribute Tuesday on the eve of Independence Day . less West Virginia Gov . Jim Justice speaks at a Salute to Service charity dinner in conjunction with the PGA Tour 's Greenbrier Classic at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Trump ... more Photo : Chris Jackson , AP Image 12 of 13 President Donald Trump walks onto the stage prior to his remarks at a Salute to Service charity dinner in conjunction with the PGA Tour 's Greenbrier Classic at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Trump celebrated active-duty service members and veterans during a military tribute Tuesday on the eve of Independence Day . less President Donald Trump walks onto the stage prior to his remarks at a Salute to Service charity dinner in conjunction with the PGA Tour 's Greenbrier Classic at The Greenbrier in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. , ... more Photo : Chris Jackson , AP Image 13 of 13 Trump talks to 3 more candidates for Supreme Court vacancy 1 / 13 Back to Gallery
The White House says Trump has spoken to seven candidates . There were the four interviews Monday , as well as a conversation with Republican Sen. Mike Lee of Utah , who is not regarded as a top contender but who is being pushed by key conservatives .
Trump has also spoken with Thomas Hardiman , who has served with Trump 's sister on the 3rd U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia , according to a person familiar with the conversation who also was not authorized to publicly discuss it .
Another candidate considered a top contender is Joan Larsen , who serves on the federal appeals court in Cincinnati .
Trump 's choice to replace Kennedy — a swing vote on the nine-member court — has the potential to remake the court for a generation as part of precedent-shattering decisions on abortion , health care , gay marriage and other issues . Recognizing the stakes , many Democrats have lined up in opposition to any Trump pick , and Republicans lawmakers and activists are seeking to shape the president 's decision .
For his part , Trump has sought advice from White House counsel Don McGahn , outside advisers like Leonard Leo , on leave from the Federalist Society , and has been making calls to lawmakers , including Paul .
Paul has told colleagues that he may not vote for Kavanaugh if the judge is nominated , citing Kavanaugh 's role during the Bush administration on cases involving executive privilege and the disclosure of documents to Congress , said the person familiar with Paul 's conversations who spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity .
The senator has more than once threatened to withhold his vote on key Trump priorities citing ideological disagreements , most recently the nomination of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo . But Paul has repeatedly yielded to Trump 's personal lobbying to back his nominees and legislation , often citing unspecified concessions from the president .
Paul 's office did not respond to requests for comment .
His concerns mirror comments from some conservatives who view Kavanaugh as a more establishment-aligned pick on abortion and issues related to the Fourth Amendment right against unreasonable searches and seizures . Some also raised concern about his approach to the Affordable Care Act .
`` Trump 's list is full of great nominees , but Kavanaugh raises several concerns among libertarian and pro-life activists at a time when we need to be united , '' said Wesley Denton , communications director for the Conservative Partnership Institute , an organization that works closely with lawmakers on Capitol Hill .
The president also spoke by phone with Lee on Monday , as first reported by the Deseret News and later confirmed by the senator 's office , which characterized it as an interview . Asked about the call , White House spokesman Raj Shah said only , `` Yesterday , the President spoke on the phone with Sen. Mike Lee . '' Lee is the only lawmaker on Trump 's list of potential justices .
There have also been lobbying efforts around other candidates .
Some conservatives have pointed to Kethledge as a potential justice in the mold of Gorsuch ; both once served as law clerks to Kennedy . Kethledge , a Michigan Law graduate who has been a Michigan-based appellate court judge for the past decade , would add academic diversity to a court steeped in the Ivy League .
`` The court could use some perspectives that were forged in different kinds of regions of the country and different kinds of academic backgrounds , '' said former Michigan Sen. Spence Abraham , who hired Kethledge as a young staffer in the 1990s .
Since Trump said his short list includes at least two women , speculation has focused on Barrett , a former law clerk to Justice Antonin Scalia and a longtime Notre Dame Law School professor who serves on the 7th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals . Conservative groups rallied around Barrett after her confirmation hearing last year featured questioning from Democrats over how her Roman Catholic faith would affect her decisions .
Former House speaker and Trump ally Newt Gingrich tweeted Monday : `` Judge Amy Coney Barrett would make an outstanding Supreme Court Justice . Her clarity and intellectual strength in the Senate hearings for her current judgeship showed an intellect and a depth of thought that would be powerful on the Supreme Court . ''
But her short tenure on the bench may work against her . And Democrats claim that Barrett — like the other picks — would favor overturning Roe v. Wade , the 1973 case that affirmed a woman 's right to abortion , and would weaken President Barack Obama 's 2010 health care law .
Since the start of his 2016 campaign , Trump has embraced anti-abortion groups and vowed to appoint federal judges who will favor efforts to roll back abortion rights . But he told reporters Friday that he would not question potential high-court nominees about their views on abortion , saying it was `` inappropriate to discuss . ''
Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , has said she would oppose any nominee she believed would overturn Roe v. Wade , stressing she wants to back a judge who would show respect for settled law such as the Roe decision .
___
Associated Press writer Zeke Miller contributed to this report .
In what are widely considered to be one of the most significant finds in history in terms of religious texts , there are hundreds of dead sea scrolls currently discovered , found in a labyrinth of caves in Israel . Some of the texts date back over 2,000 years .
The newest cave discovered , found by Israeli archaeologists , is the twelfth cave to be found , however evidence in the cave suggests the cave was likely looted by the Bedouin people in the 1950 's .
The twelfth caves ' discovery came about from the first major excavation as part of ‘ Operation Scroll ' , a combined large scale search for new caves containing previously undiscovered Dead Sea Scrolls .
“ Until now , it was accepted that Dead Sea Scrolls were found only in 11 caves at Qumran , but now there is no doubt that this is the 12th cave , ” said Dr Oren Gutfeld . “ Although at the end of the day no scroll was found , and instead we ‘ only ' found a piece of parchment rolled up in a jug that was being processed for writing , the findings indicate beyond any doubt that the cave contained scrolls that were stolen. ” “ The findings include the jars in which the scrolls and their covering were hidden , a leather strap for binding the scroll , a cloth that wrapped the scrolls , tendons and pieces of skin connecting fragments , and more . ”
The Dead Sea Scrolls contains texts from the early Hebrew Bible , biblical commentary , and also contained calendars , astronomical charts and hymns .
SYDNEY , April 30 Australian resources minister Matt Canavan on Sunday did not rule out providing a A $ 1-billion ( $ 748-million ) government loan to India 's Adani Enterprises for its Carmichael coal project , saying it would help create thousands of jobs .
Adani have submitted an application to the Australian government 's Northern Australia Infrastructure Fund for a cheap loan to help fund a rail line into the untapped Galilee Basin , where the Carmichael project is located .
The project would help create 16,000 jobs , said Canavan , who is also the minister for northern Australia .
`` This is about opening up a massive coal basin for Australia , '' he told Sky News . `` Without a rail line your coal is stranded in the ground . ''
The Australian unit of Adani could not immediately be reached for comment outside business hours .
Environmentalists have lobbied banks not to provide loans and a number , including Germany 's Deutsche Bank and Commonwealth Bank of Australia , have stated they will not participate in the project .
One of Australia 's largest banks , Westpac , published a new climate policy on Friday , which effectively rules out funding for the Adani project .
Canavan labelled it a piece of propaganda , saying it was unfortunate major Australian banks were prepared to cave to activist pressure and did not want to help Australia grow .
Adani has battled opposition from some landowners and green groups who are worried about the project 's carbon footprint and its impact on the nearby Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area .
Adani plans to make a final investment decision in May or June on the project , which now targets annual output of 25 million tonnes in the first phase , down from an original plan of 40 million tonnes . ( $ 1=1.3362 Australian dollars ) ( Reporting by Harry Pearl ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
On Constitution Day , the Vice President says the Charter embodies the Filipino 's 'collective dream ' of a society where wealth and power are for the greater good
Published 10:13 PM , February 02 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – Vice President Leni Robredo reminded Filipinos the 1987 Constitution protects the freedoms that were regained at the end of Ferdinand Marcos ' dictatorship .
This was the Vice President 's message on Friday , February 2 , the same day the Philippines commemorated the ratification of the 1987 Constitution 31 years ago . ( READ : Framers of 1987 Constitution : Charter change , federalism not the answer )
“ Layunin ng Saligang Batas na pangalagaan ang ating kalayaan at mga karapatan na sinupil noong panahon ng Batas Militar . Tiniyak din nito na hindi na tayo muling patatahimikin , aabusuhin , at pagsasamantalahan ng mga nasa kapangyarihan , ” said Robredo , a lawyer-turned-politician .
( The aim of our Constitution is to protect our freedoms and rights that were suppressed during Martial Law . It also ensures people in power will no longer be able to silence , abuse , or take advantage of us . )
She said , however , the Constitution goes beyond the protection of people 's freedoms . It also embodies every Filipino 's dream for a better life .
“ Nakapaloob dito ang ating kolektibong pangarap – na bumuo ng isang lipunan kung saan ang yaman at kapangyarihan ng ating bansa ay para sa ikabubuti ng lahat , isang bayan kung saan ang bawat Pilipino ay may pagkakataong mamuhay nang makabuluhan at matiwasay , anuman ang kanyang kasarian , estado sa buhay , o opinyong pulitikal , ” said Robredo .
( Within the Constitution is our collective dream – to forge a society where the wealth and power of our country are for the greater good , a nation where every Filipino has the chance to live meaningfully and peacefully , whatever the gender , social status , or political opinion . )
The Vice President then lamented that years after Martial Law , the people 's rights are still being suppressed in one way or another .
“ Ngunit sapat ba itong dahilan para talikuran ang ating mga pangarap ? Hindi ba't dapat magsilbi itong hamon sa ating sarili at sa ating mga lider , na pagbutihin pa ang trabaho , magkaisa , at manalig na kaya nating magkaroon ng isang lipunang makatuwiran , maunlad , at makatao ? ” asked Robredo .
( But are these enough reasons to turn our backs from dreams ? Are n't they supposed to serve as a challenge to ourselves and our leaders to work harder , to unite , and to trust that we can create a society that is good , progressive , and humanitarian ? )
For Robredo , the 1987 Constitution is a constant reminder for Filipinos to reach for their dreams .
“ Sa huli , ito ang sandigan ng ating Konstitusyon : ang paniniwala sa kadakilaan ng Pilipino at pananalig na kaya nating abutin ang ating mga mithiin , ” she said .
( In the end , this is what the Constitution stands for : the belief in the greatness of the Filipino and the trust that he or she can reach for the stars . )
Efforts are currently underway to amend the 1987 Constitution to pave the way for federalism within President Rodrigo Duterte 's term . ( READ : Charter Change timetable : Plebiscite in 2018 or May 2019 , says Pimentel )
Framers of the 1987 Constitution , however , do not believe it is the right time for Charter Change due to the perennial problem of partisanship in Philippine politics . – Rappler.com
( New throughout , adds details from earnings call )
By Liz Hampton
HOUSTON May 3 Tallgrass Energy Partners on Wednesday said it had identified 42 potential acquisitions or new projects totaling more than $ 6.1 billion in investment that could fuel the midstream operator 's growth .
Two of the potential projects are valued at around $ 1.5 billion each . One would be a greenfield or wholly new project , while the other would require building out or redeveloping existing assets , executives said .
Most of the projects fall in the same categories and are focused on natural gas or oil , the executives said on a conference call on Wednesday , noting `` there 's no corporate M & A '' on the list .
Midstream companies such as Tallgrass were hurt by low oil prices during the last three years as volumes on their pipelines fell and opportunities for growth dwindled .
But a deal by major oil producers in November 2016 to cut production and stabilize global oil prices has given a boost to U.S. crude prices and prompted midstream companies to explore new infrastructure projects .
`` In the next 90 to 100 days , if we do n't have a couple hundred million dollars of acquisitions or projects ... we will be very disappointed , '' said Tallgrass Chief Executive Officer David Dehaemers .
On Wednesday , rival Magellan Midstream Partners said it was evaluating a new pipeline to transport crude and condensate from the Permian Basin to Corpus Christi , Texas .
Tallgrass Energy 's 320,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) Pony Express , which transports crude from Guernsey , Wyoming , to the massive oil storage hub in Cushing , Oklahoma , averaged 262,000 bpd of throughput in the first quarter of this year , executives said .
The pipeline averaged just 242,000 bpd in January , due in part to production halts from cold weather and increases in drilled but uncompleted wells , while March volumes jumped to 277,000 bpd , the company said .
The company currently is in the process of building a more than 100,000 bpd connection between that Pony Express line and HollyFrontier Corp 's El Dorado refinery . That project is still on schedule for completion by the fourth quarter of 2017 . ( Reporting by Liz Hampton , editing by G Crosse and David Gregorio )
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS , June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden .
April 12 Dunelm Group Plc :
* Q3 trading update
* Total revenue for q3 rose by 11.4 pct to 255.1 mln stg
* Q3 total revenue , excluding Worldstores , rose by 1.0 pct to 231.3 mln stg
* Q3 total like-for-like ( LFL ) growth ( combining LFL stores and home delivery ) declined by 2.2 pct .
* Expect approximately 1.5 pct of LFL sales to move from third to Q4
* Broadly nets off with 1.7 pct of LFL sales that moved from Q2 to Q3 as a result of timing of our winter sale compared to last year .
* Continue to see strong growth in online business , including a 21.0 pct increase in home delivery sales for quarter
* Dunelm 's gross margin percentage ( excluding Worldstores ) for quarter increased by approximately 75bps
* Reflects a short-term benefit , and we expect half of this benefit to continue into Q4
* Integration of Qorldstores is going well
* Run rate of gross margin going into next financial year is expected to be broadly flat compared to same time last year .
* We continue to expect that business will be at least break-even in Dunelm 's financial year ending June 30 2018 .
* As at April 1 2017 , net debt was approximately 117 mln stg .
* We opened two new stores in period leaving our Superstore footprint at 159 stores , a total increase of seven openings so far this year
* We have completed six store refits within year to date and have at least five planned for remainder of financial year .
* As a result , our expectations for full year remain unchanged .
* With easter being later this year , we expect approximately 1.5 pct of LFL sales to move from third to Q4
* This broadly nets off with 1.7 pct of LFL sales that moved from Q2 to Q3 as a result of timing of our winter sale compared to last year . Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom )
Litigation between mortgage-backed securities investors and the MBS trustees they accuse of failing to safeguard noteholders ' interests has been a bit of a seesaw ride .
Last summer , as I reported , trustees were up . They 'd won a 2014 ruling from the 2nd U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals that not only restricted the standing of noteholders trying to bring class actions but also indicated investors would have to prove trustees ' misconduct at a granular , loan-by-loan level . In 2016 , trustees won a new decision , this time from the New York State Appellate Division , First Department , that they hoped would allow them to knock out noteholder cases before they reached class certification . Ruling on a motion to dismiss by BNY Mellon , the state appeals court said MBS trustees did not have a duty to “ nose to the source ” of potential problems with underlying mortgage loans .
But as I told you last month , the state appellate decision turned out not to be a magic bullet . Federal judges have continued to allow at least certain categories of noteholder claims to move past trustee dismissal motions . Most recently , my Reuters colleague Jon Stempel reported , U.S. District Judge Katherine Polk Failla of Manhattan ruled on March 30 that a consortium of big institutional investors can proceed with breach of contract and conflict of interest claims against Wells Fargo , the trustee in 53 MBS trusts in which the investors held certificates .
That 's not the last teeter of the seesaw , though . A handful of recent decisions shows that once noteholders get past dismissal motions , trustees still have a lot of defenses at their disposal . Noteholders may still win their cases against MBS trustees , but they 're going to have to work for it .
In February , U.S. District Judge Jesse Furman of Manhattan declined to dismiss a big swath of claims by Black Rock , Pimco and a raft of other big funds against MBS trustee Deutsche Bank . But at the hearing explaining his reasoning , according to a transcript subsequently cited in a different MBS case , the judge balked at noteholders ' claims that Deutsche Bank is liable for failing to take action on loans issued by mortgage lenders that have gone out of business , such as IndyMac , New Century and American Home .
Furman said that investors would have statute of limitations problems if they alleged the trustee was on notice before those lenders went bust - but could have only asserted claims in the bankruptcies thereafter . He gave noteholders a chance to amend their complaint to figure out a way to navigate between those limitations but plaintiffs ' lawyer Timothy DeLange of Bernstein Litowitz Berger & Grossmann told the judge in a Feb. 16 letter that the complaint would n't be amended . The upshot is that noteholders , at least in the Deutsche Bank trustee case , ca n't hold the trustee liable for breaches in loans originated by now-defunct lenders .
In March , the federal magistrate overseeing discovery in several MBS trustee cases before different U.S. district judges in Manhattan ruled in noteholder suits against Wells Fargo and HSBC that investors can not rely on sampling to prove their claims that trustees should have acted to protect noteholders from deficient underlying loans . Referring to the 2014 2nd Circuit decision , U.S. Magistrate Judge Sarah Netburn held that investors must establish “ loan-specific proof ” that trustees “ failed to act with respect to the loan-specific remedies available for a particular defect , and that such failure caused the plaintiffs harm. ” Loan-by-loan re-underwriting is a very expensive proposition , even for deep-pocketed plaintiffs like Black Rock and Pimco .
Finally , on Tuesday , U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan of Manhattan made public a decision in which she denied certification to a proposed class of noteholders suing Deutsche Bank . The judge said plaintiffs had n't shown members of the class could be ascertained , given that the securities have traded in the secondary market and it 's not easy to figure out who would be owed damages for the trustee 's alleged failures . The judge did allow lead plaintiff Royal Park Investments a chance to resubmit its class certification motion .
I left messages for Royal Park counsel Lucas Olts of Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd and for DeLange of Bernstein Litowitz , who represents noteholders in the case before Judge Furman . Neither got back to me .
Turkish gov't issued detention warrants for 49 teachers over alleged links to Gülen movement
Turkish government has issued detention warrants on Wednesday for 49 teachers , who were previously dismissed from their duties by government decrees under the rule of emergency declared in the aftermath of a controversial coup attempt on July 15 , 2016 , over their alleged links to the Gülen movement and allegedly using mobile phone messaging application ByLock .
It was reported that following the detention warrants issued by İstanbul Chief Prosecutor 's Office , police have detained 20 teachers in operations in 23 provinces .
On Wednesday , 52 out of 87 people , mostly teachers , who were detained on September 20 over alleged links to Gülen movement , were also arrested by an İzmir court . It was claimed that they used to use ByLock .
Turkish authorities believe that ByLock is a communication tool among followers of the Gülen movement . Tens of thousands of people , including civil servants , police officers , soldiers , businessmen and housemakers , have either been dismissed or arrested for using ByLock since the failed coup attempt on July 15 , 2016 .
In a Tokat-based investigation 30 people , including businessmen , were detained by police in 10 provinces on Wednesday over their alleged links to the Gülen movement .
It was also reported that 11 non-commissioned military officers on active duties were detained in 4 provinces on Wednesday in an Ankara-based probe targeting alleged members of the Gülen movement .
Meanwhile , Turkish government has seized and appointed trustees on Wednesday to 10 companies allegedly owned by members of the Gülen movement in Aydın province . It was claimed that 9 businessmen , who have these 10 companies , used to give financial support to the Gülen movement .
Aydın 3rd High Criminal Court has decided to appoint trustees to the companies owned by Semih Menzilci , Mustafa Ancın , Sami Solak , Mehmet Yapar , Mehmet Tuğcu , İbrahim Hilmi Maraş , Abdülkerim Tikbaş , Çetin Dokuzlu and Selami Dinç who have already tried by the same court .
Turkish government has seized about 1000 companies over their alleged links to the Gülen movement . Then-Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmuş said on July 17 , 2017 that the government seized 966 companies from people allegedly linked to the Gülen movement .
“ In addition , 4,888 properties of those 966 companies were also seized and transferred to the Finance Ministry , ” said Kurtulmuş , speaking to reporters following a Cabinet meeting in Ankara .
Assets of seized companies were announced to be more than $ 12 billion by then Deputy Prime Minister Nurettin Canikli in May .
Turkey survived a controversial military coup attempt on July 15 , 2016 that killed 249 people . Immediately after the putsch the ruling Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) government along with President Erdoğan pinned the blame on the Gülen movement .
Fethullah Gülen , who inspired the movement , strongly denied having any role in the failed coup and called for an international investigation into it , but President Erdoğan — calling the coup attempt “ a gift from God ” — and the government initiated a widespread purge aimed at cleansing sympathizers of the movement from within state institutions , dehumanizing its popular figures and putting them in custody .
Turkey 's Justice Ministry announced on July 13 that 50,510 people have been arrested and 169,013 have been the subject of legal proceedings on coup charges since the failed coup . Turkish government has also suspended or dismissed more than 150,000 judges , teachers , police and civil servants after the coup attempt .
Related
0 Twitter users propose ‘ Roseanne ' reboot without Barr
Some Twitter users are hoping the “ Roseanne ” reboot will come back without the title character .
ABC canceled the second season of the sitcom reboot after Roseanne Barr , the comedian who plays the titular character of the show , posted a racist tweet about former top Obama administration adviser Valerie Jarrett .
> > Read more trending news
Barr tweeted numerous apologies for the offending May 29 tweet , which read , “ Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had baby=vj. ” Soon after , she said she would leave Twitter , but came back and blamed the sedative Ambien for her tweet . She also urged fans not to boycott ABC , but maintained that she would defend herself .
The Huffington Post reported that fans of the show , which originally ran from 1988 to 1997 , have expressed support for cast members who are now out of a job because of Barr 's actions .
Some tweeted that the reboot should return , but without the character Roseanne Conner .
Dear @ Disney ABC ,
Thank you for cancelling Roseanne . Now , please give Laurie Metcalf , Sara Gilbert and John Goodman another show .
Thanks ,
America — Gregory Ellwood 🎬 ( @ TheGregoryE ) May 29 , 2018 There are a lot of good , talented folks that work on the Roseanne show . I say write off the lead character and let everyone else keep coming to work to do their jobs . — Clay Renfroe ( @ ClayRenfroe ) May 29 , 2018 Channing “ not on my watch ” Dungey ! 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
If only the rest of our leaders would not allow hatred and racism to thrive .
That said ... perhaps the rest of the cast and crew could get their own show . Minus the hate and ignorance from that one cast member — Meredith Salenger ( @ MeredthSalenger ) May 29 , 2018 Call it `` Not Roseanne '' and set the show in an inner city hardware store the Connor family won after Roseanne died in a horrible key duplicating accident . — Jeffrey Mumford ( @ HasardJardinier ) May 30 , 2018 Petition for ABC to just rewrite Roseanne without her and focus in on John Goodman 's character . We 'll call it Dan pic.twitter.com/wsQZOAqpJl — Dalton Martin ( @ MaximumDiktata ) May 29 , 2018 concept : a sitcom called `` jackie ! '' starring laurie metcalf . roseanne is never mentioned by name . — sham corb ( @ samcorb ) May 29 , 2018
Actor and writer Mindy Kaling even offered to write for actors Laurie Metcalf and John Goodman , who play Roseanne Conner 's sister , Jackie , and husband , Dan , respectively .
Laurie Metcalf and John Goodman let me write things for you — Mindy Kaling ( @ mindykaling ) May 30 , 2018
Entertainment Tonight reported that Jimmy Kimmel pitched a spin-off without Barr on “ Jimmy Kimmel Live .
“ Hear me out , just because Roseanne is gone , does n't mean the whole show has to go . The show must go on ! That 's what we say in show business , ” Kimmel said . “ And with that said , I have an idea that I think makes this work for everyone .
Kimmel 's pitch ? A show that focuses just on Dan Conner , which can be watched in the video below .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
Left wing Elie signs $ 735,000 deal to stay with Dallas Stars
FRISCO , Texas ( AP ) — Left wing Remi Elie has signed a $ 735,000 contract to stay with the Dallas Stars .
The one-year deal with the restricted free agent was announced by the team on Tuesday .
Elie had six goals and eight assists in 72 games last season for the Stars . He added two goals and seven assists in 19 AHL playoff games with the Texas Stars .
Dallas selected the 23-year-old Elie in the second round , 40th overall , in the 2013 NHL draft .
___
More AP NHL : https : //apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
MILAN , March 29 Bonds issued by Veneto Banca and Popolare di Vicenza extended losses on Wednesday after the latter reported poor 2016 earnings , stoking investor worries the two regional banks may not qualify for a state bailout they have requested .
A Popolare di Vicenza Oct. 2018 bond lost 4.9 percentage points in price by 1036 GMT for a yield of 25 percent , up from 21 percent late on Tuesday .
A May 2019 Veneto Banca bond lost 3 percentage points in price yielding 18.6 percent , up from 16.3 percent . ( Reporting by Valentina Za )
The Senate and the House of Representatives are set to ratify their reconciled version on Tuesday , December 12 , before sending it to President Rodrigo Duterte for signing into law
Published 10:05 PM , December 11 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Members of the bicameral conference committee on Monday , December 11 , finalized the Tax Reform for Acceleration and Inclusion ( TRAIN ) bill , seeking to cut personal income tax but impose higher levies on fuel , coal , cars , mining , and tobacco , among others .
It took the Senate and the House of Representatives at least 3 sessions to reconcile differences between their versions of the bill , considered to be a priority measure of President Rodrigo Duterte . The target revenue is P130 billion .
Both chambers of Congress have to ratify the bicam version before it gets sent to Duterte for signing into law . The target implementation of TRAIN is on January 1 , 2018 , or just 3 weeks from now .
The Senate and the House are expected to ratify the bicam version on Tuesday , December 12 . Congress is set to adjourn for the Christmas break on Friday , December 15 .
Higher take-home pay
Lawmakers have agreed to exempt from tax the first P250,000 annual income of Filipinos to increase their take-home pay . This means those earning around P21,000 a month would no longer need to pay income taxes .
Below is the approved income tax schedule starting January 1 next year until 2022 .
By 2023 , the rates would slightly go down .
Higher tax on sugar-sweetened drinks
Legislators agreed to impose a tax of P6 per liter on drinks using sugar and artificial sweeteners and P12 on drinks using high fructose corn syrup .
They also agreed to retain the tax exemptions for milk and instant coffee .
More expensive fuel
To compensate for the loss of revenue , Congress decided to increase taxes on fuels such as gasoline , diesel , and liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ) , among others . This means higher prices for such commodities .
Diesel , which at present has no tax , would be imposed P2.50 per liter in 2018 , P4.50 in 2019 , and P6 in 2020 .
LPG would have a tax of P1 in 2018 , P2 in 2019 , and P3 in 2020 .
For gasoline , from the current tax of P4.35 per liter , it would be imposed a levy of P7 in 2018 , P9 in 2019 , and P10 in 2020 .
For 2018 , aviation gas would be taxed P4 per liter ; asphalts P8 per kilogram ; kerosene P3 ; naphtha P7 ; bunker fuel P2.50 ; lubricating oil P8 ; paraffin wax P8 ; and petcoke P2.50 .
All petroleum products used as input , feedstock , raw materials for petrochem , and refining or as replacement fuel are tax-exempt .
Tax scheme for cars
The bicam approved a 4-tier tax scheme for automobiles :
4 % for up to P600,000
10 % for over P600,000 to P1 million
20 % for over P1 million up to P4 million
50 % for over P4 million
All pick-up trucks and electric vehicles would be exempted from additional taxes .
Hybrid cars would be imposed half the taxes as non-hybrid vehicles .
Higher tobacco tax
The joint panel decided to increase the prices of tobacco by 2018 despite the absence of this provision in both the Senate and House versions . They only inserted it in the bicam likely to meet the revenue target .
Under the existing sin tax law passed in 2012 , the tax rate for next year would be P31.20 .
But if TRAIN is signed into law , this would increase to P32.50 for the first 6 months of 2018 ( January 1 to June 30 ) .
It would then increase to P35 from July 1 , 2018 to December 31 , 2019 .
A tax of P37.50 would then be imposed from 2020 to 2021 ; P40 by P2022 to P2023 ; and a 4 % annual increase after that .
Coal , cosmetic surgeries
The bicam agreed to increase the tax on coal from P10 to P50 for 2018 , P100 for 2019 , and P150 for 2020 .
This is lower than the Senate proposal of P100 , P200 , and P300 over the same 3-year period .
Senator Sherwin Gatchalian earlier opposed the Senate proposal , saying it would lead to higher electricity rates and be a burden to consumers .
The unique Senate proposal to tax cosmetic surgery or medical procedures for purely aesthetic purposes was also included in the finalized version .
However , from the 10 % tax pushed by senators , the bicam lowered it to 5 % .
Senate Minority Leader Franklin Drilon earlier said there was `` very strong '' lobbying against the imposition of taxes on aesthetic surgeries but refused to identify who were involved . – Rappler.com
March 31 Frontier Group Holdings Inc :
* Frontier Group Holdings Inc files for ipo of up to $ 100.0 million - sec filing
* Frontier Group Holdings Inc - intends to apply common stock listed under the symbol “ FRNT ”
* Frontier group holdings - Citigroup , Deutsche Bank Securities , Evercore Isi , J.P. Morgan and BofA Merrill lynch are among the underwriters to IPO
* Frontier group holdings- Barclays , Cowen and co , Credit Suisse , Goldman Sachs & Co , Raymond James , UBS Investment bank are also among underwriters to IPO
* Frontier Group Holdings - proposed IPO price is an estimate solely for purpose of calculating sec registration fee Source text ( bit.ly/2nFjVFY )
Let 's be honest : Part of the appeal of legalizing cannabis comes down to money . The demand and consumption already exists . We already regulate , tax and sell other potentially altering substances such as tobacco and alcohol . Governments need money , and no one wants to raise taxes .
So why not legalize and control pot , and rake in the tax revenue , as with other so-called `` sin '' products ? Why not have a revenue stream that flows into public coffers instead of the wallets of illegal players ?
On the surface , that part of the cannabis conundrum is fairly simple . But as usual , once you start drilling down into details , simplicity goes out the window . This week , provincial finance ministers and their federal counterpart are meeting in Ottawa . Prior to that meeting Ottawa proposed a deal which would see tax revenue generated by legal cannabis sales split 50/50 between the provinces and feds .
Not surprisingly , provincial ministers did n't like the sound of that . What is Ottawa doing to earn its half of the pie , they asked ? Other than the legislative part of legalization , the heavy lifting — as it stands now — will fall upon province and cities . Enforcement . Public education . Road safety . Addiction prevention and treatment . All these are matters of provincial jurisdiction .
So why should Ottawa get half the cake ? And speaking of cake , just how much money are we talking about ? It 's a relevant point , especially since there is much disagreement on that . Back in 2016 , a CIBC World Markets reported estimated tax revenue to be as much as $ 5 billion . That 's a lot of dough for public treasuries . But a more recent report from the C.D . Howe Institute is much more conservative , predicting tax revenue of between $ 400 and $ 500 million annually . How could two credible projections be so far apart ?
The American experience is instructive . In Colorado , where pot has been legal since 2014 , half a billion in tax revenue has been generated . In Nevada , taxes from the first month of legalized sales — July — came in at a whopping $ 3.6 million . The very next month , that jumped to $ 5 million . In Alaska , the revenue slice for August was $ 700,000 . And in Oregon , cheques were recently sent out to schools , public health agencies , police and local governments to divvy up $ 85 million in cannabis tax revenue .
Late Monday afternoon the provinces and feds announced they have reached an agreement to split tax revenues – 75 per cent to the provinces , 25 per cent to the feds . That certainly seems more equitable , although it 's not entirely clear that Ottawa will incur costs to justify that . But Finance Minister Bill Morneau says the federal portion will be capped at $ 100 million , with anything other than that going back to the provinces .
Provincial officials seem satisfied , which is good as there is a tremendous amount of legalization work remaining . It 's good that this part of the equation , at least , seems solved to everyone 's satisfaction .
São Paulo May 3 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA beat first-quarter profit estimates on Wednesday , benefiting from stricter cost and credit risk controls which allowed Brazil 's biggest bank by market value to trim operational expenses and loan-loss provisions .
Recurring net income , a measure of profit excluding one-time items , climbed 6 percent to a record 6.176 billion reais ( $ 1.96 billion ) from the previous three months , and topped an average analysts consensus estimate of 6.010 billion reais compiled by Thomson Reuters .
Management stuck with this year 's operational targets , which were first released in February .
( $ 1 = 3.1532 reais ) ( Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal . Editing by Jane Merriman )
Asma Barlas , professor in the Department of Politics , presented a paper , “ When Gender is a Problem in Qur'anic Exegesis , ” at a workshop on gender and Tafsir studies at the New York University Abu Dhabi Institute on April 9 .
Staff Writer Maggie McAden spoke to Barlas about her paper , her experience at the workshop and her arguments about gender 's role in Quranic interpretation . Barlas argued that gender should not be used as a category in interpretation of the Quran .
This interview has been edited for length and clarity .
Maggie McAden : How did you first get the opportunity to present your paper at the NYU Abu Dhabi Institute ?
Asma Barlas : Well , I wrote a book on the Quran in 2002 , and in the book , I basically make the case for reading the Quran as an anti-patriarchal text , which means the text does not have to be read as necessarily privileging men . And that 's a difficult argument to make because for 1,400 years that 's basically how the Quran has been read — as a male-privileging text . So that book is very well–known in some circles , and so this was a workshop on issues having to do with Tafsir , which means readings of the Quran and gender . And so the woman who convened the workshop is writing a book and she 's using my work as part of that . She 'd invited a number of scholars to come and present in this workshop .
MM : Could you give me an overview of the arguments in your paper ?
AB : So , the premise of the workshop was that … Muslim scholars , contemporary Muslim scholars , tend to read the Quran or engage in something called Quranic exegesis , or interpretation , as a field that 's separate from considerations of gender and gender studies . So , the premise was that maybe these two fields should be brought together and so that theoretical understanding of gender should inform our interpretations of the Quran , and our interpretations of the Quran should draw on theoretical understandings of gender .
So , that was the premise , and I argued against it because I feel that trying to inject gender into the Quran is not always helpful because of a number of reasons , one of which is that the Quran says God is uncreated , God is one and unique and it says do not use similitude for God , metaphor for God … So , if God is beyond sex and gender , then it seems to me that there is no reason for such a God to be partial toward males because one of the big claims that men make within religious patriarchies is that they are made in God 's image … And so as feminists have argued , men acquire a lot of power from these male representations of God , and so for me , it 's very liberating for Muslims to know that their God is beyond sex and gender .
The other argument I make is that missing from the Quran is actually any view of sexual differentiation . A scholar before me , Amina Wadud … argued that there is no concept of gendered man or woman in the Quran . I have followed in the wake of that argument , and my view is that the reason that there is no such concept of gender in the Quran is because missing from the Quran is the attribution of any symbolism to biological sex . That 's what gender is about — it 's basically a way to make sense of biology , biological sex , by sort of mapping gender symbolism onto it . And so then we come up with this binary view of women and men . I do n't think that 's particularly helpful because the way then we end up defining the genders already presumes a hierarchy between them . So , if missing from the Quran is gender as an important category , why impose gender onto it ?
MM : Did you find that at the workshop there were people with very different ideas than yours ?
AB : Oh , of course , mine was in a minority . I think that for a lot of women scholars of Islam it 's very important for women to be doing this kind of work , and I do n't disagree with that , but I have also pointed out that amongst contemporary scholars who are actually refuting the very idea that the Quran is a sacred text are women secular feminists . They are born Muslim , but they do n't necessarily believe in the divinity of the scripture . But , to be a Muslim is to believe in the divinity of the Quran . These days there 's a push against that idea … So , women can take any kind of position that they want , and to simply think that because more women are now reading the Quran , that they 're all reading it as some kind of liberal , anti-patriarchal text , is absolutely wrong .
MM : Could you explain the idea of essentialism and what that idea has to do with your argument ?
AB : The essentialist argument is when we reduce people to some aspect of their identity . So , it could be sex or race , or it could be anything else . It is trying to reduce a complex human being to just one factor alone . So , then we would say that if we think that women will always read a text differently than men , then we 're being essentialist about sex and gender . At least in the Quran and in Islam , we believe that women and men are equally capable of model individuality . It 's really a relationship between sex , gender and reading .
MM : Do you have any final thoughts ?
AB : I think the more complicated discussion that happened at that workshop was my critique of secular feminism and feminists who are challenging the sacrality , sacredness , of Islam scripture . To speak of that , one has to use theological categories . So , I 'm finding that people do n't really know much about theology , and they are making theological claims . For me , that is particularly frustrating because my work is primarily in theological hermeneutics .
By Kate Oczypok | October 5 , 2017 | People
Ray Donovan 's Pooch Hall is getting into some dark material with his role as Daryll—and he 's ready to dive in .
Pooch Hall spent his early years modeling and later acting on the BET show The Game . Hall also dabbled in rapping , but has since “ put the mic on the shelf. ” Now he can be seen on the Showtime drama Ray Donovan , as Daryll , with a dark twist this season . Hall shares with us what it 's like working with co-stars Liev Schreiber and Jon Voight , the secret to his happy 20+ year marriage , and his vision for our country 's future .
First of all , how did you earn the nickname Pooch ?
POOCH HALL : I 've been Pooch since I was in my mom 's Pooch . It started with my next door neighbor who used to say , `` How 's Pookie doing ? '' when I was in my mom 's stomach . My dad is from down South and never gets anyone 's name right so he started calling me Poochie . It just stuck .
I heard we can expect your character Daryll to go deeper and darker on Ray Donovan . The show has been on since early August , but what can we expect throughout the remainder of the season ?
PH : Absolutely , it gets really heavy . Daryll starts to walk down that dark road . They say be careful what you wish for ... he wants to be a Donovan so bad that he 's willing to do whatever it takes . He does things that are just beyond imaginable and heavy . He does it for his family but at what price , you know ? He 's really venturing into some troubled water this year for sure .
What 's it like working with Liev Schreiber and Jon Voight ? Have they given you any sage advice over the years ?
PH : It 's like working with the ying and the yang , take your pick on which one 's the yin and which one 's the yang , to me it does n't matter . They 're both brilliant and great . Jon—I say he 's my dad away from my dad and Liev is like a big brother . They both teach me things and have taught me things about being a better actor and a better person .
You 've done some modeling and rapping in the past . Any chance you 'll get back into those at some point ?
PH : I think the modeling can come at any time . I put the mic on the shelf though , I hung it up . I 'm going to leave that to Jay-Z , Nicki Minaj , and Chance the Rapper . My favorite rappers are Jay-Z , Jadakiss , Eminem , Drake , and Kanye . I think that it 's a field I kind of had fun in in college . I feel that I 'll rap for fun , but I 'm not trying to make a career out of it . I had one song that I did call “ Something Light ” by Consequence , Future , and Pooch Hall .
You shot Bleeder and A Dog 's Purpose . Did you catch the movie bug or do you prefer working in television more ?
PH : I prefer to work period . As long as you can stay working in this business then you 're doing something right . A Dog 's Purpose was fun . We got a bad break with the unfortunate video about the dog though . On Bleeder , which is now being called Chuck , I play the greatest Mohammed Ali , where I got to work with Liev again . He fought for me to get in that movie . I was just like , `` I want to do it all , not just movies , not just TV , I want to model , I want to rap if I can . '' Growing up in Massachusetts you had to do what you had to do . I 'd like to know I could do it all , I mean , why not ? It does n't hurt that you have a hit show either !
You met Linda , who is now your wife and not in the “ business , '' over 20 years ago . What 's your secret to a long and happy marriage ?
PH : A Lot of fun , lots of honesty , lots of sex , and I think you have to just keep it fun and simple . Every marriage has its own routine and way they go about the marriage and being with each other . My wife and I , our lives changed . Our oldest daughter was born with cerebral palsy and that changed us for the better . Our daughter makes us better but that does n't mean it does n't take a toll on us or that it 's all hunky dory . I 'm very fortunate that my career has been plentiful and my family they reap the benefits . I have been blessed to where I can continue to work and provide for them . My wife and my jobs help the family to grow and move forward . My wife and I just got back from Vegas and had a nice little daycation , a little weekend getaway . I love my wife very much and I love my family . I know her strengths and mine and we also try to strengthen each other 's weaknesses .
Does any of that change the expectations of what you want from your country ? What do you make of the current political climate ?
PH : I feel that we are definitely in trying times . A lot of emotions and unlawful actions going on . The country is divided based on who our commander in chief is . Take away all of that , look at yourself in the mirror and say how do I want to leave my legacy , how do I want to be remembered and treat other people and how do I want people to treat me . Sometimes we allow things to get in the way of what 's right and not allowing people to make free moves and choices . You can speak your peace and say I love you but I do n't agree with this . There 's no reason why if somebody 's different or somebody wants to do something different , we automatically frown or hold or nose up or do n't want to talk to them or curse them out . It 's kind of like to each his own . If we allow each person to have their own thought process , we can educate a person and show them hey this is why I do what I do . I think that as long as we do what 's right and make the right choices then the end result is something we can be proud of . My wife and I try to educate people on the handicapped world , they often get overlooked . If we all came together and do n't worry about who someone voted for , what someone 's driving , who 's got so much in the bank . If we 're just one race , one job , one love , there should be no reason why we could n't all live in harmony .
× Va. governor pushes ‘ military-style assault rifle ' ban
RICHMOND , Va. — Days after a gunman opened fire on a crowd of Las Vegas concerts-goers , Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe has ordered his public safety team to craft gun safety legislation . The bills would be submitted to the Virginia General Assembly for a vote before they could become law .
“ Elected officials who have the honor of serving here in Richmond have a responsibility to do everything we can to prevent the next mass shooting from happening in our Commonwealth , ” the governor said in a prepared statement on his actions . “ In the wake of the Las Vegas shooting , much attention has been paid to the ‘ bump stock ' device that allowed the shooter to kill and injure so many people in such a short period of time . We have a responsibility to ban that device in Virginia , and I will introduce legislation this session to do just that . ”
In addition to banning the bump stock , Governor McAuliffe will push to ban the sale and possession of “ military-style assault rifles ” and “ high-capacity magazines . ”
“ Those guns and magazines were not created for hunting or self-protection – they exist to allow a shooter to wound or kill as many people as possible as quickly as possible , ” he said .
“ Between now and the end of my term , my team and I will continue to fight every day to reduce gun violence and make our communities safer . ”
This is a developing story .
U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers apprehended a Mexican citizen on Friday who is wanted in Texas for sexual assault of a young girl . The fugitive Mexican national has an outstanding warrant for sexual-assault-continuous sexual abuse of a victim under the age of 14 years . The man attempted to enter the U.S. while traveling on a commercial bus .
Forty-one-year-old Martin Gerardo Perez Garcia tried to re-enter the country at the Texas-Mexican border through the Laredo Port of Entry .
Dallas County Sheriff 's Office previously filed a warrant for Perez Garcia 's arrest following the allegations of sexual assault and continuous sexual abuse of a young girl . U.S . Custom and Border Protection ( CBP ) officers discovered the warrant utilizing their law enforcement databases . Officers also confirmed it through biometric verification searches .
Officers apprehended Perez Garcia at the Juarez-Lincoln International Bridge .
“ Our CBP officers are committed to the CBP mission , and one of their responsibilities is to identify fugitives at our ports of entry and returning them to face justice for the crimes they have committed , ” said Port Director Albert Flores , Laredo Port of Entry .
“ When we encounter persons wanted by other law enforcement agencies , we verify the warrant and then carry out the appropriate law enforcement action . ”
This is not an uncommon situation for CBP officers .
On January 28 , CBP officers in Laredo apprehended a U.S. citizen attempting to enter Texas via the Laredo Port of Entry by bus . A records check on 67-year-old Gabriel Galvan Rodriguez revealed the man had an outstanding warrant from Marion County , Oregon , according to information obtained from CBP officials by Breitbart Texas . A court in Marion County issues the warrant for charges of sexual abuse , officials stated . CBP officers turned the man over to Webb County Sheriff 's Office deputies who transported him to the county jail pending extradition proceedings .
In April 2017 , CPB officers arrested a 48-year-old Mexican national attempting to flee prosecution in Oregon by absconding to Mexico , Breitbart Texas reported . Officers arrested Santiago Flores-Martinez , a previously deported criminal alien , at the San Ysidro port of entry after learning of a warrant from Clackamas County , Oregon . After his return to Oregon , a jury convicted Flores-Martinez on the charge of sexually assaulting a 9-year-old girl . Immigration officials previously deported the man in 2001 .
His sentencing hearing is scheduled for Monday .
According to a report by the Texas Department of Public Safety ( DPS ) entitled “ Texas Criminal Alien Arrest Data , ” 6,951 criminal aliens have been booked into Texas jails for sexual assault charges between June 1 , 2011 , and January 31 , 2018 . Of those , 3,207 have been convicted .
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow him on Twitter @ BobPriceBBTX , Gab , and Facebook .
President Donald Trump defied the media for continuing to hammer him for failing to immediately condemn alt-right protesters in Charlottesville , asserting that both sides were to blame for the violence .
“ Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the # Fake News Media will never be satisfied , ” Trump wrote on Twitter . “ Truly bad people ! ”
advertisement
Trump returned to Washington D.C. on Monday and specifically condemned neo-nazi , KKK , and white supremacist forces that attended the Charlottesville rally , calling them “ criminals and thugs ” who were “ repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans . ”
During an event on China policy , CNN 's Jim Acosta shouted a question to the president asking him why it took him so long to condemn hate groups .
“ They have been condemned , ” Trump replied .
“ Can we ask you some more questions then , sir ? ” Acosta added .
“ It does n't bother me at all , ” Trump replied , pointing to Acosta . “ But I like real news . You 're fake news . You 're fake news . ”
Other reporters signaled on Twitter and on television that Trump 's statement was too little too late , accusing him of acting insincere .
Reporters again shouted questions about why it took him days to denounce hate groups as he left the White House on Monday .
Trump gave them a thumbs up and boarded Marine One to leave the White House .
Elizabeth Tick , Ancaster
Somehow , citizens of Hamilton will survive
RE : An expensive parking ticket ( Dec. 1 )
Mr. O'Brien , sorry to hear of your daughter 's parking ticket and your subsequent comment that you will `` be the least supportive person in Canada for the City of Hamilton , the citizens of Hamilton . ''
I assure you , the amazing and resilient citizens of Hamilton will find a way to survive this loss of potential income !
Robert F. Baboth , Hamilton
Parking fine was probably justified
RE : An expensive parking ticket ( Dec. 1 )
David O'Brien from Belleville informs our readers that his daughter will not be attending MacMaster campus because the City of Hamilton gave her a parking ticket . Really ? I suspect the fine was given because the location has had ongoing problems with errant parked vehicles . These measures have to be in place to curb ( pardon the pun ) the ones who feel that rules do not apply to them .
I congratulate O'Brien on having such smart daughters ( his analysis ) . But at least one of them sounds entitled and aghast that she should be faced with such unfair punishment .
She better not consider attending a Toronto university , either , where they ticket or tow cars parked illegally because someone just had to `` run in for a second , '' backing up city traffic .
Linda Ploen , Burlington
Thanks for bringing new eyes to this problem
RE : An expensive parking ticket ( Dec. 1 )
Thank you for bringing eyes to a problem not just around McMaster , but downtown Hamilton in general . In recent times the city has turned its back on the real citizens of Hamilton , those of us who have visited , commuted , serviced and worked the downtown with our automobiles for years . Not these temporary pedal-pushers who have somehow convinced the city that using toys on our roads takes precedence over real transportation . It is a disgrace .
My family and I live on the Mountain , and in recent years have made the decision to completely avoid downtown business , and have our friends come up visit us . Want to know why your business is failing in downtown Hamilton ? If you drive there , and you ca n't park there , then I guess you do n't want us .
Ben James , Hamilton
We 'll be fine without this support
RE : An expensive parking ticket ( Dec. 1 )
Oh my ! Let 's first assure the letter writer that `` the City of Hamilton , the citizens of Hamilton , McMaster University and the graduates of that institution '' will do just fine without his support . What self aggrandizement ! Anyone who would choose not to attend a post secondary institution ( such an important choice ) based on a parking ticket is certainly short-sighted . What could possibly cause someone to assign such excessive and disproportionate importance to a parking ticket ? Finally , egotism , condescension and boasting never impress .
Loretta Kocsis , Hamilton ( Mac grad )
Why give space to a senseless rant ?
RE : An expensive parking ticket ( Dec. 1 )
I imagine your readers must have been amused by Mr. O'Brien 's letter .
Most drivers have been ticketed for a questionable offence at some time , and not just in Hamilton . So we pay up or fight it . We do n't write to a newspaper to say that we hold the whole city accountable , all its citizens , its university and all its graduates ! What surprises me even more is why The Spectator gives print space to such a senseless rant !
Valerie Mailloux , Hamilton
I have nothing against Belleville
RE : An expensive parking ticket ( Dec. 1 )
With a family of such brilliance you would think one would know where you can and ca n't park . You and your greater-than-thou and negative attitude can stay in Belleville . I do n't hate Belleville because you live in it . Chill out , Dave .
Mel Butler , Hamilton
letters @ thespec.com
Like it or not , we 're stuck , Colorado .
Every reliable study shows that the state has mounting transportation needs and woes , and more people will continue to pour into the state . At the same time , state legislators are deadlocked over finding serious money to fix the state 's serious problems .
The time for more toll roads in Colorado has arrived .
It 's no longer a question of whether we 're going to spend considerably more on expanding and fixing the state 's clogged and rapidly deteriorating roads . The question residents must answer — since Colorado state lawmakers wo n't — is , “ where 's the money going to come from ? ”
We 're talking big , big money here . Just a few months ago , state highway officials estimated Colorado needs about $ 9 billion just to fix and improve the highway system to the point of keeping it from failing .
Make no mistake about it . It 's failing . Denver interstates are impassible during rush hours that now begin at 5 a.m. and last until well past 8 p.m. most days . The once hour-long trips between Denver and Colorado Springs , or Denver and Fort Collins , rarely take less than two hours these days . And weekend runs to the slopes during ski season ? Hours and hours and hours .
The road system that has changed relatively little since the 1960s is choked with traffic , and new residents continue rushing into the state .
Year after year , state lawmakers argue over where money might come from , but they do little other than leave residents sitting in traffic , motoring on third-world roads and shaking their heads .
Democrats and more than just a few Republicans made a passionate case earlier this year to ask voters to raise sales taxes for roads a paltry one-third of a penny on a dollar spent , but they were slammed to the mat by small group of Republicans who have a death grip on their party and the state senate .
For years in the GOP caucus , it 's been “ no ” to raising the state 's too-low gas taxes . “ No ” to sales taxes . “ No ” to anything that does n't take money away from already critically underfunded public schools , colleges , health care or other vital programs .
And the people still keep coming to Colorado , and especially the Aurora-Denver metro area . Spending every dime the state collects on roads , however , would n't solve every statewide transportation problem . Mass transit plays a critical role in the puzzle . But effective , realistic mass transit and safe , functioning roads do n't preclude each other . Colorado has neither right now .
It 's time to set up toll booths on strategic parts of Colorado 's interstates to raise the money to at least fix and expand them without devouring what relatively few transportation dollars exist in the state .
It wo n't be easy . Currently , federal law prohibits states from imposing tolls on existing interstate lanes . But here 's one of the very , very few times we heartily agree with the Trump Administration , which wants to lift those restrictions . We 'll point out the Obama Administration wanted to do the same thing but was thwarted by partisan politics a few years ago . No longer an issue , we hope Colorado and other states will compel this Congress and White House to push toll-road changes through immediately .
The need is great , immediate and overwhelming . The Colorado Department of Transportation has elevated an expansion of I-25 between Denver and Colorado Springs , near Monument , that will easily cost $ 350 million . Anyone who 's recently made that commute knows how maddening the bottleneck is , which consumes endless hours and gallons of gasoline as commuters park on I-25 to wait their turn to move on to even more traffic .
Somewhere between Lone Tree and the south side of Air Force Academy are perfect places to set up toll booths , similar to what 's on interstates all over the country .
The state should toll I-25 there , as well as I-25 between Denver and Fort Collins ; I-70 east of Denver to at least Limon ; and I-70 from Golden to at least Vail ; and I-70 between Grand Junction and Aspen .
In identifying highly congested roadways that need and consume large amounts of Colorado transportation dollars , it 's clear that U.S. 36 between Denver and Boulder also should set up tolls to pay for future maintenance and expansion . The road was built with tolls back in the 1950s and 1960s to begin with . The current private-public contract could be modified to accommodate the change .
Tolling makes sense because it raises cash dedicated to the cause , and those who pay are benefiting from the improvements when they fork it over and roll on . The trick to success and fairness all around here is to keep tolls cheap enough to be reasonable , and high enough to raise the cash needed to build more lanes and better roads .
What 's reasonable ? How about starting the discussion at a buck or less ?
Given current road counts here 's an estimate on what the state could raise from strategic points :
• U.S. 36 “ The Boulder Toll Road ” from Denver to Boulder : 82,000 cars a day raising about $ 30 million a year in $ 1 tolls .
• Denver to Colorado Springs in I-25 : About 70,000 cars a day grossing about $ 26 million a year in $ 1 tolls .
• Denver to Fort Collins on I-25 : About 80,000 cars a day raising about $ 30 million a year .
• Denver to the ski country along I-70 west : About 45,000 cars a day raising about $ 16 million a year .
And there are many more opportunities between Grand Junction and Aspen or Denver , I-70 east of Denver and I-25 between New Mexico and Denver .
Relatively small tolls from these strategic highways could be parlayed into serious borrowing power to move desperately needed improvements and repairs into the fast lane .
Inside the Denver-Aurora metro area , a separate , small tax on the region 's nearly 2 million registered cars , possibly $ 2 a month , could raise an additional $ 48 million a year to help pay for desperately needed improvements and maintenance in the metroplex .
Additional money could and should be raised by imposing extra fees on commercial transport vehicles , such as semi-tractor trailers and tourism cars . An increase in gas taxes accompanied by rebates for Colorado residents could raise millions more for state transportation needs . It 's unfair and unwise to allow for-profit businesses and an increasing number of tourists enjoy the hard-work of Colorado residents because we do n't have an effective mechanism to have them pay their part .
The alternative to funding road improvement with tolls or some other hike in taxes or fees is what you struggle with every day on your commutes in Colorado . And there is nowhere in Colorado that it 's not going to get worse . Much worse .
Ask any current reasonable , responsible state legislator , there is no Colorado budgetary largess just waiting to be pointed at the state 's dire transportation needs . There are only equally dire needs in education , colleges , healthcare and how Colorado will handle a growing aging population and worsening teacher shortage .
Nobody wants to pay highway tolls . But reasonable Colorado residents want to make sure we can all get to critical destinations safely and without giving up the quality of life and environment that has been a hallmark of this state long before many in the state legislature moved here and are now trying to erode it .
Petersburg school officials say a funding cut passed by the state Senate would cost the district hundreds of thousands of dollars .
The Senate passed a budget this month with a five percent cut to education money that goes to school districts .
Superintendent Erica Kludt-Painter traveled to Juneau for a legislative fly-in this month and after told the school board it was a frustrating weekend .
“ I felt a little bit like a pawn and that was sort of how a lot of the administrators felt that were there and there were a lot of different people around but the Senate dropping the bomb last week about a five percent cut at this stage of the game , this time in the budget cycle , or the year , really can only be seen as a game of some sort really , ” Kludt-Painter said . “ It was a little frustrating to try and have conversations with legislators about that . ”
While the Senate 's budget has a 5 percent cut , the House has passed a budget with flat funding , no reduction to school money and the two chambers have to negotiate the final budget bill from those two .
The district 's finance director Karen Quitslund said a 5 percent cut to Petersburg 's state funding would equate to $ 335,000 less for the district .
“ The 5 percent decrease to foundation if that passes we 're going to receive , if we take the legislative numbers 335,000 ( less ) or funding of just over 5.8 million , ” Quitslund said . “ Probably more realistically we 're going meet somewhere in between flat and 5 percent . I do n't know if it will come in at 2 1/2 percent but I just wanted to show , even at a 2 1/2 percent increase it 's still $ 167,000 . It 's a lot of money . ”
The board has not yet talked about what those cuts could mean to school spending levels .
The district does have some positive budget news this year .
A small increase in enrollment is expected with 479 students projected in the three schools next year .
Quitslund also expects savings on health insurance costs to the district and its employees . Other savings are expected in utility bills if the borough finalizes a reduced electrical rate for the schools .
The new fiscal year for the schools starts in July and proposed budget is not expected out until later this spring .
CTV Atlantic
Halifax Regional Police have determined a suspicious package found in Bayers Lake is not a threat to the public .
Police responded to Miller Waste Systems on Horseshoe Lake Drive around 9:25 a.m. Wednesday after a staff member found the package .
The business was evacuated as a precaution and Susie Lake Crescent was closed to traffic at Chain Lake Drive for about two hours while police investigated .
Officers with the explosive disposal unit responded to the scene and blew up the package . They have determined there was no threat .
The business and streets have reopened .
April 10 Seaspan Corp -
* Seaspan announces board changes
* Appointed Larry Simkins , president , chief executive officer and director of Washington companies
* Following Seaspan 's 2017 annual general meeting , it is anticipated that board will expand from eight to nine members
* Following Seaspan 's 2017 annual general meeting , board will add David Sokol , a director of Washco and experienced executive , as a director
* Simkins to replace Graham Porter , who has resigned as a director of company Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
President Donald Trump on Monday rolled out his three-part plan to tackle the opioid epidemic — including some programs long championed by public health advocates — but it 's the proposal to impose the death penalty on drug traffickers that has raised the most eyebrows .
“ This is n't about being nice anymore , ” Trump told the crowd at a New Hampshire event . “ These are terrible people , and we have to get tough on those people . We can have all the blue-ribbon committees we want . But if we do n't get tough on the drug dealers , we 're wasting our time — just remember that , we 're wasting our time — and that toughness includes the death penalty . ”
Trump also offered support to policies increasing access to the opioid overdose antidote naloxone , calling for more medication-assisted treatment programs and highlighting a new high-profile advertising campaign to discourage America 's youth from trying drugs , similar to the “ Just Say No ” campaigns from the Reagan era .
However , public health experts roundly condemned the death penalty proposal , with some saying it renews the failed rhetoric from the war on drugs in the 1980s .
“ We ca n't execute our way out of this epidemic , ” said Dr. Andrew Kolodny , co-director of the Opioid Policy Research Collaborative at Brandeis University . “ To be talking about the death penalty sounds to me like a step backwards . ”
Dr. Guohua Li , a professor of epidemiology and anesthesiology at Columbia University who has studied the epidemic for more than a decade , also cast doubt on the effectiveness of such a policy .
“ Criminal justice can play a complementary role in addressing the opioid crisis , ” Li said , “ but relying on the criminal justice system to address public health problems has proven unwise , costly , ineffective and often counterproductive . ”
The opioid epidemic claimed 64,000 lives in drug overdoses in 2016 and has killed more than 500,000 people since 2000 , according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Trump has declared the epidemic a public health emergency — and public health experts said that 's where the focus should be .
“ Like the epidemics of Ebola and Zika , ” Li said , “ the opioid crisis will ultimately be resolved through a public health approach by public health professionals working in the CDC , state and county health departments , and academic institutions in collaboration with other government agencies and community organizations across society . ”
In New Hampshire , Trump laid out his vision for tackling the opioid crisis , saying his approach would be three-pronged : reducing demand through education , cutting off the flow of illicit drugs and saving lives by expanding opportunities for evidence-based addiction treatment .
But he most emphasized that it was time get tough on drug dealers .
“ You know it 's an amazing thing . Some of these drug dealers will kill thousands of people during their lifetime — thousands of people — and destroy many more lives than that , ” Trump said . “ They 'll get caught , and they 'll get 30 days in jail , or they 'll go away for a year , or they 'll be fined . ”
“ So if we 're not going to get tough on the drug dealers who kill thousands of people and destroy so many people 's lives , we are just doing the wrong thing , ” the president said . “ Toughness is the thing they most fear . ”
His comments were met with applause .
“ Whether you are a dealer or doctor or trafficker or a manufacturer , if you break the law and illegally peddle these deadly poisons , we will find you , we will arrest you , and we will hold you accountable . ”
Trump stressed the death penalty would be sought for the “ big pushers , the ones who are really killing people. ” At one point , he referenced an unspecified country that he claimed does n't have a drug problem because it has “ zero tolerance for drug dealers . ”
“ Take a look at some of those countries , ” Trump said . “ They do n't play games . They do n't have a drug problem . ”
However , he acknowledged that the United States may not support this plan . “ Maybe our country is not ready for that . It 's possible … and I can understand it , ” he said . “ Maybe , although personally , I ca n't understand that . ”
Some of the president 's proposals have been endorsed by experts . Naloxone , the overdose antidote , is extremely effective and can start working in minutes . Harm reduction groups and needle exchanges have been distributing it since 1996 , and the CDC says more than 26,000 overdoses have been reversed since then .
Many addiction specialists consider medication-assisted treatment the gold standard of addiction treatment . It utilizes behavioral therapy as well as medications like buphrenorphine and methadone that can reduce cravings and withdrawal symptoms from opioid use .
A senior White House official said the administration would not be waiting for Congress to propose legislation on the death penalty proposal , saying it is something the Justice Department is “ examining to move ahead with to make sure that 's done appropriately . ”
The official declined to give an example of when the death penalty might be used , referring all questions to the Department of Justice . “ Obviously , there are instances where that would be appropriate , ” the official said .
Li said the government 's action to impose more severe penalties for drug trafficking crimes is “ understandable and , if implemented judiciously and with other more substantive and comprehensive interventions , is likely efficacious. ” But he cautioned , “ the increased penalty by itself , however , is unlikely to make a significant impact on the opioid epidemic . ”
John Blume , a law professor at Cornell University and director of the university 's Death Penalty Project , said the Federal Drug Kingpin Act , which allowed federal prosecutors to seek the death penalty in which a homicide occurred during the commission of a drug transaction , yielded “ few kingpins or major dealers — and mostly ensnared poor , African-American , mid- to low-level persons involved in the drug trade . ”
“ There is no reason to believe this new call for capital punishment in homicide cases for drug dealers will be any more successful , ” Blume said .
Maria McFarland Sánchez-Moreno , executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance , a nonprofit group that seeks to end the war on drugs , called the policy “ deeply cynical . ”
“ There 's a lot Trump should be doing ; instead , he 's resorting to recycled drug war rhetoric , using his usual bombastic approach to rally his base , ” Sánchez-Moreno said . “ It reveals a lack of interest in helping the people who are affected by this crisis , and he 's using it for purely political goals . ”
She said Trump 's announcement was n't surprising , just disappointing . “ He 's been praising President ( Rodrigo ) Duterte in the Philippines forever , and that 's somebody who advocates going out and murdering people who use drugs , ” she said .
The Trump administration , she said , needs to “ drop its obsession with killing and locking people up and instead focus resources on what works : harm-reduction strategies and access to evidence-based treatment and prevention . ”
On Twitter , the reaction was similar , with people wondering whether the administration would seek the death penalty for executives at pharmaceutical companies or for doctors at so-called pill mills . Others questioned the logic behind the move .
Dr. Leana Wen , Baltimore City Health Commissioner , echoed that sentiment . “ The war on drugs has not worked , ” she said . “ The last thing we need is to further criminalize the disease of addiction . We need for everyone to understand addiction is a disease , that treatment exists and recovery is possible . ”
What is needed , she said , is tens of billions of new money for the epidemic . “ We already know what works , ” she said . “ We just need the funding to get us there . ”
Kolodny added that it makes some sense to seek stricter penalties for major fentanyl suppliers and pill mill doctors for pushing drugs that can kill , but he said that seeking the death penalty seems to be an overreach .
“ The reality is , most people who are selling drugs are suffering from opioid addiction , and they sell drugs to support their own habit , ” Kolodny said .
“ When I start hearing about the death penalty , it just seems to me we 're going in the wrong direction . ”
A reeling White House faced a barrage of political fire Tuesday after the resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn , with questions swirling about President Donald Trump 's handling of the issue and his connections to Russia .
The Bank of Canada held its key interest rate target , but hinted that rate hikes
The Bank of Canada is seen in Ottawa on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
The Bank of Canada kept its key interest rate target on hold Wednesday , but hinted that rate hikes could be coming as it noted the Canadian economy was a little stronger than expected in the first quarter .
The central bank held steady its target for the overnight rate — a key financial benchmark that influences the prime lending rates at the country 's big banks — at 1.25 per cent .
A statement released with the decision noted that exports were more robust than forecast as data on imports of machinery and equipment suggest continued recovery in investment , but also pointed to softer real estate activity into the second quarter as the market ” continues to adjust to new mortgage guidelines and higher borrowing rates . ”
“ Going forward , solid labour income growth supports the expectation that housing activity will pick up and consumption will continue to contribute importantly to growth in 2018 , ” it said .
The central bank also said global economic activity remains broadly on track , but added that ongoing uncertainty about trade policies is dampening global business investment and stresses are developing in some emerging market economies .
It noted that recent developments have reinforced its view that higher rates will be warranted to keep inflation near its target , but added that it will take a gradual approach and be guided by the economic data .
“ In particular , the bank will continue to assess the economy 's sensitivity to interest rate movements and the evolution of economic capacity , ” it said .
Related : Bank of Canada holds benchmark interest rate as economic growth moderates
Related : Bank of Canada says Canadians owe $ 2 trillion as it mulls next rate hike
Economists had predicted the Bank of Canada would keep its key rate on hold Wednesday , but many have suggested the rate may be headed higher later this year .
The central bank 's statement had “ a hawkish tone , suggesting the next rate hike is not far off , ” said TD Bank senior economist Brian DePratto .
“ All told , the positives seem to outweigh the negatives , ” DePratto wrote in a note to clients .
“ Gone was the reference to ‘ caution ' that typified the last few statements . Today 's statement instead chose the term ‘ gradual ' to describe the approach to policy adjustments . Importantly , interest rate sensitivity and the evolution of economic capacity remained areas of particular focus . ”
The central bank 's decision to keep its trend-setting rate on hold came as inflation sits above the two per cent midpoint of its target range of one to three per cent and core inflation has crept past the two per cent mark for the first time since 2012 .
It noted that inflation will likely be a bit higher in the near term than was forecast in its April monetary policy report due to recent increases in gasoline prices , but that it will look through the transitory impact of the fluctuations at the pump .
The central bank has raised its key rate three times since last summer , increases that have prompted the big Canadian banks to raise their prime rates which are used to set the rates charged for variable-rate mortgages and other variable-rate loans .
Its next scheduled interest rate decision is set for July 11 when it will also update its outlook for the economy and inflation in its monetary policy report .
Craig Wong , The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
A woman was arrested late Sunday during immigration protests outside the Atlanta Detention Center .
Scroll for more content ...
About 50 protesters started erecting tents on city property , which is when officers asked them to remove the tents , according to a spokesperson with the Atlanta Police Department .
The police spokesperson says a group of officers moved in to remove the tents after the protesters refused to remove the tents themselves . At this point , police say the protesters became violent , fighting and throwing frozen water bottles at officers .
The woman arrested was not immediately identified by authorities , but they did say she was charged with disorderly conduct .
Police say they will maintain their distance at the scene and allow the individuals to peacefully protest .
No officers were injured .
James Clapper testifies to the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence hearing on “ Russia 's intelligence activities '' on Capitol Hill in Washington , U.S. January 10 , 2017 . REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
CAMBRIDGE , Mass . Russia succeeded in its goals of sowing discord in U.S. politics by meddling in the 2016 presidential election , which will likely inspire similar future efforts , two top former U.S. voices on intelligence said on Tuesday .
Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and former House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers agreed at a panel at Harvard University that Russia likely believed it had achieved its goals and could attempt to repeat its performance in elections in other countries .
`` Their purpose was to sew discontent and mistrust in our elections they wanted us to be at each other 's throat when it was over , '' Rogers said at the panel at Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government . `` It 's influencing , I would say , legislative process today . That 's wildly successful . ''
Congressional committees have been investigating the issue since U.S. intelligence agencies in January concluded Russian President Vladimir Putin had ordered hacking of Democratic political groups to sway the election toward Republican Donald Trump . Moscow has denied any such meddling and Trump has been dismissive of the intelligence suggesting Russian involvement .
Clapper said that Russia had long sought to influence U.S. voter behaviour but discovered it could be far more effective at a lower cost by using social media to spread misinformation .
`` This is the most assertive , most aggressive and most directly impactful of any engagement that they have had in our elections , '' Clapper said at the event , in Cambridge , Massachusetts just outside Boston . `` They have to regard what they did as a huge success . They 've been doing it in France and they 'll do it in Germany . ''
Russia has also denied attempting to influence France 's presidential election .
Rogers maintained that he did not believe that Russia had specifically attempted to boost Trump 's chances of victory .
`` They saw the same polls that we did , '' Rogers said . `` Some notion that the Russians knew that Trump had an opportunity to win this thing more than U.S. public pollsters thought , I find ridiculous . ''
The congressional probe on whether Russia attempted to influence the election in favour is not the only investigation into relations between Moscow and the Trump administration . The Pentagon has also launched an investigation into whether Michael Flynn , Trump 's former national security adviser , accepted money from foreign entities without the required approval .
Clapper is set to testify to a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on the matter next week .
( Reporting by Scott Malone ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker )
GETTING READY - Sue Barker and Sheila Wright help set up the Middle Schools Awesome Art Show , held in the Kiwanis Gallery through to May 21st . Mark Weber/Red Deer Express
Red Deer Arts Council and the Red Deer Public Library are pleased to present the 33rd Middle Schools Awesome Art Show , held in the Kiwanis Gallery through to May 21st .
From TV shows to celebrities to the world around them , middle school students indeed see the world with unique eyes .
To that end , this annual exhibit delights its audience with a variety of works expressing these students ' talents as they experiment with various subject matter and media .
The ‘ First Friday ' Red Deer opening reception runs May 4th from 6 to 8 p.m .
The show features students from Eastview , Central , Gateway , West Park and Glendale Middle Schools .
“ You never know what you are going to get , ” explained Diana Anderson of the Red Deer Arts Council . “ There are some themes that they work with consistently that show up year after year , but it 's all about the way kids interpret the work that they are given to do , ” she said .
“ It 's like opening a Christmas present because you are n't sure what you are going to get , what it 's going to look like . Or how it 's going to hang , ” she added , referring to the plethora of paintings donning the walls of the Kiwanis Gallery .
This year , there are 74 pieces altogether .
“ I love this exhibit because it 's so full – it gives people lots to look at and lots to figure out what it is these students are doing through their art , ” she said . “ This one is really creative – there is some really neat stuff . ”
Anderson said over the years it 's been amazing to watch the youth flourish in their skills , with some moving on to explore their artistic styles further via post-secondary studies .
And while , as mentioned , there is no prescribed theme to the exhibit , there are a few things that seem to pop up regularly from year to year . “ We always get really strong portrait pieces , and then you see all of these semi-abstract pieces , ” she said , adding that animals and landscapes are popular subjects as well .
Next up for the Kiwanis Gallery ( May 23rd to June 17th ) is ‘ Hang-ups and Insights : the 10th Annual IB and AP Art Show with Lindsay Thurber Comprehensive High School and Hunting Hills High School ' .
This exhibit features the artwork of the graduating students of the Advanced Placement and the International Baccalaureate Art Programs . From installation art to ceramics to prints and drawings and more , this exhibit showcases the young people who will be the next generation of talented artists , notes a release .
The First Friday opening runs June 1st from 6 to 8 p.m .
ATHENS May 2 Greece said on Tuesday it wants to tap bond markets soon after reaching a comprehensive deal with its international lenders , including debt relief .
Greece expects to conclude talks on fiscal issues and reforms by May 22 to conclude a crucial bailout review which will pave the way for the disbursement of vital loans .
`` The Greek government is aiming at tapping the markets as soon as possible after wrapping up the second ( bailout ) review and a comprehensive deal on the medium-term ( measures ) for the debt , '' government spokesman Dimitris Tzanakopoulos told a news conference . ( Reporting Renee Maltezou , Writing by Lefteris Papadimas )
DENVER | Colorado 's largest city is reviewing the first application from a business seeking to be among the nation 's first legal marijuana clubs , more than a year after voters approved a bring-your-own pot measure .
Dan Rowland , a spokesman for the Denver department that regulates marijuana businesses , said the city received the application from a business called the Coffee Joint on Friday . The location is in a light industrial area off Interstate 25 in central Denver .
Rita Tsalyuk , one of the co-owners of the business , said she and partner Kirill Merkulov plan a $ 5 entry fee if they 're approved for the license . Customers could use edible pot products or vaporizing pens inside , and the shop would sell food , host events and provide free coffee or tea , she said .
Denver voters approved the clubs in a 2016 ballot measure , but it took nine months for the city to start accepting applications . Advocates have complained that state restrictions preventing pot use at any business with a liquor license and the city 's own rules unfairly limited potential locations for the clubs .
For instance , the city required clubs to be twice as far from liquor stores from schools and anywhere else children gather .
Tsalyuk , a real estate agent who moved to Denver 27 years ago from Ukraine , said her husband owns a dispensary only a few doors away from the coffee shop location . Customers buying marijuana products often ask where they 're allowed to legally use it , and employees have few answers for tourists staying in hotels that ban marijuana use , she said .
The coffee shop could be an easy solution , she said .
The partners already have the backing of the La Alma Lincoln Park Neighborhood Association , which submitted a letter of support to the city . Applicants have to show community support for their proposal as part of the licensing process .
“ We want to give a better name to the cannabis industry and be good for residents too , ” Tsalyuk said .
Colorado law does n't address pot clubs . In some cities , they are tolerated while others operate secretly .
Other states with legal marijuana are at a standstill for developing rules governing places to consume products , including Alaska where state regulators have delayed discussion of rules for retail shops until spring .
It could be months before Denver residents and tourists would be allowed to legally vape or eat pot products at the coffee shop though .
The city has just started to review the application . A public hearing will probably be scheduled within 2 to 3 months , Rowland said .
“ We 're looking forward to the next step in this process , ” Rowland said . “ We knew the first application would come , there was never a doubt about that . ”
In the meantime , Tsalyuk and Merkulov want to open their business before the end of the year as a traditional coffee shop . Initial construction is done and they 're searching for furniture and other details that will create a “ very clean , classy ” feeling , she said .
APRIL 24 , 2018 — Rolls-Royce has signed a contract to deliver ship design and an extensive range of equipment to a 70 m long stern trawler to be built for Olympic Seafood based in Fosnavåg , Norway .
The vessel is to be built by Turkey 's Cemre Shipyard . The shipbuilding contract includes an option for a second vessel of the same type for Olympic Seafood .
Shipowner Stig Remøy , said : `` This is a new and modern generation of trawler . The planning and design has been conducted under the headline smarter , greener and safer . Low energy consumption and reduced emissions make the concept a perfect fit for our strategy of sustainable ocean harvesting . Rolls-Royce has played a central role in the development of our new ship . ''
The vessel will be of type NVC 370 with a low resistant hull design that meets increased demands for fuel efficiency combined with good sea keeping .
Monrad Hide , Rolls-Royce , Vice President Sales , said : `` It 's a pleasure working with ambitious shipping owners such as Stig Remøy and his team . We 've designed a highly efficient trawler that will be equipped with a package of power and propulsion , electrical and automation systems that will deliver benefits to both the owner and the environment , as well as safety and good working conditions for the crew . ''
The equipment to be delivered by Rolls-Royce includes a Bergen B33:45 diesel engine as part of a hybrid propulsion system that can deliver both mechanical and diesel-electric drive to the vessel 's Promas integrated rudder and propeller system . A Hybrid Shaft Generator ( HSG ) ensures optimum propeller and engine efficiency by running both at their most efficient point .
Rolls-Royce deliveries will also include its latest deck winches , driven by a permanent magnet electric motor .
The new vessel is designed for bottom trawling as well as pelagic trawling . It will have a modern factory deck arrangement to handle and freeze both white fish and shrimp and ensure a high quality catch .
The vessel is expected to be delivered from the shipyard in 2020 .
* Price hike linked to oil-indexed contract with Gazprom
* Business says the increase serious hit to industries
By Angel Krasimirov
SOFIA , March 31 Bulgaria will raise wholesale natural gas prices by 29.6 percent from April 1 to reflect higher prices of alternative fuels on international markets , the energy regulator said on Friday .
The sharp increase is an early test for the new government , which is expected to be formed next month after an early parliamentary election on Sunday .
Bulgaria gets almost all its natural gas supplies from Russia 's Gazprom under a oil-indexed contract .
Utility prices are a politically sensitive topic in the European Union 's poorest country because they make up a large portion of monthly household expenses . High electricity bills sparked nationwide street protests which toppled the government of Prime Minister Boiko Borisov in 2013 .
The April hike is expected to hurt gas-dependent Bulgarian industries , weighing on their competitiveness , and translate into higher bills for hot water and heating to households .
The State Commission for Energy and Water Regulation said in a statement it had set gas prices at 382 levs ( $ 208 ) per 1,000 cubic metres for the second quarter of 2017 .
It said the new gas price was still lower than the price at the beginning of last year when it was 405.6 levs per 1,000 cubic metres and was a direct consequence of the increase of global oil prices and stronger U.S. dollar .
SENSITIVE TOPIC
Bulgarian regulations require the gas wholeseller , state-owned Bulgargaz , to set the gas price quarterly , based on its contact with Gazprom with the energy regulator taking the final decision .
The new hot water and heating prices - expected increase between 20 and 35 percent -- will be announced next week .
The double-digit hike in gas price prompted heavy criticism from local employers and industrialists .
`` The increase will seriously affect industry in Bulgaria , '' Bozhidar Danev , executive president of Bulgaria 's largest industrial association BIA , told Reuters , adding that chemical and metallurgical companies will be most affected .
The higher prices will also influence bread prices , because 60 percent of the bakeries work on gas . ( $ 1 = 1.8324 leva ) ( Reporting by Angel Krasimirov ; Editing by Ruth Pitchford )
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 ' game
BATON ROUGE , La . ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Louisiana Lottery 's `` Pick 3 '' game were :
5-1-2
( five , one , two )
( Corrects story from March 31 . Corrects the number of investors to 157 from 172 in body text . Company corrected its own statement . )
April 13 Columbus Energy SA :
* Reported that it allotted 4,335 series B bonds of the total nominal value of 4.3 million zlotys ( $ 1.08 million ) to 157 investors
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 3.9926 zlotys ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
A student group formed to address “ white privilege ” at Ohio 's Kenyon College bars white members from asking questions of a person of color as part of a process to combat racism .
“ Racism is a white people problem , ” said the group 's student founder , Juniper Cruz—a self-described “ Queer Afro-Latinx Muslim ” —at the first meeting , which drew about 50 students .
The Whiteness Group , run through the school 's multicultural center , “ works to educate students on whiteness , what it means to be white , and ways to deconstruct whiteness to work towards anti-racist actions , ” Cruz said in an interview with The Thrill .
“ The discussions explore what it means to be a white person while benefiting from societal privilege , as well as what it means to be a white ally to marginalized groups , ” according to campus news reports from the Gambier , Ohio , college .
The group 's second meeting was attended by Rachel Kessler , an Episcopalian priest and chaplain of Kenyon College , who afterward wrote in an email to the school newspaper , “ As white people , we can become paralyzed by our sense of shame for our racial privilege or by our fear of accidentally saying something problematic . Neither of those impulses are actually productive for combating racism and white supremacy . ”
Founded as a Christian seminary for the formation of Episcopal clergy , Kenyon College opened its doors to women in 1969 and now takes great pride in its diversity , as well as its commitment to “ green initiatives . ”
“ At Kenyon , we see diversity as central to who we are and what we do — an ideal of inclusiveness that we strive to put into practice every day , ” the school 's website states . “ We believe that it 's vital to foster diversity in all facets of campus culture , from the people who work and study here , to the experiences they have , to the environment in which they live — the spirit of the place . ”
The Whiteness Group exemplifies the school 's quest for a certain sort of diversity typical of modern liberal arts colleges in America , where all opinions and viewpoints are welcome as long as they do not challenge the liberal Zeitgeist .
The group encourages a certain amount of debate but also has regulations .
“ Some ground rules at the Snowden Multicultural Center 's Whiteness Group : If you have an unpopular opinion , speak up . No white person can ask a person of color questions ; white people must try to answer their questions for themselves . And no spreading rumors about what people say during the meetings , ” the Kenyon Collegian reported .
Cruz said the chief aim of the group is to create “ a sustainable form of activism . ”
“ I decided to start this group last semester when I got tired of white people who would post these very intellectual and passionate statuses on their social media accounts , but that 's as far as their activism went , ” Cruz said .
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @ tdwilliamsrome
TORONTO — Ontario 's Liberal Party meets today to hear from Premier Kathleen Wynne , who is expected to deliver a `` rally-style '' speech to party members for the last time before the coming spring provincial election .
The gathering in downtown Toronto , which enters its second day today , will focus on campaign preparedness , volunteer training and recruitment .
Wynne 's speech , expected late Saturday afternoon , is one of two keynote addresses at the weekend event .
Also delivering a keynote address is Grey Cup-winning coach of the Toronto Argonauts , Marc Trestman , around noon .
Wynne opened the convention Friday night by participating in a candidate spotlight and taking questions from party members .
Ontario 's general election is June 7 .
On Friday , Wynne again stressed her campaign themes of creating fairness and opportunity for all Ontarians , as she has for months leading up to the election .
`` We 're entering into a very interesting period , '' she said , laughing . `` Is that fair to say ? And I 've got a great team behind me . We 're here to talk about the values that are the Liberal values that drive us . ''
Touting policies such as the provincial minimum wage increase and free post-secondary tuition , Wynne also said she believes that government should help people do things they ca n't do for themselves .
`` We 're not a business , '' Wynne said . `` We 're a caring society and our government has to be an expression of that . ''
BRIEF-Yingli Green Energy Q1 adjusted loss per ADS was RMB10.6
* Yingli Green Energy Holding Co Ltd - ‍pv module shipments in q2 of 2017 is expected to be in range of 950mw to 1,050mw​
Kris is now part of the roster of talents of East West Artists in Los Angeles
MANILA , Philippines – Kris Aquino has formally signed with US talent agency East West Artists in Los Angeles on Monday , April 17 , the TV host and actress announced .
`` I am now being managed globally by East West Artists headquartered in Los Angeles . My entertainment career will be under the direct supervision of one of their partners [ Chris Lee ] , '' she said the news on Instagram .
Kris was with son Bimby during the trip .
I am now being managed globally by East West Artists headquartered in Los Angeles ... My entertainment career will be under the direct supervision of one of their partners , @ agentchrislee . # NewBlessing # NewJourney A post shared by Kris Aquino ( @ krisaquino ) on Apr 17 , 2017 at 4:21pm PDT
On its Facebook page , East West Artists says it brings `` the best talents of Asia and Hollywood together . This two-way street brings bigger , better and bolder opportunities on both sides that are exciting , relevant , and fresh . ''
In another post , Kris said that she will keep mum for now about the details of her upcoming project .
`` Obeying the request of [ Chris Lee ] , believing in the wisdom of [ Nico F ] , and for the peaceful hearts of my sisters . # challengeaccepted , '' she said .
Obeying the request of @ agentchrislee , believing in the wisdom of @ nix722 , and for the peaceful hearts of my sisters . # challengeaccepted A post shared by Kris Aquino ( @ krisaquino ) on Apr 17 , 2017 at 5:17pm PDT
On Sunday , April 16 , Kris announced that she was flying to Los Angeles , after passing an audition , wherein she went through `` 5 levels of intense scrutiny . ''
Kris returned to television on April 9 via the TV special Trip Ni Kris , which aired on GMA 7 . – Rappler.com
Lt. Richard Collins III WAS MURDERED a 25 min drive from Capitol by `` alt-Reich '' garbage . @ RepChrisCollins said nothing . None of them did .
— Dave Zirin ( @ EdgeofSports ) June 14 , 2017
The sprawling Los Feliz , California , mansion at the center of one of Hollywood 's unsolved crimes was sold for nearly $ 5 million , according to LA Magazine .
The home , known as the Sowden Residence , was designed by architect Lloyd Wright and evokes a Mayan temple with a pyramid-like facade and concrete construction . It was listed and sold by Douglas Elliman .
Emblazoned on the blocks of concrete are the symbols for elements such as water , earth and air .
For decades , the mansion has been a popular location for television and film shoots , but the most fascinating aspect of the home lies in the murder that a former resident claims took place in its basement .
Living room Courtesy Douglas Elliman Real Estate
Pool Courtesy Douglas Elliman Real Estate
The property has been suggested as the site where the aspiring actress Elizabeth Short , was killed , receiving the moniker of the “ Black Dahlia . ”
Elizabeth Short became known as the Black Dahlia after her murder in 1947 . Getty
On the morning of January 15 , 1947 , Short 's mutilated body was discovered on the sidewalk of a Los Angeles parking lot . The 22-year-old 's body was found cut in half . She had been bathed and drained of blood .
As details of her gruesome murder began to emerge , the press dubbed her the Black Dahlia after the exotic but intoxicating flower .
Bedroom Courtesy Douglas Elliman Real Estate
Den Courtesy Douglas Elliman Real Estate
Bedroom Courtesy Douglas Elliman Real Estate
Bathroom Courtesy Douglas Elliman Real Estate
The home was once owned by Dr. George Hodel . In 2003 , his son Steve Hodel , a retired LAPD homicide detective , wrote a book pointing the finger at his deceased father as the main suspect in Short 's death . Hodel was never charged with the crime .
It has remained one of Hollywood 's most mystifying unsolved crimes .
Bathroom Courtesy Douglas Elliman Real Estate
Bedroom room facing the courtyard Courtesy Douglas Elliman Real Estate
Bedroom Courtesy Douglas Elliman Real Estate
Kitchen Courtesy Douglas Elliman Real Estate
Dining Room Courtesy Douglas Elliman Real Estate
Courtesy Douglas Elliman Real Estate
Den Courtesy Douglas Elliman Real Estate
The Mayan-inspired structure boasts the original copper doors , with four wings inside that create a large rectangle around a central courtyard and swimming pool . A raised spa is also featured .
A chrome island and breakfast bar complement an industrial-style kitchen with doors leading to the dining room .
Four bedrooms , four baths and two half baths come within the home , as well . The 5,600 sq . foot home also has a garage and maid 's quarters .
Bank of England Governor Mark Carney leaves after speaking at 2017 Institute of International Finance ( IIF ) policy summit in Washington , U.S. , April 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
Bank of England Governor Mark Carney speaks at 2017 Institute of International Finance ( IIF ) policy summit in Washington , U.S. , April 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
Bank of England Governor Mark Carney speaks at 2017 Institute of International Finance ( IIF ) policy summit in Washington , U.S. , April 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
Bank of England Governor Mark Carney speaks at 2017 Institute of International Finance ( IIF ) policy summit in Washington , U.S. , April 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
Bank of England Governor Mark Carney leaves after speaking at 2017 Institute of International Finance ( IIF ) policy summit in Washington , U.S. , April 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON Bank of England Governor Mark Carney told bankers on Thursday that financial regulations devised after the 2008-09 crisis can not be set in stone , and must be flexible enough to deal with unintended consequences and unexpected gaps .
Speaking in Washington , where U.S. President Donald Trump plans to pare back banking rules he says hamper growth , Carney championed a `` dynamic '' approach to regulation that was flexible but ensured the global financial system remained resilient .
`` Implementation must not only be effective , it must also be dynamic , '' he told a conference hosted by the Institute of International Finance , a gathering dominated by major banks .
`` Authorities must learn by doing and make adjustments , as necessary , to optimise our efforts , without compromising on the level of resilience the reforms are intended to achieve , '' he said .
Drawing on language first used in a speech at the London office of Thomson Reuters earlier this month , Carney said global regulation was coming to a fork in the road , with a risk of a return to mutual suspicion between regulators and inconsistent sets of national rules .
Britain 's departure from the European Union would be a litmus test for cooperation between regulators , he stressed .
Carney said that the Financial Stability Board - a grouping of 20 leading central banks which he chairs - was working on a review of regulation since the financial crisis .
`` Specifically , it will assess whether G20 reforms are achieving their intended outcomes , identify any regulatory gaps or emerging risks , and flag any potential material unintended consequences , '' he said .
Britain 's central bank chief was more guarded about national attempts to review rules , though he did not mention any by name .
`` These are to be welcomed , provided the overall level of resilience is maintained , '' he added .
An international consensus on regulation - such as that led by the FSB - was essential to avoid financial institutions playing one country off against the other , Carney said .
But he stressed that the FSB did not have the power to force countries to act .
`` Decisions are ultimately matters for national authorities who - acting out of enlightened self-interest and in recognition of the benefits of a resilient and open global financial system - guide and discipline the reform process , '' he said .
The U.S. Federal Reserve 's participation in the FSB is opposed by some U.S. Republicans . On Jan. 31 Representative Patrick McHenry wrote to Fed Chair Janet Yellen urging her to stop working with the FSB , as he believed the FSB 's views effectively proved binding on U.S. banks .
Yellen rejected the lawmaker from North Carolina 's argument , saying the Fed did not view FSB recommendations as binding , and sometimes adopted different standards to those discussed globally .
( Additional reporting by Huw Jones ; Writing by David Milliken ; Editing by Andy Bruce and Catherine Evans )
April 20 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
THE GLOBE AND MAIL
* * China 's envoy to Canada is calling for a rapid conclusion of exploratory free-trade talks so negotiators can quickly get down to work on a far-ranging trade agreement with `` win-win results '' for both countries . tgam.ca/2oNJ9E4
* * Home Capital Group Inc and three of its current or former executives are being accused of making false and misleading statements to the public about the reasons the alternative mortgage lender had begun to extend fewer loans . tgam.ca/2oNOlbr
NATIONAL POST
* * Ontario is poised to announce sweeping measures to deal with its overheated Toronto housing market , with sources close to the situation saying a 15 per cent tax on non-residents buying in the region is at the top of the list . bit.ly/2oNU3d9
* * The Ontario Superior Court of Justice has ruled in favour of Bombardier Inc in its dispute with Metrolinx . bit.ly/2oNLT4y
* * Joe Natale wants to create a culture that prioritizes customer service in his new role as chief executive officer of Rogers Communications Inc. bit.ly/2oNIAKP ( Compiled by Gaurika Juneja in Bengaluru )
The Village of Galena celebrated its annual tree lighting ceremony on the square Dec. 3 . A couple hundred people came out on a chilly night to hear carols , light candles , and see the lights come on .
The Village of Galena celebrated its annual tree lighting ceremony on the square Dec. 3 . A couple hundred people came out on a chilly night to hear carols , light candles , and see the lights come on . The Village of Galena celebrated its annual tree lighting ceremony on the square Dec. 3 . A couple hundred people came out on a chilly night to hear carols , light candles , and see the lights come on .
The R5 is based on the sixth-generation of the hatchback , which is expected to arrive in India sometime in 2018
Volkswagen has showcased the rally-spec Polo GTI R5 in Mallorca , Spain . The car shares its underpinnings with the next-gen 2018 Volkswagen Polo GTI . The car first participated in the World Rally Championship in 2013 and has won four titles since then .
The GTI R5 gets a 1.6-litre 4-cylinder turbocharged engine developing 272PS of power and 400Nm of torque . A close-ratio 5-speed sequential gearbox sends power to all four wheels for improved grip on asphalt , gravel and snow . The package weighs just 1320kg , and it takes just 4.1 seconds to accelerate from zero to 100kmph .
The road-going sixth-generation Polo GTI gets a 2.0-litre turbo petrol engine with 200PS of power and 290Nm of torque . That 's a respectable improvement of 8PS in the power department and 40Nm in the torque coming from an extra 200cc worth of displacement . The 2018 model ditches the 7-speed dual-clutch gearbox and goes for the 6-speed unit to make use of the extra torque as the 7-speed unit ca n't handle more than 250Nm . Its 0-100kmph acceleration figure stands at 6.7 seconds compared to the 7.2 seconds of the Volkswagen GTI we get in India .
All-New Volkswagen Polo GTI : 5 Things To Know
Sven Smeets , director of Volkswagen Motorsport , said , `` Presenting the new Polo GTI R5 to the public was a magnificent moment . The close relationship to the road-going Polo GTI is unmistakable . In the rally Polo , the GTI family has another spectacular ambassador . Our team and the colleagues at Volkswagen Design in Wolfsburg deserve great credit for this . Over the coming months , the Polo GTI R5 must prove itself in a series of tough scenarios , in order to ensure that it can build on the success of its predecessor in the customers ' hands . ''
The Mk VI Polo uses the new MQB platform , which addresses the rear seat legroom issue and provides a spacious cabin . The new car 's design looks upmarket and almost like a compact luxury car with straight lines that age gracefully with time . We are expecting the India-spec 2018 Volkswagen Polo to get a 1.0-litre turbocharged petrol engine , which might replace the underpowered 1.2-litre petrol engine . This engine will allow it to take on the Maruti Suzuki Baleno RS with a lower price point . That 's because the small engine wo n't be limited to just the top-spec variant like the Volkswagen Polo GT TSI and the Baleno RS . The 1.5-litre diesel engine will most likely continue with minimal to no changes .
We were hoping to see the new Polo at the 2018 Auto Expo , but Volkswagen has decided to stay out of the fair as it does n't offer a reasonable return on investment .
Meet The All-New Sixth-Generation Volkswagen Polo
Read More on : Volkswagen GTI Automatic
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says his cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
The Times of Israel report : The Palestine Liberation Organization is still paying wages to convicted terrorists imprisoned in Israel , a Palestinian official confirmed Wednesday , contradicting comments by US Secretary of Defense Rex Tillerson that the provocative policy is being stopped .
Issa Qaraqe , head of the Palestinian Committee of Prisoners ' Affairs , said that the PLO had not stopped paying wages to families of prisoners held in Israel and had no intention of stopping . “ There is no end to the payments ” of the prisoners and their families , he told the Times of Israel . “ We reject ending the subsidies to the prisoners and families of martyrs . We will not apologize for it . ”
“ The American and Israeli pressure is an aggression against the Palestinian people and the Palestinian Authority , ” Qaraqe said , adding that “ almost every other household among the Palestinian people is the family of a prisoner or martyr. ” There are some 6,500 Palestinian security prisoners in Israeli jails .
Read more here .
Work to create a giant war horse sculpture to commemorate those who lost their lives during the First World War is expected to get underway by the end of the month .
Featherstone Town Council and artist Cod Steaks have secured a £50,000 grant from funding body WREN for the project .
Coun Graham Isherwood and his wife Margaret , with Roger Parkinson are doing a WW1 memorial project in Featherstone .
And they hope to begin constructing the memorial , at Mill Pond Meadows in the town , over the next few weeks , with completion set for May next year .
Mayor of Featherstone Coun Margaret Isherwood said : “ It 's absolutely marvellous that this sort of funding is available for communities like ours because we could n't have done the project without it .
“ Once the war horse is completed , we also want to enhance the site to make it a place for people to visit and to reflect and contemplate .
“ 2018 is the centenary year from the end of the war so it will tie in with celebrating that the war had finished but also with remembering and honouring all those poor people from our communities who lost their lives . ”
The majestic steel sculpture , designed by artist Sue Lipscombe , will be 20ft tall , and will also pay tribute to the town 's connection to horses through its farming and mining history .
It will be sited next to 350 memorial trees which have been planted by schoolchildren to honour each resident who lost their lives .
The town council said the sculpture will be the first of its kind nationally and hope it will generate interest from across the country .
Penny Horne , WREN 's grant manager for Yorkshire , says : “ We 're pleased our funding will provide such an exquisite , meaningful piece of art for the people in Featherstone and the surrounding area to enjoy . ”
President Donald Trump revealed he was pleased with negotiations with North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un ahead of their planned summit .
“ He really has been very open and I think very honorable from everything we 're seeing , ” Trump said .
The president commented on the ongoing diplomatic efforts with North Korea while speaking to reporters during a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron .
He pointed out that North Korea had made “ a lot of promises ” in recent years but felt that the United States was in a stronger position to force a deal .
Trump confirmed that North Korean leaders still wanted to meet “ as soon as possible ” with him to discuss their nuclear program .
“ We think that 's a great thing for the world , ” Trump said .
Trump has praised the North Korean leaders after they announced plans to stop nuclear tests and ballistic missile tests . They also announced a decision to shut down the Poongye-ri nuclear test site .
“ This is very good news for North Korea and the World – big progress ! ” Trump wrote on Twitter on Friday .
North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site . This is very good news for North Korea and the World – big progress ! Look forward to our Summit . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) April 20 , 2018
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - BV HOLDING AG :
* OPTIMISTIC ABOUT 2018 AND EXPECTS POSITIVE RESULT , WHICH SHOULD , HOWEVER , BE BELOW 2017
* FY NET PROFIT CHF 15.2 MILLION VERSUS CHF 16 MILLION YEAR AGO‍​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
An Ohio middle school teacher has been handed a one-year prison sentence for having sex with a 14-year-old boy in her classroom on the last day of school last year .
Montgomery County Common Pleas Judge Timothy O'Connell sentenced 32-year-old Jessica Langford , who is a married mother of one child , to one year in jail and five years of probation for the May of 2017 incident , according to the Daily Mail .
Langford was arrested last year when she was accused of sexually molesting the teen inside her classroom . Prosecutors said she engaged in sexual relations with the boy for half an hour and only stopped because the school principal had knocked on her classroom door . She was ultimately convicted on all six counts of sexual battery and unlawful sexual conduct with a minor .
The nine-year math teacher expressed contrition in court saying , “ There is n't a day goes by that I do n't wish I could do things differently . I know I am fully responsible . ”
Because she had no criminal history , the judge gave her only a year in jail .
The victim 's father also spoke out and asked for the maximum sentence , which could have been 15 years behind bars . “ She was entrusted with the care of the children and students and threw it away for her own sexual gratification , ” he said during the sentencing phase of the woman 's trial .
The aggrieved father also said that his son is embarrassed and has been bullied because of the trial . He added that his son “ feels helpless and alone . ”
During the trial , the victim told the jury that after the principal had knocked on the classroom door and interrupted their sexual tryst , the teacher told him to lie about why he was in the classroom for so long . He boy said the lie she wanted him to tell made him feel that their encounter was wrong .
Langford was initially put on administrative leave after being arrested , but she later resigned her position as a math teacher for the Miamisburg , Ohio , City Schools District .
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @ warnerthuston .
March 30 Shandong Weigao Group Medical Ploymer Co Ltd-
* Co and Weigao Logistic , among others , entered into termination agreement to terminate asset transfer agreement
* Company And Shiyou Chemical entered into termination agreement to terminate share transfer agreement
* Company and Winbase International entered into termination agreement to terminate compensation agreement
* Winbase International and company entered into termination agreement to terminate subscription agreement
* Co and Winbase International and placees entered into termination agreements in respect of placing agreements
* `` Termination of agreements has no material adverse impact on existing business or financial position of group '' Source text ( bit.ly/2oBAEJH ) Further company coverage :
LONDON , April 20 ( Thomson Reuters Foundation ) - Climate change threatens to increase instability around the world as jihadist groups such as Islamic State and Boko Haram exploit a scarcity of water , food and land to control populations and boost recruitment , a Berlin-based thinktank said on Thursday .
Countries already experiencing unrest or negative effects of climate change were most at risk but seemingly stable regions could also be affected by a combination of climate change , rapid urbanisation and increasing inequality , Adelphi said in a study .
`` Already vulnerable areas could get pulled into a vicious cycle , leading to the rise of terrorist groups who will find it easier to operate , with consequences for us all , '' said Lukas Rüttinger , author of the report , in a statement .
Climate change has been drying up the Lake Chad region , fuelling increased competition for land and water in an area where an insurgency by Boko Haram has uprooted more than 2.4 million people , the report said .
In Syria , violence and instability created a `` perfect breeding ground '' for militants who have benefitted from the conflict to recruit new members and were using water as a weapon of war to deprive populations of the valuable resource , it said .
Water sources have been repeatedly damaged during Syria 's six-year-old war .
With the worsening impact of climate change , some states would increasingly struggle to provide services and maintain their legitimacy - leaving militants to take advantage of a power vacuum to gain local support , the report said .
Boosting development , strengthening governments and reducing the impact of climate change by boosting the ability of communities and farmers to quickly recover from natural disasters would reduce the threat of jihadist groups , the report said . ( Reporting by Magdalena Mis @ magdalenamis1 ; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation , the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters , that covers humanitarian news , women 's rights , trafficking , property rights , climate change and resilience . Visit news.trust.org )
April 28 Kruk SA :
* Said on Thursday that its Q1 net profit was 80.1 million zlotys ( $ 20.6 million ) versus 60.9 million zlotys a year ago
* Q1 revenue was 254.2 million zlotys versus 160.7 million zlotys a year ago
* Q1 operating profit was 121.3 million zlotys versus 70.2 million zlotys a year ago
* In Q1 , for the first time in the company 's history , the debt recoveries from abroad were higher than in Poland
* 90 percent of its investment came from abroad in Q1 , from Romania , the Czech Republic , Slovakia , Germany and Italy , whilst recoveries from foreign portfolios accounted for more than 50 percent
* `` I expect the trend to continue , as we are still expanding our operations in new markets . We are actively hiring in Italy and Spain − at the end of the quarter , we already had more than 200 staff in these two countries . I believe that month after month will unlock further potential of our new markets , ” , CEO Piotr Krupa said
Source text : and bit.ly/2qd4JRl
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 3.8852 zlotys ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Aug 13 ( Reuters ) - AMLAK FINANCE :
* LOOTAH REAL ESTATE DEVELOPMENT TIES UP WITH AMLAK FINANCE , PARTNERSHIP WILL ALLOW LOOTAH 'S CUSTOMERS TO OWN MORE THAN JUST ONE PROPERTY Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : )
Aaron Carter broke down on Monday while discussing his feelings of being “ misunderstood and misinterpreted ” by ex-girlfriend Madison Parker after coming out as bisexual .
The singer , 29 , sat down with Elvis Duran on The Z100 Morning Show to explain how he stays positive through the tough times , thanking “ all the people who support me , and the ones who do n't , because you motivate me . ”
“ I came out about my history and said I 'm attracted to men and women equally . I just ca n't live a lie anymore . It 's hypocrisy , even the ones that claim they love you will let you down , ” he said , clearly referencing Parker .
Being single is n't fun I 'm not gon na lie . But I 'm gon na do it for awhile for myself . — Aaron Carter ( @ aaroncarter ) August 12 , 2017
The “ LOVE ” singer and his photographer ex met on Instagram and began dating last year after Parker DM 'd Carter asking to hold a photoshoot with him . Shortly after Carter bared his soul about his sexuality in an emotional letter on Twitter , the pair announced their split .
“ When I revealed my truth to her , she left me . She did n't accept what I was going to say , and she left me . Now I 'm just trying to do what I have to do , ” he continued .
Tears steamed down Carter 's cheek during his live performance of his new single “ Sooner or Later ” —a song written about Parker .
Duran praised Carter for pouring his heart out on-air . “ Seeing our friend Aaron Carter on the show today reminded me of the obvious : honesty should be applauded , ” he said . “ He came on , opened up and shared . Aaron is simply attempting to share his emotion and story through his art . Let 's just listen . ”
Carter was arrested on DUI and marijuana charges in Georgia last month , while Parker – who was in the car at the time – was arrested on drug charges along with obstruction of law enforcement officers . After the incident , amid backlash , he responded to the public 's criticism during an interview with Entertainment Tonight , refuting assertions that he needs help or struggles with drug addiction .
I 'm going through a lot of emotional things and I 'm working hard on myself . I do n't do these hard drugs and horrible things I 'm accused of . — Aaron Carter ( @ aaroncarter ) August 14 , 2017
“ People are saying I have HIV , I have AIDS , that I do crack , I do heroin . It really hurts , ” Carter , who suffers from a hiatal hernia , said . “ I did this TV show called The Doctors , and you 're going to see a huge reveal , and you 're going to see everything ! That 's what 's really happening right now in my world . ”
My message to everyone . pic.twitter.com/HpFUUX06cl — Aaron Carter ( @ aaroncarter ) August 14 , 2017
Just because he has a brother does n't always mean he 'll have a friend . While Carter is all about turning negatives into positives , there 's one person in his life who he claims has let him down when he thought he 'd have a message to lift him up : his older brother , Nick .
Carter revealed that Nick reached out after the DUI incident , but not in the days since he came out as bisexual .
“ My brother had my number and he was like , ‘ Let me know if you need help . ' And I said , ‘ Dude , what are you talking about ? You do n't even know me , Nick . You do n't even talk to me , and we see each other like twice a year , ' ”
“ I 'm keeping it real , I love my brother , I 'll always love my brother but I think he loves me ‘ conditionally , ' ” he added . “ I have my path now , and my journey to focus on my music , and that 's all a part of my identity . ”
NEW YORK ( AP ) – A prominent baseball agent said players are angered over the slow free-agent market and suggested they consider boycotting spring training .
Brodie Van Wagenen , co-head of CAA Baseball , floated the idea in a statement released Friday , less than two weeks before spring training workouts are to start in Florida and Arizona . He also raised the possibility of a collusion grievance , as did another agent , Seth Levinson of Aces .
“ The players are upset . No , they are outraged . Players in the midst of long-term contracts are as frustrated as those still seeking employment , ” Van Wagenen said . “ I would suggest that testing the will of 1,200 alpha males at the pinnacle of their profession is not a good strategy for 30 men who are bound by a much smaller fraternity . ”
J.D . Martinez , Eric Hosmer , Mike Moustakas , Jake Arrieta , Yu Darvish , Alex Cobb , Greg Holland and Lance Lynn remain among the dozens of unsigned free agents .
“ A boycott of spring training may be a starting point , if behavior does n't change . Players do n't receive their paychecks until the second week of April . Fine them ? OK , for how much ? Sue them ? OK , they 'll see you in court two years from now . ”
CAA represents more than 150 baseball players , including Robinson Cano , Yoenis Cespedes , Buster Posey , Shohei Ohtani , Adam Jones , Jacob deGrom and Noah Syndergaard .
Van Wagenen 's free agents this offseason include Todd Frazier . Van Wagenen said he chose to speak out now because spring training was approaching .
“ The sentiment that I 'm hearing from players is that something radical may be necessary to show the other side there is unity and strength in in their frustration , ” he said in a telephone interview .
Spring training workouts begin Feb. 14 , but participation is voluntary until the mandatory reporting date on Feb. 24 – the day after major league spring training games are to start .
Levinson praised Van Wagenen and agreed with his conclusions .
“ It is disconcerting , and disheartening for clubs that are awash in revenue and or are fully capable of improving its product to choose to do otherwise , ” he said . “ Further , it is deeply troubling to encounter that almost all clubs are operating in a strangely similar fashion . There are no coincidences in a monopoly . ”
Large-market teams , including the Los Angeles Dodgers and New York Yankees , are cutting payrolls to get under the $ 197 million threshold for luxury tax payrolls .
“ Every market 's different . There are different players , different quality of players , different GMs , different decisions , new basic agreement , different agents who have particular prominence in a particular market in terms of who they represent , ” Commissioner Rob Manfred said Thursday . “ Those factors and probably others that I ca n't tick off the top of my head have combined to produce a particular market this year . Just like there 's been some markets where the lid got blown off in terms of player salary growth , I think I can honestly suggest that occasionally you 're going to have some that are a little different , not quite as robust . ”
New York Mets general manager Sandy Alderson , speaking to fans at Citi Field on Thursday , said analytics contributed to the slow pace of negotiations .
“ Big data is the reason we 've seen so little movement in the free-agent market , because as data becomes more pervasive in the game , as it has , it tends to narrow the range of different evaluations , ” he said . “ The evaluations become much uniform . ”
The average salary , according to the players ' association , rose 3.3 percent last year to nearly $ 4.1 million following an increase of just 0.35 percent in 2016 , the lowest rise since 2004 . The new collective bargaining agreement , the first since Tony Clark succeeded Michael Weiner as union head , added surtaxes to the competitive-balance tax and additional penalties for high payrolls , including lesser choices in the amateur draft .
“ The CBT is designed to be a restraint on the spending of high-payroll clubs , ” Manfred said . “ I think that the system , without singling out the CBT , actually is working pretty well in the sense that the standard deviation of our payrolls that are being projected next year has actually gone down significantly , suggesting that our payrolls are more compressed , top-down , the bottom-up , which we feel is important in terms of preserving the competitive balance in the game . ”
Clark issued a statement that did not address a boycott or a grievance .
“ For decades free agency has been the cornerstone of baseball 's economic system and has benefited players and the game alike , ” he said . “ Each time it has been attacked , players , their representatives and the association have united to defend it . That will never change . ”
Baseball has enjoyed labor peace since a 7½-month strike in 1994-95 led to the first cancellation of the World Series in 90 years , and the labor contract runs through the 2021 season .
The players ' association won three collusion grievances against the clubs for behavior toward free agents following the 1985-87 seasons , cases management settled for $ 280 million . Van Wagenen , a former Stanford baseball player , says current behavior by teams “ feels coordinated , rightly or wrongly . ”
“ Many club presidents and general managers with whom we negotiate with are frustrated with the lack of funds to sign the plethora of good players still available , raising further suspicion of institutional influence over the spending , ” he said . “ Even the algorithms that have helped determine player salaries in recent years are suggesting dramatically higher values than owners appear willing to spend . ”
Kate Upton ‘ s bikini-clad reign in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit issue continues !
The 24-year-old model , who first landed a cover spot on SI Swim in 2012 when she was 19 , returns to this year 's issue , marking her third time on the front cover of the magazine .
And to celebrate , she graces not one , but three ( ! ) different covers .
The theme of this year 's issue centers on body diversity and age inclusion , something that was very important to SI Swim editor MJ Day . It 's also one of the reasons Upton was “ proud ” to return to the magazine .
“ To have an issue that focuses on that is really an amazing moment for me because I think it 's important for everyone to be the best they can be , but not to strive to be a company or industry 's idea of perfect , ” Upton tells Sports Illustrated . “ For SI to emphasize every different type of perfect is really inspiring . Those are the campaigns I want to do and the career I want to have — to inspire women to love themselves . ”
FLASHBACK VIDEO : Watch Kate Upton in Antarctica Modeling with Penguins — in Her Bikini !
MJ Day shares that Upton voiced her praise for the SI Swim covers last year , when Ashley Graham was featured as the first curvy model to be featured on the front of the magazine .
“ She was proud of SI Swimsuit for taking things in that direction , ” Day says . “ Kate is the woman who launched a thousand ships and changed the direction of the industry just by being on the cover of Swimsuit . She 's developed a passionate voice about it , advocates for it , and has come under harsh criticism for it . But she maintains you should love your body and celebrate who you are and not try to change for anyone . ”
RELATED PHOTOS : We Asked SI Swim Models to Guess How Many Bikinis They Own
Upton , who is engaged to Detroit Tigers pitcher Justin Verlander , has made exercise an important part of her lifestyle , explaining for her , it 's about having the energy to endure long shoots and to stay healthy .
“ This year , I had a completely different mindset about my body and instead of always trying to fit in a certain sample size , I wanted to be strong and healthy , ” she says . “ Changing my workout and focusing on weight training helped me do that . It helped me think about my body as a machine and less of something people can judge me on . People feel ashamed when they look bad one day , but it 's okay not to love yourself every second of every day . Appreciate what your body can do . ”
Some of Upton 's SI Swim highlights include posing in a puffer coat ( with nothing underneath ! ) in Antarctica in 2013 and that time that she brought her famous curves to the zero gravity chamber for the 2014 issue , proving she truly does defy gravity .
RELATED : From SI : Look Back at Kate Upton 's Sexy 2012 Swimsuit Issue Shoot
This year , however , the model shot her covers on the gorgeous beaches of Fiji , returning to her frill-free bikini modeling roots .
“ I was n't sent to space or Antarctica . I got to enjoy just a lovely beach shoot , ” she says . “ Even though I love an adventure , it was nice and still was far away but it was low-key compared to my past ones . It 's crazy when a 16-hour flight to Fiji is low-key , but for me and SI it was . ”
RELATED : 10 Things You Never Knew About Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Shoots
Day maintains that the three cover shots were n't planned , but when Kate started shooting “ each photo was coming back just as great as the next . ”
Day , along with photographer Yu Tsai , saw the possibility for multiple covers — the sequin Alexandre Vauthier jacket moment “ that was an homage to her Antarctica cover , ” the traditional “ sexy SI cover ” and the naked moment with only jewelry .
“ We just went for it on the third one when her stylist asked about a shot with only jewelry , ” Day explains .
What do you think of Upton 's three covers ? Share below !
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
[ India ] , December 11 ( ANI ) : Punjab Minister Navjot Singh Sidhu on Monday said 'youth see Rahul Gandhi as a rising sun ' .
Expressing excitement over the elevation , Sidhu told ANI , `` This is very fortunate for our nation . Majority in our country is youth and they need an inspiration '' .
`` Youth see Rahul Gandhi as a rising sun due to his conduct , thought process and character , '' he said .
Further hailing the Gandhi family for their sacrifice towards the country , Sidhu said , `` Jaancha parkha khada khaandaan hai . Pt . Nehru ne is desh ko azaadi di . Indira Ji , Rajiv Ji ne apni jaan desh pe nyochavar ki . Sonia Ji ne khud piche rehke Sardaar Manmohan singh ko satta di . Aur ab Rahul Gandhi Hindustan ko vishvasniyata denge , kirdaar denge , bharosa denge ''
( It is a well-tested family . Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru gave country freedom . Indira Gandhi , Rajiv Gandhi sacrificed their lives for the country . Sonia Gandhi stayed in the back and made a Sikh Manmohan Singh country 's prime minister . Now , Rahul Gandhi will give credibility , character and faith to the country . ) Earlier in the week too , Sidhu came out in support of Rahul Gandhi days after a leader questioned the party 's presidential election process . ( ANI )
Simone Biles connected with her Dancing with the Stars Disney week performance in a very personal way .
On Monday 's week five episodes , the U.S. Olympic gymnast performed a beautiful contemporary number with pro partner Sasha Farber . But mastering the dance — and earning the high score of 38/40 from judges — was a process that she had to personally go through .
In a video package from the past week of rehearsal , cameras captured the tension and stress that both Biles and Farber had to overcome together .
“ There 's no dedication . Like , it looks like you 're angry , ” Farber told Biles her during rehearsals .
“ Sometimes I feel overwhelmed with Sasha pushing me , ” Biles admitted . “ I 've just be so shut off and I do n't really voice my opinion very well . ”
“ Ever since the Olympics , I have n't had a break , ” said 20-year-old Biles .
“ Why do n't you ask me for a break ? ” Farber , 33 , questioned .
“ Because I 'm scared , ” she told him in the video package . “ Sometimes I feel like in practice , you get super excited and and I just like — slow down . ”
But that was a learning moment for the celebrity-pro pair , who rehearsed throughout the past week to master the contemporary number to the tunes of Moana ‘ s “ How Far I 'll Go , ” which was sung live on the show by Auli ' i Cravalho , who voiced the character .
“ I think Simone is finding her voice . She 's standing on her own two feet , just like Moana did , ” Farber explained .
Added Biles : “ I 've matured a lot since week one . I think it 's a work in progress , but it 's a start . ”
FROM COINAGE : The Cost of Dancing With the Stars ‘ Mirrorball Trophy
Channeling Moana from the Disney animated film on Monday night , Biles donned an orange two-piece costume for the performance .
“ What a great routine . Sasha , it was a smasha , ” said judge Len Goodman about the dance . “ It absolutely floated my boat . ”
Julianne Hough added : “ To me , that was well done to Moana , well done to Simone . ”
Carrie Ann Inaba also continued with the positive praises : “ Such a great way to end Disney night with all of this uplifting . … It was such a high-energy , beautiful , powerful , yet poetic dance . You were fantastic , Simone . ”
Dancing with the Stars airs Mondays ( 8 p.m . ET ) on ABC .
May 3 Life Storage Inc :
* Life Storage Inc reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted FFO per share $ 1.26
* Life Storage Inc qtrly same store revenue up by 3.2 % compared to Q1 of 2016
* Life Storage Inc - grew same store average occupancy for q1 by 20 basis points to 90.6 % compared to same period in 2016
* Sees adjusted funds from operations to be between $ 1.32 and $ 1.38 per share for q2 of 2017
* Sees FY 2017 adjusted FFO per share about $ 5.47 to $ 5.53
* Q1 FFO per share $ 1.26
* Q1 FFO per share view $ 1.27 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees Q2 EPS attributable to common shareholders - diluted $ 0.53 - $ 0.59
* Sees FY 2017 diluted EPS attributable to common shareholders $ 2.80 - $ 2.86 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
São Paulo , April 5 Qatar Investment Authority 's planned sale of a 2.25 percent stake in Banco Santander Brasil SA on Wednesday priced below initial estimates , two people with knowledge of the deal said , reflecting the view that shares of Brazil 's No . 4 listed lender remained expensive .
According to the people , who requested anonymity because the offering is in the works , investors agreed to pay 25 reais per unit of Santander Brasil offered in the transaction , well below the 27-real price tag initially suggested by the sovereign wealth fund .
Santander Brasil , as well as underwriters Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Credit Suisse Group AG , did not have an immediate comment . QIA could not be reached for comment . ( Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Paula Arend Laier )
CTV Atlantic
Officials are investigating a suspicious fire at a vacant apartment building in Saint John 's old north end .
Fire crews were called to the six-unit building on Metcalfe Street shortly after 6 a.m. Wednesday .
Firefighters spent most of Wednesday morning battling the blaze . They say flames were burning through the roof and hidden in the walls and it was challenging to bring them under control .
“ It will travel freely on the inside of those walls and that 's a challenge in any of these buildings , ” said Saint John Fire Chief Kevin Clifford . “ It 's called balloon-frame construction , so it 's very dangerous . ”
Thick smoke from the fire spread throughout the neighbourhood and adjacent buildings were evacuated as a precaution .
Clifford says the fire is suspicious in nature and an investigation is underway .
Meanwhile , neighbours say there are too many vacant buildings in the area , and that suspicious fires are becoming all too common .
“ There 's a ton of them around here . They really should be torn down , I think , just from history repeating itself , and all these fires , ” said area resident Shannon Caldwell .
“ We 've had a few fires around here in the last year or two , and it would be nice if the city did something about it , ” said neighbour Barry Harris . “ Probably a matter of time before someone gets hurt . ”
Others point out that , in addition to being dangerous , the fires are costly and tie up resources .
“ The equipment and the resources that it 's tying up and the cost , you know , they got ta do something , ” said resident Brian Lang . “ There 's got to be a law somewhere that they can get rid of these buildings . ”
Clifford says there are a number of buildings of concern and that repairing them or tearing them down is a work in progress .
“ Our growth and community development folks are doing a lot of good work around either getting buildings improved or actually through the process of having them torn down , ” he said .
No one was injured .
With files from CTV Atlantic 's Mike Cameron
0 Community action groups wants to boycott Kroger
MEMPHIS , Tenn. - A community action group is calling for a boycott of all Kroger stores in the City of Memphis after the company decided to close two locations . Both are located in predominantly African-American neighborhoods .
`` We are here in response to Kroger 's making a decision to close stores in the black community and not closing them in the white community , ” said Isaac Richmond of CORR as volunteers handed out fliers urging customers not shop at the Kroger on Poplar and Cleveland .
Trending stories :
Richmond is upset Kroger plans to close two grocery stores in Orange Mound and North Memphis Saturday , February 3rd .
Richmond told FOX13 , “ We want Kroger stores in our community to be equal in standards , service , employees to any other Kroger store in Memphis and the nation . ''
FOX13 reached out Kroger for a comment , after calling and forwarding the company the email flier urging for a boycott . A company spokesperson did not respond .
Kroger has said it would close two locations in Memphis and another in Clarksdale , Mississippi because they were not turning a profit despite making an investment in renovations .
The Memphis and Clarksville stores combined had lost $ 6,000,000 since 2014 .
The company 's decision has upset many city leaders because it creates a virtual food desert .
Consumers have no place to buy fresh produce , vegetables and forced to pay higher prices at convenience stores .
One community leaders told FOX13 he wants to discuss bring in a farmer 's market to replace the closed stores but the idea is still in the early phase .
For the people outside this Kroger on Poplar and Cleveland , they plan to protest outside a different store every week .
If Kroger does n't open back the stores in Orange Mound and South Memphis , they threaten to try and take the boycott nationally by April when the nations remember the 50 anniversary to Dr. King 's assassination .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
On Wednesday 's broadcast of the Fox News Channel 's “ Special Report , ” columnist Charles Krauthammer contrasted the reactions to the shooting at a Congressional baseball practice and the Tucson shooting in 2011 and argued , “ people ought to be very much more responsible with Trump Derangement Syndrome . ”
Krauthammer contrasted Wednesday 's shooting with the shooting of then-Representative Gabby Giffords ( D-AZ ) , where “ Within minutes , within hours , there was a meme that showed in the major newspapers and elsewhere that this was a result of the climate of hate , of violence perpetrated by Sarah Palin and other extreme Republicans . … The guy who did this…was clearly psychotic from the first moment . ”
Krauthammer further argued that the shooter of the Congressional baseball practice was “ likely…a combination of somebody who is unhinged , falling apart , but clearly driven by a political purpose , and one that I would say , to echo the words that were used in the Gifford [ s ] case , a climate of anti-Trump almost hysteria that has become the norm . I think this will help to pull people back and to realize that the kind of language , the — to celebrate , for example , the Julius Caesar in central park in which the Julius Caesar is clearly Donald Trump as some kind of great cultural achievement , I think it 's really appalling . And this is part of all that . Now , I 'm not accusing anybody of doing anything but if you 're going to have a standard on this , let 's not have a double standard on this ”
He concluded by saying there was a “ big difference ” between the perpetrators of the baseball practice shooting and the Giffords shooting , “ and that 's why people ought to be very much more responsible with Trump Derangement Syndrome . ”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @ IanHanchett
VOL . 41 | NO . 49 | Friday , December 08 , 2017
PARIS ( AP ) — Baby milk maker Lactalis and French authorities have ordered a global recall of millions of products over fears of salmonella bacteria contamination .
The French company , one of the largest dairy groups in the world , said it has been warned by health authorities in France that 26 infants have become sick since Dec. 1 .
According to a list published on the French health ministry 's website , the recall affects customers in countries around the world , including : Britain and Greece in Europe , Morocco and Sudan in Africa , Peru and Colombia in South America and Pakistan , Bangladesh and China in Asia . The United States , a major market for Lactalis , is not affected .
Company spokesman Michel Nalet told The Associated Press on Monday that the `` precautionary '' recall affects `` several million '' products made since mid-February .
Lactalis said in a statement that the 26 cases of infection were linked to products branded Picot SL , Pepti Junior 1 , Milumel Bio 1 and Picot Riz .
It said it is `` sincerely sorry for the concern generated by the situation and expresses its compassion and support to the families whose children fell ill . ''
The symptoms of salmonella infection include abdominal cramps , diarrhea and fever . Most people recover without treatment .
The company said a possible source of the outbreak has been identified in a tower used to dry out the milk at a production site in May . Disinfection and cleaning measures have been put in place at the suspected site in western France .
The health scare started earlier this month when Lactalis was told that 20 infants under six months of age had been diagnosed with salmonella infection . The company ordered a first recall that has been extended to more products at the request of French authorities following new cases of infections .
Lactalis is a privately held company headquartered in Laval , western France . It has 75,000 employees in 85 countries and annual revenues of about 17 billion euros ( $ 20 billion ) . Its other notable brands include President and Galbani cheeses and Parmalat milk .
President Donald Trump and the first lady will be returning to Palm Beach County on Friday night .
Scroll for more content ...
FAA restrictions went into effect Friday and continue through Sunday .
According to the White House , Air Force One will depart Joint Base Andrews around 4:40 p.m. en route to Palm Beach International Airport .
Trump and first lady Melania Trump are expected to land around 7 p.m .
This will be the president 's fifth trip to Palm Beach County since Thanksgiving .
Trump 's last planned trip to the area was canceled due to the government shutdown that occurred Jan. 20 .
The Town of Palm Beach tweeted out the following message :
`` CHANGES IN TRAFFIC PATTERNS BEGINNING FRIDAY , FEBRUARY 2 , 2018 NO LATER THAN 6AM : Expect traffic delays and road closures in this area thru Sunday , February 4 , 2018 . Motorists are encouraged to seek alternate routes . ''
Two barangay officials are gunned down in a span of 3 weeks in Antipolo City
Published 12:51 PM , March 20 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – A village leader was killed along Sumulong Highway last Wednesday , March 14 , in supposedly another case of election-related violence in Antipolo City , Rizal .
According to a witness , who refused to be named , Morosi Homeowners Association president Rufino Merca went to his car to get his jacket when two suspects riding a motorcycle shot him dead .
`` May meeting ang mga political supporters ni Kagawad Cerilo 'Bebot ' Tenorio , at isa si Merca sa mga tatakbo sa ticket niya bilang kagawad . Hindi pa nagsisimula ang meeting no'ng nangyari 'yung pamamaril , '' the witness added .
( There was a meeting of political supporters of Councilor Cerilo `` Bebot '' Tenorio , and Merca was one of the candidates running under his ticket . The meeting had not yet started when the shooting happened . )
Merca 's killing comes just two months before the barangay election on May 14 . Some lawmakers , however , want the polls to be suspended again .
Video in 2016
In a video sent to Rappler , Merca was shown mentioning two names who , he said , would be the only suspects should he be killed .
He made the video in 2016 shortly after the killing of 69-year-old engineer Hermilo Balucan , then president of Puyat Homeowners Association , who was shot during a Christmas party .
Both Balucan and Merca were supporters of Tenorio , who is running for captain of Barangay Sta Cruz against the wife of incumbent Barangay Captain Oscar Tamayao .
In the video , Merca says he noticed that he was being followed after Balucan 's death .
`` Hindi lang naman ito ang aking testimonya , sa mga anak ko sinabi ko na rin ito – na walang ibang hahabulin kundi si Kapitan Tamayao at isang tauhan niya sa Purok Sampaguita , walang iba kundi ang chairman na si Rico Picar , '' he said .
( This is not my only testimony , I also told my children this – that no one else should be a suspect but Captain Tamayao , and also one of his men in Purok Sampaguita , none other than the [ sitio ] chairman , Rico Picar . )
Picar also killed
Picar , chairman of a sitio in Barangay Santa Cruz , was also killed in a shooting incident last February 28 . He was one of Tamayao 's coordinators .
In a phone interview , Tamayao denied his alleged involvement in the killing of Merca .
`` 'Wag naman nila ibibintang sa akin . Ako nagtatrabaho lang ako sa barangay . Kasama ko 'yan noong unang panahon , kaso natalo . Masyado silang mapulitika , '' Tamayao said .
( They should n't blame me . I 'm just doing my job here in the barangay . I worked with him a long time ago , but he lost . They 're politicizing this matter too much . )
He added that their kids are classmates and have been in touch since the shooting incident , prompting him to provide assistance in reaching out to the Scene of the Crime Operatives ( SOCO ) to process the crime scene .
Consistent election 'hotspot '
Antipolo has been among the election hotspots since 2001 .
Hotspots are areas considered by the Commission on Elections ( Comelec ) as areas of concern where election-related violence are either highly expected or likely to occur .
The Philippine National Police ( PNP ) has yet to release a list of hotspots for the upcoming barangay polls . It has announced the implementation of a gun ban from April 14 to May 21 .
When police were pulled out of President Rodrigo Duterte 's war on drugs , top cop Director General Ronald dela Rosa started a war against riding-in-tandem shootings , a common method used for murder . – Rappler.com
CTV Atlantic
A special photo exhibit highlighting 150 Nova Scotia buildings that were standing before Confederation is touring the province this summer .
The Heritage Trust of Nova Scotia has collected the pictures from across the province to celebrate Canada 's 150th anniversary .
“ They wanted to do something that was celebrating what was here , what had managed to survive 150 years , if not more , ” says project chair Michal Crowe .
The featured buildings include Province House and the Sambro Lighthouse – the oldest working lighthouse in the Americas – as well as barns , churches and stately manors .
Crowe says hundreds of buildings could have been included in the exhibit , even if their looks have changed over the years .
“ Those who have kept their buildings more true to their original construction , of course , look right , ” says Crowe . “ They just say to you , ‘ I 'm an original and I am over 150 years old . ' ”
The exhibit is drawing attention to the history of the province as well as the value of its heritage .
“ It says to people , ‘ Wait a minute , you do n't have to demolish this building and put up something inappropriate . This building has another life , ' ” says Heritage Trust member Beverly Miller .
The idea of turning the exhibit into a book has been talked about , but that 's as far as it 's gotten . It will be at the industry museum until Sunday After that , it 's on to Amherst , Shelburne and Kentville throughout the summer .
With files from CTV Atlantic 's Dan MacIntosh .
HONG KONG With China 's preferred candidate selected as Hong Kong 's next chief executive , another blow to the morale of the city 's democracy activists , their young leaders are taking a page from Beijing 's playbook and preparing for a long battle .
At the leafy campus of the Chinese University of Hong Kong , there is little sign of the fervour that drove thousands of students to stage the Umbrella Movement street protests that brought parts of the city to a standstill for months in 2014 .
`` We still all care about Hong Kong 's social issues , democracy , Beijing 's interference , '' said Ceci Chow , a third-year nursing student , as she waited on campus beside a bronze statue of the 'goddess of democracy ' . But she concedes there might not be the same `` driving force '' for action .
Student union leaders like Cheryl Chu and Thomas Lee agree that the commitment is still there , but they doubt mass protests are the way to go , for now .
The Umbrella Movement ultimately failed to persuade Beijing to grant full democracy in elections for Chief Executive , so Carrie Lam will assume the post in July thanks to the backing last month of an electoral college packed with mostly Beijing loyalists .
In the run-up to Lam 's victory , student leaders eschewed public protests and opted instead to use social media , leaflets and street booths to present their case that the election was undemocratic .
`` We need to look further in future , and look at how to slowly make the people close to us change a little . Only then will we feel that we can achieve something tangible in future , ” said Lee .
Many activist leaders have been weighed down by legal battles . One day after Lam 's selection , nine were charged with public nuisance offences for their part in the protests , and more arrests could follow .
Victories in last September 's elections to the city 's legislature , when one in five voters backed younger candidates including Umbrella Movement leaders and self-determination advocates , rapidly turned sour when two newly elected legislators were disqualified . Beijing and a local court ruled Baggio Leung and Yau Wai-ching had not taken their oaths properly after inserting a dig at China .
The government has since sought to disqualify four more pro-democracy lawmakers for invalid oaths , while two others charged for inciting the Umbrella protests might be removed if they are jailed for over a month .
`` NEVER REST ''
For some young people like Derek Lam , 23 , a theology student who has been arrested five times in two years for various protests , there is a financial cost to their activism .
Lam has not been convicted , but says his high-profile arrests mean he now struggles to find work and might not be able to graduate if he fails to pay his half-year school fee of HK $ 24,000 ( US $ 3,090 ) .
But the setbacks have not deterred him .
`` The Chinese Communist Party will never rest , so we ca n't rest as well ... Luckily , we have 30 years , and after 30 years our opponents will not be the people who are in power now , but people our age . So a lot depends on how we influence our peers now . ''
This July , on the 20th anniversary of Hong Kong 's return to China from British rule , Chinese President Xi Jinping is expected to visit the city . But while many activists are appalled by what they see as a gradual ratcheting up of Chinese control during the 50-year period of transitional autonomy agreed with Britain , they are not expecting a protest on the scale of 2014 .
`` The fight for democracy does n't just take place on the streets , '' said Joshua Wong , the public face of the Umbrella Movement , who was just 17 when the protests began . `` And the fight for Hong Kong 's autonomy does n't take place in years . We are talking about a battle of 20 , 30 years . ''
The challenge for Beijing is that many of Hong Kong 's young people , rather than growing to accept China 's growing role in the city 's affairs , have become further estranged from the mainland and are increasingly warming to a localism movement that puts the city 's autonomy , interests and culture first .
`` The youths in Hong Kong are now more eager to step up and say we 're Hong Kongers , we love Hong Kong and distinguish ourselves from the Chinese . There is a very strong Hong Kong identity , and this will not waver , '' said Wong Ching-tak , 20 , the president of the University of Hong Kong 's Student Union .
Disqualified legislators Leung and Yau hope that identity will mobilise supporters when the next battleground issue crops up .
`` There will be a last war ... There will be a very large-scale social movement that emerges , '' Leung said . `` And it will determine whether there 's still a road ahead for Hong Kong as we know it , or not . ''
( Reporting by James Pomfret and Venus Wu ; Additional reporting by Katy Wong ; Editing by Will Waterman )
ALBANY , N.Y. — Joe Cremo scored a career-high 31 points and Albany pulled away late in the second half to beat New Hampshire 83-74 on Saturday night .
Albany ( 18-7 , 6-4 America East Conference ) dropped a three-point decision to New Hampshire ( 9-15 , 5-5 ) on Jan. 6 , and now has won 10 of the last 14 games against the Wildcats .
The games were tied 54-54 when the Great Danes used a 20-10 run for a 74-64 lead with about three minutes left . Cremo scored 11 points and David Nichols made two 3-pointers during the stretch .
Cremo was 8-of-12 shooting and hit 11 of 14 free throws . Nichols added 18 points , Travis Charles had 14 and Greig Stire chipped in 10 for Albany .
[ India ] , July 4 ( ANI ) : Saints in Uttarakhand 's Haridwar are fasting for the past 13 days demanding action from the Centre to clean Ganga River .
Prof. J.D . Agarwal and Swami Sanand are among those on strike in Haridwar 's Matri Sadan over the issues related to cleanliness and flow of the holy river .
`` We want a law to protect the Ganga River . The politicians are using it as per their will and we just want a law for this . They stayed the High Court order which declared Ganga as a living entity . They are not concerned , due to the barrage the flow of the river has been adversely affected , '' Sanand said .
Echoing similar sentiments , Prof. Agarwal also voiced concern in the connection . `` To a long distance , there is no water in Ganga river due to the barrage . Without water , there is no value of the river . I am not against the construction of the dam or of any other use of the water , but my concern is that during this process the river should not be harmed in any way . On a related note , on Tuesday , senior Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) leader and Union Minister Uma Bharti requested Swami Sanand to end his hunger strike . `` Prior to Baba Ramdev , Shri Pranava Pandya Ji and Sanand Swamiji ( Shri GD Agarwal ) of Gayatri family also expressed their concerns about the work of the Ganga . Shri Sanand Swamiji has been sitting on hunger strike . I have requested him to end the strike , '' she tweeted in Hindi . ( ANI )
Preparations are well advanced for the 2017 Lady Gregory Hotel Galway Summer Stages Rally . It will take place on the 27thAugust next , and will be a counting round of the Triton Showers National Rally Championship , the TopPart West Coast Championship , and also the Sligo Pallets Border Rally Championship . A full entry of top line rally drivers from Ireland and the UK and beyond is therefore guaranteed .
For the second year , the associate sponsors of the event will be Athenry Company Bluebird Care , and DHKN , Chartered Accountants , Galway , both companies being long-time supporters of motorsport in Galway .
The Clerk of the Course is Mark Parsons , an experienced organiser and rally competitor . The rally headquarters will be the Lady Gregory Hotel , Gort from where competitors will cover a loop of three stages three times , providing 120 kilometres of classic Galway stages never run in this format before . The 2017 event will run to a full weekend format with Scrutiny , Ceremonial Startand entertainment on Saturday 26thAugust . Sundays compact route will have a leisurely 10.00am start , and the rally will finish at 5.00pm .
The rally format will bring a welcome boost to visitor numbers to Galway County as the event generates a requirement for up to 1000 bed nights in the area over the rally weekend .
The 2016 Lady Gregory Hotel Galway Summer Rally had a grandstand finish , with Monaghan 's Niall Maquire / James O Reilly in the Subaru WRC just pipping Gary Kiernan/Ryan Moore in their Escort Mk2 by 5 seconds at the finish . The coveted Conroy Cup , for the best Galway Motor Club crew was won by Paul Curley/Jason Ollernshaw on that occasion . With the 2017 event counting for 3 major championships , competition will be intense in all classes .
Regulations and Entry Forms for the 2017 rally will be available from the Galway Motor Club website when finalised and prospective competitors are advised to get entries in early to guarantee a start .
For the first time , Galway Motor Club will run a SHAKEDOWN STAGE on Saturday evening prior to competition on Sunday
One in four first responders in Arkansas have PTSD , moderate to severe anxiety disorder , or are at high risk for suicide , according to a statewide study currently underway surveying the state 's firefighters and paramedics .
Dr. Sara Jones is working on the study at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences . Jones says that , so far , she has had over 200 people participate in an anonymous survey on the mental health consequences of being a first responder . Twenty-one first responders have participated in in-person interviews to talk in-depth about the toll job stress and witnessing trauma has taken on them .
`` I did not know what to expect for the interviews . I thoughts a few people might want to talk , but a lot of people want to talk . I 've even gotten a few retirees in the last couple of weeks that have called me and want to talk about it . That 's important because they 've been through it and they want to see things change , '' says Jones .
National studies , like one released recently by the University of Phoenix , have reported that more than 80 % of first responders have witnessed trauma on the job and about 34 % have been diagnosed with a mental health disorder like PTSD or depression .
Jones says data from her online survey currently shows 13 % of participants meet criteria for moderate to severe depression , 27 % show signs of moderate to severe anxiety disorder , 26 % show signs of PTSD , and 26 % appear to be at high risk for suicide .
`` Imagine in the fire service and in the EMS service where the culture is of strength and you do n't necessarily want to show weakness . One driving force of this is how can we change that culture and what would they be more receptive to when it comes to services and interventions , '' says Jones .
She has been working in collaboration with a dozen fire departments , the Arkansas Professional Firefighters union , and MEMS in Little Rock . She will be reaching out to first responders in rural portions of the state .
Jones says her study will run through the end of the year . She is seeking further funding to continue the research and hopes it can shed light on what interventions are needed .
She adds that money is often a barrier to getting first responders the help they need .
Foles has been adept at making the right calls on run-pass option plays , making it even more difficult for defences facing Philadelphia .
`` It 's hard because you have to defend every inch of the field , '' McCourty said . `` Each guy has to do their job on the play . We ca n't have guys doing things that do n't fit the defence . ''
On the opposite side of the ball , defensive co-ordinator Jim Schwartz has an aggressive unit . Nobody runs on Philadelphia 's defence . It was No . 1 against the run and did n't allow a 100-yard rusher until Ezekiel Elliott had 103 in Week 17 against backups and third-stringers .
The Patriots ( 15-3 ) rely mainly on Brady 's arm , even though Dion Lewis had 896 yards rushing and James White was a Super Bowl hero last year . But Brady ca n't throw if he does n't have time and the Eagles have a dominant front four led by Fletcher Cox and Brandon Graham .
The line often generates enough pressure that Schwartz does n't have to blitz much and there 's enough depth with Chris Long , Vinny Curry , Tim Jernigan and Beau Allen that guys stay fresh in the fourth quarter .
Safety Malcolm Jenkins is a physical presence in the secondary and cornerbacks Ronald Darby and Jalen Mills are solid cover guys .
`` They have a great defence , '' Brady said . `` It 's as good any we 've faced all year . They have a great scheme that mixes in well with their coverages . ''
If the game comes down to a field goal , rookie kicker Jake Elliott has a strong leg . He kicked a 61-yarder at the end of regulation to beat the Giants in Week 3 and is 6 of 7 from beyond 50 yards .
The Eagles should n't be tight and they 're not intimidated by the Patriots . They 're a loose , relaxed group that has embraced their underdog role throughout the playoffs and overcame injuries to several key players .
`` Greatest quarterback of all time , but that does n't mean that he 's unbeatable , '' Jenkins said of Brady . `` We 're not worried . We match up well . ''
___
AP NFL website : www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Rob Maaddi on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/AP_RobMaaddi
By Rob Maaddi , The Associated Press
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
FILE - In this Nov. 9 , 2017 , file photo , Janet Jackson attends the 22nd Annual OUT100 Celebration Gala at the Altman Building in New York . Jackson wants to make it crystal clear : She will not be joining Justin Timberlake during the Super Bowl halftime show Sunday , Feb. 4 , 2018 . ( Andy Kropa/Invision )
Together again ? Not so much .
Janet Jackson has shut down any rumours that she will be joining Justin Timberlake during this year 's Super Bowl halftime show .
“ To put to rest any speculation or rumours as to whether I will be performing at the Super Bowl tomorrow ; I will not , ” Jackson said in a statement released Saturday . “ Thank you for your support and I do look forward to seeing you all very soon . ”
Timberlake is returning to the halftime show 14 years after a wardrobe malfunction with Jackson caused a national controversy . Timberlake was Jackson 's special guest during her performance at that year 's game and ripped off a piece of her clothing , revealing her nipple . Timberlake later described it as an unintended “ wardrobe malfunction . ”
CBS , which aired that Super Bowl , was fined $ 550,000 by the Federal Communications Commission , but the fine later was overturned .
The hashtags # JusticeforJanet and # JanetJacksonAppreciationDay became trending topics on Twitter days before Timberlake 's record third trip to the stage at the Super Bowl , at which the Philadelphia Eagles will face the New England Patriots at the U.S. Bank Stadium on Sunday .
At a press conference on Thursday , Timberlake mentioned Jackson 's name , along with Jay-Z and ‘ NSync , when talking about rumoured guests to join him onstage . He was not asked any direct questions about Jackson or the infamous wardrobe malfunction .
When the NFL announced late last year that Timberlake would be returning to the Super Bowl , the decision triggered a backlash from women , minorities and others who felt Jackson was unfairly forced to pay a far higher price than Timberlake faced . Some argued that Jackson , as a black woman , fell victim to a racist and sexist double standard and received harsher treatment than Timberlake , as a white man , did , and they said he benefited from “ white male privilege . ”
When asked during an interview last month if he and Jackson have since made peace , Timberlake said , “ Absolutely . ”
He said he and Jackson have talked privately about what happened .
“ I do n't know that a lot of people know that , ” Timberlake said . “ I mean , I do n't think it 's my job to do that , because you value the relationships that you do have with people . ”
Mesfin Fekadu , The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
* April manufacturers ' sentiment index +26 vs +25 in March
* Service-sector index +28 in April vs +26 in March
* Business mood seen slipping over next three months
* Companies wary about strong yen , geopolitical risks
* Reuters Tankan strongly correlates with BOJ tankan ( Adds analyst quote on yen )
By Tetsushi Kajimoto and Izumi Nakagawa
TOKYO , April 20 Confidence among Japanese manufacturers has risen for an eighth straight month to a level not seen since before the 2008 global financial crisis , a Reuters survey found , reflecting output and export gains led by overseas economic recovery .
The Reuters ' monthly poll - which tracks the Bank of Japan 's key quarterly tankan - also showed confidence at service-sector firms hit a three-month high , a sign that the effects of an export-led economic recovery are spreading - albeit gradually .
The Reuters Tankan highlights the signs of life Japan 's economy has shown in recent months as global demand has recovered , despite the weakness in private consumption that constitutes about 60 percent of the economy .
In the poll of 529 large- and mid-sized firms , conducted between April 4-17 in which 261 responded , the sentiment index for manufacturers rose one point to 26 in April , led by manufacturers of items such as food , metals and machinery .
It was the highest reading since August 2007 , a year before the collapse of a U.S. investment bank Lehman Brothers triggered the global financial crisis .
At plus 28 , the service-sector gauge was up two points in April from March , led by wholesalers .
`` Currencies are stable , which provides favourable conditions for exporters . The machine tools market also remains in an uptrend , '' a manager at a nonferrous metals producer wrote in the survey , which companies answer anonymously .
But manufacturers and non-manufacturers expected conditions to worsen in the coming three months , highlighting their concerns about a strong yen , analysts say . Geopolitical risks such as North Korea 's missile threats , and uncertainty over the policies of U.S. President Donald Trump weigh on the outlook .
`` Rising sentiment despite the dollar 's fall below 110 yen during the survey period underscores that underlying conditions are firm , '' said Yutaka Miura , a senior technical analyst at Mizuho Securities .
`` But deterioration in the outlook sentiment suggest that manufacturers are becoming cautious about a strong yen . ''
The sentiment index was seen lower at 20 for manufacturers and 26 for non-manufacturers in July .
`` Uncertainty is mounting overseas , with emerging markets and resource-producing economies undershooting , while protectionism is on the rise - as seen in Britain 's vote to exit the European Union and the results of the U.S. presidential election , '' a manager at a machinery maker wrote in the survey .
The BOJ 's last tankan out on April 3 showed big manufacturers ' business confidence improved for a second straight quarter to hit a one-and-a-half year high , and service-sector sentiment improved for the first time in six quarters .
The central bank survey also showed companies remained upbeat on their capital expenditure plans , offering hope the economic recovery will gather momentum in coming months .
( Reporting by Tetsushi Kajimoto ; Editing by Eric Meijer and Sam Holmes )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Bt Group :
* CFO SAYS WOULDN ‘ T EXPECT BIG CHANGES TO ANALYST CAPEX EXPECTATIONS AFTER BIGGER FTTP PLAN
* CEO SAYS NOT GOING AFTER VOLUME IN TV , GOING AFTER VALUE
* CEO SAYS APPLE WATCH HAS TAKEN OFF IN THE LAST QUARTER
* CEO SAYS ITS TV SERVICE CANSURVIVE WITHOUT PREMIER LEAGUE , ‘ IT IS ONE OF A BROAD SET OF RIGHTS ' Further company coverage : ( Reporting By London Bureau )
FBI Director Christopher Wray addressed FBI employees in an internal video , according to two people who have viewed it .
Scroll for more content ...
In the video , Wray said he knows it 's a tough time , that it has been unsettling and that the last few days have only made it worse , according to the sources .
He also said he is inspired by the FBI and the work they do .
`` The American people read the newspapers and watch TV , but your work is all that matters . Actions speak louder than words , '' Wray said in the video .
The video 's distribution to FBI staff comes after a public confrontation between the White House and the FBI over the public release of a memo by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes . Despite opposition by both the FBI and the Justice Department , President Donald Trump on Friday declassified the memo , which alleges the FBI abused its power during the 2016 election .
KINGSTON , Ont . — Ontario Provincial Police have identified two people killed in a collision in eastern Ontario .
Police say an SUV and a tractor-trailer collided last Friday on Highway 401 in Kingston , Ont .
They say two occupants of the SUV died at the scene .
They have been identified as 33-year-old Cheng Yuan of Waterloo , Ont. , and 27-year-old Meiyu Li of Burnaby , B.C .
MOGADISHU Somali security forces rescued a hijacked Indian cargo dhow on Monday , but pirates took the 11-member crew with them when they fled to land , authorities said .
The Al Kausar vessel was seized earlier this month , part of a sudden string of attacks by Somali pirates after years without a reported incident .
`` We attacked the Indian ship and rescued it but the pirates took away the 11 crew . We rescued two crew and they went with nine crew into the hilly areas between El Hur and Hardheere , '' Mohamed Hashi Arabey , vice president of Galmudug state , told Reuters .
Galmudug is a federal state within the Horn of Africa country that operates its own security forces .
The two crew were in a car that the pirates had to abandon after they were chased , Galmudug 's vice president said .
Pirates told Reuters they would keep the crew to use as bargaining chips for the freedom of pirates jailed in India .
`` We encouraged our friends to run away with the crew if they are attacked so that they exchange for the release of 117 pirates jailed in India , '' pirate Saiid said .
`` We are ready to reinforce our friends so that Galmudug forces do not rescue the nine crew of the Indian ship . ''
Somali pirate attacks peaked with 237 in 2012 but then declined steeply after shipowners improved security measures and international naval forces stepped up patrols .
But this month has seen a new rash of attacks , with two ships captured and a third rescued by Indian and Chinese forces after the crew radioed for help and locked themselves in a safe room .
Residents of the Somali coastline say piracy has resumed after local authorities issued permits for foreign fishing vessels to fish in Somali waters . They say the foreign vessels have cut nets belonging to locals and run down small boats .
( Reporting by Abdi Sheikh ; writing by Katharine Houreld ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
April 10 Marcato Capital Management LP :
* Marcato sends letter to Rent-A-Center board of directors
* Marcato Capital Management LP - urges Rent-A-Center Inc 's board to immediately explore sale of entire company
* Marcato Capital-plans to vote for engaged capital 's director nominees at upcoming Rent-A-Center annual meeting
* Marcato Capital - discussions with Rent-A-Center CEO Speese have `` made clear to us that he does not intend or desire to be ceo for long term ''
* Marcato Capital Management LP - beneficially owns 4.9 percent of outstanding common shares of Rent-A-Center
* Marcato Capital -urge Rent-A-Center board to `` immediately commence a process to review all strategic alternatives including a sale of entire company '' Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
South Korea 's Naver Corp to open a startup incubator in Paris
PARIS , June 15 South Korea 's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F ' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel , said Fleur Pellerin , founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital .
Roseanne Barr 's Twitter saga did n't end with the cancellation of her show Tuesday . Early Wednesday morning , she was back at it , first blaming Ambien and defensively comparing ABC 's response to her racist tweetstorm to those of other celebrities who have made controversial comments .
But then she turned to a surprising target — her `` Roseanne '' team . She reposted a tweet by Sara Gilbert , the actress who played her daughter , Darlene , on the show and served as executive producer . Gilbert had called Barr 's initial comments `` abhorrent , '' saying they `` do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show . I am disappointed in her actions to say the least . ''
[ MORE : Roseanne Barr 's racist tweet was horrible , with sad consequences ]
`` Wow ! unreal , '' Barr wrote in response . Later , she moderated her stance : `` no , I understand her position and why she said what she said . I forgive her . It just shocked me a bit , '' she wrote .
She also retweeted a long post by Michael Fishman , who played her son , D.J . In his tweet , the actor bemoaned the impact of Barr 's words on the cast and crew and said the show 's story lines were often about inclusiveness . `` I created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it . ME , '' Barr wrote . `` You throw me under the bus . nice ! ''
And Barr pointed a finger at Wanda Sykes , the show 's consulting producer , for ultimately causing the show 's demise . Sykes had responded to Barr 's invective by announcing via Twitter that she would n't return to the show . She wrote of Sykes , `` her tweet made ABC very nervous and they cancelled the show . ''
Barr seemed to liken the reaction from her co-stars and those a supporter called `` her underlings '' to the way President Donald Trump complains about members of his administration being `` disloyal . '' In response to tweets calling out Gilbert and Emma Kenney , who plays Barr 's granddaughter , Barr wrote , `` i feel bad for @ POTUS-he goes thru this every single day . ''
And she said she thinks the reason ABC pulled the plug was a threatened boycott by advertisers .
Barr had earlier apologized to members of the cast and crew , but the tweet was deleted . `` I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people , and wonderful writers ( all liberal ) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet , '' she wrote .
Progress is being made on the Biloxi infrastructure project , but for some , the frustration continues . The wet yet paved roads in east Biloxi are a stark contrast to just a year ago , when mud and gravel was the norm .
Sports Desk
Former Iranian weightlifter , Mohammad-Ali Falahatinejad passed away at the age of 41 on Monday in Tehran .
Falahatinejad , a former 77kg world gold medalist in 2003 , had been suffering from kidney renal failure and was bedridden for nearly a month .
Falahatinejad was a bronze medalist at the 2002 Asian Games in Busan , South Korea , and also claimed a silver medal at the 2003 Asian championships .
After his retirement he joined Iran 's coaching staff and was even appointed as Iran 's head coach for a short spell in 2010 .
ST. ALBERT , Alta . — Memorial scholarships are being set up to honour four Alberta hockey players who died in the Humboldt Broncos bus crash .
Logan Hunter , Jaxon Joseph , Conner Lukan and Stephen Wack were among the 16 people killed April 6 when the Saskatchewan junior hockey team 's bus and a semi-trailer collided at a rural intersection .
Each of the four had played minor hockey in St. Albert , Alberta , a bedroom community northwest of Edmonton .
The players ' deaths led to the establishment of the St. Albert Humboldt Remembrance Committee in mid May .
`` The tragedy of the Humboldt Broncos has been felt very deeply here in St. Albert and across Canada , '' said committee chair Nolan Crouse . `` We have supported one another as we collectively mourned , and now we plan to do something positive to honour the memories of these young men . ''
The committee said it will honour the legacy of each player by installing memory plaques on four benches in St. Albert .
It is also raising money for memorial scholarships named for Hunter , Joseph , Lukan and Wack .
The committee is working with the Edmonton Oilers Alumni , the City of St. Albert and others in the community .
One event being planned is a four-team hockey tournament July 6-8 in St. Albert . Another fundraiser called the Jersey Gala is likely to be held in October or November .
Two other players who died in the crash were from Alberta communities .
Jonathan Tasini , a left-wing author and writer/talking head for CNN , celebrated the news that Republican lawmakers were on board a train that crashed Wednesday morning . “ Wow , btwn train full of Goopers hitting truck and this , God is working hard today to clean up the stink . Thank her . # TreyGowdy # goptrainwreck . ”
A number of people were injured in the crash . There was one fatality .
Tasini later deleted the tweet and apologized while blaming his tweet on “ the deep racism/hypocrisy/criminality promoted by GOP . ”
On his verified Twitter account , the hard-left author describes himself as a “ Bernie Sanders surrogate. ” His profile photo is a picture of himself with his arm around Sanders . Tasini wrote the book The Essential Bernie Sanders and His Vision for America .
Tasini also describes himself as a “ CNN talking head , ” a claim the anti-Trump network did not deny . The far-left cable news outlet did , however , tell Fox News that Tasini is not paid by the last-place network .
Just two weeks ago , CNN published a Tasini column that attacked President Trump , his tax plan , and Walmart . CNN also promoted Tasini 's Twitter handle ( where the hate-tweet was published ) , his book , podcast , and upcoming book .
A good faith search came up with 25 instances — over two years — where Tasini was published at CNN , appeared as a talking head , or was quoted in a CNN story . As recently as last November , Tasini appeared with CNN 's Brooke Baldwin .
This is the second time this week a CNN contributor has furthered the well-documented climate of hate the network has been pushing since the arrival of CNN chief Jeff Zucker .
On Monday , CNN 's left-wing contributor , Ana Navarro , compared the forced resignation of disgraced-FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe to those murdered in the Nazi Holocaust . By extension , she appears to be comparing Trump and those GOP House members investigating FBI wrongdoing to Hitler and the Nazis .
Since assuming his role as president almost five years ago , Zucker 's CNN has not only fallen into last place in the ratings ( way behind MSNBC and Fox ) and turned the network into a punchline due to unrelenting fake news debacles ; CNN has also become a dark repository that excuses and legitimizes hate and violence directed at CNN 's political enemies on the right .
Among many other disturbing things , CNN has fomented race riots , compared police officers to unstable veterans , openly called for riots in Baltimore , and attempted to turn a man who tried to physically tackle Trump at a campaign event into a folk hero .
CNN anchors have openly compared Trump to Hitler and “ joked ” about his plane crashing . At one point , the Least Trusted Name in News aired footage of what looked like a sniper scope pointing at Trump 's Oval Office in the White House .
The Trump-hating network has also gone out of its way to portray Trump as unmoored , unhinged , mentally ill , “ un-American , ” and a unique danger to America .
Some have described CNN 's coverage of Trump as “ dark , ” even as an “ assassination fantasy . ”
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @ NolteNC . Follow his Facebook Page here .
Local News > Archive > February 2017 > 14
< < `` Police work : K-9 training with GPD '' - `` Inmates move to new jail '' > >
Council to hold retreat this week
By Rochelle Moore
Published in News on February 14 , 2017 9:55 AM
Members of the Goldsboro City Council have n't received a pay hike in more than 20 years and will review whether a change is warranted during its annual retreat this week .
Councilman Antonio Williams recently asked that council pay and benefits , as well as summer youth job opportunities , be discussed during the retreat .
The council will meet for two full days , on Wednesday from 8 a.m. to nearly 5 p.m. , and Thursday , from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. , at the Goldsboro Event Center at 1501 S. Slocumb St .
The annual retreat is an effort by council to delve deeper into city projects , consider new initiatives and set its course for the coming year .
City Manager Scott Stevens recently asked council for input regarding topics that would be discussed at the retreat . Williams , at the time , asked that the council look at summer youth employment opportunities and asked when the council last received a pay increase . He also said he is interested in benefits .
`` We have some ( council members ) that own and operate their own businesses , '' Williams said . `` I know in other cities , nearby cities , they implement benefits , benefit packages for their council members .
`` I think that 's a perfect topic to discuss . I know that I 'm interested in some benefits , as far as health coverage . ''
Each member of the council currently receives an annual salary of $ 9,000 and travel allowance of $ 3,000 . Mayor Chuck Allen only accepts a $ 4,800 annual travel allowance .
Allen has declined his annual $ 11,400 salary and asked that the money be used to pay for employee star awards .
The last year the council received a pay increase was in 1996 , said Laura Getz , Goldsboro deputy city clerk . The council decreased its pay in 2009 from $ 9,600 to $ 9,000 during a downturn in the economy .
The council 's retreat will start Wednesday with a review of priorities the council set a year ago . Council pay and benefits are planned for discussion next and will be followed by summer job possibilities for youth .
Other topics planned Wednesday include fees for the Goldsboro Municipal Golf Course , Goldsboro Event Center and the Paramount Theatre .
The council will receive an update on the Goldsboro Police Department and are set to discuss incentives that could be offered through the Downtown Goldsboro Development Corp .
The council will also spend nearly four hours talking about its strategic plan , a topic that will consume a majority of the council 's time each day .
On Thursday , discussions will continue and include dirt streets , traffic calming , a newly created stormwater stakeholder committee , focused demolitions and water reclamation equalization basins . The council will talk about the strategic plan for more than three hours Thursday .
The retreat concludes with a revision of the council 's priorities and recap of decisions made during the retreat . Topics planned during the retreat are subject to change , due to last-minute revisions or requests by the council , Stevens said .
The Spurs won that series in five games . They made it look easy at times , too .
`` Contrast that to now where he 's shooting fadeaway 3s from 30 feet to close games out , '' Kerr said . `` I think his confidence level in his shot is the biggest thing . But I think it is pretty remarkable when you 've got a guy who is already considered one of the top few players ever to play the game can make that much improvement late in his career . It 's a testament to his work ethic and to his work on his skillset . ''
The Warriors have more talent , by a very wide margin . They have four All-Stars — Stephen Curry , Klay Thompson , Kevin Durant and Draymond Green . They have former MVPs in Curry and Durant . They have a former Finals MVP coming off their bench , or rather they will when Andre Iguodala returns from the bone bruise that has kept him sidelined of late .
The Cavaliers have James .
That represents hope . He makes the Cavs better . He even makes the Warriors better .
`` LeBron 's one of those guys that in order for you to be great like that , you 've got to do it , day after day , '' Durant said . `` A lot of people do n't have that mental capacity to even think about being that great every day , you know what I 'm saying ? So that 's inspiration right there . That 's just motivation to be the best that you can be as well . ''
Once that TV went on Monday night , James locked in on this series .
Around-the-clock treatment on his body Tuesday , including 4 1/2 hours of it on the team 's flight to San Francisco . Treatment and workouts on Wednesday . Treatments and pregame shooting on Thursday . Then game time .
Unlike that Rockets-Warriors game , he does n't know what will happen in Game 1 .
But he 's ready . He 's always ready .
`` The level that I can play at is to be seen , but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am , '' James said . `` So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself . But for me , I understand and I know how much I put into the game . So everything else is OK . ''
___
More AP NBA : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Tim Reynolds , The Associated Press
LeeAnne Emmons , 67 , of Russell , Kansas , died on Wednesday , May 23 , 2018 , at the Hays Medical Center in Hays , Kansas .
LeeAnne was born on November 24 , 1950 , in Marion , Indiana , the daughter of Leon and Mary Ann ( Sparks ) Atkerson . At a young age she moved to the Russell area and graduated from Russell High School in the class of 1969 . She met , fell in love and was united in marriage to Alfred E. Emmons on June 26 , 1984 in Russell , Kansas . She worked as a secretary for Francis-Urban Tank Service for many years . She was a member of Trinity United Methodist Church in Russell . She enjoyed working with arts and crafts and collecting Noah 's ark items . Most of all she enjoyed spending time with her family , and especially enjoyed spending time with her grandchildren .
Surviving family include her husband Alfred E. Emmons of the home , son Kenny L. Cain wife Melanie of Lucas , Kansas , daughter Amy Hoss and husband Cody of Russell , Kansas and son Robert D. Emmons and companion Kimberly Forest of Russell , Kansas ; grandchildren Keven Cain , Kendra Harp and Slayde Hoss and great grandchild Kinsley Harp . She was preceded in death by her parents .
A memorial service to celebrate LeeAnne 's Life will be held at 10:30 A.M. on Thursday , May 31 , 2018 , at Pohlman-Varner-Peeler Mortuary in Russell , Kansas with Pastor Les Rye officiating . Cremation has been selected by the family and inurnment of the cremains will follow at the Russell City Cemetery . Visitation will be from 9 A.M. to 8 P.M. on Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , at the mortuary with family greeting guests from 6 P.M. to 7 P.M. Wednesday evening . Memorials may be given to Trinity United Methodist Church Nursery or Russell City Play Park and sent in care of the mortuary . Pohlman-Varner-Peeler Mortuary of Russell , Kansas , is in charge of the funeral service arrangements .
April 18 , 2017
by Catherine Lucey And Scott Bauer , The Associated Press
WASHINGTON—President Donald Trump is planning to sign an executive order that seeks to make changes to a visa program that brings in high-skilled workers .
Trump is heading Tuesday to Kenosha , Wisconsin , where he plans to sign an order dubbed “ Buy American , Hire American , ” said administration officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity despite the president 's frequent criticism of the use of anonymous sources .
The officials said the order , which Trump will sign at the headquarters of tool manufacturer Snap-on Inc. , would direct the departments of Homeland Security , Justice , Labor and State to propose new rules to prevent immigration fraud and abuse . Those departments would also be asked to offer changes so that H-1B visas are awarded to the “ most-skilled or highest-paid applicants . ”
The White House said the program is currently undercutting American workers by bringing in cheaper labour and said some tech companies are using it to hire large numbers of workers and drive down wages .
Administration officials said the order also seeks to strengthen requirements that American-made products be used in certain federal construction projects , as well as in various federal transportation grant-funded projects . The officials said the commerce secretary will review how to close loopholes in enforcing the existing rules and provide recommendations to the president .
The order specifically asks the secretary to review waivers of these rules that exist in free-trade agreements . The administration said that if the waivers are not benefiting the United States they will be “ renegotiated or revoked . ”
During his campaign , Trump said at some point that he supported high-skilled visas , then came out against them . At one debate , he called for fully ending the program , saying : “ It 's very bad for our workers and it 's unfair for our workers . And we should end it . ”
The officials said the changes could be administrative or legislative and could include higher fees for the visas , changing the wage scale for the program or other initiatives .
About 85,000 H-1B visas are distributed annually by lottery . Many go to technology companies , which argue that the United States has a shortage of skilled technology workers .
But critics say the program has been hijacked by staffing companies that use the visas to import foreigners—often from India—who will work for less than Americans . The staffing companies then sell their services to corporate clients who use them to outsource tech work .
Employers from Walt Disney World to the University of California in San Francisco have laid off their tech employees and replaced them with H-1B visa holders . Adding to the indignity : The U.S. workers are sometimes asked to train their replacements to qualify for severance packages .
On the planned order by Trump , Ronil Hira , a professor in public policy at Howard University and a critic of the H-1B program , said , “ It 's better than nothing. ” But he added , “ It 's not as aggressive as it needs to be . ”
The tech industry has argued that the H-1B program is needed because it encourages students to stay in the U.S. after getting degrees in high-tech specialties _ and they ca n't always find enough American workers with the skills they need .
Congress is considering several bills to overhaul the visa program . One , introduced by Illinois Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin and Iowa Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley , would require companies seeking H-1B visas to first make a good-faith effort to hire Americans , a requirement many companies can dodge under the current system ; give the Labor Department more power to investigate and sanction H-1B abuses ; and give “ the best and brightest ” foreign students studying in the U.S. priority in getting H-1B visas .
Trump 's stop at the world headquarters of Snap-on Inc. would come as the president faces an approval rating of just 41 per cent in Wisconsin , a state he barely won in November . The visit also would take him to the congressional district of House Speaker Paul Ryan , who wo n't be joining the president because he 's on a bipartisan congressional trip visiting NATO countries .
Trump has travelled to promote his agenda less than his recent predecessors . White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump wanted to visit “ a company that builds American-made tools with American workers . ”
Founded in Wisconsin in 1920 , Snap-on makes hand and power tools , diagnostics software , information and management systems , and shop equipment for use in a variety of industries , including agriculture , the military and aviation . Its headquarters are in Kenosha , Wis. , and it has eight manufacturing sites in North America , including one in Milwaukee . The company employs about 11,000 people worldwide .
Associated Press writer Paul Wiseman contributed to this report .
Several members of Congress boycotted or protested President Donald Trump 's first State of the Union address this week , with some citing his alleged reference to “ shithole countries ” several weeks ago as a pretext .
Trump denied making the remark , but Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni applauded him for speaking “ frankly ” about Africa 's “ weaknesses . ”
There is some merit to that argument . I have spent a good deal of time recently thinking about the lessons of my experience in South Africa — where I was born , and where I studied and worked for seven years after college .
It is a country straddling the First World and Third , not quite a “ shithole ” — rather beautiful , actually — but always , somehow , on the edge between success and failure .
For example , Cape Town , where I helped elect the first mayor to unseat the ruling African National Congress ( ANC ) in 2006 , is suddenly on the verge of becoming the first major city in the world to run out of water . That is a rather “ shithole ” situation .
But it is also a relevant one , since those of us in California — living through another unusually dry winter — could find ourselves in a similar situation if we fail to plan ahead .
With that in mind , I offer nine simple rules to prevent any country from becoming a “ shithole ” — or to help those “ shitholes ” to become less so .
These are lessons drawn from my time as a student , freelance journalist , and speechwriter in South Africa , but they are worth keeping in mind in America , too .
1 . Do n't just choose democracy . Choose liberal democracy . Dictatorships and one-party states tend to be poor . But democracy alone can be a disaster . You need a “ liberal ” system , in the classical sense — i.e . one that enshrines the rights of the individual and protects the political minority . South Africa , miraculously , chose the path of liberal democracy . Its political flaws today are traceable to those instances where it has bowed to simple majoritarianism . ( In that vein , Republicans should think twice before ending the Senate filibuster , annoying as it is at the moment . )
2 . Do n't fall for the illusion of “ socioeconomic rights. ” The American left loves the South African Constitution because of its generous guarantees of socioeconomic rights . But these are impossible to enforce . ( Tell Cape Town how much the South African Constitution 's “ right to sufficient food and water ” means in the midst of a three-year drought . ) They also degrade the value of other , fundamental rights , and enshrine statism as a governing philosophy . ( Think about how Obamacare has violated religious freedom , and made government health care seem inevitable . )
3 . The remedy for past racism is never more racism . South Africa has an aggressive affirmative action policy that has seen skilled whites leave the civil service and the country . The result , ironically , is black South Africans are worse off . The policy of “ black economic empowerment ” has hijacked the country 's scarce investment capital to create new billionaires , with little to show for it in terms of jobs . Race-blind policies would have been better . ( Have America 's affirmative action policies really helped uplift black people ? Or have they created more racial division ? )
4 . The rule of law is fragile and irreplaceable . South Africa 's biggest challenge remains violent crime , which the ANC government has lacked the political will to confront . It also has trouble controlling illegal immigration from other African countries — and sees occasional flare-ups of xenophobic vigilante attacks . And official corruption is rampant . Neither South Africa 's beauty nor its many other advantages outweighs the decay of the rule of law . ( This is the issue in America 's immigration debate : we are encouraging chaos by failing to enforce existing federal laws . )
5 . Do n't waste time and energy attacking Israel . One of the things many “ shithole ” countries share is hatred for Israel . That is partly a legacy of Soviet patronage , or — in the Muslim world — ongoing conflict . But it also reflects a mindset that hates success . It would be far more useful for South Africa to learn from Israel 's achievements than to punish it for defending itself . Countries that reach out to Israel have tended to benefit as a result . ( Luckily , the pro-Israel sentiments of the American people defied the anti-Israel policies of the previous administration . )
6 . Expect the same of Muslims that you would expect of other citizens . Though it has some extremists , South Africa 's Muslim community lives peacefully within the broader society . One reason is that Islam — at least in the Cape — has a centuries-old , tolerant folk tradition that stands outside the tumult of the Arab world . Islam can be a positive , not a disruptive , presence when Muslims are expected to be as tolerant as all other citizens . ( For all the criticism of Trump 's rhetoric , his approach will encourage Muslims to assimilate more successfully into America . )
7 . Encourage political opposition to stand for something . Responsible opposition is crucial to the welfare of democracy , but it is a neglected political art . South Africa 's Tony Leon declined a position in the Cabinet of Nelson Mandela to build a political opposition party that could provide an alternative to the ANC 's quasi-socialism . South African democracy is stronger for his efforts . ( Likewise , Republicans in the U.S. are learning from Donald Trump that they achieve more for America by fighting for their beliefs than by acquiescing to the Beltway and the media . )
8 . Cultivate love among citizens , especially love of country . Despite all of South Africa 's challengers and dangers , many South Africans make incredible sacrifices for each other 's well-being , whether through charity or through volunteerism . That love of country persists in spite of racial , cultural , and language differences . When a country loses faith in its government , it can survive ; when the people lose faith in each other , the nation dies . ( This is the key to Donald Trump 's defenses of the flag and the anthem , which have resonated beyond Washington . )
9 . What is more important than how you exercise power is how you give it up . Nelson Mandela could have been president for life , but stepped down after just one term . And for all of its flaws , the ANC did not unilaterally change the constitution when it had the two-thirds parliamentary majority to do so . Even mature democracies like the United States can learn from that example : not everything that is politically possible should be done . ( For all his bluster , Trump has shown admirable deference to both the Constitution and the courts , unlike his predecessor . )
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News . He was named to Forward 's 50 “ most influential ” Jews in 2017 . He is the co-author of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @ joelpollak .
After the Central Bureau of Investigation booked Air Asia Director Ramachandran Venkatraman in connection with scam in Air Asia clearance the latter on Wednesday issued a statement refuting the allegation .
In a statement , he said , `` In my capacity as non-executive director of Air Asia India Limited , I have been wrongly named as an accused by the CBI on operational matters where I had little or no role to play . It is commonly known that the present accusations qua Air Asia India find their root in baseless allegations made by Mr Cyrus P Mistry and the Shapoor Pallonji Group against Tata Trusts Trustees ( me included ) and Tata Sons in his 'revenge ' legal actions . ''
He further added , `` Emails purportedly written by me have been circulated in the media in the context of the issue of 5/20 in the aviation sector . This has been a much-debated policy matter and Air Asia India was one of the many airlines that had formally sought a review of this policy . '' The CBI on Tuesday booked Air Asia Group CEO Tony Fernandes among others under the Prevention of Corruption Act for violating aviation rule to get international flying licenses . The probe agency also booked Air Asia Director , Bengaluru Ramachandran Venkatraman , and DTA consultancy Pvt Ltd founder Deepak Talwar . The investigative agency alleged that the Air Asia Group CEO lobbied with government servants for clearances , removal of existing 5/20 aviation rule and change in regulatory policies . Under the 5/20 rule , a company needs a minimum of five years of flying experience and is also required to have 20 aircraft in their possession in order to become eligible for the license . ( ANI )
Katherine Zappone has announced the death of her wife Dr Ann Louise Gilligan .
In a statement this morning the Children 's Minister says she 's heartbroken at the passing of her love and life-partner .
And she thanked staff at St James Hospital who cared for Ann Louise during her brief illness .
The couple have been together since 1981 and married in British Columbia in 2003 .
A high profile partnership they campaigned through the Courts , Oireachtas and in public to have their marriage legally recognised here .
And famously , on the day the marriage referendum was passed in 2015 , Katherine Zappone proposed live on TV .
Senator Katherine Zappone has proposed to her partner Ann Louise Gilligan live on RTÉ 's referendum coverage https : //t.co/ZnCfMqwmcI — RTÉ News ( @ rtenews ) May 23 , 2015
Statement in full from Katherine Zappone :
“ I am heartbroken following the passing of my beloved Ann Louise .
Since 1981 she has been my love and my life-partner .
Ann Louise was an educator extraordinaire . She taught at St Patricks , Drumcondra and DCU . Her exceptional love of children lives on through the work of the thousands of primary school teachers she educated throughout the country .
As co-founder and director of An Cosan a centre of learning , leadership and enterprise in Jobstown , Tallaght West Ann Louise demonstrated her commitment and love for the people of Tallaght and the wider communities . Her vision was that education transformed poverty and she believed in the power of imagination to bring about personal and social change .
As a champion of equality , fairness and justice Ann Louise was fearless . Her courage inspired us to make the ultimate commitment with our marriage in British Columbia in 2003 .
The joy of that day was matched for Ann Louise when after tireless campaigning through the courts , the Oireachtas and ultimately on the doorsteps we helped secure marriage equality for everyone in Ireland .
I want to offer my deepest appreciation to Professor Joe Harbison and the dedicated team at MISA in St James Hospital who looked after Ann Louise during her recent brief illness . They provided care , comfort and support for which I will be forever grateful .
Arrangements for those who wish to remember Ann Louise will be made public in the coming days . ”
The Beef Products Inc ( BPI ) headquarters is pictured in Dakota Dunes , South Dakota November 19 , 2012 . REUTERS/Lane Hickenbottom
CHICAGO ABC Broadcasting has lost a last-ditch bid before South Dakota 's highest court to avoid a trial in a beef producer 's $ 5.7 billion defamation case over reports about a product that critics call `` pink slime . ''
The order signed on Monday by state Supreme Court Chief Justice David Gilbertson denied ABC 's petition to appeal a recent ruling letting plaintiff Beef Products Inc ( BPI ) take its case to a jury .
In February , Judge Cheryle Gering of the Union County Circuit Court in Elk Point , South Dakota , said ABC , a unit of Walt Disney Co , and its reporter Jim Avila must defend against claims that they damaged BPI by referring in a series of reports to BPI 's “ lean finely textured beef ” product as `` pink slime . ''
Gering did not rule on the case 's merits , nor did the Supreme Court .
ABC declined on Wednesday to comment while BPI said in a statement it looked forward to holding the defendants accountable .
The case is scheduled to go to trial on June 5 and could last eight weeks .
Lean , finely textured beef is made from beef chunks , including trimmings and exposed to tiny bursts of ammonium hydroxide to kill bacteria .
At the time of the ABC News broadcasts , few Americans realized the product was a mainstay of fast-food burgers , school lunch tacos and homemade meatloaf .
BPI said ABC 's reports in March and April 2012 implied that the South Dakota-based company 's product was not safe , not nutritious and not even meat .
The network has called BPI 's lawsuit an attempt to chill media coverage of the industry and inhibit free speech .
BPI has claimed up to $ 1.9 billion of damages , which could be tripled to $ 5.7 billion under South Dakota 's Agricultural Food Products Disparagement Act .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture has called BPI 's product safe . But some retailers , including Wal-Mart Stores Inc , stopped selling ground beef containing it after the ABC reports .
Several other defendants were previously dismissed from the case , including a former Agriculture Department microbiologist said to have coined the term `` pink slime '' in a 2002 email .
The case is Beef Products Inc et al v. American Broadcasting Cos et al , First Judicial Circuit Court of South Dakota , Union County , No . 12-292 .
( Reporting by P.J . Huffstutter ; Editing by Jonathan Stempel in New York and Bill Trott )
Scroll for more content ...
It looked like a scene from an apocalypse movie as eerie , orange-brown haze saturated the San Francisco sky over the weekend .
With two wildfires burning in counties north of the city , ash and smoke covered parts of the Bay Area and Northern California , turning the skyline a sepia color .
One of the fires , dubbed the County Fire , spread with explosive speed over the weekend . It started Saturday afternoon in Yolo County and fueled by shifting winds had grown to 32,500 acres , sprawling out to neighboring Lake and Napa counties by Sunday evening , according to Cal Fire .
Only 2 % of the fire was contained as of Sunday evening and the cause is under investigation , according to a Cal Fire incident update .
Mandatory evacuations and road closures in affected areas are in effect and 116 structures are threatened , according to Cal Fire .
Firefighters were also trying to put out another fire called the Pawnee Fire , which burned 14,500 acres in Lake County . That fire is now 73 % contained after damaging 22 structures .
As thousands of firefighters battled the two fires , smoke drifted into nearby areas , discoloring the sky and showering parts of the San Francisco Bay Area with ash , leaving cars that had been parked outside , dusted with white and gray specks .
`` Ash can be found on cars that were out overnight in San Francisco , '' tweeted J.R. Stone , a journalist with CNN affiliate KRON . `` It is also yellow out . ''
The concentration of smoke is expected to last through Monday , according to the National Weather Service Bay Area .
The conditions have also sparked concerns about people using fireworks during July Fourth celebrations , as Cal Fire warned never to light fireworks near dry grass and to have a bucket of water and hose ready .
A A
Whether you make formal New Year 's resolutions or not , the changing of the calendar often leads to contemplating what changes we might like to see in our lives . On the nutrition front , these are my top five picks for habits worth cultivating in 2017 .
Cook more
Creating and serving even the simplest of meals is a profound way of caring for yourself and your loved ones . Homemade meals tend to be more healthful than ones you purchase , because when you cook from scratch , you know exactly what you 're eating . That makes it much easier to eat in a way that aligns with your health goals .
Think that cooking is difficult or time-consuming ? It can be , but it does n't have to be . Even inexperienced home cooks can do wonderful things when they learn a few core skills : A few ways to cook vegetables ; the ingredients for a simple vinaigrette ; how to cook a pot of beans or whole grains ; what to do with a piece of meat or fish , or a block of tofu or tempeh .
Nail down a few basics , assemble a small collection of condiments and seasonings that appeal to your taste buds and you 're set . For inspiration , look for cookbooks and food blogs that embrace real-world “ let 's get dinner on the table ” cooking with short ingredient lists that emphasize easily available fresh foods and pantry staples . Save any “ project ” cooking for the weekends .
Consider why you eat
Sure , you eat when you 're hungry , but what are the other reasons you eat ? Boredom ? Stress ? Loneliness ? Anxiety ? Many people use food to meet needs that food simply was n't meant to meet . When you find yourself reaching for food or mindlessly browsing the contents of your refrigerator , get in the habit of asking yourself , “ Am I hungry ? ” If the answer is “ No , ” ask yourself what you are expecting food to do for you in that moment . Usually , there are better , more meaningful ways of entertaining or soothing yourself .
Reduce added sugars
According to the 2015-2020 Dietary Guidelines for Americans , it 's difficult to get enough of the nutrients we need for good health without exceeding our calorie needs if we get more than 10 percent of our total daily calories from added sugar . The average American does get more than that , especially children , teens and young adults .
Added sugars are different from the natural sugars found in vegetables , fruits , grains and dairy products . Added sugars , which include white sugar or other calorie-containing sweeteners , are highly refined from their original source and add calories without nutrients . Beverages are the biggest source of added sugars , followed by desserts and snack foods , but sugar is added to many prepared foods which is another reason home cooking is better for health .
Eat more plants
If you make one change to your eating habits for 2017 , a great choice would be to eat more whole plant foods : vegetables , fruit , whole grains , beans and legumes , nuts and seeds , herbs and spices . Simply put , adopting a plant-based diet is one of the best moves you can make for your health if you want to make your meals more nutrient-rich and reduce your risk of heart disease , Type 2 diabetes , cancer and other chronic diseases .
The good news is that plant-based diets can take many forms , from vegan to vegetarian to flexitarian to omnivore . The common denominator is that they put plant foods at the center of your plate . If you also choose to eat animal-based foods ( meat , poultry , fish , eggs and dairy ) , they play smaller , supporting roles . While the benefits of a plant-based diet come from eating a variety of plant foods , you ca n't go wrong by making vegetables the star . They are packed with vitamins , minerals and phytonutrients — compounds that reduce chronic inflammation and disease risk — while being lower in calories than other foods .
Let go of rigid rules
Although it 's hard to go wrong with eating plenty of plants and minimizing a reliance on highly processed foods , the fact is that there 's no single perfect eating plan . A nutritious diet allows for flexibility and shifts over time to suit your tastes and nutritional needs . Trying to find and follow a “ perfect ” eating plan is not only an exercise in futility , but it also often leads to all-or-nothing thinking : You 're either perfect or you 're a failure . This can lead to feelings of shame , and shame is a lousy motivator for positive change . Perfection is the enemy of progress .
Why not try something new this year : Start small , start today and keep moving forward . Pick one or two areas to focus on — adding more vegetables to lunch and dinner , bumping up protein at breakfast , eating regularly instead of skipping meals and curbing mindless snacking are a few favorites — then add another only when you feel solid in your new habits .
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
Scroll for more content ...
Shane Breen , an Irishman who took up show jumping to get out of going to school , produced a big surprise with a first win in the Monaco leg of the Longines Global Champions Tour ( LGCT ) .
Breen and his horse , ten-year-old Belgian-bred stallion Ipswich van de Wolfsakker , beat last year 's winner , Alberto Zorzi of Italy and Fair Light van T Heike by 0.16 seconds to clinch his first win in his fifth season on the Tour for the world 's top show jumpers .
`` I 'm just ecstatic , it 's the first time I 've won a Global Champions Tour Grand Prix , and I am just over the moon , '' Breen said in a televised interview . `` Ipswich was just incredible , every jump , he just kept giving more , and giving more , and I thought , I was just enjoying it . It was lovely . ''
'Do n't panic '
Breem , 43 , said he realized he had to make up a little bit of time on Zorzi as he entered the last stretch of the six-horse jump-off in the small , technically challenging sandy arena in Monte Carlo .
`` Then I thought , do n't panic , we will just make it up somewhere , '' Breen said after producing a clear round in 35.56 seconds . `` He is naturally quite quick , so when I jumped the second last , I saw a stride to the last , and I said 'here goes . ' ''
Watched by Prince Albert II of Monaco , his sister Princess Caroline and Microsoft founder Bill Gates , Zorzi set the pace with a clear round of 35.72 seconds . Ireland 's Denis Lynch and RMF Bella Baloubet were in third place in 40.43 seconds .
Although Harrie Smolders of the Netherlands , the reigning overall champion , produced the fastest time ( 34.16 seconds ) with Cas , he finished fourth with four penalties .
Ponies
Born in Limerick , Ireland , Breen is now based in Hickstead , England . He got his first pony when he was five , and hunted throughout his childhood . He once said he became a show jumper `` because I 'd always been mad keen on horses , and I was desperate to get out of school . ''
Breem 's Monaco victory means he has qualified for the lucrative playoffs in Prague at the end of December .
`` It 's fantastic , 18 riders go to it and I 'm just so delighted , a huge pot of money there and I am just over the moon , '' said Breen .
Tops-Alexander remains overall leader
Although the top three on the overall leaderboard , Edwina Tops-Alexander of Australia and Britons Ben Maher and Scott Brash , all competed in Monaco , none of them managed to reach the jump-off .
Brash and Maher both had four penalties , while Tops-Alexander had eight .
After nine of 16 legs , Tops-Alexander remains the overall leader with 186 points , followed by Maher with 172 points and Brash with 157 points .
Both Brash and Tops-Alexander are trying to become the first rider to win the overall LGCT title for a record third time .
READ : Why professional riders are hitting the gym
Global Champions League
Earlier in the day , Rome Gladiators won the Longines Global Champions League team event after Belgium 's Constant Van Paesschen and Brazil 's Marlon Zanotelli each produced two clear rounds in the two-day team competition .
Maher and Switzerland 's Marcus Fuchs of London Knights were second , followed by Smolders and Ireland 's Mark McAuley of Montreal Diamonds .
Although the Knights remain the overall leaders with 199 points , followed by Valkenswaard United with 183 points , their Monaco victory means the Gladiators soared up the overall leaderboard to third place with 137 points .
Only the top 16 teams will qualify for the GC Play Offs and GCL Super Cup in Prague , where a record €12 million in prize money is up for grabs .
The next leg of the LGCT will be staged in Paris on 5-7 July .
If you have been down Route 59 and Stearns Road in Bartlett you 've probably seen Rick Rodriguez .
Scroll for more content ...
Rodriguez is the face outside Mr . Car Wash most days of the week . While he 's a familiar face to the locals , some have no idea he is also one of the country 's most decorated Vietnam veterans .
`` This car wash has saved my life , '' he said . `` It saved my life . I know that sound extreme , but only I can tell you how much it 's done for me . ''
For nearly 50 years , Rodriguez has battled PTSD .
`` It 's the emotional part that people need to understand , '' he said . `` It never goes away . Sometimes I have dreams where I remember every single thing like it just happened yesterday . ''
Rodriguez was just 19 when he went to fight in Vietnam . It was that same year , Sept. 28 , 1968 , that Rodriguez will never forget . Charging an enemy bunker alone , Rodriguez was credited with rescuing his wounded platoon leader and saving the lives of many members of his squad . He returned home two years later with a uniform covered in medals including two Purple Hearts , the Silver Star , two Bronze Stars and a Distinguished Service Cross , the nation 's second highest honor .
`` I have a hard time dealing with that because you know , I never considered myself a hero , '' Rodriguez said . `` When you lose a brother , it 's very difficult . I 'm 70 now and I still feel that emotion very intense . I lost very good friends and I think they should 've gotten those medals , not me . ''
Thirty-seven flags dot the perimeter of the car wash representing the 37 men in his company that did n't make it home .
`` Those flags stand for something , '' Rodriguez said . `` They were my brothers and they shall never be forgotten . ''
Most who pull in to the car wash will never know the backstory on those flags or why a little side window conversation means so much to Rodriguez . He 'll tell you he is n't here for the paycheck . In fact , every day Rodriguez is there he is as a volunteer . He said the good he gets out of it is worth more to him than any paycheck . It was the one thing that was able to bring him back from a dark place .
`` Many vets suffer with it every single day , '' said Jay Garsticki , the host of Operation Fishing Freedom , a Discovery Channel show dedicated to telling the stories of U.S. Veterans .
`` They think it 's buried and here it rears its ugly head every now and again . That 's when these veterans either decide to take their own lives or turn to drugs and alcohol to cope . ''
Studies have shown that simply talking and sharing their stories helps in the healing process . If you 'd like to know more and support getting those vet 's stories out there , check out their kickstarter campaign . The best way many of us know to honor those who gave their lives for our country is to honor and share the stories of those still here to share it .
Wednesday on CNN , Rep. Jim Jordan ( R-OH ) said the claims that when he was a wrestling coach at Ohio State , he ignored wrestlers sex abuse allegations by the team doctor are “ just flat-out not true . ”
Jordon said , “ We knew of no abuse . Never heard of abuse . If we had , we would have reported it . If , in fact , you know , if , in fact , there 's — we want justice for the victims . We 're happy to talk with the folks doing the investigation . But nothing —I mean , things they said about me were just flat-out not true . ”
When a reporter asked about the timing , Jordon said , “ Look , the timing makes you wonder . All I know is , it 's not true . ”
He added , “ It 's interesting that the timing is what it is , in light of things that are going on in Washington . ”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @ pamkeyNEN
Ousted South Korean President Park Geun-hye arrives for questioning on her arrest warrant at the Seoul Central District Court in Seoul , South Korea , Thursday , March 30 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ahn Young-Joon/Pool
South Korea 's ousted leader Park Geun-hye sits inside a vehicle as she leaves after being taken to Seoul detention center , at a prosecutor 's office in Seoul , South Korea , March 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
Ousted South Korean President Park Geun-hye ( C ) leaves the prosecutors ' office as she is transferred to a detention house in Seoul , South Korea March 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Chung Sung-Jun
SEOUL Ousted South Korean leader Park Geun-hye was behind bars in the Seoul Detention Centre on Friday after her arrest , on charges including bribery , in a corruption scandal that has brought low some of the country 's business and political elite .
In a dramatic fall from power , Park , 65 , became South Korea 's first democratically elected leader to be thrown out of office . She is accused of colluding with a friend , Choi Soon-sil , to pressure big businesses to contribute funds to foundations that backed her policy initiatives .
She and Choi , who is already in custody and on trial , deny any wrongdoing .
In the early hours of Friday , the Seoul Central District Court approved prosecutors ' request for an arrest warrant for Park after she gave about eight hours of testimony .
Park and her lawyers had argued that she should not be arrested because she did not pose a flight risk and would not try to tamper with evidence . But the court disagreed , and said she might try to manipulate evidence .
Just before dawn , Park was driven to prison just outside Seoul in a black sedan , ashen-faced and flanked by two female officers in the back seat , her hair down apparently having removed the hairpins that held her hair in its usual classic chignon style . [ L3N1H80KH ]
Prosecutors now have 20 days to build their case while Park remains in detention .
Park 's removal from office capped months of paralysis and turmoil over the corruption scandal that also landed the head of the Samsung Group , South Korea 's largest `` chaebol '' , or family-run conglomerate , in detention and on trial .
The political upheaval comes at a time of rising tensions with North Korea over its weapons programme and with China , which is angry over South Korea 's decision to host a U.S. anti-missile defence system .
Park 's impeachment on March 10 , which upheld a parliamentary vote in December , effectively left a political vacuum with only an interim president in place before a snap May 9 election .
Liberal opposition politician Moon Jae-in is leading in opinion polls and is expected to win that election .
`` The arrest of the former president Park amounts to upholding the people 's stern order to build a country where justice and common sense stand firm , '' Moon 's spokesman , Park Kwang-on , said in a statement .
`` It is the first step to rebuilding a collapsed Republic of Korea , '' Park Kwang-on said , using South Korea 's official name .
Prosecutors said on Monday Park was accused of soliciting companies for money and infringing upon the freedom of corporate management in her position as president .
She could face more than 10 years in jail if convicted of receiving bribes from chaebol bosses , including Samsung Group [ SAGR.UL ] chief Jay Y. Lee , in return for favours .
Lee , who denies charges that he provided bribes in return for favours for Samsung , is in detention in the same facility as Park and on trial separately .
After several preliminary hearings , Lee 's trial will begin on April 7 .
( Editing by Jack Kim and Paul Tait )
× Gary Kubiak steps down as Broncos head coach
( CNN ) — Less than a year after winning the Super Bowl , Gary Kubiak is leaving his position as Denver Broncos head coach .
“ As I told our team last night , this is an extremely difficult decision to step down as head coach , ” Kubiak said in a statement released Monday morning . “ I love to work and I love football , but ultimately the demands of the job are no longer a good fit for me . ”
“ I gave everything I had to this team the last two seasons , but this year , in particular , has been tough on me . As hard as it is to leave this position , I know that it 's the best thing for myself , my family and the Denver Broncos . ”
Kubiak has had more than one health scare in his career . He missed Denver 's game on October 13 against the San Diego Chargers because of a complex migraine condition . When he was head coach of the Houston Texans , Kubiak suffered a transient ischemic attack — commonly known as a mini-stroke — when he collapsed during a game in 2013 .
“ When Gary informed me of his decision to step down as head coach , I was obviously saddened and disappointed , ” Broncos general manager John Elway said in a statement . “ But , I understand and respect Gary for doing what 's right for him as well as his family . ”
Kubiak was 24-11 in his two seasons as Denver 's coach . He will address the media with Elway at 10 a.m. ( noon ET ) on Monday .
Last season , Kubiak led Denver to a 24-10 win in Super Bowl 50 in February against the Carolina Panthers .
Following the win , however , the Broncos took a step back . Quarterback Peyton Manning retired , and his backup , Brock Osweiler , left for the Houston Texans . That left the Broncos with Trevor Siemian , a seventh-round draft pick in 2015 , to start their title defense .
The Broncos finished this season 9-7 and did n't reach the playoffs .
In his 10th season as an NFL head coach , Kubiak was 87-77 . He spent 22 years with the Broncos , including nine as a quarterback from 1983-91 and 11 as offensive coordinator from 1995-2005 . He also was an assistant coach when Denver won back-to-back Super Bowls from 1997-98 .
“ I 'm not sure what my future holds , but I know that I 'll always consider myself a Bronco , ” Kubiak said . “ This team is in good hands with a lot of outstanding people , and I expect great things ahead for the Denver Broncos . ”
Provincial police are patrolling Ontario roads in transport trucks this week in an effort to crack down on distracted driving by commercial truck drivers .
Ontario Provincial Police say the five-day road safety blitz launched Monday is the first time officers have used transport trucks on patrol .
They say being in the trucks will give officers a better vantage point for spotting distracted or dangerous drivers .
The OPP say inattentive driving causes over a quarter of all commercial vehicle collisions .
Scroll for more content ...
It 's one of the most isolated places on an already isolated island .
Entry to this town requires a special pass for nonresidents , and even Cubans can wait weeks for permission to visit family here . A Cuban military checkpoint marks its access road . And nearby still looms a faded billboard that reads , `` This is the first anti-imperialist trench . ''
Caimanera , Cuba -- just across Guantanamo Bay from the notorious US naval base -- is surrounded by guard towers , bomb shelters dug into the hillsides , concealed military encampments and miles of cactus ordered planted by Fidel Castro .
Long before `` Gitmo '' gained notoriety as the prison where terrorism suspects were sent to indefinitely await trial , this is no man 's land was dubbed the `` Cactus Curtain '' by the US Marines who stood guard , eyeball to eyeball with Cuban soldiers . Thousands of land mines were planted around Caimanera as the base lingered as a potential Cold War flashpoint , each side watching anxiously for any miscalculation , any provocation that could lead to a greater conflict .
In some ways , this town-turned-military zone of 11,000 residents is like any other , with relatives watching from wooden porches as children splash in the tranquil , light blue water .
But it 's also steeped in decades of international tension . Here , residents told CNN , a day does n't go by without the sound of machine-gun fire , mortars or some other threat drifting to them across the bay . The activity continues as , far from here , a new leader -- one not named Castro -- has taken the reins of this island nation , while US President Donald Trump oversees freshly tightened travel restrictions and sanctions against the Communist state .
It 's perhaps why , unlike their countrymen elsewhere , people here still refer to Americans on the Navy base with a term that reflects a conflict still quite unresolved : el enemigo -- the enemy .
Off limits to outsiders
Caimanera and nearby Boquerón sprang up in the early 20th century , after the United States invaded Cuba to kick out the Spanish troops whom Cuban revolutionaries had rebelled against .
The two nations soon signed an indefinite lease for the 45-square-mile plot that served as home to the oldest military base maintained overseas by the United States -- though critics now say Cuba was in no position to reject its terms .
The bayside villages grew to house thousands of Cubans who found work at the American outpost -- and also became home to rows of brothels frequented by US servicemen .
All that changed in 1959 , when Castro took control in Cuba , and his revolutionary government clashed with the United States .
Both countries accused the other of using the base as provocation for war . Castro cut off water to the base , refused to accept the then-yearly rent of $ 2,000 and said no more Cubans would be given permission to work for the Americans there .
To prevent Cubans seeking to flee to the United States via Gitmo , Caimanera and towns like it became militarized zones -- closely watched and off limits to outsiders . Amid tiffs with the Americans , Cuban officials cut off fishing in large parts of the bay and assailed the `` illegal occupation '' of the base , which in time came to resemble a small American town , with a bowling alley and Cuba 's only McDonald 's .
Over time , the base -- and the zone around it -- came to symbolize the decades-old dispute that more than once has nearly sparked a war . To wit , while portraying the base commander in the 1992 movie , `` A Few Good Men , '' Jack Nicholson bragged : `` I eat breakfast 300 yards from 4,000 Cubans who are trained to kill me . ''
'Nowhere else like that in Cuba '
But as the journalists arrived on a recent afternoon , residents here offered a greeting of booming music in the town 's main bayfront plaza . Children danced in unison and demonstrated martial arts . One boy dressed as a Cuban soldier and waved a pellet gun .
The town was immaculately clean and , like just about everywhere else in Cuba , was adorned with murals of the revolutionary icon , Ernesto `` Che '' Guevara .
A three-star hotel on the largest hill in town was devoid of any tourists , despite the inviting pool and model of the Navy base , complete with plastic US and Cuban soldiers .
This town was named for a type of alligator that was once common in the area but has since disappeared -- symbolic , perhaps , of Caimanera 's current state .
An overgrown cemetery on a small hill top on the outskirts of town sat abandoned .
Some residents here work as part of the massive defense network against the Americans , others in a nearby salt plant .
Cuban officials said they try to compensate the town 's residents for living in relative seclusion in the base 's shadow by adding goods like red meat and milk -- hard to find in Cuba -- to their government-provided rations .
But some residents , like Olga Perez Guerra , who proudly wears a Che Guevara T-shirt and said she supports the Cuban government , admitted that the town 's young people are weary of being cut off from the rest of their nation .
`` If today , as a young Cuban from Caimanera , I fall in love with someone who is n't from here , I have to ask permission for them to be able to come here , '' Perez said . `` There 's nowhere else like that in Cuba . ''
'Very good at holding people securely '
In 2002 , the US began to send terrorism suspects awaiting military tribunals to Guantanamo . Many of the suspects would later say they were tortured by CIA interrogators and held in inhumane conditions .
President Barack Obama swore to close the prison , but Congress stymied those efforts , concerned about where the suspects would face trial instead .
Cuban officials have pushed for the return of the base , even if it meant taking over administration of the prison , said Obama 's deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes in his book , `` The World As It Is : A Memoir of the Obama White House . ''
`` We are very interested in Guantanamo , '' Rhodes said Col. Alejandro Castro , Raul Castro 's son and the chief Cuban negotiator in secret talks with the United States , told him during their meetings . When Rhodes brought up the issue of the enemy combatant detainees , Alejandro Castro told Rhodes that Cuba would continue to incarcerate them .
`` We take note of your difficulty in removing prisoners , '' Rhodes said Castro said to him . `` Cuba is prepared to make the security requirements to hold them . Cuba is very good at holding people securely . ''
Obama rejected Cuba 's overture , Rhodes said in his book .
'Fence line ' meetings and fireworks
While tensions remain , the United States and Cuba have settled into something of an uneasy truce , like a divorced couple forced to live together .
US officials say they removed thousands of the land mines placed around the base years ago and replaced them with lights and motion sensors .
US and Cuban military officers hold monthly `` fence line '' meetings to discuss upcoming maneuvers and other issues . Sometimes , US and Cuban officials said , the military brass host each other for lunch .
In February , Cuban military and firefighters helped the base put out a wildfire that exploded land mines on the Cuban side and threatened houses on the base .
In Caimanera , residents in June showed off how the base 's T-Mobile cell phone service reaches their town and said a crowd gathers every year in town to watch the base 's Fourth of July fireworks show across Guantanamo Bay .
`` It 's amazing , '' one resident , named Carlos , said . `` They turn the night into day . ''
It 's no secret that everybody loves a bargain , so the PeopleStyle editors searched high and low for the best exclusive discounts for you to use this fall . Whether you 're shopping to liven up your seasonal wardrobe or just ca n't resist an amazing deal , there 's bound to be some major deal you 'll want to take advantage of right now . See all the codes below , get shopping and enjoy . *
Admk Jewelry : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PS20
Accessory Concierge : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLESTYLE
Adorn512 : Get 25 % off everything on the site with code PS25
Angela Roi : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLESTYLE20
BH Cosmetics : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLESTYLE20
Bill Blass : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code BB20
Bonheur Jewelry : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLESTYLE20
Chelsea and Walker : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code SHOPCW
Coco Loves Rome : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code COCO20
Elizabeth Stone : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PSES20
Ella Moss : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code STYLE20
Ettika : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLESTYLE
Fashion Junkee : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code FASHIONJUNKEE917
Fifteen Twenty : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code VINTAGEVELVET20
Foreo : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLESTYLE
Gojane : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLESTYLE
Hat Attack : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code HAT123
Imoshion : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code IMO-110230
Jessica London : Get 40 % off everything on the site with code JLPEOPSTYLE
Joules : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLE20
Karuna : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLSTYLE20
Leader Bag Co : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLESTYLE20
Lionel : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLESTYLE
Lulu Dharma : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PS17
Mili Health Smart : Get 30 % off everything on the site with code MILIPEOPLE30
Narie : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code STYLENARIE20
New York & Company : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code 3343
Ofra : Get 30 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLESTYLE30
Qupid : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PSSKIPPER03
Patrizia Luca : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLESTYLE
Press : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLESTYLE20
Randolph Engineering : Get $ 10 off anything on the site with code PEOPLE10
Roberta Chiarella : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PS20
Sara Happ : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLESTYLE20
Sterling Forever : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PS20
Sigma : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLESTYLE
Stella & Ruby : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code FALL17
The Daily Edited : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLESTYLE20
The Jet Set Diaries : Get 20 % off everything on the site with the code PEOPLESTYLE
Tucker NYC : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code PEOPLESTYLEXTUCKER
Urban Expressions : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code JAZZ20
Yochi : Get 20 % off everything on the site with code YOCHI20
* For full promotions and exclusions , pick up the PeopleStyle September 2017 issue , on newsstands now .
Cara Pressman sobbed in the big red chair in her living room . The 15-year-old tried to absorb the devastating news relayed by her parents : that their insurance company , Aetna , denied her for a minimally invasive brain surgery that could end the seizures that have haunted her since she was 9 years old .
“ When my parents told me , I went kind of blank and started crying , ” she said . “ I cried for like an hour . ”
Her friends had been lined up to visit her in the hospital for the surgery three days away , on Monday , October 23 . Between tears , she texted them that the whole thing was off .
This 15-year-old wept as her parents told her their insurance company denied her for minimally invasive brain surgery that could end her seizures https : //t.co/v7D5jFlob4 pic.twitter.com/J5OsF5X0qQ — CNN ( @ CNN ) December 11 , 2017
It was supposed to be a joyous weekend . Cara 's grandparents had come to town to celebrate their 90th birthdays , a jubilant party with more than 100 family and friends crowding her home . The party did go on — just with a lot more stress .
Cara had multiple complex partial seizures that weekend . When the seizures strike , her body gets cold and shakes , and she zones out for anywhere from 20 seconds to two minutes , typically still aware of her surroundings . Her seizures can be triggered by stress , by being happy , by exerting herself — almost anything . “ It 's like having a nightmare but while you 're awake , ” she said .
In the six weeks since the denial , Cara has had more than two dozen seizures affecting her everyday life . Her message to Aetna is blunt : “ Considering they 're denying me getting surgery and stopping this thing that 's wrong with my brain , I would probably just say , ‘ Screw you . ' ”
Aetna : We 're looking out for what 's best for patients
The Pressman family and , separately , Jennifer Rittereiser , a 44-year-old mom who has struggled with seizures since she was 10 , approached CNN in recent weeks after they were both denied , by Aetna , for laser ablation surgery , a minimally invasive procedure in which a thin laser is used to heat and destroy lesions in the brain where the seizures are originating . Aetna is the third-largest health insurance provider in the country , providing medical coverage to 23.1 million people .
Neurologists consider laser ablation , which is performed through a small hole in the skull , to be safer and more precise than traditional brain surgery , where the top portion of the skull is removed in order for doctors to operate . The procedure is less daunting for the patient and parents who make decisions for their children : No one likes the idea of a skull opened and a chunk of brain removed .
In denying Cara her surgery , Aetna said it considers laser ablation surgery “ experimental and investigational for the treatment of epilepsy because the effectiveness of this approach has not been established . ”
“ Clinical studies have not proven that these procedures effective for treatment of the member 's condition , ” Aetna wrote in its rejection letter .
The insurance company did approve her for the more invasive and more expensive open brain surgery , called a temporal lobectomy , even though her medical team never sought approval for the procedure .
The laser surgery is approved by the Food and Drug Administration and is widely recognized within the epilepsy community as an effective treatment alternative to open brain surgery , especially when the location of seizure activity can be pinpointed to a specific part of the brain .
Dr. Jamie Van Gompel , a neurosurgeon at the Mayo Clinic , disputes Aetna 's assessment . He is not involved in Cara 's care nor Rittereiser 's treatment , but he said Aetna 's assessment is wrong .
“ I would not call it experimental at all , ” said Van Gompel , who is leading a clinical trial on the surgery at Mayo as part of a larger national study . “ It 's definitely not an experimental procedure . There 've been thousands of patients treated with it . It 's FDA-approved . There 's a lot of data out there to suggest it 's effective for epilepsy . ”
Van Gompel said a temporal lobectomy carries a much higher risk of serious complications , including the possibility of death . “ It 's a big jump to go to a big invasive procedure , ” he said .
Recovery time after open brain surgery can range from six to 12 weeks . By contrast , a patient who undergoes laser ablation can be back to work or at school in less than two weeks . The pain from laser surgery is much less , and extreme headaches are fewer than with open brain surgery , Van Gompel said .
While laser ablation has not yet undergone large randomized controlled trials , Van Gompel said existing data shows it 's effective more than 50 % of the time . He hopes the current clinical trial will show a success rate of 60 % to 70 % or better in epilepsy patients . Temporal lobectomies , he said , have a slightly better rate , of more than 70 % .
Pressed by CNN for a better explanation on its denial , Aetna stood by its rejection for Cara and Rittereiser , saying it was in the best interest of the patients . But the language was softened slightly .
“ Clinical effectiveness and our members ' safety are the primary criteria we use in determining whether a treatment or service is medically necessary , ” Aetna said . “ There is currently a limited amount of evidence-based , clinical studies related to laser ablation surgery . As noted by the Epilepsy Foundation , only studies with a very small number of participants have been used to report the effectiveness of this procedure . We consistently evaluate any new studies or additional evidence when developing our clinical policy bulletins , and will continue to do so for this procedure . ”
Contacted for reaction , the Epilepsy Foundation strongly objected to Aetna 's remarks , saying the insurance company took its information out of context . Laser ablation surgery “ has emerged as a new minimally invasive surgical option that is best suited for patients with symptomatic localization-related epilepsy , ” said Dr. Jacqueline French , the chief science officer with the Epilepsy Foundation .
“ This technology is much less invasive than the alternative , which involves removing a sizeable piece of brain , at a substantially higher monetary and personal cost , ” French said . “ This path should be available , if the treating epilepsy physician has recommended it , without delay or barriers . ”
Phil Gattone , the president and CEO of the Epilepsy Foundation , said insurance denials and other barriers to treatment have become a common battle for thousands of Americans with seizure disorders .
Gattone knows first-hand the pain of what Cara 's parents are going through . His own son began having seizures when he was 4 and underwent brain surgery in the early 1990s . “ It was extremely challenging for our family to make a decision to remove part of our child 's skull and brain for a surgery that we hoped would end the devastation of seizures that were stopping his development , ” Gattone said . “ We took this leap of faith and made the decision , and it worked out the best for him . ”
But he added that he and his wife wished laser ablation surgery had been available back then . The device used for laser ablation surgery was approved by the FDA nine years ago . “ I know that my wife and I would 've found much more comfort if we had had ( laser ablation ) as an option , ” he said .
Gattone said people with seizures , their caregivers and their doctors should not be “ spending critical time in the midst of a health-care crisis , filing paperwork , making appeals or otherwise going through the motions of administrative paperwork ” trying to get approval for a life-changing operation .
“ The Epilepsy Foundation can understand no reason why an insurance company would place any barrier to delay a treatment that may save an individual 's life , promote the development of the young child 's brain or bring about seizure control , ” Gattone said .
Mom who crashed with kid in car gets denied
Jennifer Rittereiser lost consciousness behind the wheel of her silver SUV while driving with her 7-year-old son , Robert , in April . Her SUV rammed into a car in front of her and struck it again before veering into oncoming traffic . Her vehicle careened down an embankment , flipped over and came to rest on its side amid a tangle of brush . She narrowly missed slamming into a guardrail and several trees .
Mom and son somehow managed to walk free unharmed .
“ People were amazed , ” she said . “ They had a helicopter on the way , actually . I am extremely fortunate just from that sense . ”
Rittereiser has battled seizures since she was 10 and has been able to function with an array of medications in the three decades since . For much of her life , she could tell when the seizures might come .
These were n't like the seizures depicted in Hollywood movies ; she would n't fall to the ground and writhe . She would zone out for a spell . She could understand people and could still function but could n't speak back — or if she did , her words were garbled .
As an executive in the health care industry , Rittereiser has fallen asleep during meetings . When she senses a seizure coming , she rushes to the bathroom to hide until they go away . One time , she says she urinated on herself at her desk without realizing it .
Rittereiser had a crash in 2014 in which she rear-ended a car after she had a seizure . No one was hurt in that crash , but she stopped driving for more than a year . Her medications were tweaked , and her seizures were largely kept in check , until the crash this April .
She was soon evaluated by an array of doctors and recommended for laser ablation surgery . After 34 years of struggling with seizures , she thought her ordeal might finally come to an end . Surgery was set for June 16 .
But in late May , Aetna denied the surgery . She fought Aetna 's decision through a lengthy appeals process . Aetna refused to budge .
“ It 's just not right , ” Rittereiser said .
She said she recently went to Aetna 's website to look up the company 's values . She felt nauseated . “ Everything in their core values is not being shown in the way I 'm being treated . They 're talking about promoting wellness and health and ‘ being by your side . ' ”
She paused , contemplating the company 's “ by your side ” catchphrase , saying it 's “ the most ridiculous thing , because they are the biggest barrier to my success and my well-being going forward .
“ It drives me crazy . ”
Dad : ‘ You get so angry '
Julie Pressman stood near an elevator at her doctor 's office when word came that Cara 's surgery had been denied . The mom fell to the floor and wept .
She called Cara 's father , Robert . He was at the airport picking up his 90-year-old parents for their birthday party . Mom and Dad rallied for their daughter and gathered strength to break the news . That 's when Cara sat in the red chair , crying inconsolably .
“ Telling Cara was horrible , ” her mom said . “ Horrible . ”
“ It 's just so frustrating for us to know there 's a solution out there — a way to fix our daughter — and some bureaucratic machine is preventing this from happening , ” Robert Pressman said . “ You get so angry , but you do n't know who to take it out on , because there 's no particular person that 's doing it . It 's this big bureaucracy that 's preventing this from happening . ”
Julie and Robert said the most beautiful day of their lives came on August 20 , 2002 , when Cara popped into the world and met her 2-year-old sister , Lindsey , for the first time . “ That was the day we became a family , ” Julie said . “ Our love for those girls is amazing . How we got this lucky is beyond us . ”
But that luck has been tested . When Cara was 9 , she 'd complained of extreme headaches for much of the day one evening , and then in the middle of the night , she began seizing uncontrollably . The family had two black Labradors that had gone to her room and barked like crazy to alert her parents . Cara had bitten her tongue , and blood was running down her face when they got to the room .
It was a terrifying scene . She was rushed off in an ambulance and underwent a battery of tests . Mom , Dad and Cara never thought they 'd still be battling seizures six years later — let alone an insurance company . She 's had seizures on the soccer field , during softball games , on stage during plays , in the classroom . Almost everywhere .
How does she envision a life without seizures ?
“ I do n't know , ” she said . “ I 've never had a life without seizures . ”
“ You will . You will , ” her dad told her .
“ I just do n't know when , ” she responded .
Mom : “ It will happen , kiddo . ”
Her mother calls Cara a feisty , petite powerhouse with big marble eyes and long eyelashes and a funny wit to match . She 's a naturally gifted athlete , singer and dancer , but her parents feel that her seizures have kept her from reaching her full potential .
They long for the day when the seizures are gone . The parents said they have paid $ 24,000 for insurance with Aetna this year . They 're determined to get Cara laser ablation surgery with or without the insurance company 's help . They will appeal Aetna 's latest rejection — but they 're not optimistic .
In preparation , they 've begun exploring raiding their retirement funds to pay the $ 300,000 out of pocket . “ Cara is worth every penny , but man , ” her mom said . ” ‘ Screw Aetna , ' indeed , to quote my kid . ”
A group of Gulfport middle schoolers is preparing for an international level of competition . The robotics teams at Bayou View Middle School are advancing to the VEX Robotics World Championship .
Show on slavery prompts artist to quit Montreal Jazz Fest
OTTAWA , Ontario ( AP ) — American singer-songwriter Moses Sumney canceled his Tuesday night performance at the Montreal International Jazz Festival , protesting the event 's ties to a show on slavery performed by whites .
The black entertainer criticized the festival for supporting `` SLAV , '' a theatrical production on black slavery that he said constitutes cultural appropriation . Instead of performing at the festival , he played two back-to-back shows Tuesday night at a Montreal club venue .
`` SLAV , '' directed by Robert Lepage and starring Betty Bonifassi , sparked protests in Montreal last week , with its critics arguing it appropriates black culture . In the production , the predominantly white cast dresses as cotton pickers and poor field workers and sings old slave songs .
`` Their songs are taken from them by white people and performed to rooms full of other white people for high ticket prices , '' Sumney wrote in a letter to festival organizers that he also published on his Tumblr blog . `` I much would have preferred seeing actual black Americans sing their own slave songs . ''
Bonifassi told the Montreal Gazette last week that she did n't `` feel badly at all '' about the production . `` I do n't see color . To me , it does n't exist , physically or in music , '' she said .
In his letter to the festival , Sumney criticized Bonifassi 's comments , saying that `` the solution to racism is not to erase race altogether . ''
He also compared `` SLAV '' to blackface minstrel shows . `` The only thing missing is black paint , '' he wrote .
When contacted by The Associated Press , the jazz festival 's media relations director , Greg Kitzler , said , `` We respect his decision and hope Moses Sumney will perform at the festival in a near future . ''
Kitzler declined to comment on whether the festival would continue supporting `` SLAV , '' but added that a press release planned for Wednesday would offer clarification .
The play is scheduled to run until July 14 as part of the festival 's 39th edition . Thousands of musical acts have performed at the fest over the years , including Stevie Wonder , Aretha Franklin , B.B . King and Diana Ross .
Sure , social media influencers with millions of followers are impressive . But most of them are only human . Nowadays , Insta-famous pets are where it 's at : Animal celebs like Doug the Pug and Grumpy Cat can also make bank on their every post for a leading brand .
With the explosion of furry superstars in the past decade , many pet owners with fair to middling social followings ( but very cute and special pets ! ) are wondering how they , too , can get in on the action .
That 's where special marketing agencies like # paid can help . Bryan Gold , the influencer platform 's co-founder , shared some hot tips with PEOPLE about how ordinary people with extraordinary pets can match up their animal family members with brands for authentic , money-making collaborations . # paid has a network of 13,000 influencers in more than 300 countries — including some very successful pets like @ tibbythecorgi ( 232,000 followers ) and @ toby_littledude ( 156,000 followers ) — and partnerships with top brands including Airbnb , Coca-Cola , Ikea and Visa .
Read on to learn how to tweak your pet 's social media presence for maximum added value .
Do cute pets , exotic pets or weird/unusual pets make the best influencers in terms of reach and paycheck ?
In terms of which pets make the best accounts , it mirrors quite similar to human creators — having a unique look or being cute/good-looking can help — [ but ] what matters most is dedication toward creating content , building a community and engaging with other related content creators .
Are cats or dogs most popular with brands ?
We 're seeing brands work with all sorts of different type of pets/animal friends — cats , dogs and other more exotic pets included .
Are looks or an interesting background story more important ?
Backgrounds and personality shine over everything ! While a cute pet may get an initial glance , compelling stories and a personality capture people 's hearts and make them come back for more .
How do you know if your pet has what it takes to become an influencer ?
If you are debating about sharing the love you have for your pet , you need to think about whether both you and your pet are ready to make that commitment together . Are you able to have your pet pose and be camera-ready for that perfect shot ? Can you commit to producing enough content on a regular basis that you can post at least once a day ? Are you ready to engage , follow , and comment with your followers , as well as other related pet accounts so new people can discover your account too ?
What are some best practices for getting your pet who has a small or moderate following to the 5,000-plus follower mark that # paid requires ?
One of # paid 's editorial team members wrote an article about how to start becoming a blogger , Instagrammer or YouTuber , sharing these five tips :
Pick a niche : There are a lot of pet accounts , why do people want to follow yours ? Differentiation is key .
There are a lot of pet accounts , why do people want to follow yours ? Differentiation is key . Brand yourself : Ensure your usernames , profile photos and color schemes are consistent across all of your social media and creative channels for maximum recognition .
Ensure your usernames , profile photos and color schemes are consistent across all of your social media and creative channels for maximum recognition . Get the necessary equipment : You can be started with a phone , but eventually , you 'll want to invest in the right type of camera , website and editing software .
: You can be started with a phone , but eventually , you 'll want to invest in the right type of camera , website and editing software . Practice photography and editing : Creating high-quality content takes a lot of work , and honing skills like photography and video editing requires lots of practice .
Creating high-quality content takes a lot of work , and honing skills like photography and video editing requires lots of practice . Be consistent by setting a schedule : Posting on a regular schedule can help to maintain your viewer base , as people will know when to expect new content from you .
Why are some brands using animals instead of people , and how can they tell if it 's helping with purchases of products or the brand 's popularity ?
Marketers need to rely on each pet account 's team to figure out the best way to bring the brand to life . Generally pets talk about their owners or find dynamic ways to integrate the products . People often underestimate the creativity and the power of pet influencer accounts . In many ways , pets can embed products into their feed without being deemed a sellout — their cuteness shines through .
Which brands and animal influencers has # paid matched ?
Some of our most recent animal influencer accounts include : @ tibbythecorgi , @ toby_littledude , and @ iggyjoey . They 've worked with clients ranging from the consumer goods space to music and entertainment , including Universal Music .
How much do your top pet influencers earn ?
These influencer accounts have the potential to earn from hundreds to thousands of dollars per post — Tibby the Corgi , for example , earns well over $ 2,000 per post . One of the ways in how # paid helps creators is helping them learn how to price themselves accordingly . One of our general rules is pricing based on a Cost Per Engagement basis ; you can learn how to price yourself at our creator page : hashtagpaid.com/creators . We 're continuing to bring creators and brands together and make it easier for them to collaborate , especially as we announced our latest financing round of $ 9 million , which will accelerate our growth and make influencer marketing even more accessible .
What responsibility do owners have toward their influencer pets and what are the ethics involved ?
If people are adopting or breeding pets for the sole purpose of monetizing them through Instagram , it 's important to remember that audiences will see through that . Treat your pets with respect and on the right side of the law . The creator ecosystem is tight-knit and people talk — karma has a funny way of working out .
Sonnie Johnson was right…AGAIN . This week on Did She Say That , she revisits the rise of Democrat socialism .
For nearly three years , Sonnie has been warning about how socialism is spreading . The rise of socialist darling Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez , protests calling for the dismantling of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) , and the endorsement of open borders and sanctuary cities are just a few of the signs of a socialist storm that is gathering .
Sonnie lets you know the so-called “ experts ” in the conservative establishment are not helping you prepare for the very real socialist threat that awaits America . Using American history as a guide , Sonnie shows how economic cycles repeat – and what to expect after the Trump boom . Just how are the socialists going to accomplish this ? “ They 're going to sell equality , and then they 're going to put Marx into policy , ” says Johnson .
Finally , Sonnie talks about surveillance abuse , Whoopi 's vagina , and how Jay-Z is doing the job conservatives should be doing .
Sonnie Johnson is the host of the weekly Breitbart podcast Did She Say That with Sonnie Johnson . She is also the host of Sonnie 's Corner on SiriusXM Patriot 125 , Saturdays at 1 p.m. Eastern . Follow her on Twitter @ SonnieJohnson .
A proposed bill would increase the fee Alaskans pay to the state when they buy studded tires by 1,500 percent .
The rutted lanes on the Glenn Highway in Anchorage 's Eagle River section have helped prompt the new legislation .
Anchorage Republican Senator Cathy Giessel drives on the highway each week to pick up her grandchildren .
“ The deep ruts there are a significant safety hazard , ” Giessel said . “ Cars get stuck in them during the winter trying to change lanes , lose control . In the summer they fill with water , increasing the chance of hydroplaning and , again , losing control . ”
Giessel has identified studded tires as at least partially the culprit in causing the ruts .
She 's introduced Senate Bill 50 , which would increase the state fee for studded tires from $ 5 per tire to $ 75 per tire . That 's on top of a $ 2.50 fee for all new tires .
She said the money will help pay for road repairs , which can cost $ 1 million per mile on a two-lane highway . She sees it as a kind of user fee for drivers .
“ They can choose studded tires or the new technology tires , ” Giessel said . “ But if they 're going to choose studded tires – which do result in the rutting of the roads , the damage to the roads , then we need to have some way to repair those roads , for everyone 's safety . ”
State records show about 50,000 studded tires were purchased or commercially installed in 2015 .
Alaska Department of Transportation and Public Facilities spokeswoman Shannon McCarthy said studded tires do cause more damage than winter tires that do n't have studs .
“ The very fact that they 're designed with a metal pin – that does … take a chip out of the surface that they 're driving in , ” McCarthy said .
McCarthy noted other things damage pavement , include vehicles ' weight . That 's why the state puts weight restrictions on roads when the ground is thawing .
Alaska also limits use of studded tires , from Sept. 15 through April 30 north of the 60th parallel and from October 1 to April 15 south of the 60th parallel .
The department recently started a research project with the University of Alaska Anchorage to look at the impact of studded tires in Alaska .
Giessel said she 's had a positive experience with non-studded winter tires making the drive to her house in Anchorage 's Hillside neighborhood .
“ We have a very steep and actually slightly curving driveway , so it 's a very low-velocity climb , ” Giessel said . “ And , boy , that new-technology tire climbed right up on slippery days . I was very impressed . ”
A Washington state study found that studded tires perform slightly better in starts and stops than nonstudded tires on smooth ice . But nonstudded tires otherwise perform equal to or better than studded tires in winter driving conditions .
Giessel is looking forward to hearings on the bill . She said she 's started to hear reactions from tire sellers .
“ It 's been mixed , ” she said . “ There are folks that sell tires that say , ‘ Yeah , you 're right , these are the best thing . ' There are other folks that say , ‘ If you take away studded tire – If you put this kind of fee on studded tires , I 'll lose a lot of business , because I sell studded tires . ' ”
A hearing date for the bill in the Senate Transportation Committee has n't been announced .
MEXICO CITY U.S. authorities have not been able to find any trace of ill-gotten assets belonging to jailed drug lord Joaquin `` El Chapo '' Guzman , Mexico 's attorney general said on Wednesday .
Before he was captured last year and extradited to the United States in January to stand trial , Guzman was one of the world 's most wanted drug traffickers and believed to have accumulated a fortune from reigning over his Sinaloa Cartel over many years .
`` As of today , U.S. authorities have not found not even one dollar of El Chapo 's assets , '' Mexican Attorney General Raul Cervantes said in an interview with top local broadcaster Televisa .
Mexico has only found minor assets belonging to Guzman , Cervantes said .
`` His money has n't been found because he did n't use the financial system , '' he added .
A federal indictment in the United States seeks the forfeiture of more than $ 14 billion of drug proceeds and illicit profits allegedly derived from the Sinaloa Cartel 's activities .
Guzman , who broke out twice from prison in Mexico , was recaptured for the last time in January 2016 . He was extradited to the United States to face charges there on Jan. 19 , the eve of Donald Trump 's inauguration as U.S. president .
In the same interview , Cervantes said that the relative upstart Jalisco New Generation Cartel is now Mexico 's largest criminal organization , eclipsing the country 's more familiar criminal syndicates like Sinaloa or the Zetas .
On Tuesday , Mexican security forces arrested Damaso Lopez , who the United States once described as Guzman 's `` right hand man '' but had been locked in a bloody struggle for control of the Sinaloa Cartel against the sons of El Chapo .
( Reporting by David Alire Garcia and Veronica Gomez ; Editing by Frank Jack Daniel , Bernard Orr )
Angelina Jolie celebrated the start of 2017 bundled up with her kids in snowy Colorado .
Jolie , 41 , and her six children — Maddox , 15 , Pax , 13 , Zahara , 11 , Shiloh , 10 , and twins Knox and Vivienne , 8 — have spent the last days of their holiday break hitting the slopes and touring the city in Crested Butte , Colorado .
They family has been seen walking around town and popping into local shops . On Friday , Jolie and Vivienne were spotted shopping at a toy store together .
Brad Pitt was not sighted on the trip with his estranged wife or kids .
The winter getaway comes as the former couple continues to hash out details of their ongoing custody battle over their six children .
On Dec. 21 , Pitt filed a memorandum to his request to have divorce documents pertaining to custody sealed on Dec. 21 , outlining specific reasons why that information should remain private .
In the documents obtained by PEOPLE , Pitt , 53 , slams Jolie for , he says , compromising their children 's privacy .
Jolie “ appears to be determined to ignore even agreed upon standards relating to the children 's best interest , ” state the documents .
A source close to the situation responding , contending the actress did agree to seal and “ the filing was nothing but a media ploy to hurt Angelina . ”
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump spoke with three more potential Supreme Court candidates on Tuesday as a key senator privately aired concerns about one of the contenders .
As Trump weighs his options , he has heard from Sen. Rand Paul , R-Ky. , who has expressed reservations about one top potential nominee , Brett Kavanaugh , according to a person familiar with the call but not authorized to publicly disclose details of it . The activity around Kavanaugh was an early glimpse of the frenzied jockeying around the short list of candidates in the run-up to Trump 's July 9 announcement .
With a narrow 51-49 GOP majority in the Senate , losing any Republican senator could begin to doom a nominee . Paul 's objections echo those made by outside conservative groups over Kavanaugh , who is seen as a top contender for the vacancy but who activists warn is too much of an establishment-aligned choice .
Trump has said he 'll choose his nominee from a list of 25 candidates vetted by conservative groups . Top contenders include federal appeals judges Kavanaugh , Raymond Kethledge , Amul Thapar and Amy Coney Barrett — all of whom spoke with Trump on Monday .
“ These are very talented people , brilliant people , ” Trump said Tuesday during an appearance in West Virginia . “ We 're going to give you a great one . ”
The White House says Trump has spoken to seven candidates . There were the four interviews Monday , as well as a conversation with Republican Sen. Mike Lee of Utah , who is not regarded as a top contender but who is being pushed by key conservatives .
Trump has also spoken with Thomas Hardiman , who has served with Trump 's sister on the 3rd U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia , according to a person familiar with the conversation who also was not authorized to publicly discuss it .
Another candidate considered a top contender is Joan Larsen , who serves on the federal appeals court in Cincinnati .
Trump 's choice to replace Kennedy — a swing vote on the nine-member court — has the potential to remake the court for a generation as part of precedent-shattering decisions on abortion , health care , gay marriage and other issues . Recognizing the stakes , many Democrats have lined up in opposition to any Trump pick , and Republicans lawmakers and activists are seeking to shape the president 's decision .
For his part , Trump has sought advice from White House counsel Don McGahn , outside advisers like Leonard Leo , on leave from the Federalist Society , and has been making calls to lawmakers , including Paul .
Paul has told colleagues that he may not vote for Kavanaugh if the judge is nominated , citing Kavanaugh 's role during the Bush administration on cases involving executive privilege and the disclosure of documents to Congress , said the person familiar with Paul 's conversations who spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity .
The senator has more than once threatened to withhold his vote on key Trump priorities citing ideological disagreements , most recently the nomination of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo . But Paul has repeatedly yielded to Trump 's personal lobbying to back his nominees and legislation , often citing unspecified concessions from the president .
Paul 's office did not respond to requests for comment .
His concerns mirror comments from some conservatives who view Kavanaugh as a more establishment-aligned pick on abortion and issues related to the Fourth Amendment right against unreasonable searches and seizures . Some also raised concern about his approach to the Affordable Care Act .
“ Trump 's list is full of great nominees , but Kavanaugh raises several concerns among libertarian and pro-life activists at a time when we need to be united , ” said Wesley Denton , communications director for the Conservative Partnership Institute , an organization that works closely with lawmakers on Capitol Hill .
The president also spoke by phone with Lee on Monday , as first reported by the Deseret News and later confirmed by the senator 's office , which characterized it as an interview . Asked about the call , White House spokesman Raj Shah said only , “ Yesterday , the President spoke on the phone with Sen. Mike Lee. ” Lee is the only lawmaker on Trump 's list of potential justices .
There have also been lobbying efforts around other candidates .
Some conservatives have pointed to Kethledge as a potential justice in the mold of Gorsuch ; both once served as law clerks to Kennedy . Kethledge , a Michigan Law graduate who has been a Michigan-based appellate court judge for the past decade , would add academic diversity to a court steeped in the Ivy League .
“ The court could use some perspectives that were forged in different kinds of regions of the country and different kinds of academic backgrounds , ” said former Michigan Sen. Spence Abraham , who hired Kethledge as a young staffer in the 1990s .
Since Trump said his short list includes at least two women , speculation has focused on Barrett , a former law clerk to Justice Antonin Scalia and a longtime Notre Dame Law School professor who serves on the 7th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals . Conservative groups rallied around Barrett after her confirmation hearing last year featured questioning from Democrats over how her Roman Catholic faith would affect her decisions .
Former House speaker and Trump ally Newt Gingrich tweeted Monday : “ Judge Amy Coney Barrett would make an outstanding Supreme Court Justice . Her clarity and intellectual strength in the Senate hearings for her current judgeship showed an intellect and a depth of thought that would be powerful on the Supreme Court . ”
But her short tenure on the bench may work against her . And Democrats claim that Barrett — like the other picks — would favor overturning Roe v. Wade , the 1973 case that affirmed a woman 's right to abortion , and would weaken President Barack Obama 's 2010 health care law .
Since the start of his 2016 campaign , Trump has embraced anti-abortion groups and vowed to appoint federal judges who will favor efforts to roll back abortion rights . But he told reporters Friday that he would not question potential high-court nominees about their views on abortion , saying it was “ inappropriate to discuss . ”
Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , has said she would oppose any nominee she believed would overturn Roe v. Wade , stressing she wants to back a judge who would show respect for settled law such as the Roe decision .
NANAIMO , B.C . — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau spoke over jeers at a town hall meeting in Nanaimo , B.C. , as he defended his government 's decision to support the expansion of the Trans Mountain pipeline through the province .
Trudeau says Canada has to protect the environment and encourage economic development at the same time , which has guided the federal government 's approach on Kinder Morgan 's project .
The meeting was often raucous as the prime minister faced a mix of cheers and boos on his arrival , and police physically removed a man who interrupted Trudeau at the start of the event .
Others also spoke over Trudeau when he tried to talk about the pipeline and he appealed for a chance to answer , at one point showing his frustration , exclaiming `` C'mon ! ''
An Oregon woman allegedly confessed to stabbing her 6-year-old son multiple times , telling police “ he deserved it , ” court document state .
The child suffered six stab wounds that were considered life-threatening , including possible ones to the lung and liver , according to a probable because affidavit obtained by The Oregonian .
The boy 's mother , Nemoria Villagomez , 34 , was arrested on Friday and charged with attempted aggravated murder , attempted murder , first- , second- and third-degree assault , the Newport Police Department says in a news release .
Police were called to Villagomez 's apartment complex at about 6 p.m. Friday after her son — who was covered in blood and had visible stab wounds — ran to a neighbor 's apartment and told her his mother had stabbed him , police allege .
The child told the neighbor his mother was trying to kill him , The Oregonian reports , citing the affidavit .
It is unclear why Villagomez allegedly stabbed the boy . During questioning , she allegedly admitted to “ cutting her son , ” saying that “ he deserved it , ” court records show , The Oregonian reports .
The boy was rushed to a local hospital before being flown to a hospital in Portland by Life Flight , the Associated Press reports .
Investigators have since learned the boy is in good condition and is expected to be released from the hospital soon , say police .
When officers went to Villagomez 's apartment , they found a large amount of blood in the living room , the release says .
Police found Villagomez lying on a bed with her 14-month-old son , and both were covered in blood , The Oregonian reports .
She had allegedly strangled the baby and given him methamphetamine , the affidavit says .
She has also been charged with strangulation , causing another person to ingest a controlled substance and first-degree criminal mistreatment , according to online jail records .
The baby is under the care of the state 's Department of Human Services after he was examined at the hospital and released .
Villagomez was arraigned in Lincoln County Circuit Court on Tuesday . She did not enter a plea .
She remains held at the Lincoln County Jail on a $ 1.1 million bond . She is scheduled to return to court on Tuesday .
Her attorney did not immediately return calls for comment .
Scroll for more content ...
A top Democratic congressman said Friday he is `` very concerned '' about the possibility that President Donald Trump will fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein in the wake of a controversial memo alleging FBI abuses of its surveillance authority .
`` I 'm very concerned about it , '' Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California , said Friday on CNN 's `` The Situation Room . '' `` There 's no telling what this President is capable of . ''
Schiff is the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , and his comments came hours after Trump approved the public release of a memo spearheaded by the committee 's chairman , Rep. Devin Nunes , R-California .
The Republican-crafted memo alleges the FBI abused its power during the 2016 election , and says Rosenstein approved at least one FISA application for former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page . Rosenstein currently oversees the special counsel investigation into possible Trump-Russia ties during the 2016 election . When asked if he was considering firing Rosenstein , Trump refused to say either way .
`` You figure that one out , '' Trump said Friday .
Schiff expressed concern over the possibility that Trump feels he 's unable to fire special counsel Robert Mueller , and instead would remove Rosenstein .
`` The reason it might be better to fire the boss is Rod Rosenstein sets the investigation , '' the California Democrat said . `` If he can find his own person , a yes man , and he can tell Bob Mueller , 'You ca n't look into money laundering , you ca n't look into this or that , ' that would be a serious way , a surreptitious way to limit this investigation . ''
Schiff added that if that were to occur , he would `` look at it as just as much of an obstruction of justice . ''
May 2 ForFarmers Nv :
* Reg-ForFarmers n.v. : ForFarmers initiates announced share buy-back programme of its own shares
* On 26 April 2017 , annual general meeting of shareholders authorised ForFarmers n.v. ( `` ForFarmers '' ) to initiate a programme to repurchase its own shares
* Will repurchase its own shares for a period of 18 months for ( a ) an amount between 40 million euros and 60 million euros ( $ 43.65 million and $ 65.48 million ) Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9163 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Yes America we have come a long way from our start . Last year we all have fallen victims to the biggest scam in America 's history . A person a Mister Donald Duck Trump has decieved us all.Some voted for him most did not yet he and the all wright movement ran the poles in the few states he needed to get an electoral victory . Now Donald is attempting to drag out beautiful country back hundereds of year . Back to a time when money and hatred controled by fear and violence to rob all the innocents from the youth and suppress the old with an evil plot to deprive the world of a country that was created from people from all around the world . These mix of people had a dream to form a country that was built by the people . For the people . And to serve the people . The weak the poor the needy . As by this novel method of governing would make a country where all religion all races and all colors can and could help each other so that ALL PEOPLE WOULD PROSPER .
Now we all are begining to see Trump has no plan to serve oir country He has no clue how to lead a country like America . He is stirring up the filthy underbelly of the haters and the same filth that miss lead Germany into almost complete destruction .
This sorry movement follows the ideals of a weakling broken insane person who the world knows by A. Hitler . A person born of a Jewish mother who took his hatred of not being breastfeed out on his mother 's race and on all the weaker countries around him .
We the people of the United States have grown a custom to trying to ignore our problems in the hope someone else will fix them
This week Donald Duck has shown who he is . Donald J Trump is not a true American his morale are os a skunk . WHO only way he leads is by bulling and by trying to demoralize anyone who denies following him to the destruction of our great land .
If Trump continues to be let free and run unchecked he will take our country into the worst economic times we have ever known . All to save himself from being detected for his own tax evasion and shady busnis deals as well his staff his family and himself from being uncovered how they worked with Russia to take from the American people outlr right to elect a leader we could folow and that would keep our rights and our lives progressing in the heritage of our for fathers and our own fathers .
God Bless our countery God Bless us all
Kourtney Kardashian ‘ s jet-setting romance with Younes Bendjima is far from a summer fling .
“ She is incredibly happy with Younes , ” a source tells PEOPLE . “ They are getting serious . Younes is very close to her kids and loves spending time with them . The kids really like him . ”
Kardashian , 39 , and Bendjima , 25 , have been vacationing in Italy for weeks , and her three children with ex Scott Disick — sons Mason , 8 , Reign , 3 , and daughter Penelope , 5 — joined the couple this week .
“ Kourtney is having the best time in Europe , ” the source adds .
Last week , photographers even captured the reality star and boxer/model sharing a passionate kiss after working out at their hotel in Portofino .
TheImageDirect
Kardashian , 39 , and Bendjima , 25 , who were first introduced during a trip to Paris in October 2016 , took their relationship public in Cannes last May . In the months since , they 've enjoyed several trips to luxe locations , from St. Tropez to Egypt , and their blossoming romance was documented on the most recent season of Keeping Up with the Kardashians .
In December , a source told PEOPLE things between Kardashian and Bendjima are “ definitely serious . ”
“ No one thought their relationship would last this long , but Kourtney is very happy , ” said the insider . “ Younes has met her kids . Kourtney 's family really likes him . He 's the opposite of Scott . He does n't party , is n't flashy and really treats Kourtney with a lot of respect . It 's obvious that he really cares about her . ”
April 10 Declout Ltd
* Refers to article published in Straits Times on 8 April 2017 titled `` Declout Aiming To Complete More Acquisitions By Year End ''
* Not commenced formal listing process nor has company engaged any professional parties to advise on potential spin-off of unit , Beaqon Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Palestinian official : 'Real estate men ' wo n't solve conflict
RAMALLAH , West Bank ( AP ) — A senior Palestinian official has lashed out at President Donald Trump , saying `` real estate men '' ca n't resolve the Middle East conflict .
Tuesday 's remarks by Saeb Erekat , a veteran peace negotiator , came as the White House is expected to unveil a long-awaited peace plan .
Erekat says the White House `` should be run by great men , not real estate men , '' and that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict `` wo n't be solved by the tools of real estate men . ''
Erekat also said the Palestinian Authority will continue its payments to the families of jailed or slain Palestinian militants , after Israel passed a law this week withholding millions in taxes it collects for the Palestinians which are allocated for that purpose .
The Israeli move deepened a budget crunch for the Palestinians , already hit by U.S. aid cuts .
We hope you had a great Easter weekend with your family , friends , and loved ones…and no doubt it was a beautiful weekend to be outdoors weather and temperature-wise , despite the high pollen count ! It looks we could see some relief from the pollen in the form of rain as we get into this already 5th week of Spring 2017 .
As we start our workweek , we 'll see some scattered clouds giving way to some sunshine by mid-morning . Some of those clouds will return and we could see a few non-severe thunderstorms move through by midday and into the afternoon hours . Otherwise , look for variable clouds and a light wind from the south keeping us warm in the upper 70s near 80 . Some of those showers and storms we see today could linger through the afternoon and evening hours and maybe even into tomorrow morning .
Tuesday looks cloudy with more scattered showers and storms , especially in the afternoon and evening . We 'll see highs in the mid to upper 70s .
Wednesday quietens down a bit with only a few pop-up showers possible through the day with a high near 77 .
A few stray light showers are possible Thursday through Saturday , but nothing major as highs stay in the upper 70s and low 80s .
We 'll see another chance for a line of showers and storms as another front moves through our area on Sunday afternoon . Stay with MarionCountyMessenger.com for your latest news , weather , and information anytime 24/7 on Facebook , Twitter , and here on the web .
Related
Comments on Facebook
comments
[ India ] , July 4 ( ANI ) : The counseling for admission in Uttar Pradesh 's Lucknow University was closed on Wednesday until further orders after over a dozen of faculty members were attacked by unknown miscreants inside the campus premises .
The protesters apparently were Samajwadi Party workers demanding various changes in the admission procedure .
Dean Student Welfare and Proctor were among the faculty members , who got injured during the attack .
`` All the students who are protesting do not belong to our university . Also , none of our students had anything to do with what happened today . This has been happening for the past three days . It has happened because of the carelessness of the district administration , '' said Surendra Pratap Singh , Vice Chancellor , Lucknow University .
Following the incident , police arrested few of the protestors . The university has been closed for now until actions are taken against those , who attacked the faculty members , VC said . ( ANI )
0 Subway employees accused of racism after calling police on black family
COWETA COUNTY , Ga. - A family of seven , on their way back from vacation , told WSB-TV they stopped at a Georgia Subway restaurant on Monday to eat dinner when things took an unexpected turn .
The members of the Dobson family said an employee called police on them , and they think it 's a case of racism .
WSB-TV obtained the 911 call in which the employee at the Coweta County restaurant accused the family of going back and forth to the bathroom and possibly putting soda in water cups .
The Dobsons said they did nothing wrong , and they want to know what triggered the call .
The family was returning from their grandmother 's birthday party in South Georgia over the weekend .
On their drive home to North Carolina , Felicia and Othniel Dobson stopped for dinner at a Subway on Newnan Crossing Boulevard with their children – ages 8 , 12 , 13 and 19 – and the children 's aunt .
“ I have a 24-year-old sister who 's a recent graduate of North Carolina A & T ( State University ) . My daughter 's 19 . She 's entering sophomore year at Wake Forest University , ” Felicia Dobson said .
The family was at the restaurant for about an hour when a Subway employee made an urgent 911 call .
`` I need somebody to come through here please , ASAP . Now , '' the employee said . `` There 's about eight people in a van , and they 've been in the store for about an hour . They keep going back and forth to the bathrooms by my back door . ''
A Newnan police officer showed up . The Dobsons said the officer apologized and told them the employee had said she was suspicious of the family and that she has been robbed before and thought they would rob her .
> > Read more trending news
`` I do n't think she ever felt threatened , '' Dobson said . `` We ca n't change our skin color . I have great kids . I have a great family . ''
Subway franchisee Rosh Patel sent WSB-TV the following statement :
`` I take this very seriously , and I am fully investigating . I have also used this opportunity to reiterate to my staff the importance of making everyone feel welcome . ''
Felicia Dobson said the owner called her Tuesday evening and apologized . She said she was told the employee is on administrative leave .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
A boys basketball team has been kicked out of a Cincinnati-area recreational hoops league for wearing uniforms bearing a sexually suggestive team name on the front and racially objectionable names on the back .
Four weeks into the Cincinnati Premier Youth Basketball League 's season , parents of players on a team from West Clermont , Ohio , saw that the team from Kings Mills , Ohio , against whom their children were playing had jerseys with the offending team name and offensive phrases on the backs of the high-school-aged boys ' jerseys .
Tony Rue , a parent of a West Clermont player , highlighted the eyebrow-raising jerseys in a lengthy Facebook post asking how such attire , and such a team name , was deemed appropriate for a league that hosts players from grades two through 12 .
“ By no means are we perfect parents or assume our teenage boys are innocent and do n't speak of things like this , but I could never imagine allowing my teenage son to represent his school and league in this manner , let alone representing our family with such filth , ” Rue wrote . “ There is enough hate , bullying , and aggressive behavior in the world that these kids , parents , and schools should n't have to deal with bigotry and lewd innuendos on jerseys and in team names in a school district represented recreational basketball league . This is n't a typo , this is n't a mistake , these are ideas that were thought of , discussed , agreed upon by adults and kids alike , printed on uniforms , social media accounts registered and manned and no one thought this was a bad idea or inappropriate ? ”
“ It was so blatant that it had to be fake , ” Rue later told Chris Mayhew of the Cincinnati Enquirer . “ Sadly it was n't . ”
So Rue raised a flag with a rep for the youth league , wondering how this team was being allowed to play with stuff like this written on its uniforms .
“ I think he called people above him , and about midway through the second quarter , he came and got the refs ' attention and told him the game was over , ” Rue told Karin Johnson of Cincinnati NBC affiliate WLWT-TV . “ It was called . We were n't going to be a part of it . ”
And now , the team wo n't be , either .
“ CPYBL was developed to provide the best possible basketball experience for the youth of our communities and their families and has always been committed to bringing a positive experience to all of our members , ” wrote Cincinnati Premier Youth Basketball League spokesman Ben Goodyear in a statement to the Enquirer . “ Based on the information that we received , the actions and conduct of the team in question did not comply with our stated mission and expected standards and that team has , therefore , been dismissed from our league . ”
They 've also been “ restricted from any further use of district facilities , ” according to a spokesperson for the Kings Local School District , who emphasized that this team of students and the league in which they were playing is n't affiliated with the district itself .
“ Kings Local Schools strongly condemns any type of hateful and racist commentary , ” wrote spokesperson Dawn Gould . “ This behavior is in no way welcome or tolerated in our schools and community . ”
The team 's coach , Walt Gill , apologized “ to anyone that was offended by the jerseys ” in a statement to WLWT . He noted that the team “ offered to cover them up or change , ” but that the league still chose to eject the team , “ and we have accepted that decision . ”
The incident has drawn the attention of the Cincinnati chapter of the NAACP , which wants to have a chat with the people in charge of the rec league .
“ This is a teachable moment for [ the teen players ] to understand how these words are hurtful , ” Cincinnati NAACP first vice president Joe Mallory told Cincinnati Fox affiliate WXIX-TV . “ They 're inflammatory , and they 're divisive to the entire community . [ … ] It 's everybody 's problem . It 's everybody 's business that when these things happen we all stand up and speak out on it . ”
http : //www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/02/web1_basketball4-copy.jpg
Dan Devine Yahoo Sports Jan 9 , 2018 , 1:55 PM
Dan Devine is a writer and editor for Yahoo Sports . Have a tip ? Email him at devine @ oath.com or follow him on Twitter ! https : //sports.yahoo.com/ohio-youth-team-kicked-rec-league-offensive-jerseys-185930020.html
Dan Devine is a writer and editor for Yahoo Sports . Have a tip ? Email him at devine @ oath.com or follow him on Twitter !
https : //sports.yahoo.com/ohio-youth-team-kicked-rec-league-offensive-jerseys-185930020.html
State lawmakers are making a new attempt to provide taxpayer-provided dollars to all of the 1.1 million students in Arizona schools to help their parents pay to instead send them to private and parochial schools .
The proposal by Sen. Debbie Lesko , R-Peoria , would dramatically expand what has been a small program now reserved for students with special needs and those in failing schools . Instead , it would create what amounts to a universal “ voucher ” of state funds that could be used to pay tuition and fees at other schools .
Sydney Hay , lobbyist for the American Federation for Children , which pushes such programs nationwide , said it 's not really a voucher as parents are free to instead use the dollars to purchase services for their children , including specific classes and tutors . But these essentially have to be parents who home-school their youngsters , as the funding is not available to anyone who attends a traditional public or charter school .
And the system is set up so that if parents have state money left over they can bank that , even setting it aside for a child 's college education .
Lesko said this would not lead to a mass exodus of children from public schools . She pointed out existing law caps these vouchers at 0.5 percent of all students , a figure that comes out to about 5,500 youngsters .
But that cap self-destructs in 2020 — about the same time as Lesko 's four-year phase-in of vouchers for all takes effect . And Lesko was noncommittal about supporting a new cap at that time .
Her legislation is the latest effort to expand what started out as a small program in 2011 to help parents of children with disabilities . It provides the equivalent of 90 percent of what would be state aid to send a similar child to a public school .
The Department of Education puts the average at $ 13,145 . That , however , includes a broad range from those in the $ 3,000 range for basic students to $ 30,000 for those with special needs .
Since that time , lawmakers have extended the program to any child in a public school rated “ D ” or “ F ” by the state Board of Education .
A similar measure faltered last year amid some bipartisan opposition .
But one factor is that Gov . Doug Ducey was pushing voters to approve Proposition 123 to use money from a special school trust account to settle a lawsuit over inadequate funding for public schools . And the governor made it clear he did not want any bill to reach his desk that would appear to take the focus away from adequate funding for public schools .
This year , however , could be different .
Ducey has pronounced himself a strong supporter of “ school choice. ” In fact , the governor is scheduled to appear Thursday at a “ School Choice Week ” celebration at the Capitol .
Lesko has also added a sweetener of sorts to this year 's version : Schools will be required to test students who are attending with vouchers and report the results to the parents . But Lesko said she does not believe it is necessary for private and parochial schools to report the test results to the public even though the taxpayers are the ones funding the education .
Chris Kotterman , lobbyist for the Arizona School Boards Association , said none of that makes the idea any more acceptable .
“ The private schools are a parent 's choice and they 're a legitimate choice , ” he said .
“ But the state has an obligation to fully and adequately fund its primary mission which is the free public schooling of all the students , ” Kotterman said . “ And we 're not doing that right now , ” he said , with teachers “ leaving in droves ” and buildings and buses in disrepair .
What all that means , Kotterman said , is the state should not be diverting dollars away from public schools .
Lesko said that 's not the case with those vouchers equal to 90 percent of state aid . She pegged the average voucher at $ 5,200 for students without special needs .
Using that figure , Lesko said that 's still cheaper than the more than $ 9,529 it costs to educate the average public school student .
But Kotterman said that figure is misleading because it also includes local and federal funds as well as bonds and overrides .
More to the point , he said all schools depend to some degree or another on locally raised revenues . And that means many schools get less than that full state aid formula .
Put in its most extreme example , he said , the state provides no student aid for Cave Creek schools since that district raises more than enough from local revenues . But if a student moves from a Cave Creek school to a private or parochial school , the state is now on the hook for voucher money it never was obligated to pay before in state aid .
There is the parallel question of whether there is any long-term saving to the state .
Lesko said her legislation qualifies only those who are “ switchers , ” meaning they came from a public school . But she acknowledged that can allow a family who already intended to send a child to a private school can qualify for a voucher simply by sending the child to a public school kindergarten for one year .
The bottom line , said Lesko , is choice .
“ This is another option for students and parents , ” she said . And Lesko said this is an increasing national trend , noting the nomination by President Trump of Betsy DeVos , a long-time proponent of vouchers .
A woman stands in front of the logo of Snap Inc. on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) while waiting for Snap Inc. to post their IPO , in New York City , NY , U.S. March 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Snap Inc said on Friday its Snapchat messaging app would add an option for users to search through photos and videos that users have posted to the public .
The move comes just days after larger rival Facebook Inc stepped up efforts to encourage users to take more photos and edit them with digital stickers that show the influence of Snapchat .
Snapchat will enable users to search for photos and videos known as `` Snaps '' posted to the `` Our Story '' option on the app , by creating new `` Stories '' using machine learning technology , the company said in a blog post . ( bit.ly/2oiuqBC )
The `` Our Story '' option is derived from Snap 's widely-copied `` Stories '' feature that is a slideshow of user content that disappears after 24 hours .
`` Our Story '' allows users to post their Snaps as part of a larger public collection , which users will be able to search through with the latest update .
For instance , users can use the search feature to find `` Snaps '' related to events such as local basketball games and topics such as puppies .
The search feature , which will be rolled out in some cities starting Friday , is an addition to curated `` Stories '' , where public `` Snaps '' about major events like Wimbledon or the Coachella music festival already appear .
Snapchat popularized the sharing of digitally decorated photographs on social media , especially among teenagers , but faces intense competition from larger Facebook and Facebook-owned Instagram .
Users will now be able to search for over one million `` Stories '' on Snapchat , Snap said , making the app more accessible .
Snap 's shares were up 1.5 percent in afternoon trading , while Facebook 's stock was down marginally .
( Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar )
MISRATA , Libya Libyan authorities released on Wednesday 28 Eritreans and seven Nigerians who were captured and enslaved by Islamic State in Sirte and had been held in detention since the jihadist group lost the city in December .
The group , all but two of whom are women and children , escaped from Sirte , a former Islamic State stronghold in central Libya , while forces from the nearby city of Misrata battled to oust the militants late last year .
Some of the women were on their way to Europe when Islamic State fighters kidnapped and held them as sex slaves .
After they escaped from Sirte , they were investigated for possible ties to the group and held for several months in a Misrata prison .
Reuters has documented how Islamic State used enslaved refugee women to reward its fighters in Libya . In stories published last year , the women recounted how the group forced them to convert to Islam and sold them as sex slaves .
In November , a Reuters reporter visited some of the captives at a military post in Misrata . Their new captors , the women said then , starved and humiliated them . At least one woman , a 16-year-old , was pregnant and in need of urgent care .
The Libyan attorney-general 's office announced that it had cleared the women of any wrongdoing in mid-February , but their release was delayed for several more weeks , with no explanation .
On Wednesday , they were received by staff from the U.N. refugee agency ( UNHCR ) and the Libyan Red Crescent , before being taken to a shelter for medical checks .
`` I 'm very happy , I ca n't describe how I feel , but I am very happy , I can start a new life and see my family again , '' one 14-year-old Eritrean girl told Reuters before leaving the prison with the rest of the group on a Red Crescent bus .
A UNHCR official said the entire group had scabies , but otherwise appeared to be in reasonable physical condition .
The agency expects to resettle the Eritreans as refugees .
`` We will send them to a safe house where they can be treated if they need medical treatment , and receive assistance from us , and be protected , '' said Samer Haddadin , head of the UNHCR 's Libya mission .
`` At the same time we will be processing them for refugee status determination ... and we are doing this to make sure we can find a resettlement country for those who meet the resettlement criteria . ''
The Nigerians , five women and two children , will be able to apply for asylum or be offered repatriation .
Dozens of women and children who escaped from Sirte or were picked up there by Libyan forces are still being held in Misrata . They include Libyans , Tunisians , and nationals from several sub-Saharan African countries . A group of Filipino nurses were freed in February .
Islamic State took control of Sirte in early 2015 , turning the coastal city into its most important base outside Syria and Iraq and stationing hundreds of foreign fighters there . It took Misrata-led forces almost seven months to recapture the city .
( Reporting by Ayman al-Sahli in Misrata and Aidan Lewis in Tunis ; Writing by Aidan Lewis ; Editing by Louise Ireland )
UPDATE 1-Britain 's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON , June 15 Europe 's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights .
FRANKFURT The European Central Bank 's chief economist upheld the bank 's stated policy plan on Thursday , effectively pushing back market speculation that the ECB might consider raising interest rates before ending its bond purchases .
`` This forward guidance implies a sequencing between the interest rate policy and the quantitative policy that can most efficiently internalise and exploit the intimate complementarities between these two key components of our current stance , '' Peter Praet told an audience in Frankfurt .
( Reporting By Francesco Canepa , editing by Larry King )
The events leading to Michael Flynn 's resignation as national security adviser accelerated this week , with constant new updates about what he said , to whom and when . But the path to that step has been unfolding since at least last summer . Here 's a timeline of key events that eventually led to the resignation of a top presidential adviser , less than one month into the Trump administration .
June through November , 2016
Early in the summer , the Washington Post reports that hackers in the Russian government have breached the Democratic National Committee . Sources from the DNC and security experts tell the Post that the hackers had access to opposition research on Trump , as well as internal emails and chats .
In late July , WikiLeaks posts a searchable database of more than 19,000 emails stolen from the DNC computer servers . Compromising information in the emails leads to the resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz as DNC Chair .
Donald Trump , meanwhile , eggs the Russians on .
`` Russia , if you 're listening , I hope you 're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing , '' he says .
Trump repeatedly downplays the hacks in the coming months , saying in a debate that China or `` somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds '' could have been behind the breaches . Days after the U.S. intelligence community says it 's `` confident that the Russian Government directed the recent compromises of emails , '' Trump dismisses concerns about the breach .
`` You ever notice anything that goes wrong , they blame Russia ? 'Russia did it . ' They have no idea , '' he says in a speech .
Nov. 8 , 2016
Donald Trump wins the presidential election .
Nov. 18 , 2016
President-elect Trump announces that Flynn will be his national security adviser . Flynn , it is later reported , had been in contact with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak before the election .
Dec. 9 , 2016
Then-President Obama orders a `` full review '' of digital attacks aimed at influencing U.S. elections , going back to 2008 .
The Washington Post reports that the CIA has determined that the Russian government was seeking to help Trump win the election .
The Trump transition office issues a statement :
`` These are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction , '' the statement says . `` The election ended a long time ago in one of the biggest Electoral College victories in history . [ Note : This is incorrect . ] It 's now time to move on and 'Make America Great Again . ' ``
Dec. 12 , 2016
Trump tweets : `` Unless you catch 'hackers ' in the act , it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking . Why was n't this brought up before election ? ''
Dec. 15 , 2016
Trump tweets , `` If Russia , or some other entity , was hacking , why did the White House wait so long to act ? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost ? ''
Secretary of State John Kerry says on CNN that President Obama did issue a warning about Russian hacking , but he also `` had to be obviously sensitive to not being viewed as interfering on behalf of a candidate or against a candidate or in a way that promoted unrealistic assessments about what was happening . ''
President Obama tells NPR 's Steve Inskeep that the U.S. will strike back against Russia , one way or another , in response to that country 's attempts to influence the U.S. election .
`` I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections , that we need to take action , '' he says . `` And we will — at a time and place of our own choosing . Some of it may be explicit and publicized ; some of it may not be . ''
He added , `` But Mr. Putin is well aware of my feelings about this , because I spoke to him directly about it . ''
Dec. 25 , 2016
Flynn and Kislyak exchange text messages wishing each other happy holidays ( per remarks later made by Sean Spicer , on Jan. 13 , 2017 ) .
Dec. 29 , 2016
Obama ejects 35 Russian diplomats from the United States and introduces new sanctions against Russia 's Federal Security Service , the FSB ; the country 's main foreign intelligence agency , known as the GRU ; along with four GRU officers and three companies that did business with GRU .
In addition , the Obama administration announces it will be closing down two compounds in the U.S. it says were `` used by Russian personnel for intelligence-related purposes . ''
Dec. 29 is also when the conversations between Flynn and Ambassador Kislyak regarding sanctions took place ( this story would break on Jan. 12 , 2017 ) . According to a Washington Post story from Feb. 9 , two officials `` said that Flynn urged Russia not to overreact to the penalties being imposed by President Barack Obama , making clear that the two sides would be in position to review the matter after Trump was sworn in as president . ''
Jan. 6 , 2017
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence releases a declassified report finding that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election , and that a major part of that was the hacking of emails at the Democratic National Committee .
`` Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help President-elect Trump 's election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting her unfavorably to him , '' the report says . The authors added that `` Russia 's goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process . ''
Trump meets with intelligence officials for a briefing on the report 's contents . Afterward , he releases a statement lumping Russia in with China and `` other countries '' and insisting that the hacking had `` absolutely no effect '' on the election 's outcome :
`` While Russia , China , other countries , outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through the cyber infrastructure of our governmental institutions , businesses and organizations including the Democrat National Committee , there was absolutely no effect on the outcome of the election including the fact that there was no tampering whatsoever with voting machines . ''
However , as then-Intelligence Director James Clapper had told John McCain just one day earlier , it 's impossible to know the impact : `` Certainly the intelligence community ca n't gauge the impact that it had on choices that the electorate made . There is no way for us to gauge that . ''
Jan. 10 , 2017
Then-Attorney General nominee ( and Alabama Sen. ) Jeff Sessions says in his confirmation hearing that he `` has no reason to doubt '' the report 's conclusions tying Putin to the DNC hack .
Jan. 11 , 2017
In his confirmation hearing , then-Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson acknowledges that he thinks it 's `` a fair assumption '' that Putin had knowledge of the plot to influence the U.S. election . He also adds that the intelligence report on Russian hacking `` clearly is troubling . ''
Jan. 12 , 2017
The Washington Post 's David Ignatius reports that `` a senior U.S. government official , Flynn phoned Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak several times on Dec. 29 , '' the same day that the Obama administration announced the new sanctions and removal of Russian diplomats .
Jan. 13 , 2017
White House press secretary Sean Spicer says that a conversation took place between Flynn and Kislyak , but that the conversation was on Dec. 28 , and that it was n't about sanctions .
He said that Kislyak texted Flynn on the 28th , asking if he could give Flynn a call . Kislyak then called that day , and according to Spicer , `` the call centered around the logistics of setting up a call with the president of Russia and the president-elect after he was sworn in , and they exchanged logistical information on how to initiate and schedule that call . That was it , plain and simple . ''
This later proved to be untrue .
Jan. 15 , 2017
Officials from the Justice Department and intelligence agencies discuss `` whether the incoming Trump White House should be notified about the contents of the Flynn-Kislyak communications , '' as the Washington Post has reported .
Later that day , on CBS 's Face the Nation , Vice President Pence says the conversations between Flynn and Kislyak had nothing to do with sanctions .
`` What I can confirm , having spoken to him about it , is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions , '' Pence said .
Upon further questioning from Dickerson , Pence added , `` I do n't believe there were more conversations , '' as well as , `` I can confirm those elements were not a part of that discussion . ''
After the Pence interview , the Post reports , the Justice and intelligence officials thought the issue was `` more urgent ... because U.S. intelligence agencies had reason to believe that Russia was aware that Flynn and Kislyak had discussed sanctions in their December call , contrary to public statements . ''
Jan. 19 , 2017
According to the Washington Post , Acting Attorney General Sally Yates , DNI James Clapper , and CIA Director John Brennan discuss whom in the administration should be briefed on the Flynn-Kislyak communications .
Jan. 26 , 2017
The Justice Department notifies the White House counsel of discrepancies between what Flynn and Pence had claimed about the phone call between Flynn and Kislyak , as Spicer reported at a Feb. 14 White House press briefing .
Feb. 8 , 2017
In an interview , Flynn twice denies having discussed sanctions with Kislyak , according to the Washington Post .
Feb. 9 , 2017
A Flynn spokesman says that the retired lieutenant general `` indicated that while he had no recollection of discussing sanctions , he could n't be certain that the topic never came up , '' according to the Post .
Feb. 13 , 2017
Kellyanne Conway tells MSNBC that Flynn `` does enjoy the full confidence of the president . ''
Later in the day , press secretary Sean Spicer says that Trump is `` evaluating the situation '' regarding Flynn .
That night , Michael Flynn resigns as national security adviser . In a statement , he admits accidental wrongdoing :
`` Unfortunately , because of the fast pace of events , I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador . I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President , and they have accepted my apology . ''
The White House announces that retired Lt. General Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr. will be acting national security adviser .
Feb. 14 , 2017
Two Trump transition officials confirm to NPR that Flynn did talk to Kislyak on Dec. 29 .
Sean Spicer says that 17 days prior , White House Counsel Donald McGahn had told the president that Flynn had been wrong when he told Pence he had n't discussed sanctions with Kislyak , as reported by the New York Times .
At a press briefing , Spicer says of the resignation , `` We got to a point not based on a legal issue , but based on a trust issue , '' adding that Trump was `` concerned that Gen. Flynn had misled the vice president and others . ''
Politico reports that there 's still more to come on the Flynn story , according to the ranking member of the House Intelligence committee :
`` Rep. Adam Schiff ( D-Calif. ) told House Democrats Tuesday that the recent revelations about former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn 's conversations with the Russians are only the beginning , and more information will surface in the coming days , according to multiple sources in a closed party meeting . ''
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell indicates that the Senate Intelligence Committee will investigate Flynn 's contacts with Russian officials , and Sen. Roy Blunt , R-Mo. , a member of the intelligence committee says Flynn should meet with the committee `` very soon . ''
With reporting from Barbara Van Woerkom .
Formula One - F1 - Chinese Grand Prix - Shanghai , China - 08/04/17 - Sauber driver Marcus Ericsson of Sweden drives during the qualifying session at the Shanghai International Circuit . REUTERS/Aly Song
SOCHI , Russia Honda will supply the Swiss-based Sauber Formula One team with engines from 2018 as well as McLaren in a move that the Japanese manufacturer hopes will help speed up the development of its troubled power unit .
The deal was announced by both sides on Sunday at the Russian Grand Prix . No details about the cost or duration were given , although it is likely to be until 2020 at least .
Honda currently has an exclusive agreement with former world champions McLaren but that relationship , which started in 2015 , has been strained due to a lack of engine performance and reliability .
Sauber , a long-standing mid-table team who are languishing near the back of the field after fighting back from a period of financial difficulties , are using last season 's Ferrari engines at present .
Neither they , nor McLaren , have scored a point so far in three races this year .
`` In addition to the partnership with McLaren which began in 2015 , Honda will begin supplying power units to Sauber as a customer team starting from next year , '' said Katsuhide Moriyama , Honda 's head of brand and communication operations .
`` This will be a new challenge in Honda 's F1 activities , '' added the executive in a statement .
`` In order to leverage the benefits of supplying to two teams to the maximum extent , we will strengthen the systems and capabilities of both of our two development operations , namely HRD Sakura and the operation in Milton Keynes . ''
Under Formula One rules designed to ensure no team is left without an engine supply , manufacturers are obliged to supply a team if they have spare capacity and are asked to .
Champions Mercedes currently supply three of the 10 teams , as do Renault and Ferrari , while Honda have only one partner .
The Japanese manufacturer is still hoping to make big strides in the latter part of the season , with Mercedes and Ferrari enjoying a big power advantage over the others .
Sauber principal Monisha Kaltenborn said the deal was part of the team 's realignment and recovery as it celebrates its 25th anniversary in Formula One .
`` We have set another milestone with this new engine era , which we await with huge excitement and of course we are looking for new opportunities , '' she said in a statement .
`` We very much look forward to our partnership with Honda , which sets the course for a successful future -- from a strategic as well as from a technological perspective . ''
( Reporting by Alan Baldwin , editing by Amlan Chakraborty )
Christy Clark and her son , Hamish , address the media during a press conference on her decision to leave public life . ( Katya Slepian/Black Press )
Former premier Christy Clark has landed a job at a law firm as she officially moves on from political life .
Clark , who lost her post last July when the NDP-Green coalition was allowed to form government , had retired as leader of the BC Liberals in August .
The province 's longest serving female premier has taken a step back from public life for the past year , surfacing Wednesday with an announcement that she was joining Bennett Jones .
VIDEO : “ I am done with public life , ” says Christy Clark
Clark has joined the firm 's Vancouver office as a senior advisor on their governmental affairs and public policy team .
“ Christy 's leadership as Premier took British Columbia to new economic heights , ” said firm CEO Hugh MacKinnon . “ Her vision on driving growth through trade is one that our clients share . ”
@ katslepian
katya.slepian @ bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
LONDON , March 31 Money market expectations for an interest rate rise at the European Central Bank 's December meeting fell further on Friday following softer-than-expected inflation numbers .
Forward Eonia bank-to-bank rates dated for the ECB meeting on December 14 stood at around minus 0.3202 percent , about 3.5 basis points above the Eonia spot rate of minus 0.3570 percent .
This gap suggests markets are pricing in roughly a 35 percent chance of a rate hike by year-end . That is down from around 50 percent on Thursday and 70 percent earlier this week .
Forward Eonia rates no longer fully price in a rate rise by March next year , with the chances of a move then seen at around 60 percent . ( Reporting by Dhara Ranasinghe ; Editing by John Geddie )
Want to join us for this show ? It 's absolutely free ! CLICK HERE to enter to win tickets .
MEANT TO BE PLAYED UNDER A DESK A Whirlwind Tour Of Classic Games Like 'Doom ' And 'Tetris ' On A Graphing Calculator
Okay , `` Doom '' is a little bit of a stretch for the humble TI-83 , but we 'd play that version of `` Super Mario Bros. '' all through math class .
Taraji P. Henson 's dog of 16 years has died .
The 47-year-old actress has been left heartbroken after her beloved pet pooch Uncle Willie - who is believed to be a Yorkshire Terrier and Maltese cross breed - sadly lost his life on Thursday ( 05.10.17 ) following a long , happy and healthy life for her .
Taking to her Instagram account , the 'Empire ' star uploaded a photograph of her furry friend alongside the caption : `` Although I understand NOTHING lasts forever the pain is still very real . # RipUncleWillie He made it 16 long years . He truly was # BenjaminButton I will miss you soooooooooo much ! ! ! ( sic ) . ''
The brunette beauty then shared a series of collages - featuring her and her canine having a cuddle - made by her fans and thanked them for their sweet messages .
The 'No Good Deed ' star then dug through her archive to find a picture of her and Uncle Willie posing in an anti-animal abuse campaign for the animal rights organisation PETA ( People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ) back in 2013 .
Speaking at the time , she said : `` Dogs , to me , are like children . They are the closest thing to God . They are so pure in their love , and all they do is aim to please . ''
This is n't the first time Taraji has shown just how much she loves animals either , as she previously stripped completely named for an anti-fur advert for the organisation .
She said of her campaign : `` We 're not just even talking about a full-length fur coat .
`` I 'm talking about just , like , fur on your gloves or on your jacket or -- what goes into making that little piece of fur ripped my heart out . ''
Meanwhile , it 's not known whether Taraji will get another dog to replace Uncle Willie .
[ India ] , December 12 ( ANI ) : Three individuals were arrested from Srinagar 's Ashai-bagh area with over Rs 13 lakhs of demonitised currency , sources said on Tuesday .
During a surprise checking at Ashai-bagh on Monday night , police apprehended Bashir Ahmad Khan , Showket Ahmad Bhat and Bashir Ahmad Bhat , residents of Batmaloo , Pampore and Panthachowk respectively .
They seized demonitised currency of Rs 13,63,500 from their possesion .
The cognizance was taken under the Specified banknotes ( Cessation of Liabilities ) Act , 2017 .
The accused will be presented before the competent court today for judicial determination . Further investigation is on . ( ANI )
Kacey Musgraves and Ruston Kelly are taking Valentine 's Day to a whole new level — with matching outfits !
The couple celebrated the holiday in style , sporting matching green gingham outfits tagged at the fall 's annual State Fair of Texas .
“ Every day is Valentine 's Day with you , @ rustonkelly , ” Musgraves , 28 , wrote alongside an Instagram photo of herself and Kelly sharing a kiss . “ I ca n't believe I get to marry my best friend ! Your love can get me through anything . ”
During the romantic day out , Musgraves sported a dress with ruffled shoulders while Kelly wore a matching shirt with blue jeans and a cowboy hat .
Every day is Valentine 's Day with you , @ rustonkelly . I ca n't believe I get to marry my best friend ! ❤️Your love can get me through anything . A post shared by KACEY MUSGRAVES ( @ spaceykacey ) on Feb 14 , 2017 at 8:40am PST
Kelly gushed about his bride-to-be in a Instagram post of his own , uploading a photo of him and Musgraves kissing .
“ Valentine 's Day sucks unless you have the right one . Aside from the chocolate and roses and other saccharine elements of this holiday , it 's really just a day to reflect gratitude for the great love in your life , ” Kelly wrote. ” And to remind the person you wake up to every morning they are always extraordinary . I for sure am thankful for all the love you put in our life together . ”
`` Now I remember what I feel like to fly .. you give me butterflies . '' A post shared by KACEY MUSGRAVES ( @ spaceykacey ) on Feb 14 , 2017 at 8:47am PST
He added : “ You are my total babe , confidant , supporter , and best friend . Oh yes , and future wife . ”
Musgraves and Kelly became engaged on Dec. 24 , and made the announcement on their respective Instagram accounts .
Cassadee Pope Gushes On Her Surprise Engagement – And Her Ring – On Grammys Red Carpet !
“ I did n't say yes … I said HELL YESSSS ! ! Last night the best man I 've ever met got down on one knee in my little pink childhood home , ” Musgraves , 28 , wrote alongside an Instagram photo of her sparkling engagement ring in front of a Christmas tree . She also shared an ecstatic photo taken by friend and photographer Kelly Christine .
The two became linked in early 2016 and have kept their relationship relatively private . The Very Kacey Christmas singer previously dated musician Misa Arriaga .
VOL . 41 | NO . 15 | Friday , April 14 , 2017
Led by banks , stocks jump after strong report from China The Associated Press Print | Front Page | Email this story To :
From :
Message :
From ( email ) :
Message :
NEW YORK ( AP ) — U.S. stocks bounced back from recent losses Monday after the Chinese government said that country 's economy grew at a slightly faster pace in the first quarter . Banks jumped as interest rates recovered .
After losses in three of the last four weeks , stocks had their best day in more than a month . The largest gains went to industries that would benefit the most from faster global economic growth .
Among banks , the leaders included M & T Bank , which became the latest financial company to report strong first-quarter results . Technology companies were led by chipmaker Nvidia and Google parent company Alphabet , while online retail giant Amazon and streaming video company Netflix also made large gains .
`` It was good news to see a positive number coming out of the world 's second-largest economy , '' said Quincy Krosby , market strategist at Prudential Financial . `` It was the strongest GDP reading in six quarters , and much of it was based on their infrastructure spending and also the housing market . ''
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index climbed 20.06 points , or 0.9 percent , to 2,349.01 . The Dow Jones industrial average rose 183.67 points , or 0.9 percent , to 20,636.92 . The Nasdaq composite jumped 51.64 points , or 0.9 percent , to 5,856.79 . The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks soared 15.94 points , or 1.2 percent , to 1,361.18 .
China 's recovering economy grew another 6.9 percent in the first quarter . In 2016 it grew at its slowest pace in almost 30 years , and the government spent more money on construction of infrastructure such as roads and bridges in response . Relatively cheap credit also boosted property sales .
Medical device maker Alere surged after it accepted a modified buyout offer from Abbott Laboratories . Abbott agreed to buy Alere for $ 56 per share , or $ 5.8 billion , more than a year ago . But it filed a lawsuit to end the deal after Alere recalled a key product , delayed filing a financial statement , and faced a Justice Department investigation into its business outside the U.S .
Under the new agreement Abbott will pay $ 51 a share , or about $ 5.3 billion , and Alere climbed $ 6.74 , or 15.9 percent , to $ 49.05 . It had traded as low as $ 31.47 last July , as investors worried the deal would fall apart after news of the investigation broke . Abbott rose 64 cents , or 1.5 percent , to $ 43.31 .
Arconic jumped after the company said Chairman and CEO Klaus Kleinfeld agreed to step down after the board of directors discovered that he sent a letter to Arconic 's largest shareholder , activist investment firm Elliott Management , without telling the board . Arconic said that was `` poor judgment . '' It did n't say what Kleinfeld wrote in the letter .
Arconic makes aluminum , titanium and nickel parts for planes , cars and electronics . It was spun off from aluminum company Alcoa last year . Elliott has been pushing the company to replace Kleinfeld . The stock gained 79 cents , or 3.1 percent , to $ 26.69 .
Bond prices slipped . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.25 percent from 2.24 percent . Banks are the worst-performing part of the market recently thanks to sharp declines in bond yields and interest rates .
Wireless spectrum license company Straight Path Communications climbed after it said it might get a new buyout offer . A week ago it agreed to be bought by AT & T for about $ 1.25 billion . Straight Path said it was contacted by another company Thursday . Straight Path stock rose $ 19.86 , or 21.7 percent , to $ 111.56 . Investors are now valuing the company at $ 1.39 billion .
Eli Lilly and Incyte stumbled after the Food and Drug Administration refused to approve Olumiant , a pill for the immune disorder rheumatoid arthritis . The companies may have to run more studies of the drug , which could further delay its approval and force them to spend more .
Lilly has high hopes for Olumiant because it 's a pill while most other new rheumatoid arthritis drugs are injections . Lilly lost $ 3.50 , or 4.1 percent , to $ 82.38 and Incyte sank $ 14.77 , or 10.5 percent , to $ 126.07 .
Pretzel , nuts and salty snack maker Snyder's-Lance tumbled $ 6.16 , or 15.4 percent , to $ 33.76 after it gave a weak first-quarter forecast that included more spending on marketing and lower profit margins and then slashed its forecast for the year .
Netflix climbed 3 percent to $ 147.25 Monday , but slumped 1.5 percent in aftermarket trading as it did n't gain as many subscribers in the first quarter as investors hoped . Its profit guidance also fell short of analyst estimates .
Benchmark U.S. crude lost 53 cents , or 1 percent , to $ 52.65 a barrel in New York . Brent crude , used to price international oils , fell 53 cents to $ 55.36 per barrel in London . Energy companies lagged the rest of the market .
Wholesale gasoline slipped 2 cents to $ 1.72 a gallon . Heating oil fell 2 cents to $ 1.63 a gallon . Natural gas decreased 6 cents , or 2 percent , to $ 3.16 per 1,000 cubic feet .
Gold rose $ 3.40 to $ 1,291.90 an ounce . Silver remained at $ 18.51 an ounce . Copper picked up 3 cents to $ 2.60 a pound .
The dollar fell to 108.59 yen from 109.16 yen . The euro rose to $ 1.0642 from $ 1.0612 .
Markets in Hong Kong , France , Germany and Britain were all closed for the Easter holiday . In Japan the Nikkei 225 index gained 0.1 percent and South Korea 's Kospi added 0.5 percent .
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http : //twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http : //bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay
A US veteran who was injured while serving in Afghanistan has become the world 's first recipient of a total penis and scrotum transplant .
A team of of nine plastic surgeons and two urological surgeons performed the operation at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore , Maryland in March .
The 14-hour surgery transplanted the organs from a deceased donor .
They took the entire penis , scrotum ( without testicles ) and partial abdominal wall .
Image : Johns Hopkins Medicine
The recipient , who wants to remain anonymous , has recovered and is expected to be discharged from hospital shortly .
`` It 's a real mind-boggling injury to suffer ; it is not an easy one to accept , '' he says .
`` When I first woke up , I felt finally more normal ... [ with ] a level of confidence as well . Confidence ... like finally I 'm OK now . ''
WP Andrew Lee is professor and director of plastic and reconstructive surgery at Johns Hopkins University 's School of Medicine .
`` We are hopeful that this transplant will help restore near-normal urinary and sexual functions for this young man '' .
Exclusive : Icahn bet against biofuel credits , then advised Trump on their regulations
Billionaire investor Carl Icahn 's oil refining company , CVR Energy , made a massive bet in 2016 that prices for U.S. government biofuels credits would fall , just before Icahn started advising President Donald Trump on regulations driving that market . The size and specifics of the gamble – involving $ 186 million worth of biofuels credits the company said it needed at the end of 2016 to satisfy regulatory requirements – have not been previously reported by the media .
here
Something to read after being bumped from your flight
U.S. airlines are bumping passengers off flights at the lowest rate since 1995 , a Reuters analysis of federal data showed on Tuesday , even as United Continental Holdings kicked up a storm over the practice with its removal of a passenger earlier this week . Reuters ' David Shepardson and Grant Smith report .
here
A nose job and facial fat injections for Chinese online media stardom
Jing Qi , a part-time presenter on the live streaming platform Huajiao , underwent cosmetic surgery in March to improve her chances of becoming an internet celebrity . After the procedure , the 27-year-old said she felt `` even worse than dead . '' But the suffering was worth it . Jing is among tens of thousands hoping to find online stardom as an anchor on the live video streaming phenomenon sweeping China 's media . Reuters ' Shu Zhang and Matthew Miller report on the money and fame that 's at stake for the talent and the businesses that are building these services .
here
Puerto Rico looks increasingly set for bankruptcy
Bankruptcy for Puerto Rico is looking ever more likely as a May 1 deadline to restructure $ 70 billion in debt approaches . This should make anyone betting on returns from the island 's widely held U.S. municipal bonds sweat . A round of mediated talks is scheduled to begin on Thursday , but absent an agreement soon , a growing number of analysts say Puerto Rico will seek protection from creditors . Key to this situation are the negotiating tactics of Puerto Rico Gov . Ricardo Rossello and a federal oversight board , which have jarred investors who expected more creditor-friendly approaches from both . Reuters ' Nick Brown reports .
here
Reuters photo of the day
Morning shift
here
Fishermen anchor their boat at dawn off the coast of Koh Samui in Thailand . REUTERS/Toby Melville
April 10Yonyou Network Technology Co Ltd :
* Says it will boost capital of 10 million yuan to buy stake in a Beijing-based tech firm
* Its stake in target company will be raised to 21.0 percent from 5.2 percent
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/p7Cmcl
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
May 3 United Orthopedic Corp :
* Says it plans to issue the second tranche 3-yr unsecured convertible corporate bonds worth T $ 400 million , to repay loan and enrich working capital
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/WFXLVD
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
The release of House Republicans ' memo alleging FBI abuses of its surveillance authority has intensified an extraordinary feud between President Donald Trump and parts of his own government .
Scroll for more content ...
Trump -- who campaigned on a theme of `` law and order '' -- and members of his Republican Party , in power in Washington , are using the memo to sow distrust in America 's chief law enforcement agency and its investigation into Russia 's involvement in the 2016 presidential election .
Trump on Saturday falsely claimed that the memo `` totally vindicates '' him in special counsel Robert Mueller 's ongoing probe into whether his campaign colluded with Russia .
`` This is an American disgrace ! '' he tweeted .
House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes , the California Republican whose committee drafted the memo , promised Friday on Fox News that more memos critical of US government agencies are coming .
`` We are in the middle of what I call 'phase two ' of our investigation , which involves other departments , '' Nunes said . `` Specifically the State Department and some of the involvement they had in this . ''
Other leading figures , including Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain , an Arizona Republican , are issuing dire warnings of the potential damage that undermining US institutions could cause .
`` Our nation 's elected officials , including the President , must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows , '' McCain said in a statement . `` If we continue to undermine our own rule of law , we are doing Putin 's job for him . ''
Rep. Trey Gowdy , a retiring South Carolina Republican member of the intelligence panel , tweeted that he remains `` 100 percent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller . The contents of this memo do not - in any way - discredit his investigation . ''
Former FBI Director James Comey , who was fired by Trump , mocked the memo 's contents , tweeting : `` That 's it ? ''
`` Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee , destroyed trust with Intelligence Community , damaged relationship with FISA court , and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen . For what ? '' he wrote . `` DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs . ''
The three-and-a-half page memo faults the FBI for relying on a dossier on Trump and Russia -- the production of which was funded indirectly by Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee -- to obtain and renew a surveillance warrant to monitor former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page .
The memo argues that the application for that surveillance warrant was overly reliant on the dossier . But it undermines its own argument in its final paragraph : The memo notes that the application also included information regarding Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos , suggesting there was intelligence beyond the dossier in the Page application .
Democrats and the FBI have called the memo inaccurate and incomplete .
After the memo 's release , FBI Director Christopher Wray addressed employees in an internal video . He said he knows it 's a tough and unsettling time -- and the last few days have made it worse -- but that `` actions speak louder than words , '' sources who have viewed the video said .
`` Current public sentiment may see us in an unfavorable light , '' Wray said . `` But the work you do is important and I believe in our mission and support what we do everyday . ''
Beyond the memo 's contents , the bigger question is political : Will Trump take any direct action to attempt to end the Russia investigation as a result of the memo ?
On Twitter -- where the notion of a `` deep state '' beyond Trump 's control is popular among Trump 's supporters -- the President 's allies had promised shocking revelations that the FBI abused its powers , using the hashtag # ReleaseTheMemo , in the lead-up to its release .
Trump on Friday would n't say whether he plans to fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , the top Justice Department official overseeing the Russia investigation , or if he retained confidence in Rosenstein .
`` You figure that one out , '' he told reporters .
Democrats fear Trump will use the memo as a pretext to fire Rosenstein over his approval of an extended surveillance warrant for Page . Rosenstein oversees the Russia investigation .
`` The President has n't needed much by way of justification to go after people and I hope he wo n't use this as a mode of pretext , but you never know with Donald Trump , '' said Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House intelligence panel .
Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Friday -- before Trump 's comments -- said Rosenstein represents `` the kind of quality and leadership that we want in the department . ''
And a White House spokesman said Friday night that Rosenstein 's job is safe .
`` I 'm saying it on behalf of the White House , and that 's that no changes are going to be made at the Department of Justice , '' White House deputy press secretary Raj Shah said Friday night on CNN 's `` Erin Burnett OutFront . ''
Harold Ramis secretly fathered a daughter with Clueless and Fast Times at Ridgemont High director Amy Heckerling , a new book written by the couple 's other child claims .
In Ghostbuster 's Daughter : Life With My Dad Harold Ramis , Violet Ramis Stiel recounts how she felt when she found out her famous dad had a secret child with another woman in 1985 . At the time he was still married to her mom , Anne Plotkin .
Then only eight-years-old , Violet remembers feeling confused when her dad took her to the hospital after Amy gave birth without telling her it was to meet her baby sister , Mollie Heckerling .
Ramis are separated from Plotkin and had started a relationship with Erica Mann when Mollie was born , according to the book . Ramis and Mann wed in 1989 and had two sons .
Years later , Mollie 's dad , Police Academy writer Neal Israel , who was married to Amy when she was born , told her the truth about Ramis — and she connected with her biological father when she became an adult .
“ Even though he was someone I did n't know at all growing up , we were so alike in so many basic ways — our tastes , our mannerisms , our outlook on things , so it really was kind of nice , ” Mollie , now 32 , told The Chicago Tribune .
Harold Ramis , Mollie and Amy Heckerling Ray Tamarra/Getty ; Dave Allocca/StarPix/REX/Shutterstock
Mollie said the two were never very close , and she regrets not spending more time with him before his death in 2014 . The Groundhog Day actor died at 69 from a rare autoimmune disease that affected his blood vessels .
“ We had a really great rapport . I loved him very dearly and I know he loved me , but the one thing I regret is not being more present in his life or fighting to be more present , especially when he was sick , ” Mollie said .
She continued , “ Because you want to be with the person as much as you can and garner as much as you can from them and then at the same time you feel as though you 're kind of a reminder to them of something that they did that they 're not proud of , so it was sort of like bittersweet . ”
Southern Miss beat Georgia Southern 4-3 in 10 innings Friday night . College baseball scores . Highlights from the Gaston Hewes Relays and the two-time defending Class 6A Powerlifting Champion Gulfport ... will host the Class 6A South State title beginning 11 a.m. Saturday morning at Bert Jenkins Gymnasium . Two-time state championship Jaquan Foster will be key for Gulfport .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
The 7.4 million pounds Bournemouth spent on agent fees will be worth `` every penny '' if the south coast club avoid relegation from the Premier League , manager Eddie Howe has said .
A Football Association report revealed Bournemouth spent the seventh highest amount on agent fees from January 2016 to February 2017 , ahead of the likes of Tottenham Hotspur , Everton and Leicester City .
In all , England 's top-flight clubs spent close to 175 million pounds on agent fees over the same period .
`` It depends on what you want to achieve . The bigger thing for us is to stay in the Premier League , '' Howe , whose side is 15th in the table and seven points above the relegation zone with six games left , told the Daily Echo .
`` That figure would be worth every penny if we do ( stay up ) . ''
Howe lamented the amount of power agents are given by players during transfer negotiations .
`` Unfortunately these days , if you do n't pay agents , you do n't sign players . It 's as simple as that . Signing players comes at a big cost , not just the transfer fee and wages of the player , but also the agent , '' Howe added .
`` A lot of the time , the agent will dictate where their player goes so , unfortunately , it 's a sign of the modern times and the league we are in . ''
( Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru ; editing by Amlan Chakraborty )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. -- Claire Sander is in the middle of some hardcore training . Her `` fix '' is long distance . It 's a passion that began in high school where she was crowned the Massachusetts State Champion .
Her path would eventually lead to Richmond .
`` I ran at VCU . We used to tear up Monument , '' Sander said . `` I 'm addicted to running . ''
In April , Claire will run the Boston Marathon for a second time . But it wo n't be her toughest challenge .
Last May , doctors diagnosed the 40-year-old mother of two with breast cancer .
`` My head kind of went to a dark place , ” Sander said as she described her feelings after the diagnosis . `` That visit I felt great . I kind of bopped in . I was in the best shape of my life . ''
The next day , Claire got a call from the doctor and a biopsy was performed . Doctors found a tumor in her left breast .
The diagnosis had Claire immediately making a deal with God to have more time with her two young children : three- year-old Finnegan and one-year-old Fontaine .
`` I asked God , 'if you get me to 60 ( years old ) and let me see them grow up and I will do something to give back , ” Sander said .
Cleaning houses is how Claire is giving back through business , Cleaning For A Cure .
Almost three months after she had a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery , Claire is trying to help other women in her shoes .
She is donating 10-percent of each house cleaning to local organization , Reach Out for Life .
The organization helps lower income and under insured women get a mammogram . Every year the program helps hundreds of women in 10 counties and five cities in Central Virginia .
`` People feel like they 're giving back too . They can get their house cleaned , but the percentage of that is going to pay for someone to get a mammogram , ” Sander said .
She wants other women to have the same life-saving opportunity that she received .
`` I felt very blessed that this mammogram essentially saved my life because they found it so soon , ” Sander said .
Claire 's husband will be playing a golf tournament October 16 that benefits Reach Out For Life . The Swing For Pink Golf Event will be held at Sycamore Creek Golf Club at 1991 Manakin Road in Manakin-Sabot .
Registration begins at 8 am . Teams are still needed .
A four-person scramble is $ 125 per person .
CBS 6 is a big supporter of the event . One hole at the tournament will be known as “ Stephanie 's Challenge ” .
It 's in honor of CBS 6 anchor Stephanie Rochon who died of cancer in 2015 .
Stephanie was dedicated to work with Reach Out For Life to help women get mammograms .
Mike Shay is n't pleased that his battle with addiction was outed on Vanderpump Rules .
In a final episode of the Bravo reality series ' explosive reunion on Monday evening , Mike calls out his estranged wife , Scheana Shay , for divorcing him on-camera — and tells host Andy Cohen that his issues were something he “ never ” would have brought up on his own for audiences to see .
“ That was something that I was dealing with , with my wife — between us . My parents did n't know . My family did n't know , ” Mike says in an E ! clip . “ So I was forced to tell everyone . ”
“ And now , anywhere I go , I get it everyday , I 'm labeled as a druggie . I 'm labeled forever , ” Mike says of the image he believes was portrayed of himself by the show .
Scheana , though , is no stranger to labels : the reality star had an affair with actor Eddie Cibrian while he was still married to former Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Brandi Glanville , and the drama between herself and Glanville played out on both RHOBH and Vanderpump Rules .
“ And I 'm a homewrecking whore . You get labeled and it just does n't leave you , ” says Scheana .
“ You labeled yourself that , ” Mike tells her . “ So it 's basically a great example of how she treated me . ”
In November , PEOPLE learned that the former couple would be divorcing after two years of marriage . And while Scheana claims she “ never would have left ” Mike and “ would have just stayed in a marriage that was n't great and I would have never divorced you , ” he does n't believe her .
“ That 's not true , That 's not true , ” Mike alleges in the clip . “ I told you we will make this work . And you said yes to everything . Then when I showed up to film , you divorced me on-camera . ”
FROM COINAGE : The Bachelor Engagement Rings Cost How Much ? !
But in defense of her decision to divorce him , Scheana claims that Mike was still using when they were together and was n't making positive changes .
“ I found out you were buying pills behind my back and still lying to me , ” says Scheana . “ Right then I was like checked out — done . ”
The reunion will also reveal the moment Mike is shocked to find out that Scheana is dating actor Robert Valletta , a decision he thinks is “ unfortunate ” and “ very quick . ”
Vanderpump Rules airs Mondays ( 8 p.m . ET ) on Bravo .
While her mother has been gifting her famous friends heart-shaped chocolate boxes , Chicago West has been receiving some pretty chic gifts herself .
Kim Kardashian West showed off the latest batch of presents that her 18-day-old daughter has been given on Instagram Story Friday evening . “ Thank you , Youssef , so much . You guys how cute is this Givenchy baby stuff ? I mean this blanket , oh my god . Thank you so much , ” the new mom of three , 37 , said in a brief clip with a shout-out to Givenchy communications director Youssef Marquis .
Chicago 's cozy white blanket , crafted from cotton and cashmere blend , is intarsia-knitted with the label 's signature stars , double stripe and a front logo .
Also in her gift haul were a “ Love Givenchy ” black and white patterned bib and matching onesie .
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
Kim Kardashian/Instagram
Givenchy is one of the fashion houses that has a close relationship with Kardashian West , after all , she did get married to husband Kanye West wearing a custom-made wedding dress . ( Even big sister North had her very own one-of-a-kind flower girl ensemble . )
RELATED GALLERY : From Pajamas to Bottles and Rattles : Kim Kardashian West 's Must-Have Baby Items
And Chicago is not the first West baby to be given designer labels . North , 4½ , received cute fashions from Lanvin , Alexander Wang , Maison Martin Margiela , Céline and a custom Bambi tee from Givenchy back in October 2013 , nearly four months after she was born .
Kim Kardashian
Also on Friday , Chicago and North were gifted with a couple of fragrances from their mama 's new Kimoji Hearts line . “ Saint , what 's this perfume you 're carrying around ? Is that Mommy 's perfume ? Who is that for ? ” the KKW Beauty mogul can be heard saying in a video shared to social media , showing Saint carrying around the purple Ride or Die variety .
“ For Sissy , ” the 2-year-old boy said .
RELATED : Kim Kardashian West Reveals How She and Kanye Keep Their White Furniture Safe from Their Kids
Following her baby girl 's birth via surrogate on Jan. 15 , Kardashian West has been using social media to share snaps of sweet presents from her friends and family , including extravagant floral bouquets .
Kim Kardashian in December Donato Sardella/Getty Images for The Tot
Pregnant aunt Khloé Kardashian sent a huge rose arrangement that spells “ CHI , ” her nickname . The gift follows a heart-shaped arrangement of roses from pregnant sister Kylie Jenner , which Kardashian West posted on Snapchat and Instagram Stories , saying “ How beautiful are these flowers ? Thank you , Kylie ! ”
While the gifts and clothes are brand new for Chicago , her nursery is full of hand-me-downs .
“ I 'm pretty much using the same crib and everything that I had for our other kids , ” Kardashian West told Architectural Digest in a recent interview . “ We have a Vetro Lucite crib and we have a Royère bed in there and a really fluffy cream rug . We had a changing table made . ”
College Papers : How To Improve Your Proofreading And Spell Checking Abilities
This type of parenting is consistent with Dyadic Developmental Psychotherapy , that an evidence-based and effective treatment to understand all the with trauma and attachment disorders ( Becker-Weidman & Hughes , 2008 ) . Many foster and adoptive parents find their children 's behaviors strange , frightening , disturbing , and upsetting . They often do n't understand why their child behaves given that child does ; “ after all , my child is now safe , does n't he buy it ? ” It can be difficult to appreciate the depth and pervasiveness for the damage resulting from earlier maltreatment .
The first draft of an essay is a duplicate belonging to the rough version . Once you are able to get it down on paper you have finished the toughest part of essay writing .
Glucose , in keeping with a study by the cambridge university which involved 136 candidates shows a temporary regulation inside your appetite . This simply means if you watch your blood ranges you will be able to control urge for food .
Writers who enroll themselves in a writing center will find this in order to become a very wise investment . Not only do they really be learning new things which they can incorporate within their works , but additionally they can also employ the knowledge they have acquired and pass it on the other sites . Everyone needs a little writing help every now and then , exactly why not go ahead and take time to sign up yourself in a writing center and further enhance your abilities . Your singular investment can just translate but for success your future . Perhaps the best at what they all an increased level of little help sometimes .
Perhaps ended up being from a teacher in school , or you took your advice and tips from online curriculum vitae resources . Resume writing tips are reading and most buy essays fast http : //buyessaycheaper.com/ buy essays for college are easily understood . Once you understand the differences concerning the types of documents , can really clog be onto your way to resume distribution and the all-important interview .
Exercise for instance yoga , swimming , dancing , walking , all best ways to increase lymph and blood circulation , releasing stiffness and also strengthening your . A great way for preparing your body for pregnant women . Exercise can work wonders by limiting unnecessary weight gain , increasing energy levels and endurance as well as being proven to help in reducing labor pains .
Again , decide whether this is the route a person are you would need to go before you take out your card ! As well as cons ! Someone who can be objective a person is a possession .
When tend to be sure of your stepping on the new ground it would get much better to breathe enrolled in college . Now which are coping quite well , its of your time start focusing on the term papers just as you seem imaginable . The commencing act is attained is to pick from an appropriate topic for custom term papers . Diane puttman is hoping the essential step for writing a condition paper while can boost the chances of fine papers or only blow it in water completely . Matter should a person the most because make sure you enjoy it the reader wo n't likewise . It is alcohol writing , method to to create a writing piece readable for reader ; select one be fun for in order to definitely write .
When writing for SEO purposes , write simply . Do n't talk right down to your audience , there 's no quicker solution to get readers angry , but do keep sentences fairly short appreciate the fact that the point in time . Imagine you were talking towards boss anf the husband or she did n't have much time . Possess to find yourself at the point fairly quality . You also require getting the entire idea across , not just bits and pieces . The same principles relate to Internet providing . Some people make the mistake of writing plenty of short sentences , but additional spending cash . good one . If you write sentences tend to be too choppy , you 'll jar your readers out of reading . Vary your sentence length . Different sentence lengths make your writing more interesting study . However , maintain the convoluted , grammatically correct sentences for college papers and out SEO drafting .
So how do we stop these behaviors as parents / guardians ? Well first we need to recognize them and only then do we have to wish to limit . In the case of Susan lousy have asked a friend just aid keep an eye out of the house and let Jane come home alone . Terrible suggest to Jane these people talk round the phone twice a week associated with multi-text messages a operating day . Again this assumes that Susan to help stop enabling Jane and recognizes that Susan 's hovering behavior may in fact be detrimental .
So , walk ! to be perfect to write . As a a few facts , unlearn all that stuff your teachers stated . They were n't professional writers , anyhow . Most importantly start writing and write a boatload ! So much of internet marketing depends on communicating through writing that you want to get facile advertising online .
People keep handing Terry Bradshaw microphones and he keeps talking . This time the former Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback talked to USA TODAY and he did n't pass up a chance to take another shot at head coach Mike Tomlin and the Steelers .
Terry Bradshaw thinks Ben Roethlisberger and the Steelers ' smart drafting are the reasons for success in Pittsburgh , gives no credit to Mike Tomlin : https : //t.co/P8UwCQeXUH pic.twitter.com/h0V8pOY9IG — USA TODAY Sports ( @ usatodaysports ) February 2 , 2018
Bradshaw was quick to point out that the New England Patriots are the A team with the Steelers just below . He then clarified that he thinks Ben Roethlisberger is more A than Tomlin is . He then acknowledged that he has to be careful when he talks about the Steelers , even though he does n't really heed his own warning .
He then proceeds to toss even more shade on Tomlin when he says that the team sure does draft good people and follows it up with that not being Tomlin .
Clearly , there is a disconnect between Bradshaw and today 's NFL but does he have a point ? This is n't the first time Tomlin 's style has come into question and not just from Bradshaw . It just feels more personal coming from a Steelers legend .
Related 5 Steelers salary cap cuts to get free agency started right
ZURICH Disasters cost insurers $ 54 billion ( 42.92 billion pounds ) in 2016 and created total economic losses of $ 175 billion , reinsurer Swiss Re ( SRENH.S ) said in a revised study on Tuesday .
`` The losses in 2016 – both economic and insured – were the highest since 2012 and reversed the downtrend of the last four years , '' the world 's second-largest reinsurer said .
The group said natural catastrophes and man-made disasters claimed 11,000 lives last year .
The figures showed an increase on initial estimates provided by the group in mid-December , which placed financial losses above $ 158 billion and insured losses at $ 49 billion at least .
In its annual natural catastrophe review released in early January , Munich Re ( MUVGn.DE ) said insurers paid out around $ 50 billion for natural disaster claims last year .
( Reporting by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi ; Editing by Michael Shields )
LONDON Sixth-placed Arsenal host Manchester City on Sunday in the unusual position of being outside the Premier League top four , which means they badly need a win over their third-placed opponents .
We look at five standout matches between the sides .
Premier League - December 2013
Manchester City 6 Arsenal 3
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger does not have to think back far to remember what can go wrong against Manchester City . This game at the Etihad , when Arsenal led the league by five points after 15 games , showed what lay in store against the eventual champions .
City 's Sergio Aguero began the scoring , with Alvaro Negredo and Fernandinho also weighing in before the break . Although Theo Walcott kept Arsenal in the game with a double , David Silva and Fernandinho restored City 's advantage before Arsenal 's Per Mertesacker and Yaya Toure ( penalty ) traded goals in added time .
`` It is very important to be an entertaining team but , for me , it will be more entertaining if we score six and concede none , ” said City boss Manuel Pellegrini , whose team pipped Liverpool to the title on the last day of the season . Arsenal came fourth .
Premier League - May 2006
Manchester City 1 Arsenal 3
Eleven years ago Arsenal were struggling to qualify for the Champions League despite booking a place in that year 's final later in May . A win at City , who had little to play for , would allow them to close the gap on fourth-placed local rivals Tottenham Hotspur to one point ahead of the final day .
Freddie Ljungberg settled Arsenal 's nerves with his first goal for over a year and , although David Sommeil equalised , Jose Antonio Reyes came off the bench to score twice . Three days later Arsenal beat Wigan Athletic in the last game at Highbury to finish fourth and spark celebrations among the home fans .
Premier League - February 2003
Manchester City 1 Arsenal 5
Arsenal normally got the better of City in Wenger 's early years . This was a day when one of his finest ever sides were at their brutal best , with Denis Bergkamp , Robert Pires , Thierry Henry and Kevin Campbell putting the visitors 4-0 up after 20 minutes .
Patrick Vieira added a fifth before former Arsenal favourite Nicolas Anelka pulled a late goal back for City .
Unstoppable Arsenal were soon to be known as The Invincibles , going the entire 2003-4 league season unbeaten .
Division One - April 1991
Arsenal 2 Manchester City 2
When they met in 1991 , Arsenal were top and seeking a second title in three seasons but this unexpected draw left them with familiar concerns about the run-in .
Goals from Kevin Campbell and Paul Merson looked to have secured victory , but a Mark Ward penalty sparked City 's fightback . The draw was secured when Tony Adams badly misjudged an offside from 20 metres , allowing David White to go on and slot the ball under keeper David Seaman .
The draw left the Gunners six points clear of Liverpool . Three wins from their final four fixtures secured the title for George Graham 's side .
FA Cup fifth round - February 1971
Manchester City 1 Arsenal 2
Charlie George will be forever remembered for his winner in the 1971 FA Cup final against Liverpool but he also scored a double against Manchester City in this fifth-round win .
Playing on the sort of mud-bath pitch that supporters used to love , George fired a first-half free-kick past keeper Joe Corrigan and then picked his way through the puddles from the halfway line for the winner .
Colin Bell replied for City but Arsenal were on their way in a season that eventually yielded the League and FA Cup double .
( $ 1 = 0.7964 pounds )
( Reporting by Neil Robinson ; editing by Ken Ferris )
A man crosses a pedestrian bridge next to the headquarters of internet and fixed-line phone company Telmex , commercial brand of America Movil , in Mexico City , Mexico , March 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
MEXICO CITY Mexican mogul Carlos Slim 's fixed-line telephone firm Telmex said on Wednesday it had been fined 5.3 million pesos ( $ 283,016 ) by Mexico 's telecoms regulator for failing to comply with the terms of its concession relating to public TV .
Telmex said it was studying the Federal Telecommunications Institute 's ( IFT ) decision and would appeal . The company said the IFT 's decision was based on non-compliance of its concession , in relation to deals signed with Dish and its affiliates .
( Reporting by Alexandra Alper ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN , June 14 Germany 's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution , a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step .
This comes after President Rodrigo Duterte said he will search for investors to help generate wealth in ancestral domains
Published 10:46 AM , February 03 , 2018
DAVAO CITY , Philippines – An alliance of indigenous peoples in Mindanao condemned President Rodrigo Duterte 's plan to find investors to develop Mindanao 's protected ancestral domains .
The Kusog sa Katawhang Lumad sa Mindanao ( Kalumaran ) called such plan a `` sell-out . '' The group also said it will be detrimental to ancestral lands that many groups have fought to protect against multinational corporations .
`` Now , it is becoming more clear that the 65 battalions of the Armed Forces of the Philippines ( AFP ) currently deployed in Mindanao ( are ) to secure the investments of foreign multinational operations , '' said Duphing Ogan , Kalumaran secretary general , in a statement Friday , February 2 .
The alliance was reacting to Duterte 's announcement before Lumad leaders on Thursday , February 1 , in a gathering at the military 's Eastern Mindanao Command headquarters in Davao City .
In his speech , the President said he will search for investors in a bid to generate wealth in ancestral domains .
He said Davao City 's Paquibato district , for instance , was an area where investors have long wanted to put up palm oil plantations .
Paquibato , among the city 's biggest districts situated in the north , has been beset with conflict between troops and the New People 's Army ( NPA ) , which celebrated its 48th founding anniversary in the same area in 2016 .
Duterte , who was mayor in Davao City prior to his presidency , earlier ordered the military to target the communist rebels after it wraps up its operations in Marawi . This came after the government gave up negotiating with the Reds .
For Kalumaran , though , condemning Duterte 's announcement was meant to oppose militarization in Lumad areas as `` this has resulted ( in ) more human rights violations against Lumad leaders , peasant and Moro communities as well as human rights defenders . ''
`` It is also expected that the present number of victims of extrajudicial killings , massacre , and forced displacements will continue to rise as we are under siege by the implementation of martial law and as more troops being deployed in Mindanao , '' Ogan added .
Over the years , Kalumaran has condemned atrocities against Lumad , including those allegedly committed by indigenous paramilitaries . – Rappler.com
The European Commission 's cleared the way for a tax on sugar sweetened drinks sold here .
It found the proposals do not unduly distort competition , and do not involve State aid .
In particular , it said the scope and design of the the measures are `` consistent with the health objectives pursued by Ireland '' - namely tackling obesity and other sugar related diseases .
In February , Ireland told the commission of its plans to introduce a sugar tax that did not involve any State aid within the meaning of EU rules .
General view of soft drinks on supermarket shelving in London | Image : Lewis Whyld/PA Archive/PA Images
The tax will apply to soft drinks containing added sugar with a sugar content of five grams or more .
In its assessment , the commission found that soft drinks can be treated differently to other sugary products in view of health objectives .
For example , it took into account the fact that soft drinks are the main source of calories devoid of any nutritional value - and thereby raise particular health issues .
It also concluded that soft drinks are `` particularly liable '' to lead to over-consumption and represent a higher risk of obesity .
The Cowboys ( 7-6 ) scored three touchdowns in less than five minutes to stay in the playoff race . It was big-play football , something the Giants have lacked since losing receiver Odell Beckham Jr. in Week 5 against the Chargers .
`` I thought yesterday we had a good game plan , getting the ball out fast , finding completions , '' Manning said . `` We 're not getting many explosive plays , but we 've got to find ways to make the plays that are there . If we get to third-and-manageable , we 've got to make some throws , make some catches , just do some of those things right . ''
Spagnuolo was not sure Webb would get a chance to play . He said he needs to talk to the offensive coaches before making a decision on that . He also said Webb is one of the hardest workers on the team .
Manning said he talks about the offence all the time with backup Geno Smith and with Webb . However , he admits that a quarterback has to play to find out what he can do .
`` I think you always think you 're ready , you think you kind of have the answers until you 're out there and you 've got to make some decisions , '' Manning said. `` 'Hey , are you going to make this check ; hey , I think this blitz is coming ; but are you sure and do you know how to pick it up , or do you know how to have answers , or what your assignments are , or what you 're going to do under a certain situation , where are your check-downs ? So , there 's a lot to learn , and honestly I believe the best way to do it is through experience and to get out there . ''
NOTES : First-year receiver Darius Powe had two receptions for 13 yards in his NFL debut . He also broke his foot in the first half , yet finished the game . He joined Beckham , Brandon Marshall , Dwayne Harris , Kevin Norwood and Keeon Johnson as receivers on injured reserve . ... S Landon Collins was out of his boot ( left foot ) but Spagnuolo was not sure he would be ready for Sunday . ... OT Justin Pugh is going to get a second opinion on his injured back on Wednesday . ... DT Khyri Thornton , who was signed on Nov. 29 and was never active for a game , was waived . ... The Broncos signed TE Matt LaCosse off the Giants ' practice squad . LaCosse played in three games this season but did not have a reception . The Giants terminated the practice squad contract of LB Trevor Bates .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and —http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Tom Canavan , The Associated Press
Three Mississauga schools are in hold and secure this afternoon ( Dec. 11 ) after a 911 call reporting a gun in the area .
Heavily-armed tactical officers and police dogs responded to the area of Tomken Road and Dundas Street East just before 12:30 p.m. after a report of “ two kids with a gun , ” according to Peel Regional Police .
Const . Rachel Gibbs said the report indicates one male youth showed a gun to another male youth in a parking lot in the area of the intersection .
St. Thomas More , Dixie Public School and Tomken Road Middle School are all in hold and secure , meaning no one can enter or leave the buildings and all doors must remain locked .
British Prime Minister Theresa May in the cabinet office signs the official letter to European Council President Donald Tusk invoking Article 50 and the United Kingdom 's intention to leave the EU on March 28 , 2017 in London , England . After holding a referendum in June 2016 ... REUTERS/Christopher Furlong/Pool
LONDON A photograph released by Downing Street last night shows a solitary Theresa May signing Britain 's Article 50 Brexit letter to the EU , just a Union Jack and a clock behind her .
The image is fitting : for from today May has given herself two years to conclude an exit deal that will seek to preserve commercial ties with Britain 's main trading partner while satisfying the yearnings of ardent Brexiteers for something that looks like a clean break with Europe .
LIVE COVERAGE : The road to Brexit
Today she will tell parliament she will make Brexit work for all Britons `` rich or poor '' and European officials will reaffirm that Britain can not cherry-pick what it wants from the EU while ignoring the rules it does n't like . Reconciling those two positions will be May 's work for the foreseeable future – and her political career will likely depend on it .
French Socialist former PM Manuel Valls has just declared he will support the centrist independent Emmanuel Macron in the presidential election . That is in itself a breath-taking disavowal of the Socialist Party 's official candidate , hard leftist Benoit Hamon . It 's hard to say what electoral benefit Macron will get from it - Valls is not wildly popular with voters in France . But it speaks volumes about the catastrophic state of the ruling Socialist Party and may hint at Valls ' plans to tighten his grip on it when Hamon is seen to fail .
MARKETS AT 0755 GMT
The resilience of equity markets to the stuttering legislative agenda of U.S. President Trump and against today 's formal request by Britain to start some two years of negotiations to leave the European Union is down to sheer strength of incoming economic activity .
The question for many investors is just how much momentum has now built up in the underlying economy regardless of Trump or Brexit or even the outside risks associated with the French and German elections this year .
U.S. consumer confidence readings shooting to their highest since 2000 this month was yet another startling example of the pickup in sentiment at least , but February U.S. trade numbers also showed the deficit falling by almost 6 percent – something that will lift Q1 GDP forecasts in lockstep . Barclays upped its first-quarter growth estimate by four tenths of a percentage point to 1.6 percent after the trade numbers and Morgan Stanley upped its call to 1.5 percent from 1.0 percent .
More broadly across the world , Citi 's economic surprises indices for the United States , the euro zone , Britain and emerging markets in aggregate are still impressively positive and have been so since December – showing a mix of accelerating activity and a persistent underestimation of its strength by forecasters .
The S & P500 closed up 0.7 percent late Tuesday , the Dow Jones broke an 8-day losing streak and futures markets are pointing to another positive open later . Asia bourses were mostly positive , although the rebound in the dollar and U.S. Treasury yields may put a brake on emerging markets in general . Euro/dollar slipped back below $ 1.08 against a revived dollar , with sterling taking a hit too as PM May signed the formal letter that will trigger Article 50 of the EU 's Lisbon Treaty on Brexit .
While the Article 50 request sets the clock ticking on EU exit negotiations , it 's likely to be just procedural today and the first detailed response may not arrive until after the EU summit on the issue late next month and talks may not get going in earnest until after the French elections are over in May .
Scotland 's parliament , meanwhile , voted to request a new referendum on independence as a result of Brexit , but the UK government 's initial response was that it wanted to complete the Brexit process first . Sterling slipped below $ 1.24 in early trading , back to Friday 's levels . Euro/sterling was also higher .
( Editing by Alison Williams )
DENVER ( AP ) — Taylor Swift won $ 1 and long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped her during a pre-concert photo op four years ago .
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits , jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing her backside during a backstage meet-and-greet . The six-woman , two-man jury also found that Swift 's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller 's bosses .
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler , Frank Bell , seeking up to $ 3 million for his ruined career .
Just before closing arguments , the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller 's lawsuit , saying he had failed to prove that she sought to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted her . U.S. District Judge William Martinez also drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect .
The singer-songwriter said in her countersuit that she wanted a symbolic $ 1 and the chance to stand up for other women .
Testimony showed that Swift reported the incident to her mother and others on her team , but that she never sought any specific action regarding Mueller .
From the start , Swift 's side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault , even though they never reported it to police . Her mother tearfully testified that she asked Bell to reach out to Mueller 's employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity .
Bell contacted a station vice president and asked for an investigation of Mueller 's conduct . He also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift , Mueller and Mueller 's then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet .
In a fiery hourlong stint on the witness stand last week , Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller 's attorney , Gabriel McFarland , of what happened . While Mueller testified he never grabbed Swift , she insisted she was groped .
“ He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him , ” Swift testified .
“ It was a definite grab . A very long grab , ” she added .
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star 's skirt or otherwise touching her inappropriately , insisting he touched only her ribs and may have brushed the outside of her skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture .
That photo was virtually the evidence besides the testimony . In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released , Mueller 's hand is behind Swift , just below her waist . Both are smiling . Mueller 's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift .
Swift testified that after she was groped , she numbly told Mueller and his girlfriend , “ Thank you for coming , ” and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because she did not want to disappoint them .
But she said she immediately went to her photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of her with Mueller , telling the photographer what happened .
Andrea Swift testified that she asked Bell to call Mueller 's employers . They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing her daughter , she said .
“ We absolutely wanted to keep it private , but we did n't want him to get away with it , ” Andrea Swift testified .
Bell said he emailed the photo to Robert Call , KYGO 's general manager , for use in Call 's investigation of Mueller . He said he did n't ask that Mueller be fired but that “ appropriate action be taken . ”
By Scott T. Sterling
Count Taylor Swift among the countless musicians paying tribute to rock legend Tom Petty in the wake of his death earlier this week .
Related : Bruce Springsteen Remembers Tom Petty : ‘ A Long Lost Brother '
Swift spoke to Rolling Stone about Petty 's tremendous influence on her .
“ To me , Tom Petty represented a kind of songwriting I idolized : complex simplicity , ” she revealed . “ It said so much in the lyrics , the concepts , the stories , the message , the nuances … but always brought you back to a hook that got stuck in everyone 's head . He motivated thousands of guitarists to learn to play just because they wanted to be able to play ‘ Free Fallin. ” Count me as one of them . ”
Swift famously covered Petty 's timeless 1977 single , “ American Girl , ” releasing it as a single and performing it on her Fearless tour in 2009 . Check it out below .
NFL suspends 49ers linebacker Reuben Foster 2 games
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Jeff Chiu , AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Files - In this May 30 , 2018 , file photo , San Francisco 49ers linebacker Reuben Foster ( 56 ) walks on the field with assistant coach Ray Wright during a practice at the team 's NFL football training facility in Santa Clara , Calif. 49ers linebacker Reuben Foster has been suspended without pay for the first two games of the regular season for violating the NFL 's conduct and substance abuse policy . The NFL said Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , that Foster will also be fined for violations from a weapons offense and misdemeanor drug charge that were resolved earlier this offseason . less FILE - In this May 30 , 2018 , file photo , San Francisco 49ers linebacker Reuben Foster ( 56 ) walks on the field with assistant coach Ray Wright during a practice at the team 's NFL football training facility in ... more Photo : Jeff Chiu , AP Image 2 of 3 Files - In this May 30 , 2018 , file photo , San Francisco 49ers linebacker Reuben Foster walks on the field during a practice at the team 's NFL football training facility in Santa Clara , Calif. 49ers linebacker Reuben Foster has been suspended without pay for the first two games of the regular season for violating the NFL 's conduct and substance abuse policy . The NFL said Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , that Foster will also be fined for violations from a weapons offense and misdemeanor drug charge that were resolved earlier this offseason . less FILE - In this May 30 , 2018 , file photo , San Francisco 49ers linebacker Reuben Foster walks on the field during a practice at the team 's NFL football training facility in Santa Clara , Calif. 49ers linebacker ... more Photo : Jeff Chiu , AP Image 3 of 3 NFL suspends 49ers linebacker Reuben Foster 2 games 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
SANTA CLARA , Calif. ( AP ) — San Francisco 49ers linebacker Reuben Foster was suspended Tuesday without pay for the first two games of the regular season for violating the NFL 's conduct and substance-abuse policy .
The NFL said Foster will also be fined for violations from a weapons offense and misdemeanor drug charge that were resolved earlier this offseason .
Foster will miss San Francisco 's games against Minnesota and Detroit before being allowed to return on Sept. 17 before the Niners play Kansas City .
`` I accept the League 's decision and am sorry that my mistakes have hurt my team , '' Foster said in a statement . `` I have a responsibility to the 49ers , our fans and our community , and I am committed to learning from this situation and making better choices in the future . The support I have received over the last five months has been humbling , and I do not take it for granted . ''
Foster was charged in January in Alabama with second-degree marijuana possession . That charge was eventually dismissed after he completed a first-time offender diversion course .
Foster then faced more serious charges for an incident in California in February . He was initially charged in April with felonies for domestic violence , making criminal threats and weapons possession after being accused of beating up his ex-girlfriend .
A judge ruled there was no probable cause on the first two charges after the ex-girlfriend recanted the allegations and the judge found no other evidence to support the charges . The weapons charge was reduced to a misdemeanor and Foster pleaded no-contest to that in June .
He was sentenced to two years ' probation , 232 hours of community service , and $ 235 in fines . He will not be allowed to own guns while he 's on probation .
The 49ers initially told Foster to stay away from the offseason program after the felony charges were filed in the domestic violence case before welcoming him back after that was resolved in May .
`` Our organization understands and supports the League 's decision , '' general manager John Lynch said . `` Although we are disappointed that Reuben will not be with our team for the first two games of the season , we will continue to work with him on making better decisions and eliminating unnecessary distractions . We are encouraged to see Reuben take responsibility for his mistakes , and hopeful that he has learned from them as well . ''
The 49ers drafted Foster 31st overall last year after questions about his health and character caused him to drop from being a possible top 10 pick .
Foster delivered on the field , ranking second on the team with 72 tackles in 10 games as a rookie and looking like a key part of San Francisco 's defensive future .
___
More AP NFL : www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
× Police in standoff with off-duty deputy on Capitol Hill
SEATTLE — Police have surrounded an apartment in Seattle 's Capitol Hill neighborhood in an attempt to reach a domestic violence suspect .
The suspect has been identified as an off-duty King County Sheriff 's deputy .
The deputy has been with the department for 2.5 years but he had recently been placed on paid administrative leave , King County Sheriff 's Office spokesman Ryan Abbott said .
Q13 News reporter AJ Janavel is on the scene . He said police are talking to the deputy through a megaphone asking if he 's OK .
“ We just want to make sure you 're OK , ” Janavel overheard .
It 's unclear what prompted the standoff or original 911 call .
Officers have closed the road lined with apartments from East Howell Street on the north side to south of East Olive Street .
The standoff began about 1:30 a.m .
This article will be updated when more information becomes available .
First responders spent Wednesday morning on the scene of a fully engulfed house fire in Biloxi . And it was set ablaze on purpose for fire department training .
Ashleigh Wade , the New York woman who fatally stabbed her friend before cutting the victim 's baby out of her womb , was found guilty of second-degree murder and kidnapping on Thursday .
The 24-year-old woman wept as the verdict was read . It took the jury just five hours to convict her . When she is sentenced on October 20 , Wade faces life in prison .
Assistant District Attorney Meredith Holtzman told the jury that Wade faked a pregnancy in 2015 when she lured her friend , Angelikque Sutton to her home . When Sutton arrived , Wade slashed her in the face and neck , cutting her larynx so that she could n't scream . Although Sutton fought back , she bled to death .
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter .
Subsequently , Holtzman told the jury , Wade took a paring knife to Sutton 's abdomen and cut out her uterus , removing the baby .
The baby girl was named Jenasis . Holtzman told the jury that Wade wrapped up the newborn and fed her a bottle of formula . She then told her boyfriend that she 'd just had a baby — but that she 'd done a bad thing .
The prosecutor read a written confession by Wade in court and the defense conceded many of the case 's details , but argued that Wade was mentally disturbed , and she truly believed that the baby was her own .
• PEOPLE 's special edition True Crime Stories : 35 Real Cases That Inspired the Show Law & Order is on sale now .
After the murder , Wade told detectives that she wanted to “ rescue ” the baby because she had lost her own . Prosecutors say that Wade 's supposed pregnancy was actually imaginary . “ I sat there thinking about my child that died and thought that I could n't have any more children die so I rescued the baby , ” she wrote in her confession . “ Holding her felt right and I believed that the little girl was mine . ”
Jenasis is now a healthy toddler living with family members .
Amy Attias , Wade 's defense attorney , briefly addressed reporters after the conviction , and said that Wade was very remorseful . “ She 's sobbing and she 's sorry , ” she said .
Neo-Nazi writers are upset that retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn has resigned from his position as national security adviser . The anti-Semites are lionizing Flynn as “ one of our best guys ” and a “ true patriot ” who has “ been quite critical of the Jews in the past. ” They are also lamenting that his resignation is “ definitely a loss … to the Jews ” and are speculating that he was pushed out by “ more subversive elements in the White House . ”
As CNN noted , Flynn resigned on the night of Feb. 13 “ after reports surfaced that the Justice Department warned the Trump administration last month that Flynn misled administration officials regarding his communications with the Russian ambassador to the United States and was potentially vulnerable to blackmail by the Russians . ”
The disgraced former national security adviser has repeatedly pushed toxic views . Last July , Flynn shared a tweet that read in part , “ Not anymore , Jews . Not Anymore. ” ( He later apologized . ) He claimed on Twitter that “ Fear of Muslims is RATIONAL. ” Flynn also endorsed the work of racist author Mike Cernovich , who has frequently pushed white nationalist themes on his Twitter account ( many of which he later deleted ) . Cernovich has claimed that “ diversity is code for white genocide , ” “ Blacks use guns for murder . Whites use guns to kill themselves , ” and “ Diversity is bad for national security . ”
Members of the white nationalist movement unsurprisingly applauded Flynn 's appointment to national security adviser . They are now mourning the loss of “ one of our best guys . ”
H. Büşra Erdal , author , reporter and lawyer , faces 15 years in jail for her Tweets
An author , lawyer and journalist who made a career and a name for herself from years of working as a court reporter who chased high-profile legal cases has become a victim of Turkish government 's massive crackdown on freedom of press in Turkey .
36 year-old Hanım Büşra Erdal , a prominent journalist , has been locked up behind bars in Turkey for 438 days over trump-up charges of terror based over her social media postings on Twitters , comments and books she owned . This bright and intellectual journalist has been languishing in İstanbul 's Bakırköy Women 's Prison for 14 months with no glimmer of hope that she would be got out any time soon .
Erdal started as an intern reporter in 2002 in Turkey 's one-time largest circulated national daily Zaman when she was a student in the law faculty in prestigious İstanbul University . She followed many legal cases and reported about them in the daily for years . The exclusive stories she covered during landmark Ergenekon and Sledgehammer cases where a renegade ultra-nationalist group that is nested in Turkish military and government tried to wreak havoc in Turkey by plotting murders , terrorism acts and coups carried her name to the front pages of the newspaper . She later authored two books namely “ Ergenekon For Those Who Are Confused ” and “ Certified Lies ” . Erdal has to fight with more than 70 lawsuits filed against her because of her writings and coverage about these trials .
When the government forcibly seized her newspaper in March 2016 , Erdal was among the first one that were immediately fired by the trustees appointed by the government to change the critical Zaman daily into a government mouthpiece . Yet , she did not give up and continued writing for Yeni Hayat daily that was set up by dismissed journalists .
When the government issued detention warrants against 42 journalists including her on July 25 , 2016 , ten days after the failed coup bid in Turkey , she was taking a break in her parent 's home in the western province Manisa . She knew the ins and outs of the legal system , had the wealth of expertise as a court reporter and a lawyer and thought she could very well defend herself against frivolous charges . Yet , what she did not realize was that the rule of law is completely suspended in Turkey with no due process and no fair trial protections . Erdal turned herself into the police when she had a chance to flee the country .
Stockholm Centre for Freedom ( SCF ) talked to her colleague who had a conversation with Erdal just hours before she surrendered herself to the police . Speaking on the condition of anonymity , the colleague said Erdal was confident and told him over the phone that “ I am a journalist and a lawyer as well . I do defend myself . I did nothing wrong . ”
She was wrong as the government is not interested in facts but wanted to silence critical and independent journalists . She was a victim of the government intimidation campaign to muzzle what is left of the critical media in Turkey after shuttering 180 media outlets using then failed coup bid as pretext . Although it was against the code of procedures , police handcuffed her and paraded as if a criminal in front of the cameras broadcasting for then pro-government networks .
Erdal was formally arrested on July 29 , 2016 on farcical terror charges , indicted months later and now faces up to 15 years jail time over her critical tweet messages , comments and articles . She had a chance to appear in the court for the first time on March 25 , 2007 after spending nine months in pre-trial detention . The hearings in the case of Erdal and 24 other journalists lasted for five days . To the surprise of many , the court decided to release 21 journalists including Erdal at the completion of first hearings .
The moment after the court 's decision was announced , pro-government journalists including ones from Aydın Doğan 's media group , Erdoğanist trolls and figures in social media kicked off a campaign questioning the journalists ' release . Erdal was especially singled out because of her popularity as a lawyer and author . The vicious campaign by pro-government thugs has even escalated to threats against prosecutors and judges who are involved in the release of journalists . They were warned with arrests themselves .
Before then court judgement to release journalists pending trial was executed , the government brought new charges . 13 journalists were told a new investigation on serious allegations of crime was launched against them despite the fact that they had been in prison for nine months already . A new detention orders issued and they were taken to the police station from the prison cell in a new cycle of processing that led them back to prison again with new added charges . Another 8 journalists who were ordered to be released were re-arrested after the prosecutor challenged the release order and the judge issued a new arrest warrant within hours without even examining their cases and hearing the defendants ' arguments . Erdal unfortunately was one of them .
A few days later three judges who decided to release 21 jailed journalists were suspended by the Turkey 's judicial council the Board of Judges and Prosecutors ( HSK ) .
The nightmare for Erdal is far from over . She was subjected to intrusive naked search , abused and humiliated by the police officers when she was picked up from the prison cell for processing again . Ümit Kardaş , the lawyer of the journalist , told the court on April 27 , 2017 hearing that “ My client was subjected to an inhuman treatment . She won her freedom but put back to jail again . A month passed since her terrible ordeal in police station but she has not covered from that trauma yet . ”
The indictment prepared after seven months after she was put in jail seeks up to 15 years in jail for her . The prosecutor submitted Twitter messages , and columns written by the journalist as evidences of the crime . The books authored by Islamic scholar Fethullah Gülen that were found in her library were also listed as criminal evidence . She was accused of being critical against a court decision that unlawfully ruled for the government 's seizure of Zaman daily for which she had worked . Her participation in the protest of the takeover and her critical writings about the seizure order were considered to be crimes . Her published articles on the case of Ergenekon from 2008 to 2012 were deemed as proof of crimes .
In total , the indictment listed 20 tweets , 3 retweets , and 11 articles by Erdal as evidence of terrorism that justifies long prison sentence . During previous hearings , she denied all accusations and said her postings and published articles are part of journalism activity that is protected by Turkish Constitution as well as the European Convention on Human Rights ( ECHR ) . “ I am a journalist . I am sure of myself . I did only journalism , ” she told the court .
Here are some examples of tweets and retweets posted by Erdal which appeared in the indictment as evidence for terror :
“ Trustees appointed from the Lawyers Association . I know 2 of them . One is the husband of my faculty friend . Villains . ”
“ Name of trustees for Zaman daily : Sezai Şengönül , Lawyer Tahsin Kaplan ve Lawyer Metin İlhan . The monthly salary : 10 thousand Turkish liras ”
A retweet of a message posted by an academic Mahmut Akpınar : “ We call attention to national and international human rights defenders and organizations . There is severe torture , persecution , and mistreatment in detention cells [ in Turkey ] . ”
A retweet of a message posted by news portal T24 : “ Gülen : An international commission should investigate the coup bid . I am ready to accept whatever conclusion this commission would draw at the end of inquiry . ”
Turkey is the biggest jailer of journalists in the world . The most recent figures documented by the SCF has showed that 280 journalists and media workers are now in jails as of September 30 , 2017 , most in pre-trial detention languishing in notorious Turkish prisons without even a conviction . Of those in Turkish prisons , 255 are arrested pending trial , only 25 journalists remain convicted and serving time in Turkish prisons . An outstanding detention warrants remain for 134 journalists who live in exile or remain at large in Turkey .
Detaining tens of thousands of people over alleged links to the movement , the government also closed down more than 180 media outlets after the controversial coup attempt .
Turkey survived a controversial military coup attempt on July 15 , 2016 that killed 249 people . Immediately after the putsch , the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) government along with Turkey 's autocratic President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan pinned the blame on the Gülen movement .
Fethullah Gülen , who inspired the movement , strongly denied having any role in the failed coup and called for an international investigation into it , but President Erdoğan — calling the coup attempt “ a gift from God ” — and the government initiated a widespread purge aimed at cleansing sympathizers of the movement from within state institutions , dehumanizing its popular figures and putting them in custody .
Turkey has suspended or dismissed more than 150,000 judges , teachers , police and civil servants since July 15 . Turkey 's Justice Ministry announced on July 13 that 50,510 people have been arrested and 169,013 have been the subject of legal proceedings on coup charges since the failed coup .
Related
× World 's last male northern white rhino dies at 45
NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) — The world 's last male northern white rhino , Sudan , has died after “ age-related complications , ” researchers announced Tuesday , saying he “ stole the heart of many with his dignity and strength . ”
A statement from the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya said the 45-year-old rhino was euthanized on Monday after his condition “ worsened significantly ” and he was no longer able to stand . His muscles and bones had degenerated and his skin had extensive wounds .
The rhino had been part of an ambitious effort to save the subspecies from extinction with the help of the two surviving females .
“ He was a great ambassador for his species and will be remembered for the work he did to raise awareness globally of the plight facing not only rhinos , but also the many thousands of other species facing extinction as a result of unsustainable human activity , ” said the conservancy 's CEO , Richard Vigne .
Sudan was something of a celebrity , attracting thousands of visitors . Last year he was listed as “ The Most Eligible Bachelor in the World ” on the Tinder dating app in a fundraising effort .
The last male northern white rhino had been born in Sudan , taken to a Czech zoo and then transferred to Kenya in 2009 . Rangers caring for Sudan described him as gentle .
The rhino “ significantly contributed to survival of his species as he sired two females , ” the conservancy said . “ Additionally , his genetic material was collected yesterday and provides a hope for future attempts at reproduction of northern white rhinos through advanced cellular technologies . ”
( UPDATED ) 'He travelled about 7 times and to think that the office is an urban poor agency , I simply can not , ' says President Rodrigo Duterte about the PCUP chairman he just fired
Published 4:43 PM , December 12 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines ( UPDATED ) – `` You had too much , too soon . ''
This was President Rodrigo Duterte 's message to Presidential Commission for the Urban Poor chairman Terry Ridon on Tuesday , December 12 , just hours after he was fired .
Duterte elaborated on his accusations against Ridon during his speech at the 2017 Presidential Awards for Child-Friendly Municipalities and Cities in Malacañang .
`` He was appointed September , he travelled about 7 times and to think that the office is an urban poor agency – I simply can not , '' said the President , adding that he had no `` personal '' grievance against Ridon .
`` I can not understand why you have to be there at every powwow in every international scene . We can not afford it , '' said Duterte .
But Ridon supposedly travelled with officials from other agencies as well , including the National Housing Authority and the Office of the Cabinet Secretary .
These were for international conferences related to poverty alleviation and development .
Ridon , in a statement , said that the trips were approved by Malacañang .
`` All trips were covered by Travel Authorities issued by the Office of the President and recommended by the Office of the Cabinet Secretary involving international conferences relevant to the urban poor : poverty alleviation , public housing and climate change , '' he said .
If Ridon has been axed for such `` junkets , '' why not the other officials ?
Duterte also said he fired the PCUP officials because they supposedly failed to meet regularly as an en banc .
`` One is because it 's a collegial body and I have heard that they never had had any hearing except for one or two , '' said the President .
PCUP met en banc only twice , in April and in November this year . – Rappler.com
Gucci is an Italian high fashion brand and they usually move very quickly with the trends , however , they produced one thing ever since 1953 , and it 's the Gucci horse bit loafer model 1953 . Because they 've been so popular over the years , there are many iterations and models , some are slippers with a soft heel , you can find them with different logos , but the original one has the classic horsebit and no logos that are visible . You might wonder , it 's just a loafer , is n't it ? Well , not quite .
If you have not already done so , please check out our other Is It Worth It articles about other iconic items such as the Fountain Pen or the Burberry Trench Coat .
History Of Gucci
First , let 's talk about the history of Gucci . Gucci is a company that was started in 1920 in Florence by a man named Guccio Gucci . Originally , they are a manufacturer of high-end leather goods including saddle wear . By the 1950s and 60s , Hollywood stars were wearing Gucci , and so it became very famous , and the focus changed . Now , it was more about consumer products and shoes , not so much about horse riding wear . The canvas GG with red and green detail appeared out of a leather shortage on WWII , but it instantly became synonymous with Gucci . The Gucci family almost ran the brand into a crown in the 1980s and was sold in 1988 . By 1990 , the creative director Tom Ford was installed , and he helped the brand to regain that old fame . Of course , he was very stylish himself and so he created his own brand .
After Ford 's success as creative director at Gucci came Alessandro Michele who was hired by Tom Ford himself . Under his reign , Gucci has turned away from traditional minimalism , and it has become much louder and bolder . In my opinion , he does n't have much in common with classic style anymore yet the Gucci horse bit loafer remains unchanged .
What Makes The Gucci Horsebit Loafer Special ?
In 1953 , Gucci opened their New York presence and offices . At that time , Gucci noticed the popularity of the loafer in the US in general . Gucci decided to change it up a bit , he refined the lines , he added a horsebit , after all , Gucci had been making saddles in the past , and he offered them in black even though most loafers at the time came in tones of brown . The result was a pair of shoes that was just formal enough to be worn with a suit , at the same time , it was more comfortable and more casual than most other black shoes on the market . The shoes became an instant success . By 1969 , Gucci was selling 84 thousand pairs of the horsebit loafer in the US alone . People like John F. Kennedy and Gianni Agnelli helped the Gucci loafer become popular .
Today , it 's an iconic shoe , and in fact it 's the only shoe that is part of the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art in New York , and it has been so since 1985 . Apart from the original 1953 style , you 'll also find many different others . One that is particularly popular right now is the Jordaan which is not like AirJordans , and the Brixton which is soft in the back , of course , you can also find the 1970s version with a much thicker sole and higher heel , but that 's a very special item . I like to stick with the originals .
In this article , we talk about the black classic 1953 style which currently retails for $ 670 , that 's for a calf leather version . You can also find crocodile skins in brown , black , or navy , which retails for $ 2,600 .
The Gucci Horsebit Loafer Hype
It 's a shoe that comes with a certain cache . It 's very recognizable and people can see it . If they do , they know that you spent six hundred seventy dollars in a pair of shoes . It 's a moccasin style construction which is hand sewn . It has this horse bit which is gold , not silver . The funny thing is the shoes have changed slightly . If you look at older models and the horsebit itself , it seems to have been gold-plated versus today which looks more like a cheaper zamac version without the gold . I wonder if they 've cut some production costs there . It 's a shoe that has the character of Italian style . It 's more effortless than let 's say , a shoe from Allen Edmonds , and it can be worn with a suit , as well as more casual combinations . That being said , I do n't think it quite works well with a double-breasted suit because it is more formal than a single-breasted suit . Also with combinations , the color black is not super ideal for casual looks . I understand at the time , it was revolutionary . It worked then . In recent years , casual shoes are usually brown or navy , maybe sometimes green but never black .
Construction Of The Gucci Horsebit Loafer
Let 's look at the construction and workmanship of the Gucci horse bit loafer . First , when I looked at it on the website , I was quite disappointed because there was n't much detail . They just said black leather and horsebit , but they did n't talk about what kind of leather , how it was tanned , how it was constructed if it was sewn , glued , what kind of construction it was . I was weary because I expected that it was n't a good shoe after all . Now , when I got the shoe , the actual first impression was much better . You could see the moccasin top was sewn by hand , that was quite obvious because of the different stitch density on the side and in the front which is a hallmark of handwork . You could also see little puckering along the edges which is typical for hand-sewn moccasins . The leather is very nice and has good quality . It is hand stained , but that makes more of a difference with brown shoes , not really with black . However , Italians are very good with leather especially around Florence so you can be rest assured that you get a quality hide on Gucci loafers .
Surprisingly , the sole construction of the shoe is sewn and not glued . It is a Blake stitch that is nicely channeled , meaning the sole is cut open then sewn and then the seam at the bottom of the sole is hidden because the sole is kind of shaped outwards . The edges of the sole are rounded nicely . There 's some edge painting down there . At the heel , you find little star symbols and that has n't changed from older Gucci horse bit loafers . The shoe has a nicely built flat heel with a rubber patch and two brass nails . I think they 're there for decoration because the whole thing is glued on . You also find some brass nails in the front toe area . They 're supposed to prevent premature wear . I do n't think it really works , but it ca n't hurt the longevity of the shoe .
I wonder why they add the little star symbol , it may be something to help distinguish them from fake shoes , but I 'm not quite sure about it . In general , the sole is very thin and extremely flexible which makes it very comfortable . At the same time , because it is so thin , you 're probably not going to get a super long wear out of it . That being said , you can always return your shoes to Gucci for repair , and they take them back as long as you do n't bring them to local cobblers in-between . Of course , they also charge more than the local cobbler would . Nevertheless , it is nice to know that there is a factory resoling option . Also , bear in mind that it can take two to three months to get your shoes repaired so either plan ahead or go local .
Another area that I was quite surprised by it was the lining of the modern 1953 version . Because it 's mostly a textile , you can see at the bottom of the shoe that it 's a textile . It does n't say whether it 's cotton or linen , I suspect it 's one of the other or a blend – could also be a poly blend but I do n't know because Gucci does n't provide any more information about it . The good thing is , it works well for summery weathers because when your feet sweat , no matter if you went on bare feet , or with no-show socks , or with regular socks , the cotton or the material will absorb more than the leather and it will be more comfortable . If you look at the older Gucci horse bit loafers , they were all leather lined in regular tan leather . Interestingly , there seems to be no foam pad underneath that leather insole in the heel area , and I wonder why they did n't add that .
Is The Gucci loafer Worth The High Price ?
Pros : 1 . Not a Flashy Shoe It 's an iconic shoe and this is an original . Unlike many other Gucci or designer products , it does n't have big visible logos on the outside of the shoe which in my book , is a huge plus . 2 . Comfortable , Classic and Timeless Shoe It 's a comfortable shoe made in a classic last , made in the same shape since 1953 . It 's likely not going to go out of style anytime soon . 3 . Hold Value Well If you ever get bored with the design of the shoe , it 's very easy to sell them and you still get quite a bit of money for them . On eBay , a pair of 1953 horsebit loafers goes around 300 dollars which is not bad for a used shoe . 4 . Good Quality Honestly , I was a bit surprised about that because I expected less quality because I just assumed a fashion brand just charges more for the name . That being said , you 'll receive a decent quality shoe that 's not just garbage . It 's definitely much higher quality than Cole Haan loafers that sell for $ 120 .
Cons : 1 . Cost $ 670 is quite a bit of money for an off-the-rack shoe . Now , I said that the quality is good and while that 's true , the value is not quite there . In my opinion , a shoe of this category should retail more for 250 to 300 dollars . But because it 's Gucci and because it is an iconic original piece , you 'll pay for the name and all the marketing that goes with Gucci . 2 . Thin Sole While some people like the soft construction others want something that 's a little sturdier and especially a sole that will last a little longer . Now that 's a choice that you have to make .
The Crocodile Versions
I think crocodile leather is always nice on loafers whether it 's a penny loafer or a horsebit loafer or even a tassel loafer .
That being said , crocodile leather is always more expensive and if you buy it from another brand , you probably have to pay $ 1200 or $ 1100 . At Gucci it 's $ 2,600 because after all , it 's Gucci .
Is The Gucci Horsebit Loafer Worth It ?
The answer is it depends ! If you want an iconic classic style item that 's like an Eames chair for example , or the Barcelona chair , then yes . You would have to pay extra for the design for the originality . You just have to suck it up .
On the other hand , if you 're interested in classic style , in good quality , and a good value ratio , I do n't think the shoe is worth it simply because you can get two pairs of shoes of similar or better quality for the same price .
If you want a status symbol , the shoe is definitely worth the money because it 's very recognizable and it 's not a garbage quality . It 's a decent quality . You just pay a little more . And if the status is what you want , that 's what you get with this shoe .
Personally , I do n't think it 's worth the money for myself . Simply because I do n't need a status symbol . I look at the quality and the value I get and a black horsebit loafer is just not adaptable to my wardrobe . If it was in brown , I think it would be more versatile for my wardrobe . At the same time , $ 670 for the calf leather and $ 2600 for the crocodile version is simply over-the-top in my opinion .
Gucci Horsebit Loafers Alternatives
You like the look of the horse bit loafer , but you do n't want to spend that much money , which shoes should you buy ? Well , it 's a little difficult because it always depends on your exact budget and what you want , right ? You can go for the Cole Haan version . Alternatively , you can find more expensive versions such as the Verona II from Allen Edmonds which are with a thicker sole but otherwise look very similar . Then you can have something like Jay Butler which is a Mexico made model of the horsebit loafer with a shorter vamp which is more in line with the preppy style .
CONCLUSION
For six hundred seventy dollars , you can have custom horsebit loafers made exactly to your specifications and the colors in the leather with a sublime fit that is superior to an off-the-rack shoe .
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says his cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
× James Fields Jr. appears in court accused of murdering woman at rally
CHARLOTTESVILLE , Va. — A judge on Monday appointed an attorney for James Alex Fields Jr. , the man suspected of killing a woman as he allegedly mowed down a group of counterprotesters at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville .
Fields , 20 , is accused of driving his car into a crowd of people , killing Heather Heyer , a 32-year-old paralegal , who was protesting the “ Unite the Right ” march on Saturday .
Fields is being held on suspicion of second-degree murder , malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death .
The suspect appeared via videolink in front of Judge Robert Downer wearing a black and white jumpsuit and was informed of his charges and rights .
Bond was not set and the judge appointed attorney Charles Weber .
Downer set August 25 as the date for the next hearing , but it is possible there will be a bond hearing before then .
The Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have launched a civil rights investigation into the deadly crash , to be led by US Attorney Rick Mountcastle .
Investigators will be looking into Fields ' alleged motives , and whether there 's enough evidence for a domestic terrorism case .
What do we know about Fields ?
Fields was a man who possessed “ outlandish , very radical beliefs , ” and a “ fondness ” for Adolf Hitler , according to Derek Weimer , who teaches social studies at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union , Kentucky .
“ It was quite clear he had some really extreme views and maybe a little bit of anger behind them , ” Weimer told CNN . “ Feeling , what 's the word I 'm looking for , oppressed or persecuted . He really bought into this white supremacist thing . He was very big into Nazism . He really had a fondness for Adolf Hitler . ”
Principal Mike Wilson said he remembered Fields as a quiet and reserved student who graduated in 2015 . In August of that year , Fields was inducted into the Army but he left active duty in December 2015 . A spokeswoman for the Army said he failed to meet training standards .
“ As a result he was never awarded a military occupational skill nor was he assigned to a unit outside of basic training , ” Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson said .
Fields ' mother , Samantha Bloom , told the Toledo Blade in Ohio , where he lives , that she did n't know her son was going to Virginia for a white nationalist rally . She thought it had something to do with Trump .
She told the Blade she did n't discuss politics with her son . She was surprised her son attended an event with white supremacists .
“ He had an African-American friend , ” she told the Blade .
[ India ] , June 14 ( ANI ) : The Union Home Ministry on Wednesday ordered an internal investigation to find out how the picture of Spain-Morocco border was used in its annual report to show floodlights along the India-Pakistan border .
The picture of the Spain-Morocco border is printed on page 40 of the annual report .
The annual report of last year was tabled during the Budget Session of Parliament in April .
According to reports , Spain and Morocco have a sea between them but there are Spanish conclaves on the north coast of Africa that have a fenced and floodlit border with Morocco . ( ANI )
Chelsea striker Diego Costa is ready to pen a new £57million five-year contract after turning down a big-money move to China . ( The Sun )
Germany goalkeeper Manuel Neuer dismissed speculation linking him to Manchester City , saying that there has been “ no contact ” between himself and former Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola . ( The Independent )
Tottenham defender Danny Rose has snubbed £14.5m-a-year offer from Shanghai SIPG to stay at White Hart Lane and win trophies . ( The Sun )
Atletico Madrid 's highly-rated forward Antoine Griezmann has moved to cool speculation that he is set for a summer switch to Manchester United , admitting that he has ‘ doubts ' about moving the England . ( Daily Mirror )
Out of favour winger Nolito has been warned he needs to improve his performances on the training pitch if he wants to return to first team action at Manchester City . ( Daily Mail )
Jose Mourinho will sit down with Swedish striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic to discuss his Manchester United future this week . ( The Sun )
Manchester United failed with an £84m swoop for Thomas Muller last summer , according to Bayern Munich 's Jan-Christian Dreeson . ( Daily Star )
Chelsea and Tottenham are ready to pounce for Isco after Real Madrid stalled contract talks with the Spanish playmaker until the end of the season . The 24-year-old 's current deal expires at the end of next season . ( The Sun )
West Ham midfielder Mark Noble has opened up on his football future , admitting he can not see himself playing for another club between now and the time he retires from the game . ( Daily Mail )
Manchester United are interested in making a move for Croatian midfielder Milan Badelj after scouting the Fiorentina star earlier this month . ( The Sun )
Tottenham will make another attempt to lure Crystal Palace star Wilfried Zaha to White Hart Lane in the summer . ( Daily Express )
Arsenal , Watford and Lazio are set to battle it out for the signature of teenage Toulouse star Alban Lafont . The highly-rated 18-year-old goalkeeper has been a sensation in Ligue 1 and has caught the eye of several clubs . ( Various )
The government 's to set up a Passenger Information Unit covering information on flights to and from Ireland .
It will collect , process and transfer data in Ireland and other EU member states .
The Justice Minister insists robust data protection safeguards will be built into the legislation needed for the new unit .
Minister Charlie Flanagan outlines the purpose of the initiative :
In the first time in 10 years , Americans report feeling more stress , according to a survey released Wednesday by the American Psychological Association .
Americans rated their stress higher in January compared to last August , increasing from 4.8 to 5.1 on a 10-point scale . What 's more , 57 percent of people polled in January said they were stressed about the current political climate ; 66 percent were stressed about the future of our nation ; and 49 percent were stressed about the outcome of the presidential election .
When the organization asked about the election in their annual poll last August , 52 percent of Americans said the presidential election was a very or somewhat significant source of stress . That inspired the Stress in America team to put together a follow-up survey , which was administered online in January to 1,109 adults aged 18 or older .
In the January survey , both Republicans and Democrats said they are stressed about the nation 's future – at 59 and 76 percent , respectively . People also said that worries about acts of terrorism , police violence towards minorities and general personal safety also are increasing . The number of people stressed about personal safety increased from 29 percent to 34 percent from August to January , the highest percentage since the survey was first conducted in 2008 .
People in rural areas reported less stress , with just 33 percent saying they were very or somewhat stressed about the political changes . Forty-five percent of suburbanites reported stress , as did 62 percent of city dwellers .
Constant access to breaking news on social media , TV and other sources is probably a large contributor to the elevated stress levels , says Lynn Bufka , a psychologist and the APA 's associate executive director for practice research and policy .
`` It 's everywhere — newspapers , social media , even elevators have screens now that push news at you , '' Bufka says , adding that it 's hard to know when to disconnect from the news cycle . `` As consumers , it can be really difficult to know when we have enough information about our world . ''
Uncertainty tends to up the stress , Bufka says . `` Our president has n't held public office before , '' she notes . `` We do n't know what to expect — no matter if we agree or disagree with his policies , we do n't have any way of predicting his style of putting those policies forward . '' That uncertainty , she says , can be a major source of stress regardless of political affiliation .
Sustained stress can increase the risk of serious health problems over a long period of time , Bufka says , including obesity , heart conditions , depression and anxiety . `` Stress can be good and motivating . But when it 's constant and intense , people push , and push , and push , and are usually less productive . And they 're bound to run into health issues in the long run . ''
To cope , Bufka says it 's good to make a point of scheduling a time give your brain a break . Cut off news access and enjoy a hobby instead , like reading a book or exercising . And above all , Bufka says , do n't let an elevated worry level affect your routine . `` Do n't skip your workout , do n't sacrifice sleep . ''
[ India ] Apr 24 ( ANI ) : Up to 43 child labourers from Bihar were rescued in Hyderabad on Tuesday .
As many as 19 child labourers were rescued from a bangle manufacturing firm alone , while 17 were rescued from Secunderabad Railway Station .
After rescuing them , the authorities sent them to Bihar .
`` Today we have sent back 43 child labourers back to Bihar through Danapur Express from Secunderabad Railway Station , '' said Hyderabad Child Protection Officer Imtiaz .
`` We have sent them along with police , child protection unit , and women and child welfare department , '' said Imtiaz . ( ANI )
May 2 General Motors Co :
* GM says announced the deconsolidation of its business in Venezuela , effective as of May 1 , 2017
* Deconsolidation follows the unexpected seizure of GM 's Venezuelan plant on April 18 by judicial authorities
* Deconsolidation of Venezuelan business is expected to result in a charge of up to approximately $ 100 million
* All former employees have since been paid separation benefits as legally required
* Seizure of GM 's Venezuelan plant forced co to `` cease operations and terminate employment relationships due to causes beyond parties ' will ''
* Executives expressed willingness to talk with government officials , union leaders about possiblity to start production , employ some workers with new business model Source text : ( bit.ly/2pBKXPC ) Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Barton County Sheriff 's Office Incident Log ( 5/29 )
Non-Injury Accident
At 5:29 a.m. an accident was reported in the 100 block of NW 130 Avenue in Albert .
Falls
At 9:03 a.m. ambulance assistance was needed at 361 NW 50 Avenue .
Traumatic Injuries
At 12:01 p.m. ambulance assistance was needed at 1400 Main Street .
Great Bend Police Department Incident Log ( 5/29 )
Traumatic Injuries
At 12:49 a.m. EMS assistance was needed at 2619 Gano Street .
Non-Injury Accident
At 10:06 a.m. an accident was reported at 7th Street & Hubbard Street .
Criminal Damage
At 10:26 a.m. a report of damage to a vehicle overnight was made at 3107 Stone Street .
Warrant Arrest
At 1:22 p.m. Zach Dittrich was arrested on two Barton County warrants and aggravated battery DV at 2617 Forest Avenue .
Theft
At 2:52 p.m. a theft was reported at 2205 30th Street .
Traumatic Injuries
At 6:02 p.m. EMS assistance was needed at 1710 Hubbard Street .
K9 Use / Call Out
At 9:54 p.m. Lazar the K-9 was used on a traffic stop at 2334 Main Street .
Abdominal Pain / Problems
At 10:44 p.m. EMS assistance was needed at 424 Maple Street .
Traffic Arrest
At 10:50 p.m. Steven Fortner was arrested for DWS at 10th Street & Madison Street .
K9 Use / Call Out
At 10:55 p.m. Lazar the K-9 was used on a traffic stop at 10th Street & Madison Street .
OLYMPIA , Wash. – The Thurston County Sheriff 's Office and courts on Monday warned about a jury scam that is targeting residents in the county .
“ Scammers are calling and writing people and saying they missed jury duty , ” a county news release said . “ Some of the callers are saying a judge has issued an arrest warrant and using a name of a local judge . They are not court staff or from the Sheriff 's Office — they are trying to steal your money or commit identity theft . ”
The sheriff 's office said the caller will ask for money or personal information like Social Security numbers , birth dates , or bank account information .
“ They may threaten you , say that there is a warrant for your arrest or say that you owe a court fine , ” the sheriff 's office said .
Hang up the phone or ignore the email , the county recommends .
“ Court staff will never ask potential jurors for money or confidential information over the phone , email , or by mail . Do not give money or information to these people . Hang up or ignore the message . Anyone who responded to these scams should report the incident to the police . ”
People have called it the dumbest thing ever heard on radio… Which is why we do it every morning at 6:05 am . It 's Shock Collar Question of the Day ! Answer the trivia question correctly , and you do n't get shocked . But if you get it wrong , you WILL suffer the consequences .
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart ' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a `` smart '' insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage , the companies said on Wednesday .
Today I was privileged to join a very special programme in Bhubaneswar- I met relatives of leading freedom fighters of Odisha . pic.twitter.com/Cr3Fts7V9r April 16 , 2017
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is in Bhubaneshwar , Odisha to attend BJP annual national executive meet . He felicitated freedom fighters families who fought in Paika rebellion and Quit India movement.PM felt privileged to meet the families of freedom fighters from Odisha and he expressed it on Twitter . `` Today , the history was recalled with pride . It is my honour to see the descendants of martyrs . Unfortunately , the long years of freedom movement was confined in few persons and specific period . We should recall the events and contribution of everyone who participated in the freedom struggle , '' said PM Narendra Modi.Later after the felicitation Prime minster in a series of tweets praised the freedom fighters .
Speech to Text for A new lawsuit against Vigo County
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video . Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate .
want a judge to force the issue . news 10 's jon swaner reviewed a stack of recently-filed federal court documents and has more . it 's been well established ... even admitted by county leaders ... that the conditions at the vigo county jail are unconstitutional . but it 's other claims by the inmates ' attorneys in their motion for summary judgement that we find interesting . for instance , the motion claims the county is deliberately indifferent to the fact jail conditions violate inmates ' constitutional rights . conditions also do n't meet the health and welfare needs of inmates . a recent study by r-j-s justice services recommends vigo county build a new jail in excess of 400 beds . but the motion states the county has n't been able to take the necessary steps to make a new jail a reality . to ensure this happens , the inmates are asking a federal judge to declare the jail 's conditions as unconstitution al . from there , they hope the court will order county leaders to appear before a judge providing updates on a new jail 's construction every 30 days until plans are finalized . the inmates also want the county to present to the judge its plan to minimize the unconsitutiona l conditions at the jail . back to you . a terre haute business damaged by fire hopes to
LAWRENCE , Kan. ( AP ) — The University of Kansas did not produce any written reports of an independent examination of its athletics department amid a federal investigation of corruption in college basketball because an external report was n't necessary , Chancellor Douglas Girod said .
The university review came before Kansas was named earlier this month as one of the schools where a former Adidas representative allegedly arranged payments to parents of athletes to ensure the athletes committed to the schools .
Girold said Monday he was given verbal briefings after last fall 's review but he did n't receive any written reports . The university 's review was prompted by an Oct. 11 memo from the NCAA requiring Division I basketball programs to examine their men 's basketball programs “ for possible NCAA rules violations , including violations related to offers , inducements , agents , extra benefits , and other similar issues . ”
On April 13 , Girod said in a statement that he had “ complete confidence ” that the athletics department had followed all rules .
“ We did n't feel the need to release an external report , ” Girod said . “ What we needed to be sure of is that we are comfortable and confident in the way our team operates and in meeting any and every requirement necessary . ”
When The Lawrence Journal-World filed an open records request seeking all written reports related to the review Kansas officials said no such records exist . The newspaper said without a written report it was difficult to determine what the university examined and what methods were used .
Kansas hired an outside law firm but said the firm only provided assistance on technical matters .
Girod said Monday the examination reviewed several records to determine whether there is anything the university should be concerned about and found nothing .
The latest federal indictment in the wider investigation alleges that a former Adidas executive paid a mother and a guardian of two basketball players at least $ 130,000 to ensure they would play for the Jayhawks . No Kansas officials were implicated .
“ We have gone back to look at anything we have access to , and we ca n't find any evidence of that , ” Girod said . “ But we do n't have access to everything . That is all we really can do — make sure that on our side of the house we are doing everything appropriately and properly . ”
A Gladstone 8-year-old is thankful his corner lemonade stand is once again making sales .
Scroll for more content ...
A customer threatened to have it shut down this weekend for not having a permit , but the community came out to show they have the little boy 's back .
`` He wanted this lemonade stand for his birthday , and that 's all he wanted , '' said Jacob 's mom , Gina Martin .
Eight-year-old Jacob Blank 's sweet sips also come with sweet purpose .
`` To get air conditioning back in our car because we have no air conditioner in there , '' Jacob said .
His mom insisted he should use the money for something else , so he 's donating it to a global missionary program through his church .
`` So kids can learn about Jesus , '' Jacob said .
But his tasty success was spoiled by a customer late Friday afternoon .
`` He goes , 'Do you have a permit ? ' I said , 'Excuse me ? ' He said , 'Do you have a permit ? Do you have a health permit , a food handler 's permit ? ' '' Martin said .
His mom sent Jacob inside to sort things out . The customer was n't a city employee but insisted the little boy needed a permit to run his sidewalk store .
`` They said , 'No . Just as customers , we want to know if we get sick off of this who we should go to , ' '' Martin said .
`` Oh whoa ! What 's crazy with them ! Why you want to shut me down ? It 's just lemonade . Come on ! '' Jacob said .
Angry and confused , Martin could n't call city hall since it was after hours , so she took to Facebook to find out if a permit was actually needed . No one had a clear-cut answer .
But the next day , Jacob got the surprise of a lifetime when first responders lined his lemonade stand .
`` I thought it was an emergency somewhere ! '' Jacob said .
There was no trouble , but instead , an overwhelming display of community support .
`` I did not expect to see the whole street covered with the hook and ladder , Clay County Sheriff , Gladstone Police and then Metro Security , ambulance/EMTs , did n't expect to see none of that , '' Martin said .
They even left him with their `` seals of approval . '' For Jacob 's mom , it means the world .
`` People should encourage kids to do more like this and support them , '' she said .
Jacob has a speech disorder , but she 's now seeing that the little lemonade stand and all the success it 's having has boosted his confidence and self-esteem .
`` Thank you for coming by and God bless , '' Jacob said .
Jacob 's planning to keep his lemonade stand open most days this summer , except on Sundays , at 61st and N. Wyandotte streets in Gladstone .
Monday on ABC 's “ The View , ” Sen. Cory Booker ( D-NJ ) said President Donald Trump 's “ vile , vulgar ” Twitter attacks on the intelligence community were bringing down the “ dialogue in our democracy ” to a “ venial , sort of guttural level . ”
Partial transcript as follows :
MCCAIN : Senator , Bob Mueller is a long-time Republican but Trump tweeted that 13 out of the 17 members were registered Democrats . Six of them donated to Hillary Clinton . Do n't you think the optics are difficult ?
BOOKER : I have n't fact-checked that this morning . I heard “ The New York Times ” question that fact . I 've never seen this in any—in business , when I was the mayor . You just do n't see executives heckling and maligning law enforcement the way that this president seems to be comfortable to do . And so for him to be active , this is part of a larger pattern of Donald Trump going after the intelligence agencies , the FBI . This is unacceptable in America .
MCCAIN : You do n't think it 's fair game if there are Democrats that donated to Hillary ?
BOOKER I do n't think it 's fair game for him to be doing what he 's doing , which is trying to undermine the integrity of agencies by doing all this picking at them . This is so un-presidential of him , but more importantly , it 's exactly what the Russians want , us to be going after our sacred institutions , whether they 're the press or the public . What we see right now is a president going after continuously , in a vile , vulgar way , institutions in our country and people who are trying to serve our nation and keep us safe .
MCCAIN : Does it concern you if they 're leaking though ? That 's the accusation right now and even for people like me , obviously I 've always had the upmost respect for the CIA and FBI , but if there 's leaking that 's a problem .
BOOKER : There 's an inspector general report that he could have waited for , let the authorities of the process , let the due process happen . Why is he always on Twitter tormenting people , bullying people in ways that we tell children not to do ? It 's the worst type of behavior , and it 's having a consequence on even the dialogue in our democracy He really brings it down to a venial , sort of guttural level . You saw this with Bush , John McCain is somebody who does this all the time , people elevating the dialogue in our country , talking in a more honorable way . This is a guy that for the year-plus he 's been in office and even before that , he 's demeaning and degrading people , heckling folks and really showing the worst , in my opinion , of American conversation and not trying to bring it up to a higher level .
BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
SAN LUIS | An undersheriff from southern Colorado has been found guilty of 10 felonies in connection with charges that he led illegal wildlife hunts .
The Valley Courier in Alamosa reports Andrew Espinoza was accused by prosecutors of violations including guiding hunters to land where it was illegal for them to hunt . The investigation involved hunters from Indiana and West Virginia .
Espinoza was found guilty by a 12-person jury of illegal sale or purchase of wildlife . The jury found the 41-year-old defendant not guilty of criminal attempt to tamper with evidence and official misconduct .
Espinoza was a Costilla County undersheriff when the investigation into him began in 2014 . He allegedly charged $ 4,500 per hunter .
Sentencing is set for Jan. 26 before state District Judge Pattie Swift .
Rickie Fowler of the U.S. celebrates a birdie on the third hole in final round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta , Georgia , U.S. , April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
Jordan Spieth of the U.S. hits off the seventh tee in final round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta , Georgia , U.S. , April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
AUGUSTA , Georgia Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler were supposed to lead the American charge in the final round of the Masters but the U.S. pair fluffed their lines while Sergio Garcia delivered a storybook ending to the first major of the year .
As Garcia and Justin Rose slugged it out in an all-European duel for the Green Jacket , Spieth shot an error-strewn 75 and Fowler an ugly 76 , extending his wait for a first major title .
Both Americans finished tied for 11th on one under par , eight shots behind Garcia , who beat Rose in a playoff .
Spieth , who finished second , first and second in his first three Masters , was not unhappy with the way he played despite dropping seven shots over the opening 14 holes .
`` I struck the ball well , '' he told reporters . `` Distance control is so key here and I was two yards into the rough so many times today and it makes a huge difference on controlling the distance out of the rough . ''
The 12th hole proved problematic once again for the 23-year-old , who came to grief in spectacular fashion at the same hole while leading the tournament in the final round last year with a quadruple-bogey . He suffered a double bogey at the tricky par three on Sunday .
Spieth , who had birdies on three of his last four holes , was just happy to finish under par .
`` I 'm really happy with the way that we finished off this round to get back to red , '' he said .
`` I did n't feel like I had been doing much wrong and I just look up and it just was n't landing where I thought it would . ''
Spieth did regret the negative impact his performance had on world number eight Fowler , who had started the day just one shot off the lead .
`` I feel bad I went so downhill while Rickie was still in it , because it is tough when you do n't see a ball go in the hole , '' he said .
`` I was his biggest cheerleader , just being really good friends with Rickie . It was tough . ''
Fowler , 28 , was still in contention at five under at the turn but five bogeys on the back nine scuppered his chances .
`` I played nicely on the front . And hit a good shot into 10 , which I rarely do . But every time I chipped it close I missed the putt or I did n't chip it close enough and I 'd still miss the putt , '' said Fowler .
`` It would have been nice to swing a little better , like I have been but that was a little off . I did n't just hit the ball up and down or make the putts I needed to . ''
Matt Kuchar was the highest finishing American , tied for fourth , followed by Kevin Chappell in joint seventh and Ryan Moore in a share of ninth place .
( Editing by Peter Rutherford )
President Donald Trump on Monday continued his Twitter attack on special counsel Robert Mueller , calling the ongoing investigation into Russia 's interference in the 2016 election a “ witch hunt . ”
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) March 19 , 2018
“ A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest ! ” Trump tweeted . He has frequently slammed the probe as a “ witch hunt , ” dismissing it as a frivolous investigation launched by his political enemies seeking to delegitimize his election victory .
Trump lashed out at Mueller 's team over the weekend , as well as former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe , and former FBI Director James Comey , raising fresh speculation that the President could seek to fire Mueller . The White House publicly denied Sunday that Trump would do so .
Trump has previously accused Mueller 's investigative team as being politically biased , pointing to some of the lawyers who have donated to Democrats over the years . Over the weekend , he said the team has “ 13 hardened Democrats , some big Crooked Hillary supporters , and Zero Republicans . ”
Trump spent the weekend alternating between boasting about the Friday night firing of McCabe and fuming about the special counsel 's investigation , sources familiar with how the President spent his time said .
As he phoned his outside advisers and allies , Trump 's growing irritation with Mueller overshadowed his delight over McCabe 's dismissal . Though Trump was pleased that Attorney General Jeff Sessions fired McCabe , a source familiar with his thinking said they are doubtful that this will change his overall frustration with Sessions over his recusal in the Russia investigation .
CNN , citing a person familiar with the matter , reported in January that Trump called for Mueller 's firing last June . Trump has denied calling for the special counsel 's ouster .
Trump 's weekend attack on Mueller came after his personal lawyer , John Dowd , called for an end to the special counsel 's probe into Russian election meddling .
Dowd told CNN he was speaking on his own behalf , although he had earlier told the Daily Beast , which first reported the statement , that he was speaking on behalf of the President . Dowd 's comment was n't authorized by the President , a person close to Trump told CNN .
A A
Community members on Saturday gladly answered one resident 's call to help the homeless , donating dozens of sleeping bags , tents and other items to help the less fortunate survive the winter .
The outdoor equipment drive , organized by the Yakima Herald-Republic and Sunrise Outreach , was the brainchild of former Herald-Republic outdoors editor Scott Sandsberry .
Sandsberry proposed the effort after thinking that many outdoor enthusiasts must have unused cold-weather gear that would benefit the homeless .
Yakima Valley residents stepped up in force .
They brought in about 100 sleeping bags , 25 tents , 25 propane camping grills and 65 small tanks of propane , plus a variety of shoes , knitted hats and other warm clothing items .
Bill Demick of Yakima dropped off a sleeping bag and some warm clothes .
“ If everyone contributes a little bit , I think it will make a big difference for the homeless , and I 'm sure they can use it , ” Demick said .
Selah resident Steve Weaver said he often donates to a local food bank and felt that the equipment drive was another good opportunity to help .
He dropped off some clothing and a few cannisters of propane .
Many of the items were used , but organizers said it was obvious some donors had purchased new items to contribute .
Sandsberry said he had no expectations about how much would be donated , but he was glad to hear about support for the project .
“ It just demonstrates the inner goodness of people , ” Sandsberry said .
Sunrise Outreach , which offers services to the homeless , will pick up the donations on Tuesday and begin distributing them .
For those interested in making a cash donation to Sunrise Outreach , more information is available at www.socyakima.com or 509-225-9310 .
Actor Chris Pratt expressed his gratitude to Jesus Christ during his first public appearance since announcing his separation from his wife , Anna Faris , at the Teen Choice Awards Sunday night .
Pratt , who took home the Choice Sci-Fi Movie Actor Award for his role in this summer 's blockbuster hit Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2 , began his speech with the requisite thank-yous before reiterating his strong belief in his faith .
advertisement
“ I would not be here with the ease and grace I have in my heart without my Lord and savior , Jesus Christ , ” the 38-year-old actor said .
Pratt also made a confession of sorts in his speech , telling the audience in Los Angeles that he was n't entirely truthful with his agent when he was first getting started in the film business early in his career .
“ When I came to Los Angeles , I came from Hawaii and I had all of this blonde hair , and I was tan , and I met an agent because I really wanted to be an actor and get an agent and he said , ‘ Wow , bro , you must surf , ' ” Pratt said . “ And I said , ‘ Yeah . ' And that was the first of many lies I told to get where I am today . ”
The Jurassic World star has been open about his Christian faith in the past .
In February , Pratt said his brother had made him a custom wooden “ pocket dump tray ” inscribed with one of his favorite Bible verses . The verse came from Philippians 4:13 : “ I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me . ”
During Easter last year , Pratt took to social media to share tips on how to erect a cross to celebrate the holiday .
HAPPY EASTER ! A post shared by chris pratt ( @ prattprattpratt ) on Mar 27 , 2016 at 5:57pm PDT
Pratt and his wife , actress Anna Faris , announced their separation on social media this month after eight years of marriage .
“ We tried hard for a long time , and we 're really disappointed , ” the pair wrote in a joint statement . “ Our son has two parents who love him very much and for his sake we want to keep this situation as private as possible moving forward . We still have love for each other , will always cherish our time together and continue to have the deepest respect for one another . ”
Watch Pratt 's full acceptance speech from the Teen Choice Awards above .
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @ dznussbaum
Organized by NDRRMC , Gawad Kalasag is the country 's premier annual awards for outstanding contributions to disaster risk reduction and management
Published 6:52 PM , December 11 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Various local government units were recognized for their outstanding contribution to disaster risk reduction and management at the 19th Gawad Kalasag National Awards held in Pasig City on Monday , December 11 .
The National Disaster Risk Reduction Management Council ( NDRRMC ) , which organizes the annual event , honored 58 local DRR offices for their exemplary work and various groups and individuals for their humanitarian efforts in 2017 .
According to Undersecretary Ricardo Jalad , Office of Civil Defense ( OCD ) administrator and NDRRMC executive director , the Gawad Kalasag is the agency 's way of promoting awareness of the best practices in DRR especially at the local level .
“ We need to sustain this practice in order to attain our goal of zero casualty . The goal of the awards is to promote the localization of DRR because local councils , communities , and schools are on the frontlines of disasters , ” Jalad said in a mix of Filipino and English in his speech at the awarding ceremony .
First place winners took home P100,000 while second place and third place winners received P75,000 and P50,000 , respectively .
“ Congratulations to all awardees of the Gawad Kalasag . Just by merely joining , you are able to help in promoting DRR , ” Jalad said .
Below is the list of first place winners at the 19th Gawad Kalasag Awards :
Best private hospital : Adventist Medical Center in Bacolod
Adventist Medical Center in Bacolod Best local government unit hospital : Hinatuan District Hospital in Surigao del Sur
Hinatuan District Hospital in Surigao del Sur Best national hospital : Mayor Hilarion A. Ramiro , Sr Medical Center in Ozamiz City , Misamis Occidental
Mayor Hilarion A. Ramiro , Sr Medical Center in Ozamiz City , Misamis Occidental Best public school , rural category : Vinzons Pilot High School in Vinzons , Camarines Norte
Vinzons Pilot High School in Vinzons , Camarines Norte Best school , private urban category : Lord 's Hand Academy in Pasig City
Lord 's Hand Academy in Pasig City Best public school , rural category : Vinzons Pilot High School in Vinzons , Camarines Norte
Vinzons Pilot High School in Vinzons , Camarines Norte Best public school , urban category : Raniag High School in Ramon , Isabela
Raniag High School in Ramon , Isabela Best higher educational institution category : University of the Cordilleras in Baguio City
University of the Cordilleras in Baguio City Best early learning center , rural category : Sipitan-Badiang Day Care Center in Guimbal , Iloilo
Sipitan-Badiang Day Care Center in Guimbal , Iloilo Best early learning center , urban category : Barangay 18 Day Care center in Gingoog City , Misamis Oriental
Barangay 18 Day Care center in Gingoog City , Misamis Oriental Best government emergency management services basic search and rescue category : Disaster Assistance Response Team , province of Tarlac
Disaster Assistance Response Team , province of Tarlac Best government emergency management services , fire rescue category : Rescue 922 , Cauayan City , Isabela
Rescue 922 , Cauayan City , Isabela Best volunteer organization category : Amity Volunteer Fire Brigade
Amity Volunteer Fire Brigade Best civil society organization category : Sibog Katawhan Alang sa Paglambo ( SIKAP ) Incorporated
Sibog Katawhan Alang sa Paglambo ( SIKAP ) Incorporated Best people 's organization category : Nagkahiusang Mangingisda sa Hinatuan ( NAMAHIN )
Nagkahiusang Mangingisda sa Hinatuan ( NAMAHIN ) Best barangay DRRM committee , rural category : Barangay Alinguigan 2nd , Ilagan City , Isabela
Barangay Alinguigan 2nd , Ilagan City , Isabela Best barangay DRRM committee , urban category : Barangay Poblacion , Tupi , South Cotabato
Barangay Poblacion , Tupi , South Cotabato Best municipal DRRM council ( 4th-6th class ) category : Municipality of San Gabriel , Province of La Union
Municipality of San Gabriel , Province of La Union Best municipal DRRM council ( 1st-3rd class ) category : Municipality of Hinatuan , Province of Surigao del Sur
Municipality of Hinatuan , Province of Surigao del Sur Best city DRRM council ( Independent/Component ) category : City of Santiago , Province of Isabela
City of Santiago , Province of Isabela Best city DRRM council ( Highly-Urbanized ) category : City of Davao
City of Davao Best provincial DRRM council category : Province of Isabela
Province of Isabela Gawad KALASAG Special Recognition : 1LT Ben Frederick R. Rodriguez ( RES MAC )
1LT Ben Frederick R. Rodriguez ( RES MAC ) Hall of Fame Awards for Best Early Learning Centers-Rural Category : Sipitan-Badiang Day Care Center , Guimbal , Iloilo
Sipitan-Badiang Day Care Center , Guimbal , Iloilo Hall of Fame Awards for Best Schools & Higher Education Institutions-Private School ( Urban ) Category : Lord 's Hand Academy , Pasig City
: Lord 's Hand Academy , Pasig City Hall of Fame Awards for Best Government Emergency Management Services ( GEMS ) -Advance Search and Rescue Category : Rescue 922 , Cauayan City , Isabela
Rescue 922 , Cauayan City , Isabela Hall of Fame Awards for Best Government Emergency Management Services ( GEMS ) -Basic Search and Rescue Category : Disaster Assistance Response Team , Province of Tarlac
Disaster Assistance Response Team , Province of Tarlac Hall of Fame Awards for Best Local DRRM Councils & Committees-Municipal DRRM Council ( 1st – 3rd Class ) Category : Municipality of Hinatuan , Province of Surigao del Sur
Municipality of Hinatuan , Province of Surigao del Sur Hall of Fame Awards for Best Local DRRM Councils & Committees-Provincial DRRM Council Category : Province of Isabela
Province of Isabela Heroic Act award : Jonathan Palen , Steven Sabuero and Kenzo Wahing
– Rappler.com
April 3 IGas Energy Plc :
* All resolutions passed at general meeting and bondholder meetings
* At bondholder meetings resolutions obtained 100 pct of votes in each of secured bonds and unsecured bonds
* As a result , restructuring of co 's secured bonds , fundraising is expected to become effective at 8.00am , April 4 , 2017 upon admission
* Overall net debt is reduced from c. $ 122 million at Dec. 31 , 2016 ( equivalent to c.£100m ) to c. $ 7 million ( equivalent to c.£6 million ) Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 806 749 1136 )
Crews battled a fire that destroyed a house in East Hampton on Saturday morning , according to fire chief Greg Voelker .
Scroll for more content ...
Fire officials said a call came in around 3 a.m. and firefighters were dispatched to a home on Knowles Road .
According to chief Voelker , the fire took roughly 40 minutes to knock down , three children and two adults were able to make it safely out of the home because the fire detectors went off .
The homeowners told Eyewitness News that they 're grateful they made it out .
Voelker said there were n't any fire hydrants near the home where the fire took place and water had to be brought in .
`` We had no hydrants , '' Voelker said . `` We tanked the water in . We were unable to establish a water source so we had to call in tankers from a much larger area than we normally do . ''
The home was built in the 1730s according to fire officials and cause of the fire has not yet been determined .
GREENEVILLE ( WATE ) — Three people , including a child , were airlifted to Johnson City Medical Center after a crash off of Highway 11E on Sunday afternoon .
Tennessee Highway Patrol said the crash happened near Sycamore Drive and Lautner Road . The driver was charged with not having a child restraint and failure to maintain a proper lane .
A pick-up was traveling south on Highway 11E when THP said the driver ran off the road and into a ditch . Troopers said the truck hit a concrete barrier and landed upside down on the vehicle 's roof . The child was not in a car seat and was pinned under the driver 's seat .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BRIGHTON , Mich. -- A Michigan auto dealership posted a sign discouraging people from giving money to a panhandler after managers said they offered him a job – and he turned it down .
A sign displayed on a car at the Honda dealership was created as a public service announcement , according to WDIV .
It reads :
`` Please do not give anything to this panhandler . We offered him a full-time job at $ 10 per hour . He said , ' I make more than any of you , ' and he did not want the job . Please donate to a more worthy cause . ''
Workers at the Honda dealership declined to comment on camera , but there were plenty of comments on social media . The sign and its message went viral .
`` It 's a scam , '' Brighton resident Dan Golem told WDIV . `` People like me , people like you , we 're working trying to provide for our families , and they 're just standing there . ''
Felicia Tubbs , who works at the Shell Gas Station across the street , said she took pizza to the car dealership employees .
`` I do n't like them standing there . No one else does , either . I think it 's great that the dealership put some effort into trying to get rid of them , '' Tubbs told WDIV .
For over a year , she said a duo of panhandlers would stand at the road with signs saying , `` Homeless , please help . '' Drivers knew them and described them as a father and son .
`` At first , you feel bad for them , '' a driver said . `` But then it 's day after day , week after week . ''
Police got involved Tuesday , June 13th , and arrested the pair , according to WDIV .
Tubbs told the station she saw the same men asking for money shortly after the arrest . She said she snapped the picture of the men with a new sign that reads , `` You ca n't afford a one-bedroom apartment on $ 10 per hour . '' The other one reads , `` The median income in Livingston County is $ 70,000 . ''
Michigan State Police troopers said two people were arrested for vagrancy and disorderly conduct . Their names were n't released because they have n't been charged .
The sign at the dealership has been taken down .
[ India ] , June 15 ( ANI ) : Due to heavy rain in the past few days , the Nambul River and Imphal River breached the banks and overflowed near Sagolband Moirang Leirak , Kairang and Chabung Company , Mayang resulted in flooding houses .
The most severely affected area is the Mayang Imphal area and its neighbouring villages .
The retailing wall of the river at Chabung Company near Goddess Wangbren temple was also broken due to the situation .
Many areas in the vicinity of Uripok , Sagolband are also inundated by overflowing water from Nambul as are many parts of the city .
Meanwhile , Mumbai also faced heavy rain last night which has led to waterlogging in Ghatkopar and other areas . Heavy showers have lashed at the Borivali , Kandivali , Andheri , Bandra , Dadar , Worli , Parel and parts of south Mumbai . According to reports , ten incoming flights were also diverted to other airports due to heavy rain . ( ANI )
Scroll for more content ...
Michael Cohen , often described as Trump 's `` fixer , '' `` bagman '' and `` pitbull , '' just fired a warning shot at President Donald Trump . He also sent a message to federal prosecutors , who seem intent on changing his address to a federal correctional facility .
In an interview with ABC News anchor George Stephanopoulos , the wounded Cohen stated he will not be a `` punching bag '' as part of anyone 's `` defense strategy '' and that his prime loyalty is to his `` family . '' His words sounded like the angry rant of a man abandoned and betrayed by Trump , his beloved mentor , patron , and President . The words also implied -- that in the absence of a presidential pardon -- he may `` flip '' and testify against his former boss .
The real question is whether Cohen has anything valuable to trade for a deal with the special counsel , or whether his rambling threats inadvertently reveal that he is holding the `` dead man 's hand '' of aces and eights .
Cohen has always basked in his reputation as the lawyer who was so close to and respected by the President that he was assigned the task of raining legal destruction on Trump 's enemies . And many of Trump 's opponents believe that , because of Cohen 's alleged role as the President 's legal hatchet man , he must know where all the proverbial bodies of the Trump Organization ( and possibly administration ) are buried .
However , Cohen 's recent statement suggests that he has little useful information to trade . People with good information for a prosecutorial deal customarily bargain quietly , using experienced and competent counsel . While Cohen has reportedly hired a very well-respected and experienced defense counsel , former Assistant US Attorney Guy Petrillo , the attorney has yet to formally enter the case . In fact , Petrillo may well be groaning at Cohen 's ham-handed approach to the federal prosecutors and the President .
Furthermore , Robert Mueller has already signaled that he turned the Cohen investigation over to federal prosecutors in the Southern District of New York . This suggests that Cohen 's personal business interests are most likely the focus of the Southern District investigation -- rather than any potential collusion with the Russians .
In his ABC interview , rather than confirming his usefulness to Mueller , Cohen managed to distance himself from involvement in and knowledge of Russian collusion by stating that it was a `` mistake '' and a demonstration of `` poor judgment '' for high-ranking members of the Trump campaign to confer with Russian nationals during the now-infamous Trump Tower meeting .
`` Poor judgment '' would appear to be a subject of special Cohen expertise , given his bumbling $ 130,000 payment of borrowed hush money to Stormy Daniels . The action has resulted in Daniels becoming the most famous adult film star in the world , boosted by her lawyer who has been on television so much he probably has a reasonable shot at replacing Drew Carey on `` The Price is Right . ''
The information Cohen revealed in his interview was also , no doubt , intended as a warning shot across the president 's bow . Throughout the interview , Cohen made statements that placed him at odds with both Trump and his administration . He stated that he `` repudiates '' Russian interference in the American elections , dislikes the term `` witch hunt '' and is n't very fond of Vladimir Putin . He endorsed the `` intelligence agencies '' and the FBI that the President and his supporters suspect of `` deep state '' conspiracies . In other words , Cohen sounded primed to talk to federal prosecutors , unless , of course , he is pardoned by a grateful president for keeping his silence .
Cohen 's anti-Russia sentiments suggest that he would be the last person Trump would consult regarding Russian electoral collusion or obstruction of justice . In fact , the difficulty that Cohen reportedly had in reaching his client , the President , to report that it was necessary to pay a porn star $ 130,000 to ward off the threat of a scandal during the closing weeks of the presidential campaign indicates that Trump had deliberately distanced himself from Cohen to insure `` plausible deniability '' of any Cohen misdeeds . Under the circumstances , Cohen would have little of value to trade with Mueller for leniency .
His only hope is to obtain a presidential pardon . But why would Trump bother , given the layers of `` plausible deniability '' that Cohen himself created to protect the President from allegations of porn star liaisons ? The other problem with an immediate presidential pardon is that the immunity conferred by the pardon would deprive Cohen of his ability to assert the Fifth Amendment in the face of a grand jury subpoena . A subpoenaed witness can only assert the Fifth and remain silent if his testimony could link him to a prosecutable crime . If Cohen had previously been pardoned by the President for all potential crimes under investigation , the law will not permit assertion of the Fifth , because he can not be prosecuted . Ironically , he can only be compelled to testify against the President if he is pardoned by the President .
If , after receiving a pardon , Cohen is forced to testify and commits perjury to protect the President , he could be then prosecuted for that new felony . Should the President choose to grant a second pardon , this time for Cohen 's perjury , he would surely face impeachment by an angry Congress -- just as Richard Nixon did .
Accordingly , the smart move would be to delay pardoning a loyal Cohen , at least until after his trial and conviction when the Mueller grand juries have been disbanded and their investigations concluded . In that scenario , Cohen would never be forced to the witness stand and therefore could never implicate the President . He could then be pardoned by the President , reimbursed for his crushing legal expenses and fade into obscurity .
Whether cooperating with Mueller or hoping that loyalty will be rewarded with a pardon , the road ahead is a rough and perilous one for Cohen .
× BREAKING : Two shot , killed Saturday in dispute on Key Peninsula
PIERCE COUNTY — Two people were murdered Saturday morning during an argument , possibly stemming from drugs and/or domestic violence , sheriff 's officials said .
Just before 3 a.m. , a woman on Key Peninsula called 911 reporting that shots had been fired .
Deputies responded , discovering the two victims , a 35-year-old man and 24-year-old woman , in front of a residence off Whiteman Road KP South .
According to the Pierce County Sheriff 's Department , the lone 27-year-old suspect was taken into custody and booked into Pierce County Jail .
Officials said both the suspect and the victims were known to authorities .
Multiple weapons were recovered from the scene , and initial reports show both the victims and the suspect fired shots .
Deputies said a 2-year-old boy was found inside the victims ' vehicle . He was not hurt and is with family .
This is a developing story and will be updated .
On this weekend 's broadcast of Fox News Channel 's “ Sunday Morning Futures , ” former adviser and Bush deputy chief of staff Karl Rove said if President Donald Trump continued to attack Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R.-KY ) , he would end up handing the U.S. Senate and the leadership role to Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( D-NY ) .
Partial transcript as follows :
BARTIROMO : Let me switch over to what 's going on within his Republican party because this week we saw the president and Mitch McConnell get into it a bit . First you Mitch McConnell saying look , the president 's expectations are excessive . Donald Trump hits back . The president says I have been hearing about repealing and replacing for seven years , get the job done . And all of a sudden now , it is this ditch Mitch idea that the president says if Mitch McConnell ca n't get health care done , then maybe it is time for him to step down . Your thoughts on what took place this week ?
ROVE : Well , if the president continues along this line , he may get Mitch McConnell ousted as majority leader but replaced by Chuck Schumer . Creating a civil war within your own party —Mcconnell commented in front of a group saying the president has If expectations , this is tough work and takes a long time , but frankly , he 's right . The if he had ignored it , this would not have happened . Instead , he launches a barrage at the leader of his own party in the senate . Frankly , it was unfair . Mitch McConnell did everything humanly possible to try and get a vote done in the Senate , and it failed by three votes , by JohnMcCain flipping at the last minute . And , you know , you do n't — when that happens , the president can not condemn his own people . And particularly when he went on and said now i want you to get tax cuts done , healthcare was done and an infrastructure and get it done quickly . The president has yet to lay out his own infrastructure package . This is the week that he is appointing his infrastructure committee , having an event this week to announce the appointment of some of these people . If he has n't even laid out his own package , why does he have any expectation that the congress should immediately pass it ?
BARTIROMO : How should —
ROVE : Look , the president should step back –
BARTIROMO : How should he react ?
ROVE : You know what he ought to say ? First of all , you 've got to be the president . Members of Congress say things about the president of their own party all the time , and most of the time the president ignores it . If he has something to say about it — I was in a White House for seven years in which lots of Republicans said things about the president that I served . What he would do was ignore most of it . If he had something to say about it , he would say it privately and end up having a better understanding and better relationship . A civil war inside the Republican party will hurt the Republicans in the senate in 2018 . After 2018 , all the damage will fall on the head of the president . If he loses control of the Senate how many committees led by partisan Democrats , do you think he 's going to enjoy ? In 2020 , people will say ‘ I 've heard you complain about the Republican Congress not get anything done , but you are the Republican President , and you have n't gotten anything done . ' This is dangerous for the president , very dangerous .
New life could be coming to an old building in downtown Bay St. Louis . The hope is that the renovation will attract even more people to the area .
The Samajwadi Party ( SP ) candidate from Noorpur assembly seat , Naeem-ul-Hasan has taken an over 9,000 votes lead against his nearest BJP rival Avani Singh , a poll official said on Thursday .
Hasan began leading right from the word go during the counting of the postal ballots and has since been increasing the margin against Singh , the widow of the Bharatiya Janata Party legislator Lokendra Pratap Singh .
The SP candidate is supported by the entire opposition , including Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP ) , Rashtriya Lok Dal , Congress and the Aam Aadmi Party .
It was Lokendra Pratap Singh 's death in a road accident in February that had necessitated the bye-elections held on Monday , which saw a 61 per cent voter turnout . As per the Election Commission , the counting in the Noorpur assembly seat in Bijnore district began amid tight security at 8 a.m. and after six rounds of counting Hasan is ahead by 9,242 votes . There are 10 candidates in the fray but the direct contest is between the BJP and SP . If the trends continue , then it would appear that the ruling BJP did not make good of the conventional sympathy wave to win the seat .
MEXICO CITY ( Reuters ) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned Mexico on Friday to pay attention to Russian meddling in elections around the world , following comments from another U.S. official that there were signs of such interference in the country 's presidential race .
Speaking in Mexico City , Tillerson said European counterparts had noticed that Russia had had its fingerprints on a number of elections .
“ We hear this from our European counterparts , ” Tillerson said . “ My advice would be ... pay attention to what 's happening . ”
His comments followed remarks late last year by U.S. National Security Adviser H.R . McMaster , who said there was already evidence of Russian meddling in Mexican elections set for July .
McMaster did not give details of the alleged interference .
Tillerson made no reference to alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election won by President Donald Trump . That involvement included people in Russia buying 3,000 U.S. political ads and placing 80,000 Facebook posts seen by 126 million Americans over two years , Facebook has said .
U.S. Special Counsel Robert Mueller is investigating the allegations of Russian meddling in the U.S. campaign , including whether there was any collusion between Trump 's team and Moscow .
Russia denies that it intervened in the election .
The country led by Vladimir Putin has also been accused of intervening in votes in Italy , Finland , Britain and France , among others .
Mexico holds presidential and congressional elections on July 1 and so far the frontrunner in almost all polls is left-wing former Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador .
An aide to presidential hopeful Jose Antonio Meade , hoping to run for the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) , warned in January that Russia could try to benefit Lopez Obrador .
Lopez Obrador has made light of the allegation and has since taken to wearing a jacket embroidered with the name “ Andres Manuelovich ” .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Thanks for a great 2017 Mummers Parade , Broomall String Band ! Please enjoy these photos and videos from this year 's parade and our archive of your past performances .
Everton full back Seamus Coleman 's long-term injury will act as a further incentive for the squad ahead of the Saturday 's Premier League derby against Liverpool , club captain Phil Jagielka has said .
Coleman , who could be out of action for up to a year , underwent surgery on Saturday following a double leg fracture suffered during international duty with Ireland last week .
Jagielka is hoping the team will be able to speak with Coleman , scheduled to be released from hospital later on Wednesday , ahead of the Merseyside derby and a visit to Manchester United three days later .
`` There are two massive games coming up and that 's one thing Seamus will want us to do , to play well and get some good results , '' Jagielka told the club website .
`` There 'll be no incentive needed but the circumstances over the last few days might add a bit of a motivational edge on our behalf .
`` We want to go out there and play well and it will be nice if we can all get to speak to Seamus beforehand . ''
Everton , who are seventh in the league , last won at Anfield in 1999 , while their last victory at Old Trafford came in 2013 . Both Liverpool and Manchester United have lost just once at home in the league this season .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru )
April 10 Mdxhealth SA :
* New study shows MDxHealth 's SelectMDx test is cost-effective for biopsy selection
* Says its SelectMDx for prostate cancer test can reduce overdiagnosis and overtreatment of men at risk of prostate cancer versus psa testing alone Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
JAMESTOWN – Mechanicsburg defeated Greeneview , 4-3 , in OHC baseball on Monday . The Tribe was able to break a 3-3 tie with a run in the top of the fifth .
Abrahm Shelton went 2-for-4 with a double and an RBI for the Indians ( 9-3 ) . Dylan Hartman got the win , allowing two hits over four and two-thirds innings with three strikeouts .
The Indians host Triad today .
M'burg softball wins
JAMESTOWN – Mechanicsburg beat Greeneview , 7-3 , in OHC softball on Monday .
For the Indians , Kasey Schipfer was 2-for-4 , Francys King was 2-for-3 with 2 RBI , Ceci Link was 2-for-4 , Mary Mayo was 2-for-3 with an RBI , Meagan Hux was 2-for-2 with an RBI , Miranda Lauchard was 2-for-4 RBI and Elysha Stapleton earned the win .
On Saturday , Mechanicsburg lost to Indian Lake , 5-3 , and Riverside , 7-2 , in a pair of non-league softball games .
Against the Lakers , Kasey Schipfer was 3-for-4 , Francys King was 2-for-3 , Ceci Link was 2-for-3 with a double and an RBI and Mary Mayo was 2-for-4 with a double .
Against the Pirates , Miranda Lauchard was 2-for-3 with an RBI , Ceci Link was 2-for-4 and Jessica Maddux hit a home run .
Mechanicsburg ( 3-7 , 3-4 ) hosts Triad today .
Graham softball falters
SPRINGFIELD – Graham lost to Northwestern , 2-1 , in CBC softball on Monday .
Madison Bryant gave up only a single hit , but four errors by the Graham defense cost it the game , allowing the Warriors to score two unearned runs . Bryant struck out nine batters in the loss .
Alli Neeld was 2-for-3 , Bryant was 1-for-3 with an RBI triple , Ashton Curnutte was 1-for-3 and Skylar Doroda was 1-for-3 for GHS .
Graham ( 11-2 , 6-1 ) hosts Northwestern today .
Triad softball prevails
CEDARVILLE – Triad defeated Cedarville , 13-0 , in five innings on Monday in OHC softball .
For the Cardinals , Ali Dixon was 2-for-2 with a triple and a home run , Madison Dolby had a home run and Abby Ehrenborg had a homer .
Triad ( 8-7 , 5-2 ) plays at Mechanicsburg today .
In jayvee action , Triad downed Riverside , 13-3 , in 5 innings . Sidney Louck was the winning pitcher with 5 strikeouts . Kayleigh Boldman went 2 for 2 with 1 RBI . Sidney Louck went 2 for 3 with 3 RBI and Anna Nott went 2 for 2 with 2 RBI .
Triad is 2-5 overall and 1-1 in the OHC .
Triad baseball wins
CEDARVILLE – Triad defeated Cedarville , 16-0 , in five innings of OHC baseball on Monday .
Briley Harlan was 3-for-4 with 3 RBI , Shane Ford was 1-for-4 with 3 RBI , Dustin Bruce was 2-for-3 with 3 RBI , Noah Unger was 3-for-4 with 2 RBI and Alec Ober was 1-for-2 for the Cardinals .
Triad ( 10-1 ) plays at Mechanicsburg today .
WL-S baseball falls
Southeastern beat WL-S , 2-1 , in OHC baseball on Monday . WL-S 's Tyler Louden pitched 6 innings , struck out 7 and surrendered 2 runs , both earned . Thomas Allen led the Tigers with three hits in three at-bats .
In jayvee action , WL-S lost to Southeastern , 12-10 . Jacob Vanhorn suffered the loss with 4 strikeouts .
WL-S softball wins
WL-S downed Southeastern , 6-3 , in OHC softball on Monday . Kelsey Day was the winning pitcher with 6 strikeouts .
For the Tigers , Kenedie Cox was 3-for-3 , Olivia Ames was 2-for-3 with a triple and an RBI , Kelsey Day was 2-for-2 with two doubles and 2 RBI and Kiana Reames was 2-for-3 with a solo homer .
WL-S plays at Fairbanks today .
Urbana baseball loses
Kenton Ridge defeated Urbana , 10-4 , in CBC baseball on Monday .
Kaleb Bowdle was 2-for-4 with a double and an RBI for Urbana .
Urbana ( 5-7 ) plays at Kenton Ridge today .
UHS tennis wins
The Urbana boys tennis team downed Xenia Christian , 5-0 , in non-league boys tennis on Monday .
At first singles , Bailey Ullah beat Morgan Bryant , 6-0 , 6-2 .
At second singles , Trevor Johnson beat Jacob Black , 6-2 , 6-2 .
At third singles , Abe Angles won by forfeit .
At first doubles , Cole Headlee and Ethan Burnside beat Lucas Meikirk and Madelyn Lewis , 6-0 , 6-2 .
At second doubles , Alex Swank and Ethan Headlee won by forfeit .
Urbana ( 8-5 ) hosts Tecumseh today .
Urbana 's Trevor Johnson ( pictured ) serves against Xenia Christian 's Jacob Black on Monday . http : //urbanacitizen.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_UHSsecondsingle041717.jpg Urbana 's Trevor Johnson ( pictured ) serves against Xenia Christian 's Jacob Black on Monday . Graham 's Kaitlin Trace ( pictured ) works to get over the bar during Monday 's high jump competition at Urbana . http : //urbanacitizen.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_KaitlinTrace041717.jpg Graham 's Kaitlin Trace ( pictured ) works to get over the bar during Monday 's high jump competition at Urbana .
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON , June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis .
Amber Rose feared she would n't feel `` sexy anymore '' after her breast reduction surgery .
The 34-year-old model underwent a three-and-a-half operation in January to go from a 36H to a 36DDD cup size in a bid to ease her chronic back pain which was caused by her mammoth mammaries .
Now , Amber has opened up about why she went under the knife , and admits she contemplated having the procedure for around three years because she was worried about the impact it would have her self-confidence .
In an interview with PEOPLE , she said : `` I was scared that I would n't feel sexy anymore , but it got to the point where I literally was in pain . It was almost as if I had like a heavy backpack on my chest .
`` They were n't implants or anything like that and so , my back was hurting me . There were times I would just walk and just stop and be like ... it would kill me . And , so , at that point , I was like , this is more of like a health issue , where I have to get this done . ''
Amber also revealed that her larges boobs also affected her ability to exercise and caused a variety of difficulties when she was dancing with Maksim Chmerkovskiy on 'Dancing with the Stars ' in 2016 .
She explained : `` My boobs slowed me down . And , my partner , Maks , would be like , 'Come on ! Hurry up , faster , faster , faster . ' And , I 'm like , 'Dude , I ca n't go any faster ! I 'm like in pain . I literally can not move that fast . ' ''
Amber - who has five-year-old son Sebastian with her ex-husband , rapper Wiz Khalifa - started to get her large boobs when she was just 14 and she quickly noticed her chest was much bigger than her peers who were also going through puberty .
She said : `` I got my boobs when I was 14 , but I would say , over the years , as my weight fluctuated , my boobs fluctuated . And , so , after I had my son , I mean , my boobs , they got bigger . They got way , way bigger . They definitely made me look older when I was a teenager , and also , I felt it made me look heavier as well because they were so big . ''
The Vikings announced that along with Randy Moss , wide receiver Ahmad Rashad will also be inducted into the team 's Ring of Honor in 2017 .
Rashad played for the Vikings from 1976-82 and made four-straight Pro Bowls from 1978-81 . In his time with the Vikings , he finished with 400 receptions ( sixth in team history ) for 5,489 yards ( seventh ) and 34 touchdowns ( fifth ) . His best season came in 1979 when he finished with 80 catches for 1,156 yards and nine touchdowns .
“ I 'm a firm believer that you do your work and whatever happens , happen , ” Rashad said on Wednesday after making the team . “ You ca n't sit around and tell people how good you were , how bad you were or whatever it is . You do what you do and let other people make that decision . I 'm hoping that one day I would make it . ”
Most think of Rashad for his work as an NBA analyst and personality , but football came first for him . To think that Rashad excelled at so many things after his football career is pretty remarkable .
SEOUL U.S. President Donald Trump 's top security adviser agreed in a telephone call to proceed with the deployment of an advanced U.S. missile defence system , known as THAAD , as planned , South Korea 's presidential office said on Thursday .
U.S. National Security Adviser H.R . McMaster spoke to his South Korean counterpart on Thursday morning to discuss North Korea 's latest missile launch and a summit between the U.S and Chinese leaders , according to South Korean officials .
North Korea test-fired a missile into its eastern waters on Wednesday , the day before the China-U.S. summit is to begin .
( Reporting by Ju-min Park ; Editing by Paul Tait )
[ India ] , December 11 ( ANI ) : Cases have been registered against two karate coaches of a government college in Harda district of Madhya Pradesh over a molestation complaint filed by two college students .
The police has arrested one of the coaches , while the other one is absconding .
`` Two cases have been registered in Harda police station against both the accused on the complaint of the girls under molestation case . The police has arrested an accused Yusuf Mansuri . The search for another accused Nilesh Sen is on , '' Harda Superintendent of Police ( SP ) Rajesh Kumar Singh said .
The students alleged that one of the accused , Yusuf Mansuri , allegedly molested them , while the other named Nilesh Sen had made a video of them in the changing room . Mansuri had allegedly threatened the girls of leaking the video if they told anyone about it . The victim students also demanded the removal of Nilesh Sen by applying to the principal of the college a week ago with other girls . However , principal Vijay Agarwal did not remove or take any action against Sen so far . ( ANI )
Speech to Text for Pet Saver Feb 2nd
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video .
shots dewormed neutered parke vermillion humane society 492-3540 [ f2 ] weather recap-3shot sunshine for the afternoon will turn into clouds for the shots dewormed neutered parke vermillion humane society 492-3540 [ f2 ] weather recap-3shot sunshine for the afternoon will turn into clouds for the night . low at 18. then mainly cloudy tomorrow during the day . a high in the low 40s . there 's a slight chance for snow late tomorrow night , lows at 30. chances increase on sunday . minor accumulations may be possible . that 's it .. for `` news 10 at midday '' . will turn into clouds for the night . low at 18. then mainly cloudy tomorrow during the day . a high in the low 40s . there 's a slight chance for snow late tomorrow night , lows
Jared Leto is tired of people talking about the lengths he goes to when preparing for roles .
The Thirty Seconds to Mars frontman stars as bad guy Niander Wallace in Blade Runner 2049 , where he opted to wear contact lenses that made him completely blind — just like his character . But after rumors swirled around his antics while getting into character as the Joker for Suicide Squad last year , the Oscar winner is ready to stop talking about his method acting .
“ I should just never talk about it because I 'm not doing it to talk about it — I 'm doing it for me , ” Leto , 45 , tells PEOPLE in the latest issue . “ One basic response I have is , ‘ I 'll work the way I wan na work , you work the way you want to work . You do n't like it , you can kiss my ass . ' “
The actor says he understands it 's “ titillating ” for people to talk about his method , but stresses that some stories have been taken out of context , turning a harmless activity into something more sinister . He recently lashed out against reports that he had gifted his Suicide Squad costars used condoms on set .
RELATED : Jared Leto : My Arrests Led Me to Acting
When it came time for the highly anticipated Blade Runner sequel , Leto decided to once again immerse himself — though he says it 's for a more simple reason than most think .
“ If I was a better actor then maybe I would n't have done it ! I would 've pretended — I would 've acted , ” the actor says before laughing . “ I always try to act as little as possible , so whatever I can do to make a stronger reality for myself I generally try to do it . ”
Leto would put the lenses on before even getting to set , meaning he never laid eyes on any of his costars — including Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford . But when it came time to learn how to accurately portray a blind person , Leto turned to a special teacher .
“ I had a young man named Chris in Los Angeles who lost his sight at a very young age and he was my teacher , ” Leto says . “ We actually modeled Niander 's eyes after Chris 's eyes , though Chris 's eyes are even more brilliant . ”
Blade Runner 2049 is now out in theaters .
[ India ] , Dec 11 ( ANI ) : Union Health Minister J.P. Nadda on Monday said that the Government is committed towards advancing the agenda of Universal Health Coverage in the country and have therefore rolled out various initiatives to meet this aim .
The Union Health Minister and Minister of State for Finance , S.P . Shukla at a function to observe Universal Health Coverage Day , 2017 today launched `` LaQshya| ? ? ? ? ? ? '' - Labour Room Quality Improvement Initiative , a safe delivery mobile application for health workers who manage normal and complicated deliveries in the peripheral areas , and also released the operational guidelines for Obstetric High Dependency Units ( HDUs ) and Intensive Care Units ( ICUs ) .
Addressing the participants , Nadda stated that this year is significant as the National Health Policy 2017 has been approved which envisages the attainment of the highest possible level of health without anyone having to face financial hardship as a consequence .
The Government has taken concrete steps to reduce the Out Of Pocket Expenditure ( OOPE ) , he added .
Mission Indradhanush , one of the largest global public health initiatives was launced in 2014 . In its four phases till date , MI has successfully reached over 25 million children in over 528 districts .
`` We are also focussed on increasing the basket of vaccines . Since 2014 , we have launched Rotavirus vaccine , Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine ( PCV ) , and the Measles-Rubella ( MR ) vaccine , and also the JE vaccine for adults , '' he said .
`` The Pradhan Mantri Dialysis Program has also been launched where 1.43 lakhs patients have availed free services from 1,069 Dialysis Units and under Free Drugs and Diagnostics Program ; AMRIT outlets nearly 47 Lakh patients have benefitted from AMRIT Pharmacies through purchase of subsidized medicines '' , he added .
Nadda also informed that to provide comprehensive primary care , the Government has announced transforming 1.5 lakh sub health centres to health and wellness centres .
`` The Ministry is now moving towards provision of comprehensive primary care through the Health and Wellness Centres '' , he said .
He further stated that in a step towards provision of comprehensive primary care , the Government has initiated universal screening of common NCDs such as diabetes , hypertension and common cancers at the sub-centre and primary health centre .
`` This will enable the strengthening of preventive and promotive health , improve patient referral and access to secondary care services , '' he said .
The Union Health Minister also averred that the Government has been at the forefront to strengthen the tertiary care and as such six new AIIMS are functioning and six will come up in due course .
Reiterating the commitment of the Government towards Universal Health Coverage , Minister of State for Finance , S.P . Shukla , who is also present at the event stated that the Government is committed to providing the resources for achieving Universal Health coverage .
He further said that the Government has increased the budget of the Health Ministry for 2017-18 by 27.7 percent .
`` The Government has also through the 14th Finance Commission increased devolution from 32 percent to 42percent of divisible pool - an increase estimated at Rs . 25 lakh crore over award period to provide States with greater flexibility and autonomy to design , implement and finance schemes , '' MoS Shukla said . ( ANI )
“ Wake Up ” because Arcade Fire is coming to the Mandalay Bay Events Center on Sunday , October 22nd . Listen all week to X107.5 for your chance to win a pair of tickets to see them perform their hits live , including “ Neighborhood , ” “ Ready to Start ” and songs from their newest album “ Everything Now. ” But “ I Give You Power ” to go to AXS.COM to buy tickets now ! !
White House tweets draw ire over their political content
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Winslow Townson , AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 FILe - In this June 30 , 2018 , file photo , Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Mass. , speaks during a Rally Against Separation in Boston . The White House is using its official Twitter handle to target Democratic lawmakers who have criticized President Donald Trump 's immigration policies , drawing complaints that government resources are being used to undercut potential 2020 rivals . The White House handle falsely accused California Sen. Kamala Harris on Monday of `` supporting the animals of MS-13 '' and erroneously said Warren was `` supporting criminals moving weapons , drugs , and victims '' over the border . less FILe - In this June 30 , 2018 , file photo , Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Mass. , speaks during a Rally Against Separation in Boston . The White House is using its official Twitter handle to target Democratic lawmakers ... more Photo : Winslow Townson , AP Image 2 of 3 Files - In this May 23 , 2018 , file photo , Sen. Kamala Harris , D-Calif. , joins an women 's advocacy group , MomsRising , to protest against threats by President Donald Trump against Central American asylum-seekers to separate children from their parents along the southwest border to deter migrants from crossing into the United States , at the Capitol in Washington . The White House is using its official Twitter handle to target Democratic lawmakers who have criticized President Donald Trump 's immigration policies , drawing complaints that government resources are being used to undercut potential 2020 rivals . The White House handle falsely accused Harris on July 2 of `` supporting the animals of MS-13 '' and erroneously said Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren was `` supporting criminals moving weapons , drugs , and victims '' over the border . less FILE - In this May 23 , 2018 , file photo , Sen. Kamala Harris , D-Calif. , joins an women 's advocacy group , MomsRising , to protest against threats by President Donald Trump against Central American asylum-seekers ... more Photo : J. Scott Applewhite , AP Image 3 of 3 White House tweets draw ire over their political content 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The White House is using its official Twitter handle to target Democratic lawmakers who have criticized President Donald Trump 's immigration policies , drawing complaints that government resources are being used to undercut potential 2020 presidential rivals .
The White House Twitter handle , which has more than 17.3 million followers , falsely accused California Sen. Kamala Harris on Monday of `` supporting the animals of MS-13 , '' a violent gang that the president has sought to eradicate .
In a separate tweet , the White House account erroneously asserted Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren was `` supporting criminals moving weapons , drugs , and victims '' across the border .
Watchdog groups said the use of the Twitter handle did n't appear to violate any government laws but represented a politicization of the social media accounts at a time when Republicans and Democrats are engaged in a vigorous debate over the nation 's immigration laws and the separation of migrant children from their families at the U.S.-Mexican border .
Responding on Twitter , Harris pointed to her work as a prosecutor who `` went after gangs and transnational criminal organizations . That 's being a leader on public safety . What is not , is ripping babies from their mothers . '' Warren assailed Trump 's immigration policies during a rally last Saturday , saying Trump seemed to think `` the only way to have immigration rules is to rip parents from their families , is to treat rape victims and refugees like terrorists and to put children in cages . This is ugly . This is wrong . ''
The White House Twitter account is separate from Trump 's personal account , which has more than 53 million followers and is used daily by the president . The White House account is similar to Trump 's official presidential account , @ POTUS , and tweets from the three accounts are preserved under the Presidential Records Act .
In separate tweets on Tuesday , the @ WhiteHouse account tweeted at Democratic Rep. Mark Pocan of Wisconsin , accusing him of supporting human smuggling , and Democratic Rep. Earl Blumenauer of Oregon , claiming he was protecting drug smugglers . The two lawmakers recently proposed legislation to abolish Immigration and Customs Enforcement , or ICE .
Pocan responded that if Trump `` truly cared about victims of human trafficking , he would put an end to his ongoing assault on immigrants . '' Blumenauer said in a statement , `` Before tweeting , they should reunite the families they needlessly tore apart . Even people at ICE understand significant changes need to be made . ''
The White House did not immediately respond to the lawmakers , but officials pointed to a June 2015 tweet issued by the White House account during President Barack Obama 's second term . The tweet was directed against the Twitter handle of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Ky. , taking issue with his characterization of the `` Obamacare '' law as a broken promise .
Government ethics experts said the White House tweets did not appear to be violations of the Hatch Act , which prohibits federal employees from engaging in political activity on the job . `` It may be a violation of ethical norms or civility , but not the Hatch Act , '' said Jordan Libowitz , a spokesman for Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington .
