The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Former Villa manager Tim Sherwood has left Swindon Town after their relegation to League Two .
Swindon chairman Lee Power confirmed the Sherwood 's departure as director of football after unveiling David Flitcroft as the Robins ' new manager .
Sherwood arrived at Swindon in November to oversee transfer activity however Swindon won just seven of their 31 games after his appointment and slipped out of League One .
Flitcroft replaces head coach Luke Williams who left at the end of the season little more than a year into a five year contract .
Swindon are now expected to switch to a more traditional method of recruitment .
Sherwood , who had stepped back from his involvement in Swindon 's first team , spent six months at the County Ground .
He also spent eight months at Villa Park where at the end of his first season he guided Villa to the FA Cup final for the first time in 16 years .
However , he was sacked in October 2015 having won ten of his 28 games in charge but having been hamstrung by the club 's disastrous transfer policy .
Green Bay Packers running back Ty Montgomery ( 88 ) is tackled by Dallas Cowboys outside linebacker Sean Lee ( 50 ) during the first quarter at AT & T Stadium in Arlington , Texas , Sunday , Jan. 15 , 2017 . ( Jae S. Lee/The Dallas Morning News ) ORG XMIT : DMN1701151659403753
Green Bay also listed seven players as questionable and ruled out linebacker Joe Thomas ( ankle ) . Cowboys linebacker Sean Lee , who strained his hamstring , is also unlikely to play ahead of the bye week though Dallas listed him as questionable . Here 's the full report :
Montgomery suffered broken ribs in the Packers ' Thursday night Week 4 game vs. Chicago , practicing some this week with heavy protection around his ribs but not working through team period of practice Thursday . The Packers were off on Friday .
Update , Friday 3:28 p.m. : The Packers officially listed running back Ty Montgomery , a St. Marks product , as doubtful for the Dallas-Green Bay matchup on Sunday afternoon .
Original story , Wednesday night :
FRISCO -- In January , it was Packers wide receiver Jordy Nelson who suffered broken ribs and remained questionable leading up to Dallas ' NFC divisional-round matchup with Green Bay .
Nelson did n't play , instead returning for the NFC Championship Game the following week with a protective vest .
This week , it 's Packers running back Ty Montgomery - a local product out of St. Marks - whom the Cowboys do n't know if they 'll see . Like Nelson in January , Montgomery suffered multiple broken ribs vs. Chicago on his first carry last Thursday when Bears linebacker Danny Trevathan 's knees went into his left side and DL Akiem Hicks landed atop Trevathan .
Montgomery remains questionable to play against the Cowboys . He was limited on Wednesday 's practice report , and wearing significant protection around his ribs , ESPN 's Rob Demovsky reported .
What difference would it make to the Cowboys ?
`` I hate to say stuff like I do n't want someone to play . I do n't like to wish things like that on people , '' veteran linebacker Justin Durant said Wednesday . `` But he 's , he 's a threat - definitely a threat . ''
Durant was on the field against Green Bay in January when Montgomery came up big with two touchdowns on 11 carries in the Packers ' 35-32 win to eliminate the Cowboys .
`` It would be better for us if he 's not playing of course . I hope he gets better , maybe not this week but next week . ''
The Cowboys defense has struggled against the run this season , allowing 107.5 rushing yards per game ( 16th in the league ) including 168 to the Rams in Sunday 's 35-30 loss at home . Running back Todd Gurley torched Dallas for 215 total yards ( 121 on the ground ) and a touchdown .
Green Bay quarterback Aaron Rodgers said the Packers offense changes `` maybe a little '' without Montgomery but not much . Rookie running back Aaron Jones filled in after Montgomery went down vs. Chicago , rushing for 49 yards and a touchdown on 11 carries . But Montgomery 's role as a running back - the position Green Bay converted him to after Dallas ' 30-16 win at Lambeau Field on Oct. 16 of last year - is still developing , Rodgers said .
My charter boat , WaveWalker , ran easily across the Santa Barbara Channel on flat , glassy seas , enjoying sightings of whales and common dolphins along our course .
We approached the tall bluff west end of Santa Cruz Island and began rounding Frazer Point , where the water seems nervous because currents and seas run in opposite directions and the reef zones channel flows and create eddies that can force a huge wave to climb unexpectedly out of the water . We call them “ rogue waves , ” and this area is where they are spawned with some frequency .
This wary skipper is at my most vigilant when traversing this area we call the “ Potato Patch . ”
On this day we rounded Frazer Point without incident and came into view of the wide expanse of Christy 's Cove . The wild scene caused me to whistle softly in pleasant surprise . It seemed the entire food chain was crammed into Christy 's Cove . Several species of porpoise , including Risso , foraged throughout the area alongside small whales , sea lions , seals and enough seabirds to make one think Alfred Hitchcock might have been right about the birds .
As I cruised in among the melee , my sonar screen showed the reason . It lit up with thick squid signals . It was a major squid spawn . I saw six light boats lined up at anchor , and the last of the squid seiners was just leaving . It had been a busy night for the squid fleet . Interestingly , not a single fishing boat was in sight and we had the place to ourselves to target white seabass and halibut . Later , we moved in tight to the boiler rocks to catch and release big fiesty calico bass .
Such scenes are not all that rare . We have managed our resources to healthy stocks , and we are enjoying the thriving ocean full of life . Do not be influenced by people who seek grant money or donations and need to claim that the sky is falling and the seas are dead and we need to create no-take zones . Those are business people with their own interests in mind .
Our professional fisheries managers have carefully and painstakingly managed our fisheries back to health with good tried-and-true management practices , not by creating Marine Protected Areas , which cause socioeconomic damage and skew public perception about the abundance of life in the sea .
— Capt . David Bacon operates WaveWalker Charters and is president of SOFTIN Inc. , a nonprofit organization providing seafaring opportunities for those in need . Visit softininc.blogspot.com to learn more about the organization and how you can help . Click here to read previous columns . The opinions expressed are his own .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Piers Morgan has gone into social media meltdown over a lewd picture of himself with American President Donald Trump claiming the BBC had broadcast a “ homophobic ” cartoon .
The picture , which was shown on BBC Two 's Daily Mash report on Thursday night , has n't gone down well with the Good Morning Britain presenter . He was granted the first international broadcast interview with the US president last week .
The cartoon image portrayed Piers putting his face on Donald Trump 's bottom .
He took to Twitter and posted : “ So we ca n't have # gridgirls or # walkongirls because the imagery is ‘ demeaning ' .
But the publicly-funded BBC can broadcast this about 2 men ? ”
He then tweeted : “ Amusing though this image may be to many people , can you imagine the BBC broadcasting it if the President was Hillary Clinton or the interviewer was a woman ?
“ The BBC thinks this is OK to broadcast . But if it depicted high profile women , there would be outrage . Why the double standard ? ''
The Trump/Morgan interview divided audiences , with some congratulating him on forcing an apology from the president for retweeting Britain First , while others mocked Mr Morgan .
Comedian Rufus Hound tweeted : “ Bless you for trying . Classic tabloid move . False equivalency .
“ There is no equivalent to this . You , a millionaire , middle-aged white man spent twenty minutes fluffing a foolish , racist billionaire on international television .
“ We are laughing at you . Specifically at you . ”
( Image : ITV )
Meanwhile feminist author and journalist Jennifer Wright wrote : “ I hate agreeing with Piers Morgan , and I think he is a revolting toady , but ... posting pictures of men engaging in sexual acts with other men to demean them seems dated and unfortunate .
“ There are ways to convey this point without the ‘ ha ha gay ' overtones at work here . ”
Lord Alan Sugar , who has had open Twitter spats with Morgan before , found it highly amusing and tweeted : “ I am going to ask my people to get me a blown up framed version of this picture for my office . To me it says it all . ”
Derby County defender Curtis Davies has been reflecting on his time with the Rams so far , admitting that he expected to be higher in the table than they currently are .
Rams midfielder Joe Ledley has talked about how he kept himself fit over the summer , whilst looking for a new club .
The Championship players and manager if the month winners have been revealed , here is the full list .
Rams striker Chris Martin '' s recent form for club and country could prove to be a timely boost for the Rams , says Steve Nicholson .
The forward came off the bench to score the winning goal in Scotland 's 1-0 victory over Slovakia . Here is what the striker had to say about the win .
Scotland fans have also been reacting to the Martin 's impact on Thursday night 's win , here is what they 've been saying .
Owen Bradley has announced that he is to leave his current role at BBC Radio Derby , and is taking on a new role at Derby County .
Derby County are looking to expand their global brand by improving their brand in China .
Rams youngster Luke Thomas has been nominated for the Premier league 2 Play of the Month , after a string of impressive performances in September .
Her performance was top notch — and so was her outfit .
Serena Williams is bringing her A game in every way ! At the 2018 French Open , the tennis superstar scored her first major win since giving birth to her daughter , Alexis Olympia Ohanian , nine months ago .
The tennis pro\ 's athletic display and fashion savvy were a winning combination . EPA
`` I feel like a warrior in it , like a warrior princess , '' Williams said during a press conference , adding that she felt like a queen from Wakanda , the fictional nation in the movie `` Black Panther . ''
`` I 've always wanted to be a superhero , '' Williams said . `` It 's kind of my way of being a superhero . ''
Besides making her feel amazing , Williams ' outfit choice was also meant to inspire other new moms , especially ones who have also suffered post-pregnancy health issues .
It\ 's Williams\ ' first major championship since she gave birth to her daughter last year . Reuters
`` For all the moms out there who had a tough recovery from pregnancy — here you go . If I can do it , so can you ! '' she wrote on Instagram .
Williams , 36 , is serving up a lot of empowerment ; and we love it .
Williams suffered from dangerous blood clots and other complications after giving birth , forcing her to stay in bed for weeks .
Her bodysuit , in addition to inspiring other women , helps the professional athlete with her medical condition .
`` I 've been wearing pants in general a lot when I play so I can keep the blood circulation going , '' Williams told reporters . `` So it 's a fun suit but it 's also functional , so I can be able to play without any problems . ''
Williams in action AFP/Getty Images
Fans loved everything about Williams ' fierce catsuit and the empowering message it conveyed .
`` Love you so much , Serena , '' one fan wrote . `` Thank you for shining your light and representing mothers regardless of their 'snapback ' . You look incredible . ''
Plenty of fans are hoping that the three-time French Open champion will win big again this year .
In the meantime , Williams is killing it on the court with her incredible talent and `` warrior princess '' style .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An independently owned coffee chain is to ban all disposable coffee cups in a bid to tackle plastic waste .
Boston Tea Party is asking customers to make the move to reusable cups , either by bringing their own , taking advantage of a cup loan scheme or buying one in store .
The company has 21 cafes across the South West and the Midlands - including shops on Corporation Street in the city centre , Harborne and Edgbaston .
The new scheme is set to bring in the ban on June 1 .
Around 2.5 billion disposable coffee cups are thrown away each year in the UK and 99.75 % are not recycled .
Sam Roberts , owner and MD of BTP saids “ Lots of coffee chains are making pledges about how they plan to tackle cup waste in the future .
`` But theirs is a future which is too far away . We need to stop right now . I 'd stop tomorrow but I think it 's only fair to give our loyal customers and fantastic team a month to get used to the idea . ”
Only 1 in 400 ( 0.25 % ) of the estimated 2.5 billion plastic coated coffee cups * used in the UK each year are recycled . 4 % , approximately 500,000 , are littered every day .
The rest ( 95.75 % ) go into landfill . Many compostable alternatives also end up in landfill as there are n't enough accessible facilities in the UK to compost them .
Pret A Manger could be making a big change to its bottles of water
BTP was one of the first coffee chains to offer a 25o discount for customers bringing their own cups in July 2016 . But according to the chain , this has seen just a 2.8 % take up – not enough to make an environmental difference . In asking all customers to use a reusable cup every time , Roberts and his team are taking a bold stance .
Earlier this year , sandwich chain Pret A Manger increased their 25p discount to 50p to anyone who brought in their own cups .
( Image : Graham Young )
Mr Roberts added : “ We want to demonstrate to other operators that to make a difference , big change is needed . We will make this work and we 'll share details of how we 've done it with anyone who wants our help to do the same .
`` We dream of a future where our children marvel at the fact that pre-2018 we would regularly use a cup once and throw it away . The discarded cup could then take centuries to decompose . When you consider it in those terms , it really is senseless . ”
Other chains who have recently announced moves to curb disposable cup waste , include Costa Coffee which has vowed to ecycle as many disposable cups as it sells by 2020 in a “ cup recycling revolution ” .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Subtle
One thing is certain at The Hawthorns this evening - the pitch has been well watered !
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp made headlines on Saturday when he blamed the dry surface for his side 's dropped points as West Brom battled back from two goals down to rescue a point .
Jake Livermore and then , dramatically , Salomon Rondon scored in the final 11 minutes to bring the scores level and leave Klopp fuming .
While the excuse was practically laughed off by Darren Moore , who assured the Reds boss that the move to not activate the sprinklers at half time was not a deliberate ploy , Albion could n't resist the most subtle of digs at the German through the official Twitter account .
Before tonight 's U23 welcoming of Blackburn Rovers , which Albion eventually lost 4-1 , the Baggies rather cheekily posted the below tweet , in full view of a couple of sprinklers !
Off the hook
Albion centre-back Ahmed Hegazi has escaped punishment after the FA chose not to mount a violent conduct charge against the Egyptian .
Hegazi appeared to punch Danny Ings in the stomach after a challenge during Albion 's 2-2 draw with Liverpool at the Hawthorns on Saturday .
The second-half incident was not spotted at the time by referee Stuart Attwell , nor was it included in his match report .
A three-man panel of former referees reviewed footage of the clash , but found no cause to prosecute the Albion man .
Hegazi would have been hit with a minimum three-match ban had he been charged and found guilty of violent conduct .
Such a sanction would have ruled Hegazi out for the rest of Albion 's season .
The news will have relieved Darren Moore who has started Hegazi in each of his three matches in caretaker charge .
Moore was asked about the incident immediately after the match .
“ I 've heard about it now from the TV crews , ” he said . “ I did n't see it at the time .
“ When I go back downstairs I 'll get hold of our analysis boys to have a look at it .
“ I was that engrossed in the game I did n't see the incident . We 'll have a look at the incident as a football club and deal with it accordingly .
“ I ca n't say whether I 'll be happy or disappointed until I 've seen it . Once I 've seen it I can give my own view .
“ I 'd be commenting on speculating on something I 've not seen . ”
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp was furious after his side surrendered a two-goal lead in the final ten minutes to draw with the Baggies .
The German blamed the dry Hawthorns playing surface and accused Attwell of siding with Albion on big decisions .
Not just with the Hegazi incident , but also a penalty appeal when Craig Dawson bundled over Ings as he chased a loose ball inside the box .
“ We are very respectful of Liverpool and very respectful of Jurgen Klopp , ” Moore said . “ I think he 's a fantastic manager , an excellent human being .
“ In terms of the decisions , you 'd have to speak to the referee .
“ I thought the referee had a good game , played the game well and it was two teams not holding back .
“ It was two teams going all out to try and win a game of football . ”
Moore also disagreed with Klopp about the pitch .
The Baggies boss , who has collected five points from his first three games , rubbished suggestions the pitch had been under-watered as a ploy to slow Liverpool down .
“ Number one , I was focused on the game and number two we watered the pitch before the game but it was hot , red hot , ” he said . “ It 's different now the weather 's changing . It was a red hot afternoon .
“ I was n't focusing on the pitch . My focus was on the game . I had enough to worry about . The pitch is there for both teams . ”
VVD not amused
While Jurgen Klopp pointed to the state of the Hawthorns pitch as the explanation of why Liverpool did n't hold onto their two-goal lead at West Brom on Saturday , defender Virgil van Dijk instead pointed to his side 's inability to defend set-pieces .
Jake Livermore and Salomon Rondon scored in the final 11 minutes for Albion to cancel out goals from Danny Ings and Mo Salah and ensured Darren Moore remains unbeaten in caretaker charge of the club .
Klopp was angry after the game and moaned about how dry the surface was , while suggesting that the Baggies would themselves prefer slicker conditions next season in the Championship .
“ We defended quite well for 75 minutes . It was pretty much the only situations they had . The boys did really well . Scored the first one , ” Klopp said after the match on Saturday .
“ The pitch got drier and drier and it is not an advantage for the football playing side .
“ If you are the better team you should win . It feels a waste of points , they do n't need it , we need it . I am a big football fan .
“ You have to make the best situations for the teams to deliver . I would n't have said anything like that if we had won .
“ We try to do a good enough job . They finally accept they will be in the Championship . The boys came in , they do n't have rhythm . We did n't have a little bit of luck . ”
Van Dijk , who arrived in January from Southampton for £75m , instead blamed his teammates ' lack of concentration when defending corners and free-kicks and admitted he was angered by the dropping of two points .
“ Everyone gets upset . No one wants to concede at the last , even concede at all , ” van Dijk told Sky Sports News .
“ The way we conceded those goals is something to be angry about .
“ We need to be honest with ourselves and everyone was . We need to do better . You have to tell each other the truth , you can not be nice and happy when we want to achieve so much as a team , as a club . A draw here is not good enough but there is no reason to panic . ”
Planning ahead
Albion favourite Chris Brunt has committed his future to the club - and hopes other senior players will follow suit .
Despite a recent upturn under caretaker manager Darren Moore , West Brom are destined to drop into the Championship .
Brunt is keen to embark on a 12th campaign with the Baggies having triggered a one-year contract extension .
And that pledge has been made regardless of which division the club finds itself in next season .
“ I 've triggered next year as an option , ” said Brunt , who has taken on the captain 's armband in the absence of Jonny Evans .
“ I will be here next year unless anybody tells me otherwise .
“ Unless somebody comes in with drastic new ideas , everybody has to accept their bit of responsibility for what 's gone on this year and I 'm no different .
“ I think if we can get the right blend and the right mix next year and have a good go it could be a positive season for us .
“ Every year in the Premier League you are throwing millions at it to just be a survivor .
“ There are probably 10 clubs in the same position as us who could be in the same situation we 're in , but this year unfortunately it 's been us . ”
By featuring in Saturday 's 2-2 draw with Liverpool , Brunt moved into the top 20 all-time appearances list on 371 and counting .
He 's one of several senior players - alongside James Morrison , Ben Foster , Gareth McAuley , Claudio Yacob and Boaz Myhill , who have been at the club upwards of five years .
And Brunt , 33 , reckons there 's an appetite among some of his team-mates to stay and get the Baggies back to the big time .
“ I 'd say so because it 's disappointing , ” he said .
“ We 've all been here a long time and worked hard to get into the Premier League and there 's a fair chance it will be taken away from us .
“ At this stage in your career it 's disappointing , but for a few of us the club means a lot and you do n't get that very often in football nowadays .
“ Players tend to come and go quite a lot .
“ We 've got a group of lads who have been here a long time , seen worse times than these and will hopefully know what to do to get the club going back in the right direction .
“ We do n't want to admit defeat yet because over the last few weeks we 've given ourselves a bit of a glimmer of hope .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ You 've got to try to cling onto that for as long as you can . ”
West Brom , who battled back from 2-0 down to hold Liverpool , need to win their final three matches to stand any chance of staying up .
They must also hope Swansea takes no more than a point from their final four games .
Swansea 's run-in concludes with home matches against Southampton and Stoke , the sides immediately above Albion .
It 's virtually beyond the realms of probability , but not quite .
Plotting for Hal
Olympiakos are readying a bid of €3m for West Brom striker Hal Robson-Kanu this summer , according to reports in the Greek press .
Robson-Kanu , who was handed a run-out by Darren Moore from the bench on Saturday in the 2-2 draw with Liverpool , has only made six appearances since the turn of the year - largely because of injury - and has started in the league just once since Christmas .
Having signed on a free transfer in the summer of 2016 , the Welsh international has struggled to find the net on a regular basis .
Indeed , he has scored just twice in 22 games this campaign ( the winner against Burnley in August and the opening goal in the draw with Newcastle in November ) .
The Greek media are reporting that Robson-Kanu is unlikely to entertain Championship football and so Olympiakos , one of the nation 's most prominent sides , are said to fancy their chances of landing him .
Long shot
Rodrigo Battaglia , a player who was reportedly on Albion 's radar in January , has linked once again .
The Portuguese press is suggesting that the Sporting Lisbon central midfielder may be under consideration for the Baggies once again this season , though the Argentine has since broken into the Sporting side , playing a prominent role in their run to the Europa League quarter finals .
Spanish trio Sevilla , Real Betis and Villarreal are also named as potential candidates this summer .
With Albion on the brink of the Championship , this one seems a seriously unlikely bet .
Mayor : All Chicago patrol officers now have body cameras
hello
CHICAGO -- The Chicago Police Department says all patrol officers are now equipped with body cameras .
Mayor Rahm Emanuel and police Superintendent Eddie Johnson said Sunday the city reached its goal to provide the cameras to more than 7,000 officers one year earlier than originally planned . They say it 's the largest deployment of the technology in the U.S .
Emanuel says the cameras are `` an essential tool '' in the city 's efforts to rebuild trust between police and the community . He says they improve transparency and help in investigations and resolving disputes .
The U.S. Justice Department in January issued a scathing report on civil rights abuses by Chicago 's police over the years . An investigation began in 2015 after the release of dash cam video showing an officer shoot black teenager Laquan McDonald 16 times .
( WSVN ) - Stand-up comedian Ralphie May died Friday at the age of 45 , TMZ reports .
According to the site , May had been battling pneumonia for several weeks prior to his death . He reportedly died of cardiac arrest .
“ We are heartbroken to announce the untimely death of our friend , Ralphie May . Ralphie had been battling pneumonia and had cancelled a handful of dates over the last month in an effort to recover , ” May 's publicist Stacey Pokluda said in a statement .
May became a household name in the comedy world after he was the runner-up on “ Last Comic Standing ” in 2003 . Since then , he 's had several TV comedy specials on Comedy Central as well as Netflix .
Thank you , Ralphie May . You were a world-class comedian . pic.twitter.com/TGWpRcyQGH — Comedy Central ( @ ComedyCentral ) October 6 , 2017
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
iQor , a global provider of customer care and interactions , and Business Process Outsourcing ( BPO ) solutions , released the results of their “ Customer and Product Experience 360 ” survey focusing on early adopters of connected devices like smart refrigerators , thermostats and speakers .
Autumn Braswell , iQor 's Chief Operating Officer , shares a few of the key findings of the survey , and how growing expectations for using connected devices are forcing companies to up their game and provide better customer experiences and journeys in order to keep them excited about the potential these devices have .
Below is an edited transcript of our conversation . To see the whole interview click on the video below , or on the embedded SoundCloud player .
* * * * *
Small Business Trends : We 're gon na talk about the results of this really interesting survey you guys did . It 's called , “ Customer and Product Experience 360. ” And it 's a survey that you guys put on . Some of the really interesting results that came out of it , particularly when it comes to the whole smart home , and the connected devices , and kind of the first adopter of these folks , and get into some of the interesting tidbits of it .
Small Business Trends : Tell us a little bit more about iQor .
Autumn Braswell : iQor is a really interesting company that probably no one has ever heard of . We 're the name behind a lot of brands . In practical terms what we do for our clients [ original equipment manufacturers , carriers , media companies , financial services ] is every customer touchpoint ; customer acquisition , if they 're doing retention and loyalty services , technical support , even some back office work . But then , we also handle the product journey . Any time there 's actually something wrong with your device , a lot of the time we 're the ones that get it back , and repair it , get it back to you , or have one there for you if they 're doing kind of an advanced exchange .
There are a lot of companies that do either the customer side , or the product side . But , we combine both , which is why this survey was so interesting to us .
Small Business Trends : Tell us a little bit more about the survey , and particularly why did you decide to do it now ?
Autumn Braswell : Because we have the privilege of covering a lot of different market verticals , and also a lot of the different players in those verticals , we actually have an interesting kind of bird 's eye view of the ecosystem ; and Connected Home specifically is becoming a very complex ecosystem . And so , we saw a lot of the inefficiencies , and customer frustration in having to deal with multiple companies , if something was wrong with a device . And also , this lack of data following the customer , so a lot of repeats . And then , what we also see in our depot , depending on the product , we 'll see up to 60 % of the devices with actually nothing wrong with them .
We knew there was a lot of frustration and leakage in the system , and so we wanted to hear from the consumers point of view , kind of where did they have frustration , what was their journey , and what was their kind of preferred method of being serviced .
Small Business Trends : Give us the key takeaways , and maybe even some of the surprising findings that came out of this .
Autumn Braswell : We kind of knew that they were having to deal with multiple parties if they had an issue to be resolved , and that was validated , that they were having to deal with two to three different companies over three different sessions , and three different people they were talking to . So , we got to validate that point .
They typically went through eight different items on that service journey , so eight different places starting with self-help , and then entering the customer service at a certain point . So that was very interesting , that they were spending an hour and a half of their own time doing self-help . And then an additional hour with service and support .
But one of the more interesting elements is we gave them a list of 20 different things they could do , everything from read the manual , ask a friend , all the way through to ultimately calling the customer service number . And we asked them to rate that from two lenses – one is convenience , and the other being effectiveness . And , the top-rated way that was most effective and most convenient , was YouTube . The fourth most convenient and effective was expert crowd forums . I think those two things really speak to both the digital means in which people like to engage in self-help with the video content , but also how we have to start thinking about the crowd sourcing element , and helping service our customers .
Small Business Trends : The folks that participated in this survey , these are folks that are early adopters . Maybe you could just give us a little bit of the profile of what these folks are like .
Autumn Braswell : Maybe it should n't have been so surprising to us . We had over 6,000 folks come into the survey , and in order to participate in the survey they had to have a mobile phone , and not a feature phone like a smartphone . They had to have a computer or laptop , and then they had to have at least two connected devices in their home . And it could be anything , a connected thermostat , connected light bulbs , or a Wink system . They had to have at least two of those . And then ultimately , we were looking for folks that had a problem in the last few years , some support related event .
When we got through the demographics of those folks , our demographics ended up being about 59 % early adopters . Where in the normal kind of population curve , you 'd see about 17 % . And so , I think , thinking about the folks that we were actually having do this survey , are those that are tech savvy . That are interested in technology , that typically do n't have a problem . So to see so many of them have an issue in the last two years , and primarily around installation and setup , just really speaks to the fact that if the connected home providers want to see this mass adoption that we all want , and to accelerate that , we really have to make it a lot easier out of the box , first of all . And second of all , kind of think about the ecosystem these things are living in , and how do we create content in a way that helps them kind of get them up and running very quickly .
Small Business Trends : I consider myself an early adopter . I 've got a lot of connected things in my house . One thing that jumps up to me , and I guess I kind of fall into this too , is I actually did look at the manual 'cause I could n't get it to work out . I actually did look at the manual . But , how are the expectations and behaviors changing when it comes to using these home technologies , these connected devices . How is that changing the expectations of customers ? It seems like you guys had a lot of early adopters , so how is it changing early adopters expectations for using this kind of devices ?
Autumn Braswell : Yeah , and I ca n't believe you also read the manual… We were surprised to see that 59 % of our respondents , that was the first place they went . I did n't even know they existed anymore . [ laughter ] . But , the expectations with consumers is at an all-time high . There was a case , a time , even with the initial smartphones , where I think people were a lot more patient in trying to understand , “ What is this going to do for me ? ” But , consumers have this expectation that these connected devices are going to work together seamlessly , it 's going to create a very personalized experience for them .
When I tell Alexa to turn on my Hue light bulbs , and turn down my thermostat , that all of that works very seamlessly . So the expectations are extremely high , but the ecosystem has n't caught up with that yet . The companies still are having to work through multiple protocols between the devices , and also thinking about this , less about the point solution , like connecting my thermostat . And more about , how does the thermostat live in the entire home .
Small Business Trends : All right , so I mean there are a lot of things going on , and there are a lot of moving parts . But , it 's not necessarily a nice to have , it 's almost a need to have in terms of engaging your customers and prospects through some of these devices and ecosystems . So , how do companies that have n't gotten started but know they need to get going , how do they do it the right way so that they create the kind of experiences and journeys that customers are expecting today ?
Autumn Braswell : I would say that you start by understanding that consumers expectations of that device , not just as a single device , but how is it expecting it to interact with the rest of the home . I think map out the customer journey , you know ? That 's not a new tactic , but the customer interaction or touchpoints with the brand are no longer just single points , or a single stream . But , there in multiple different places , and understanding what does that mean , and meeting the customer where they want to be met , you know ? We talked about different mediums , and consuming things the way they want . You have to think about that a lot more wholistically , so when you create a piece of service content , you must deliver it both in video , deliver it in an FAQ , arm these crowdsourcing experts with that information .
And so , I think it 's just thinking about the service more wholistically , and to your point , really understanding that customer 's expectation of that device , and making it pretty seamless out of the box .
Small Business Trends : And apparently you also have to make a very good manual that people can actually use , and get some benefit out of .
Autumn Braswell : A really good manual .
This is part of the One-on-One Interview series with thought leaders . The transcript has been edited for publication . If it 's an audio or video interview , click on the embedded player above , or subscribe via iTunes or via Stitcher .
Donald Trump , in front of bars of machine-grade steel , at the Pacific Machinery & Tool Steel Company on March 6 in Portland , Oregon . Photo illustration by Lisa Larson-Walker . Photos by Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images , Natalie Behring/Getty Images .
The United States has a creative excuse for slapping tariffs on foreign steel and aluminum .
Without the tariffs , the Trump administration argues , American producers of these metals would continue to decline , jeopardizing our military . This rationale has a legal purpose : to exempt the tariffs from adjudication by the World Trade Organization , which defers to claims of national security . But the rationale is a fraud . We know this because President Trump keeps blurting out the truth : The tariffs are n't a military necessity . They 're a bargaining chip .
The administration is exploiting a loophole in the WTO 's underlying document , the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade . Article XXI of GATT states : “ Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed … to prevent any contracting party from taking any action which it considers necessary for the protection of its essential security interests. ” Those interests , according to the relevant clause , must pertain to “ traffic in arms , ammunition and implements of war and to such traffic in other goods and materials as is carried on directly or indirectly for the purpose of supplying a military establishment . ”
The security exemption was never meant to apply to economic competition . At the 1947 conference that formulated GATT , the U.S. delegate , J.M . Leddy , explained that the exemption was narrowly drawn to prevent countries from imposing “ under the guise of security … measures which really have a commercial purpose. ” In 1985 , the United States invoked Article XXI to defend its trade embargo against Nicaragua . The U.S. argued that it was entitled to judge what was essential to its own security . The WTO 's predecessor , the GATT Council , accepted that premise . But the context of the case was military conflict .
Article XXI has almost never been invoked to protect a domestic industry . The last time was in 1975 , when Sweden introduced quotas to limit imports of certain boots and shoes . The Swedes admitted that they were doing this to protect their footwear producers and that the underlying problem was “ the relatively high production costs in Sweden. ” But they argued that the items in question were “ essential products necessary to meet basic needs in case of war or other emergency in international relations. ” As recorded in the minutes of a 1975 GATT Council meeting , other countries “ expressed doubts as to the justification of the measure under the General Agreement. ” The council , according to an academic summary , concluded that the quotas were a “ misuse of the GATT security exceptions. ” But before anyone filed a formal case against the Swedes , they dropped the quotas .
Trump keeps giving away that his real motives have little to do with security .
Trump is trying the same maneuver . Last April , he ordered the U.S. Department of Commerce to lay the groundwork for restricting foreign steel and aluminum . He cited a U.S. law , the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 , which authorizes the president to “ adjust the imports ” of any item “ so that such imports will not threaten to impair the national security. ” In June , at a WTO meeting , delegates from other countries protested that Trump 's case did n't fit Article XXI . They warned that if the WTO were to accept such an abuse of the security exemption , everyone would copy the trick , gutting the trade-adjudication system . But the U.S. delegation insisted that steel and aluminum were crucial to our national defense .
Every statement written for Trump about the tariffs , including the March 8 proclamations in which he announced them , has focused on national security . But Trump ca n't stick to the script . He keeps giving away that his real motives have little to do with security . Since March 1 , when he signaled that the tariffs were imminent , his constant refrain in tweets , press conferences , and rallies has been that other countries have “ screw [ ed ] , ” “ mistreated , ” and “ taken advantage ” of us , not just in trade generally , but specifically in steel and aluminum .
Trump always says he 's protecting “ companies ” and “ workers. ” He has to be reminded to talk about national security . On March 1 , he met at the White House with executives from American steel and aluminum companies . The meeting , staged for TV , was supposed to promote the security rationale . But Trump forgot to mention that point . One of the executives had to prompt him . Eventually , Trump picked up the theme , but he spoke of it as an afterthought . “ We need it even for defense , if you think , ” he said of the metal industry .
If Trump 's tariffs were for national security , he would treat U.S. allies differently from hostile or nonaligned countries . Instead , he announced that the tariffs would cover everyone , with only temporary exemptions . He said our allies were n't really allies . And he offered to trim or withdraw the tariffs in exchange for concessions completely unrelated to national security . On March 5 , Trump tweeted that he would exempt Canada from steel and aluminum tariffs if Canada agreed to “ treat our farmers much better. ” He offered the European Union the same deal “ [ i ] f they drop their horrific barriers & tariffs on U.S. products , ” specifically “ our farming goods. ” You ca n't offer to drop steel tariffs in exchange for farm exports and then tell the WTO that the steel tariffs are essential to your national security .
If you want to know what 's really behind the tariffs , ignore what Trump reads from a script . Listen instead to what he says extemporaneously behind closed doors . Last Wednesday at a fundraiser in Missouri that was closed to the press ( but captured in a leaked audio recording ) , he confessed that “ the tariffs are just a form of , like , ‘ You just ca n't keep doing this ' to the outside world … we have to get back the respect. ” He explained :
When I did the tariffs — and basically what I 'm really saying [ is ] , it 's not so much tariffs . It 's really saying we ca n't be tak [ en ] advantage of any more by these people that come in and dump everything into our country and destroy our mills and destroy our workers and destroy everything . So when I did the tariffs , most people understand what I 'm doing is fighting for them . I 'm fighting for these companies that are being abandoned and the jobs that are being abandoned .
That 's fine . You can make a case—a misguided case , but a sincere one—that the tariffs will save American jobs , earn global respect , or force concessions from trade partners that will leave us better off . But if that 's your game—if tariffs on steel and aluminum are a play for leverage , and you 're ready to trade them away for a better deal on exporting wheat or cars—then what you 're telling the WTO is a lie . This is n't about national security . It 's about commerce , and it should be judged accordingly .
Some experts in trade law are concerned about WTO intervention in this case . They note that the WTO has never formally rejected a national security claim . But is having never formally validated such a claim , either . Even on the broadest reading of Article XXI , there 's room to scrutinize exemptions . Whether a country truly considers a measure necessary to its security can be tested by evidence . Trump 's tariffs fail that test . The evidence is in his own words and deeds .
The other concern about WTO intervention is that Trump might respond to an unfavorable ruling by pulling the United States out of the WTO entirely . He made that threat as a candidate , and as president he has already withdrawn from the Paris climate accord and the Trans-Pacific Partnership . But the alternative is worse . If Trump gets away with using Article XXI to shield his tariffs , other governments will follow suit , and the whole trade-adjudication system will unravel . Like every other institution , the WTO must decide whether to let Trump destroy it .
Nigeria 's draught champion , Doubra Otuku , says he will do everything to retain his title and win the coveted N1 million prize money in the second edition of the international draught competition beginning in Benin on Friday .
Draught is played by two people each with 12 round pieces on a board of 64 squares .
Otuku , who waded off stiff Ghanaian opposition to emerge champion at the maiden edition in 2017 , said on Wednesday that “ I am here to retain my title . ''
“ The tournament will become more competitive with the entrance of players from Cameroon , but I am not ready to just give up my title .
“ I have heard that some of the Cameroonian players are very good ; I have also worked on my weaknesses and I will do everything possible to win the coveted N1 million prize money , '' he said .
Top seeded players from Nigeria , Ghana and Cameroon had arrived Benin ahead of the three-nation competition .
Competitors are expected to play in two categories- premier and first division– while winners are expected to cart away cash prizes , including the first prize of N1million .
The maiden edition , which held in Benin , featured players from Nigeria and Ghana as 43 players battled for the N500,000 star prize .
Osagie Ize-Iyamu , the Chairman of the Organising Committee , said that the tournament was put in place to erase the erroneous belief that the game was for “ lazy or jobless people in the society . ''
“ Rather , this is one of the most intelligent , strategic and physically engaging sports in the world , ” he said .
Mr Mika Amonokhai , the Commissioner for Sports and Special Duties in Edo , at the maiden edition had expressed optimism that the game could become a national sport .
“ That is why as a government , we are ready to collaborate with relevant stakeholders to see to the registration and promotion of this sport to the highest level .
“ I am also assuring the organisers of this tournament that Edo State Ministry of Sports under my watch is ready to partner the organisers to make the best use of the event , ‘ 'he had said . ( NAN )
Kentucky Gov.Matt Bevin on Wednesday in Paducah ceremonially signed the Leeper Act , the law lifting the nuclear moratorium on nuclear energy industry from locating in Kentucky .
Local and state leaders say they spent countless hours working to get the law passed . They caution patience though , as we wait to see if and how the hard work will pay off .
He spent 10 years trying to lift the nuclear moratorium when he was in the state senate . Now , the law is named for his work with this piece of legislation . McCracken County Judge Executive Bob Leeper says , “ It 's quite an interesting feeling to have that , that will be in the records forever i think it 's pretty unique . ”
Leeper says the law will help put the county on corporate boardroom walls , and bring in industry .
“ I 'm hoping it 'll be one of those things where a small business mows the front yard and gets business . I hope we 're mowing our front yard and attracting those people , '' Leeper says .
Sen. Danny Carroll reminds people that there 's not going to be an overnight change . “ It 's nothing that 's going to happen immediately , OK , om terms of building an actual reactor , but the potential will be there , '' Carroll says .
Carroll says it gives west Kentucky a leg up if nuclear energy were to locate within the state . But , even if nuclear energy comes to Paducah , it 's not guaranteed that it will be located at the DOE site at the former gaseous diffusion plant .
It took 10 years to make nuclear energy a possibility in Paducah . Carroll and Leeper each say it will be many more years until it 's utilized and produced within the state . “ The market will dictate when it 's time for nuclear energy in our state , '' Carroll says .
Carroll says industry is n't immediately likely in Kentucky . But , nuclear research and development opportunities might be . Sen. Steven Rudy and Watkins also helped to move the bill through the legislature .
ODOT : SW Oregon – I-5 N. of Grants Pass : Traffic on temporarily hold between Hugo and Glendale ( MP 66-80 ) due to winter conditions . When listed , drivers should expect to chain up their vehicles .
By Dirisu Yakubu
ABUJA-The Labour party has said it was not part of the meeting convened recently by Nigeria 's ex-President , Chief Olusegun Obasanjo with some political parties . The party said the reported meeting which had about 35 political parties in attendance had no representative of the Labour party contrary to what was published in the media .
In a statement signed by the National Publicity Secretary Ebere Ifendu , the party denied nursing any alignment with the Coalition of Nigeria Movement , currently being championed by Obasanjo .
“ The attention of the Labour party has been drawn to a story published in the Punch and some national dailies about the meeting held in Protea hotel , Lagos , anchored by former President Olusegun Obasanjo with former governors Rabiu Kwankwaso ( Kano ) and others with the representatives of 35 political parties .
“ As a party held in trust for the generality of the people of this great country , it is important for us to quickly debunk this falsehood and set the record straight .
“ We categorically declare our inclusion as false . Labour party had no representatives in the said meeting and has no association with the Coalition for Nigeria Movement in respect to the 2019 general elections . We are not part of any political merger .
“ We enjoin our media friends to endeavour to confirm such stories or any other sensitive information from the official spokesperson of the party before going to the press .
“ Our party is currently repositioning for the onerous task of presenting Nigeria with a better alternative to the present government that has not satisfied the yearnings of the majority people , ” the statement read .
Photo illustration by Natalie Matthews-Ramo/Slate . Photos by Thinkstock .
Autonomous cars have a potentially fatal flaw : They struggle to detect and react to cyclists on the road . According to a January 2017 report by IEEE Spectrum , bicycles are generally considered “ the most difficult detection problem that autonomous vehicle systems face. ” It 's not surprising : Bikes are relatively small , nimble , and sometimes unpredictable , and human drivers have a hard time sharing the road with bike riders as well . In 2015 , 818 cyclists died in collisions with motorists , and 45,000 experienced injuries in car-bike collisions . In 2016 , the number of deaths rose to 835 . Seventy-one percent of those happened in urban areas .
It 's a multifaceted problem . Some drivers have n't been educated as to how to properly share the road with cyclists , some cyclists do n't know how they 're supposed to behave , and infrastructure in many places does n't facilitate peaceful coexistence on the same roadways . Autonomous vehicles , with their advanced sensing capabilities and predictable , programmed behavior , offer the opportunity to help change that . However , we 're increasingly learning that A.I . can amplify our own biases and human failings . If humans are n't doing a good job of detecting and preventing vehicle-bike collisions , how can we create machines that do the job even better ?
One solution presented by Ford , Tome Software , and Trek Bicycle at CES last month is a concept known as bicycle-to-vehicle communications . Instead of just autonomous vehicles ( or all motorized vehicles ) on the road being able to wirelessly communicate their position and intentions with one another , bikes would be able to join the party . The proposed technology would be brand agnostic , something any cyclist could affix to herself or her bike . The key safety aspect of this connectivity would be that drivers would be alerted when a cyclist is nearby . It 's similar , although potentially a step above , a concept presented by Volvo in 2014 that would work through tech embedded in a rider 's helmet . Tome plans to hone its software , which could then be licensed out to vehicles , apps , bike accessories , and car accessories , at the Mcity autonomous driving test facility at the University of Michigan over the next year .
There 's one problem : This is cheating .
The concept is great . You can picture an autonomous car , the reach of its sensors expanding out into the world in concentric waves , detecting the ping of a cyclist 's signal at its back right corner and moving left to give it three feet of leeway in the lane . It could also save valuable seconds of processing time on the autonomous vehicle 's part . “ Instead of spending time analyzing a series of images looking for people on bicycles , with a less than perfect rate of success , a car can simply make requests for devices in its vicinity and within milliseconds understand its environment , ” an article in mountain-biking publication Singletrack explains .
There 's one problem : This is cheating . Autonomous cars , out there beta testing on U.S. roads today , can accurately detect other vehicles , pedestrians , even big game charging suddenly across a street . Forcing cyclists alone to strap a sensor onto their backs feels like a crutch , a cop-out . In truth , some envision that the only way an autonomous car future will work is if everyone—vehicles , cyclists , pedestrians , pets—are connected to the same system , an idea known as V2X , or vehicle-to-everything . This would help self-driving vehicles to be the most informed about their surroundings and prepare for any possible interactions . The problem is that it requires everyone to take part , which poses several noteworthy financial and logistical questions , such as who pays for this system , how it 's deployed , how it 's enforced , and whether pedestrian and traffic laws would need to be changed in order to facilitate cooperative behavior . ( For example , stricter jaywalking laws to ensure pedestrians only cross in places self-driving cars expect them to . ) In this scenario , autonomous car success hinges on a large number of difficult-to-control variables . But if the cars themselves are able to successfully sense and react to their surroundings , from a cyclist taking the lane to a toddler dashing into the street , the only variable that needs controlling is the technology itself .
Luckily , while some self-driving car companies may be looking at bicycle-to-vehicle communications as an option , many in the advanced stages of testing do n't appear to be cutting corners . Take Waymo for example : The Alphabet-owned company has been working on cyclist-detection technology for several years , and its cars have reportedly avoided collisions in several tricky scenarios , including giving a rider extra room when a parallel-parked car 's door opens and stopping suddenly when a rider rounded a corner and turned straight into oncoming traffic . Uber , Lyft , and even Apple have expanding fleets on our roadways , and they would n't be out there if company executives did n't believe these vehicles could avoid vehicle-bike collisions—at least most of the time .
Bicycle-to-vehicle communication is a good idea and could be useful in certain scenarios , such as when visibility is low—at night or in the rain—or on tricky , twisty back roads with blind corners . But if cars are going to drive the roads without human help , they need to be able to handle all of the challenges that come with it , regardless of whether they 're wirelessly connected to the world around them .
One more thing You depend on Slate for sharp , distinctive coverage of the latest developments in politics and culture . Now we need to ask for your support . Our work is more urgent than ever and is reaching more readers—but online advertising revenues do n't fully cover our costs , and we do n't have print subscribers to help keep us afloat . So we need your help . If you think Slate 's work matters , become a Slate Plus member . You 'll get exclusive members-only content and a suite of great benefits—and you 'll help secure Slate 's future . Join Slate Plus
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The mother of tragic eight-year-old Mylee Billingham held her doll and wept as she arrived for her funeral .
The Brownhills schoolgirl was stabbed to death at her home on January 20 .
She was taken to hospital but pronounced dead shortly after her arrival , police said .
Her mother arrived at her funeral at St James ' Church , Brownhills , today with her daughter 's doll .
The coffin arrived in a white carriage pulled by two white horses and a floral display that spelled out ‘ smiley ' .
BirminghamLive has been covering the funeral through this live blog . Mourners were invited to wear “ bright and beautiful ” clothing in memory of the primary school pupil . Many wore purple , which was Mylee 's favourite colour .
Slices of Mylee ‘ s favourite cake , chocolate Swiss roll , were handed out to people as they left the church .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
Little bunches of blue , purple and pink ribbons were tied to lampposts , road signs and trees all around the church .
One floral tribute carried the simple message - ‘ Our Little Superstar ' .
The church is right next to St James School , where Mylee was a pupil .
It was closed today as a mark of respect and so teachers and pupils could attend the funeral .
Speaking about Mylee at the service today , the Rev Bishop said that although “ her life was brief ” , she “ crammed so much into it ” .
He said Mylee had “ made a big impact ” at her school , where she had made three close friends .
He also said she loved to sing and dance .
Ahead of the funeral , mum Tracey Taundry paid tribute to her 'angel ' and thanked locals for their support .
She said : “ I would like to thank Brownhills and surrounding areas for the love , support and kind donations , it truly means a lot to myself and family at this tragic time .
“ The funeral of my daughter Mylee will take place on Tuesday , April 24 at St James Church , Brownhills , at 10.45am . All are welcome to pay their respects .
“ This will be followed by a strictly private committal of my immediate family only .
“ Floral tributes are welcome to my home address or St James Church .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
“ Donations on the day will be donated to Birmingham Children 's Hospital . ''
She added : “ Mylee was my angel , my true princess . She will have the send-off she truly deserves .
“ Dress code all things bright and beautiful just as she was . With love , Mylee 's mommy Tracey . ”
William Billingham , from Brownhills , West Midlands , has been charged with his daughter Mylee 's murder and making threats to kill , and is due to re-appear at Wolverhampton Crown Court next month .
She talks about she turned her frustration about Liberia 's war and corruption into organized action
Liberia has suffered much war and corruption , and it took a strong and determined woman to organize other women to put an end to the war . That woman was Leymah Gbowee , and she told her story to an attentive crowd in UCSB 's Campbell Hall on Sunday in a talk sponsored by UCSB Arts & Lectures .
Gbowee turned her anger and frustration into effective action .
She was critical of the United Nations for its arrogance and ineffectiveness , but she was appreciative of the international efforts that were essential to the success of the peace project .
She has written a book , Mighty Be Our Powers : How Sisterhood , Prayer , and Sex Changed a Nation at War , which was also the title of her talk . The “ sex ” part had to do with organizing a “ sex strike ” until peace was won . She likened it to fasting , a denial of worldly pleasures for a higher purpose .
Her work continues with empowering women and working for peace in other African nations through her organization Women Peace and Security Network Africa , among others .
Her work has earned her numerous awards , including the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award .
She emphasized that organizing together is the key to progress .
— Robert Bernstein is a local photographer and frequent Noozhawk contributor .
Each year , FLY Racing develops , tests , and improves its products in a never-ending pursuit of the perfect racewear . The first to integrate The Boa® System , FLY racewear offers the unmatched comfort , performance and durability that make it an industry leader in technical racewear . For 2018 , they 've created their lightest , most comfortable and durable gear yet . Gear that lasts and gear that performs—ride after ride , race after race . Prepare , perform , and progress with FLY racing .
The Fly Racing Racer X Podcast comes in with another edition of `` Soundcheck '' with KeeferIncTesting.com and former Dirt Rider magazine editor Kris Keefer . Listen in to hear how the band Lifehouse saved a marriage !
Click here to listen to the show , or get it from iTunes under Steve Matthes Show . If you have a smartphone , get it from the Stitcher or PulpMX apps .
UN should not give deputy secretary-general 's post to former Israeli minister who stands accused of war crimes
The politicisation of the United Nations has hit a new low after reports emerged over the weekend that UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres offered the post of deputy secretary-general to former Israeli foreign minister Tzipi Livni , who has been implicated in war crimes against Palestinians .
According to the Haaretz , an Israeli daily , Livni , was asked to join the world body by Guterres himself in a phone call . If the reports are confirmed it would be a huge stain on the international body , tasked with upholding international law and being a voice of reason in the global community . The Israeli politician was implicated in war crimes during her tenure as foreign minister during the War on Gaza in 2008-2009 .
The alleged offer comes amid a row at the UN over the proposal to name former Palestinian National Authority ( PNA ) prime minister Salam Fayyad the organisation 's envoy on the Libya conflict .
The US has blocked the appointment at the request of Israel 's ambassador Danny Danon . Israel and the US reportedly fear the appointment of Fayyad , a former World Bank economist , is meant to be a further signal of recognition for Palestinian statehood .
In a move that incensed Israel , the UN General Assembly voted to recognise the Palestinian state in 2012 , granting Palestine the status of non-member observer state .
The developments come amid a pro-Israeli Donald Trump presidency in the United States that has shown nothing but disregard for Palestinian rights and ambitions for a future state .
The United Nations has a moral obligation to stand up to US bullying tactics and should categorically reject the candidacy of Livni for the position of deputy secretary-general .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Derby County produced a dramatic comeback to beat Cardiff City 3-1 and revive their Championship promotion hopes .
The Rams came from behind to end a three-match losing run - and climb back into the play-off zone in the process .
Callum Paterson 's first-half volley put the Bluebirds in front and they held that lead until the 69th minute .
Cameron Jerome equalised against his old club and Matej Vydra gave Derby the lead in the 82nd minute with his 21st goal of the season .
Jerome then netted his second of the game late on to secure victory for Gary Rowett 's men .
( Image : Catherine Ivill/Getty Images )
The Rams have moved above Millwall into sixth spot with two matches of the regular campaign remaining .
Meanwhile , Cardiff remains in the second automatic promotion spot but are only a point ahead of Fulham .
Rowett made two changes from the side that started the 2-1 home defeat to Middlesbrough on Saturday .
Derby 's two leading scorers this season , Vydra and David Nugent , were both dropped from the starting line-up .
They were replaced by Andreas Weimann and Jerome .
Rowett stuck with the 3-4-2-1 formation that he used for the first time against Boro , with a back three of Richard Keogh , Curtis Davies and Craig Forsyth , and Andre Wisdom and Marcus Olsson operating as wing-backs .
Ikechi Anya ( calf ) and Sam Winnall ( knee ) both remained sidelined by injury .
Cardiff boss Neil Warnock made four changes following the 2-1 victory over Nottingham Forest .
Sol Bamba , Callum Paterson , former Rams winger Jamie Ward and Gary Madine were drafted into the starting line-up .
Out went Craig Bryson , who was ineligible to face his parent club , Lee Peltier , Nathaniel Mendez-Laing and Kenneth Zohore .
There was a highly-charged atmosphere inside the ground , as expected , as the game got under way .
The opening stages were dominated by set pieces . Derby had to deal with Aron Gunnarsson 's long throws , while forcing a string of corners themselves .
From one of those , delivered by Tom Lawrence , Bradley Johnson 's first-time effort was deflected narrowly wide of the near post .
In the 12th minute , Lawrence whipped in a dangerous free kick from the left , which keeper Neil Etheridge managed to collect at the second attempt .
Etheridge was called into action again five minutes later to deny the Rams an opening goal .
Weimann robbed Bamba and surged forward down the right before squaring for Lawrence , who touch a touch before seeing his low shot well blocked by the advancing keeper .
Cardiff felt they should have had a penalty after 20 minutes , when Ward 's speculative effort was deflected behind off Johnson . However , appeals for handball against the Derby midfielder were waved away by referee Andrew Madley .
Junior Hoilett blazed over from the edge of the box after a long clearance by Etheridge dropped kindly for him .
Derby will have been satisfied by the start they had made - but they fell behind in the 28th minute .
A long ball into the box from the left went over the heads of Madine , Davies and Forsyth , and Paterson drilled a right-foot volley inside Carson 's near post from an angle .
( Image : 2018 Getty Images )
It might have got worse for the Rams five minutes later . Hoilett headed Ward 's cross from the left back across goal and Madine could not quite get there to apply the finish .
The striker felt he was being fouled as he went for the ball but , again , the penalty appeals fell upon deaf ears .
Derby needed a response , and they could have levelled in the 37th minute .
Lawrence chipped the ball in from the left and Jerome flicked on , but Weimann missed the target from 10 yards out .
Forsyth saw a shot blocked , while Etheridge was out quickly to save at the feet of Weimann .
At the other end , Ward fired over from 20 yards and Joe Ralls did likewise with the final action of the half .
Derby continued to search for an equaliser after the break , while Cardiff resolutely defended their lead .
Lawrence had a chance to test the keeper with a free kick just outside the area but could not beat the wall .
Rowett introduced Vydra on the hour , taking off Marcus Olsson and moving Weimann to left wing-back .
Cardiff might have doubled their lead in the 64th minute but Madine scuffed his shot as he met Ralls ' low centre from the left .
Davies looped a header over the bar from Forsyth 's floated ball into the box - but the Rams were level on 69 minutes .
The visitors did not fully clear their lines from a corner and when Keogh headed down into the box , Jerome held off a couple of defenders before slipping a shot past Etheridge from eight yards .
Cardiff responded , with Bamba and substitute Zohore shooting over from decent positions .
But with eight minutes to go , it was Derby who took the lead .
( Image : PA Wire/PA Images )
Substitute Yanic Wildschut took a risk by controlling the ball inside his own box and was robbed by Wisdom .
He cut the ball back from the right to Vydra , who slammed an unstoppable first-time shot past Etheridge from 12 yards to send the home fans wild .
Cardiff threw men forward and nearly levelled when Zohore glanced a header across the face of goal and Wildschut could only manage to send the ball back where it came from .
From the resulting corner , Sean Morrison hooked the ball goalwards but Carson grabbed it in the nick of time .
Keogh then headed inches wide of his own goal as he tried to clear a Joe Bennett cross .
Derby brought on Alex Pearce and Jamie Hanson to shore things up - and the hosts sealed the points in the 90th minute .
Jerome shrugged off Morrison as they chased down a ball into the box and side-footed a low shot home from 10 yards out .
DERBY COUNTY : Carson , Keogh , Davies , Forsyth , Wisdom , Huddlestone , Johnson , Olsson ( Vydra , 60 ) , Weimann ( Pearce , 88 ) , Lawrence ( Hanson , 88 ) , Jerome . Other subs : Roos ( gk ) , Ledley , Palmer , Nugent .
CARDIFF CITY : Etheridge , Manga , Morrison , Bamba , Bennett , Ralls , Gunnarsson , Paterson , Ward ( Wildschut , 74 ) , Madine ( Zohore , 67 ) , Hoilett ( Pilkington , 74 ) . Other subs : Murphy ( gk ) , Peltier , Grujic , Mendez-Laing .
REFEREE : A Madley ( West Yorkshire ) .
ATTENDANCE : 30,294 .
A notorious white supremacist got caught on camera sucker-punching a woman in the melee that erupted on Saturday in Berkeley , CA between pro- and anti-Trump demonstrators .
ATLANTA , GA - JUNE 09 : Matt Harvey # 33 of the New York Mets sits in the dugout during the sixth inning against the Atlanta Braves at SunTrust Park on June 9 , 2017 in Atlanta , Georgia . ( Photo by Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images )
LAKE BUENA VISTA , Fla. -- The Rangers and New York Mets got together for a little talk Monday afternoon , just as the winter meetings ' first day was hitting mid-stride .
The Mets need a second baseman . The Rangers have an extra one in out-of-options , positionless Jurickson Profar .
The Rangers need starting pitchers . The Mets happen to have an extra in once-indomitable Matt Harvey .
It was a perfect match made in baseball heaven .
Except for this : The conversation went nowhere .
Here 's why : The Rangers , while intending to contend in 2018 , are more focused on the long term than just the year ahead . Trading for Harvey , who can be a free agent after the season , would be pushing toward the short term . Trading Profar , who still has three years of club control remaining , for Harvey would be simply nonsensical for a team taking a long-range view at solving its pitching issues . The Rangers are all about control .
`` That 's not something we 're looking to do , '' general manager Jon Daniels said of trading for a guy in the last year of his contract . `` I ca n't see us doing something like that unless it was the absolute perfect fit . ''
In a perfect world , the Rangers would find a trade for a pitcher they 'd have for multiple seasons at a reasonable salary . The winter meetings are not a perfect world . Everybody -- clubs and agents alike -- are out to `` win '' deals . For the Rangers , who know they have an uphill climb to contend for a playoff spot in the coming season , winning means control . The only one-year deals in which they are interested are for guys on the cheap in free agency .
It only complicates the art of deal-making that much more . There are options , but the opportunities are fleeting . Pittsburgh is willing to discuss Gerrit Cole , who ca n't be a free agent until after the 2019 season , but there was no match with the Rangers . Rebuilding Detroit might be willing to talk about Michael Fulmer , who is still not arbitration-eligible , but he 's coming off arm surgery and is a bit of an uncertainty . The Tigers would probably want a premium for Fulmer , the 2016 AL Rookie of the Year . Teams inquiring would like a little discount based on the arm issue .
It 's important to stay true to yourself — even if you 're a dog .
Lulu , an adorable black Labrador , was dropped from a CIA training program after refusing to become a bomb-sniffing pup .
In a series of tweets , the CIA explained that Lulu — who was being trained for the Fairfax County Police Department in Virginia — “ began to show signs that she was n't interested in detecting explosive odors . ”
The agency went on to write that this lack of motivation is n't uncommon but is normally just the result of a bad day or two . CIA dog trainers are expected to become “ doggie psychologists ” to figure out if the dog is sick , tired or bored , and determine how to help them from there .
But for some dogs , such as Lulu , it can become clear that “ the issue is n't temporary and instead , this just is n't the job they are meant for , ” the CIA tweeted .
Despite attempts to motivate her with food and toys , Lulu showed zero interest in sniffing for explosives and “ was clearly no longer enjoying herself . ”
So the CIA let Lulu go , for the sake of her mental health and wellbeing .
Luckily , Lulu was adopted by her handler and seems to be thriving at her new home where she has a new dog friend and gets to play with kids and chase squirrels all day .
“ We 'll miss Lulu , ” the CIA wrote . “ but it was the right decision for her and we wish her all the best in her new life ! ”
Good for you , Lulu .
Newspapers subscribe to a paying digital future
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Protesters in Charlottesville , Virginia , are struck by a car on Saturday , Aug. 12 , 2017 . Ryan M. Kelly AP
Sandra Hermiston and Ross McLaughlin , CTV Vancouver
It 's Super Bowl weekend and whether you 're watching the big game or tuning into the Olympics next week , you want the best picture possible for sports action . And , believe it or not , experts say that means avoiding the “ sports mode ” setting .
“ It tends to artificially boost contrast , brightness and colours . And that makes the picture look unnatural , ” explained Jim Willcox , Consumer Reports electronics editor .
Instead , use either the movie or cinema mode , which will give you the most natural-looking picture .
Another factory preset mode to avoid if your TV has it : dynamic or vivid .
“ The vivid mode works a lot like the sports mode where it overly brightens the image , ” said Willcox .
Another trick ? Turn off noise reduction and motion smoothing . Noise reduction can reduce detail and fine texture in your picture . Motion smoothing is sometimes called the soap opera effect and can make video look like a daytime TV program .
If you 're looking to adjust your set beyond the factory preset modes , Consumer Reports says take it easy with the sharpness by keeping it near zero . Turning it up too much can make the picture detail look less natural .
And for colour temperature as well as colour and tint ?
“ Typically you should choose the low or warm setting so that whites do n't look too blue . And with tint what you 're really trying to do is get the most natural-looking flesh tones , ” advised Willcox .
If you think it 's time for a new TV set , you can take a look at Consumer Reports TV ratings here .
LEONARDTOWN , Md . ( AP ) — Authorities say a military helicopter has crashed in southern Maryland .
Maryland State Police spokesman Sgt . Davaughn Parker said a Black Hawk helicopter crashed in Leonardtown on Monday afternoon . He says state police have sent two medevac helicopters to the scene to assist .
Kevin Bowen , who works in the pro shop of the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club in Leonardtown , says he saw the helicopter “ flying kind of low ” and then “ saw it spinning ” before it went down between the third and fourth holes of the golf course .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The U.S. Department of Education has awarded SBCC a federal five-year grant totaling $ 4 million to support programs to increase the number of associate degree graduates who transfer to four-year institutions in the fields of science , engineering and math .
The Hispanic Serving Institution Science , Technology , Engineering and Math ( HSI : STEM ) grant places special emphasis on Hispanic and low-income students and is the single largest in the college 's history .
SBCC will use the funding to develop and implement the Express to Transfer Program , which will provide clearly defined pathways for students to enroll as science , engineering or math majors , complete their associate degree and transfer requirements , and transfer to a four-year university in a STEM discipline . Students accepted into the Express to Transfer Program will be expected to complete their lower-division transfer requirements in two to three years . The grant also will help develop a comparable program for non-STEM majors .
The Express to Transfer Program will focus on student progression from basic skills ( college prepared ) to college-level courses to degree completion and transfer in STEM majors . The program will include clearly defined pathways of accelerated study in learning communities ( cohorts of students ) with additional services such as intensive counseling , tutoring and book loans . SBCC also will explore strategies to increase its number of articulation ( transfer ) agreements in STEM majors with four-year colleges and universities .
The grant also calls for developing strategies to strengthen academic and support services to underrepresented STEM students including the development of tracking and curriculum pathways , integration of academic and support services into STEM learning communities , and in-depth faculty and staff development .
This grant will help SBCC address a shift in employment trends , according to Dr. Jack Friedlander , SBCC acting superintendent/president .
“ More jobs are being developed in the fields of science , engineering and science , ” Friedlander said . “ This grant will help us increase our resource capacity to give students the skills they need to compete effectively in today 's global environment . ”
This grant , along with the $ 3 million HSI grant that SBCC received last year to develop the Express to Success Program to increase and accelerate the success , progression , degree completion and transfer preparation of students , brings the total to more than $ 7 million in student support .
While these grants dollars are critical for student program development , Dr. Friedlander noted there is a continued need for fundraising from the community through the Foundation for Santa Barbara City College .
“ Students need our support from many fronts , ” Friedlander said . “ For instance , both our Express to Transfer and Express to Success Programs require that the students be enrolled full time because of the accelerated pace . Many of these students need financial assistance in order to make this level of commitment , and these federal grants can not be used for this purpose .
“ The Foundation for SBCC annually provides scholarships and additional academic and support services for our students , and we are very grateful for the community 's generosity . The extra support from the Foundation can make or break a student 's dreams in achieving his or her educational goals . ”
— Joan Galvan is a public information officer for SBCC .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
5 most common toxins found in California drinking water
These five common contaminants are most likely to be found in California 's drinking water . See what they are and how they impact the health of the people that consume the water that they contaminate .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
According to court records , on Dec. 13 of 2015 , Detroit Lakes police received a report about a suspicious vehicle parked near City Park . A police officer saw a syringe on the car seat , and also two folded pieces of paper that turne dout to contain heroin , Nason admitted he paid $ 20 a `` dub '' for them .
He has a prior felony drug conviction from 2007 .
Nason appeared Feb. 1 before District Judge Jay Carlson , who sentenced him to 33 months in prison , stayed 20 years . He was ordered to serve 60 days in jail , with credit for two days served . Sentencing to Service privileges were granted , and he can be furloughed for chemical dependency treatment .
He was fined $ 1,000 plus $ 1,160 in court fees . He was ordered to get a chemical dependency evaluation and follow the recommendations , and was placed on supervised probation for 20 years .
If you are entering Indian Country or another school zone , be prepared for traffic .
`` They definitely need to leave earlier and that is anytime for any school zone , particularly for this one but leave yourself enough time so that when traffic does back that you are not rushed , the kids are n't going to be late for school , they are n't going to be late for work and nobody is trying to short cut , '' said Officer Jamie Hamrick , a prevention resource officer at schools in Bridgeport and member of the Bridgeport Police Department .
Drop off will be different this year at Johnson Elementary because of construction for the new school . A few things have changed to the drop off routine and parents and commuters need to be aware when traveling in front of the schools .
`` Johnson Avenue does not have the entrance that they had last year for Johnson Elementary School . This year all Johnson traffic will have to come down City Park Drive and then come behind the school , let their kids out or go into the parking lot and then proceed out because there is only one way in and one way out this year , '' explained Hamrick .
Parents must enter the City Park entrance and travel around the back of the school . The parking lot next to the school 's entrance has been repaved and is just for parent parking .
`` I will be out in the back actually this year trying to keep things moving along because the high school students will actually be coming down the same way and then parking behind the high school so I will be directing traffic back there but yes we will be having an increased police presence out along Johnson Avenue , making sure everyone is going the way they should be , '' added Hamrick .
The best advice Bridgeport Police can give the community ? Avoid Johnson Avenue if you are not part of school traffic and remember , Johnson Avenue is 15 m.p.h during school times .
1:40
A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
2:06
How Pacific Coast Lumber of SLO gives dead trees new life in people 's homes
1:35
—
THE HON . BILL SHORTEN MP
LEADER OF THE OPPOSITION
SHADOW MINISTER FOR INDIGENOUS AFFAIRS AND ABORIGINAL AND TORRES STRAIT ISLANDERS
MEMBER FOR MARIBYRNONG
* * *
Marriage equality is important , and it matters .
It 's not the biggest challenge Australia faces and it 's not something that requires a three-month campaign and a $ 122 million optional survey .
We can and should vote for marriage equality in the parliament . Just as we do on national security , on Medicare , on education , on the matters that touch the lives of every citizen of our nation .
But this government has decided that gay people should be subject to a different law-making process . They think LGBTI Australians should have to ask permission to be considered equal to other Australians .
This is a ridiculous waste of time and taxpayer money . We could put 1900 new teachers in our schools with this money . We could train 4,500 new nurses or fund the 1800 RESPECT domestic violence service for more than a decade .
But because of his weakness the Prime Minister is spending $ 122 million to try and save his own job .
We have already seen the ugliness this debate holds for LGBTI Australians and their families . Extremists are re-running their old smears against same-sex couples and their children .
This Prime Minister has gone from promising to call out extreme voices , to saying they 're entitled to their view . He 's gone from guaranteeing ‘ a respectful debate ' to saying ‘ it 's up to individuals ' .
He calls that ‘ strong leadership ' . Strong leaders do n't need to say ‘ I 'm a strong leader ' , they prove it with their actions . By acting on their convictions , by fighting for what they believe in .
Now we have learned that the Australian Electoral Rules wo n't even apply to this vote . No protection against ballot fraud , electoral bribery , intimidation , interfering with the electoral roll , publishing misleading and deceptive material .
Now Malcolm Turnbull is giving his blessing to billboards , websites , pamphlets , TV advertising and online material that will vilify and demean LGBTI Australians and their children .
We know this bile will end up in the playground , the schoolyard and the sporting field . The slogans will be shouted at the children of same-sex couples , young people who are gay will be confronted by it on social media , every day .
I expected more from Malcolm Turnbull , I really did . I hold him personally responsible for every hurtful bit of filth that this debate will unleash . Not because the Prime Minister has said it , not because he agrees to it , he clearly does n't . But he has licensed this debate .
He is the leader , and he has given permission . For that , I will never look at Malcolm Turnbull in the same light ever again .
I can understand that an LGBTI person receiving a survey with the Australian coat-of-arms on the corner of the envelope asking everyone else to decide if you are equal , I can understand if you just wanted to just chuck that insulting question in the bin .
But let me say to you , that is exactly what they want you to do . The strongest supporters of this survey have always been the most vocal opponents of marriage equality .
They have stacked the deck against young people , against expats , against Australians who support equality but regard this vote as a waste of time . The opponents of marriage equality have set this process up to fail .
But the most powerful act of resistance and defiance is to vote yes for equality .
Maintain your hope , maintain your enthusiasm . Vote yes and make sure that your friends and relatives and colleagues and classmates and teammates vote yes too . Get your name on the electoral roll today , make your voice heard .
Voting yes is not about endorsing this illegitimate process , it 's about refusing to walk past our fellow Australians when they need us .
It is time now to get involved . It 's time to organise and fight for equality .
This survey is costly , unnecessary and places unfair pressure on one group of Australians to justify their relationships .
But there is one thing this survey will not do . It will not change Labor 's support for marriage equality . If this is not resolved by the next election , a new Labor government will legislate to make marriage equality a reality within the first 100 days . No slew of discredited surveys will deter us .
But in the end this is n't a Liberal vs Labor debate – it is about our fellow Australians .
So my final message is to LGBTI Australians around our nation .
I know this has been heartbreaking . I know you are frustrated and angry and sad and bewildered by how it has come to this .
But I want you to know you are not alone in the fight ahead . We support marriage equality – and we will stand with you to make it happen .
It should n't be happening like this , there is a better way and I wish it had succeeded .
And there will be times over the next few months when you will hear and read terrible things about you and your families , about your lives and your identities , and I am sorry for that .
But I can give you this solemn promise : when you feel like you do n't have a voice , we will speak up for you . When you feel attacked , we will defend you . When we hear prejudice and discrimination – we will call it out .
I will be voting yes in this plebiscite – and I will be campaigning for a yes vote .
I will do my bit , and I encourage people to join the movement for marriage equality , because no true leader is every too busy to fight for a fair go in this country .
And to young Australians who are gay , let me say that I will be voting yes in this plebiscite because of you – because you are equal , because you are Australian .
Because it 's not you who has to change – it 's our laws .
I will be voting yes because when you find someone you ca n't imagine life without , someone you love with all your heart , then you should have the right to marry them .
I 'll be voting yes , because of you – and I will be asking my fellow Australians to vote yes too .
www.alp.org.au/bill_shorten
TALLAHASSEE , Fla. ( AP ) — Gov . Rick Scott has signed legislation limiting most painkiller prescriptions to a three-day supply in response to the opioid crisis killing at least 16 Floridians every day .
Scott signed the bill — a top priority of the Republican governor and Legislature — on Monday in Manatee County , which suffered the most deaths in Florida in 2016 from fentanyl analogs . These synthetic versions of fentanyl were designed for veterinary use and can be 5,000 times more lethal than heroin .
The law also directs $ 53.5 million in grants to treatment programs , and updates Florida 's prescription database to facilitate tracking each patient 's medication history in the state and nationally .
The new prescription limits — which allow doctors to prescribe up to seven days in cases of acute pain — take effect July 1 .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Marvin Bagley , who may be the best basketball prospect that is not currently on an NBA roster , will be announcing where he will play his college basketball on Monday night .
We detailed the particulars of that decision last night — it will likely be as a member of the Class of 2017 , it 's so he can get into the 2018 NBA Draft , whether or not he 's eligible to play immediately at the college level this year is not the most important part of this decision .
Here , we 're going to talk impact .
What will Bagley 's commitment mean for the three schools * still in the mix ?
* ( At this point it does not appear that Arizona is still in the mix for the Arizona-native . Bagley only visited Duke , USC and UCLA this past month , Arizona does n't have a scholarship available and the program is currently in Spain for their team trip . If he does shock the world and pick the Wildcats , they will quite clearly be the preseason No . 1 team in the country . Bagley and Deandre Ayton could end up being the top two picks in June . )
DUKE
With Bagley in the mix , Duke — who are , as of this posting , my pick to land the 6-foot-11 forward — would have a very strong case to be slotted as the preseason No . 1 team in the country . Given the way that last season went , that may not go over all that well , but there 's a valid argument : The Blue Devils would start three freshmen — Bagley , Trevon Duval and Wendell Carter — that are top seven prospects in the class , according to 247 Sports composite rankings , and another who would be the No . 17 player in the class in Gary Trent Jr . They finally have a point guard to replace Tyus Jones in the for of Duval . Grayson Allen , the lone returnee from last year 's team , is finally healthy , according to Mike Krzyzewski , and on paper is a veteran leader and an all-american caliber player .
Youth would be a major issue , as Allen would likely be the only rotation player that is an upperclassman . Depth is going to be another problem as well , as Duke 's reserves will likely be made up of some combination of freshmen Alex O'Connell and Jordan Tucker and sophomore Marques Bolden and Javin DeLaurier .
But the talent there in undeniable , and unlike last season , the pieces actually fit together . Duval is a playmaker at the point , although he has a reputation for being more of an attacker than a ‘ pure point guard ' , while Trent and Allen are scorers with three-point range on the wing . Carter , who many believe to be the second-coming of Al Horford , should be able to handle his own on the block .
And then there 's Bagley , who is the ideal for what Duke is looking for at the four spot . He 's big enough that he can defend as a four — or even a five — but he 's skilled enough to play on the perimeter in four-around-one lineups . The Blue Devils do n't currently have a guy that can fill that Jayson Tatum , Jabari Parker , Justise Winslow , Brandon Ingram role , and Bagley might be better suited to do it than any of them .
At the very least he should being the most on the defensive end .
Which is why I think his arrival at Duke would make the Blue Devils a real national title contender , if not the favorite to win the whole thing .
USC
Imagine if the Trojans are able to land Bagley over Duke and UCLA . Andy Enfield beating out Coach K and Steve Alford for a recruit , particularly a recruit from the West Coast that played in Southern California last high school season ?
That would be a helluva statement to make .
It would also put USC firmly in the mix as the nation 's preseason No . 1 team . They 're already loaded , particularly in the front court . Bennie Boatwright and Chimezie Metu both returned to school for their junior seasons , and with the addition of Bagley , one of those three would be relegated to coming off of the bench . My guess is that it would be Metu simply because of the style that USC plays . They want to run the floor , they want to space the court , they want to fire up threes and score points in a hurry , and I think that Bagley 's ability to replace the rebounding that rim protection that Metu provides is better than his ability to provide the pure shooting ability of Boatwright .
Regardless , that front court , which is already one of the best in the country , would likely become the best with the addition of Bagley .
And when the Trojans already have a perimeter attack that includes veterans Jordan McLaughlin , Elijah Stewart and Derryck Thornton along with De'Anthony Melton , Jonah Mathews and Shaqquan Aaron , you 're looking at an absolutely loaded roster that perfectly fits the way Enfield wants to play .
UCLA
The Bruins are the interesting case here .
For starters , they are an Under Armour school , and Bagley has played on the Nike circuit the last two years . That 's not a dealbreaker , but the presence of LaVar Ball in and around that program , particularly with the one son ( LiAngelo ) every is already concerned about on the roster , it makes that landing spot seem somewhat unlikely .
But if Steve Alford does find a way to convince the Bagleys that UCLA is the best place for Marvin. , he would be a season-changing recruit . UCLA already has a loaded perimeter attack . Jaylen Hands is one of the best point guards in the Class of 2017 even though he may not even be the best point guard on UCLA 's roster for this season ; that title likely belongs to the ever-underrated Aaron Holiday . Throw in Kris Wilkes , Chris Smith , Prince Ali and Ball , and there are a ton of guard options here .
What they lack , however , is a proven four , someone who can play the role that T.J . Leaf played last season . Bagley can , and at a much higher level . That may be hard for someone like Cody Riley or G.G . Goloman to swallow , but Bagley 's skill alongside the ability of Thomas Welsh to pull defenders away from the rim is enticing .
UCLA is currently a top 20 team entering the season . With Bagley , they probably enter the top ten with a real shot of winning the Pac-12 .
We are so fortunate to be living in this bountiful area of the country , where there always seems to be wonderful things to eat in the farmers markets . I find that some of the produce I enjoy so much , other people rarely cook or eat . Standing at the stalls in the farmers markets I often get the question “ What do you do with that ? ” Here are some answers .
Leeks
I recently had some company over for dinner , and made what I think of as a very simple preparation of leeks in cream , and my guests that evening were almost licking their plates . It is sad to me that so few people cook this delicious , mild member of the allium family .
About the only tricky thing regarding preparing leeks is that they can be sandy , so the method for cleaning them is very important . What I like to do is to cut off the roots , and any excess green tops ( I usually use about 4 to 6 inches of the green top part , depending on the size of the leeks themselves ) and then split the leeks down the middle .
After that , cut them in 1/8-inch or so slices crosswise , and then put the slices into a big colander set in a bigger bowl of water . I actually use my lettuce spinner for this job , and it works perfectly , although I do n't need the spinning function . I wash them in at least two changes of water , swishing them around soundly , to make sure there is no more sand in the bottom of the bowl before draining them .
After that my two favorite ways to cook them are either in cream , or in olive oil . To make the leeks in cream , heat about one tablespoon of butter per big leek in a large pan . Add the washed and cut up leeks and stir until they begin to wilt . When the green color has brightened up and the leeks have softened , pour in some heavy cream , about two tablespoons per leek , and cook for another few minutes until tender . Season with salt and pepper and serve .
The second way , with olive oil , is to heat a bit of olive oil ( not extra-virgin , which you should reserve for serving uncooked ) in a big pan , add the cleaned and cut leeks and a bit of garlic , finely chopped . Stir and cook , seasoning with salt and pepper , until they are as tender as you like them to be . If they happen to get dry , add a splash or two of water .
Leeks are traditionally used in potato-leek soup , or vichyssoise , which is pureed and chilled potato-leek soup that is finished with some cream . They are also very nice in vegetable soup . You can also cook them until tender in beef or chicken broth with some fresh thyme , put them in a shallow casserole dish , and finish them with some good quality Parmesan cheese , dot them with a bit of butter , and put them under the broiler until they are speckled golden brown for a lovely gratin .
Celeriac
Celeriac , or celery root , is one of those vegetables that “ gets no respect , ” to quote a certain famous comedian . It is not the root of the common head of celery , but it is related . When I spoke to the farmer who had it on Tuesday , he told me it was the first of the season , and that he had just been waiting for it to get cold at night , as celeriac demands those kinds of conditions .
BAGHDAD – A suicide bomber driving a pickup loaded with explosives struck a bustling market in Baghdad on Monday , killing at least 36 people in an attack claimed by the Islamic State group hours after French President Francois Hollande arrived in the Iraqi capital .
The bomb went off in a fruit and vegetable market that was packed with day laborers , a police officer said , adding that another 52 people were wounded .
During a press conference with Hollande , Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said the bomber pretended to be a man seeking to hire day laborers . Once the workers gathered around , he detonated the vehicle .
IS claimed the attack in a statement circulated on a militant website often used by the extremists . It was the third IS-claimed attack in as many days in and around Baghdad , underscoring the lingering threat posed by the group despite a string of setbacks elsewhere in the country over the past year , including in and around the northern city of Mosul .
The attack took place in Sadr City , a vast Shiite district in eastern Baghdad that has been repeatedly targeted by Sunni extremists since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion .
Shiite militiamen loyal to Muqtada al-Sadr , the firebrand cleric for whose family the neighborhood is named , were seen evacuating bodies in their trucks before ambulances arrived . Dead bodies were scattered across the bloody pavement alongside fruit , vegetables and laborers ' shovels and axes . A minibus filled with dead passengers was on fire .
Asaad Hashim , an owner of a mobile phone store nearby , described how the laborers pushed and shoved around the bomber 's vehicle , trying to get hired .
`` Then a big boom came , sending them up into the air , '' said the 28-year old , who suffered shrapnel wounds to his right hand . He blamed `` the most ineffective security forces in the world '' for failing to prevent the attack .
An angry crowd cursed the government , even after a representative of al-Sadr tried to calm them . Late last month , Iraqi authorities started removing some of the security checkpoints in Baghdad in a bid to ease traffic for the capital 's 6 million residents .
`` We have no idea who will kill at any moment and who 's supposed to protect us , '' said Ali Abbas , a 40-year old father of four who was hurled over his vegetable stand by the blast . `` If the securities forces ca n't protect us , then allow us to do the job , '' he added .
Three smaller bombings elsewhere in the city on Monday killed another seven civilians and wounded at least 30 , according to medics and police officials . All officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief reporters .
Hollande meanwhile met with al-Abadi and President Fuad Masum , and later traveled to the self-governing northern Kurdish region to meet with French troops and local officials . There he pledged support for helping displaced Iraqis return to the city of Mosul , where Iraqi forces are waging a massive offensive against IS .
`` We must also prepare a political solution for Mosul 's post-liberation so that its inhabitants can live together , '' he said .
France is part of the American-led coalition formed in 2014 to fight IS after the extremist group seized large areas in Iraq and neighboring Syria . France has suffered multiple attacks claimed by the extremist group .
Since the Mosul operation started on Oct. 17 , Iraqi forces have seized around a quarter of the city . Last week , the troops resumed fighting after a two-week lull due to stiff resistance by the militants and bad weather .
Mosul is Iraq 's second largest city and the last major urban area in the country controlled by IS . Iraqi and U.S. commanders hope to drive IS from the city in the next three months .
-- -- --
Associated Press writers Lori Hinnant and Sylvie Corbet in Paris contributed .
Photo courtesy PGPD
Two men were shot in Seat Pleasant on Friday afternoon , one died from his gunshot wounds while the other suffered non-life-threatening injuries and is expected to survive , Prince George 's County Police say .
The victim is 30-year-old Jerry Merritt of Clovis Avenue in Seat Pleasant .
Seat Pleasant Police officers and Prince George 's County patrol officers were called to the 400 block of 69th Place for the report of a shooting . When they arrived , they found the victim outside suffering from gunshot wounds . He was taken to the hospital where he was pronounced dead .
Officers found a second victim suffering from a gunshot wound on the scene . He was also taken to the hospital for treatment of what are believed to be non-life-threatening injuries .
Detectives are working to identify a suspect ( s ) and motive in this case . A reward of up to $ 25,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and indictment in this case .
Anyone with information on this case is asked to call the Homicide Unit at 301-772-4925 .
Follow @ WPGC on Twitter
Follow @ YoungYasu on Twitter
Selena Gomez plays three characters in her new , 1970s-set “ Bad Liar ” video . Throughout the video , directed by Lemonheads co-founder Jesse Peretz , a teenager watches in shock as her mom begins a fling
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com : Watch Selena Gomez Play Mom , High School Principal in ‘ Bad Liar ' Video
…read more
Via : : Rolling Stone
Call-Up Worthy Central website gives fans an inside look at players ' journeys to Majors
SAN FRANCISCO , CA and ST. PETERSBURG , FL -- ( Marketwired - April 17 , 2017 ) - With the start of the Minor League Baseball™ ( MiLB™ ) season , Minor League Baseball celebrated the first group of Esurance # CallUpWorthy players of 2017 . A total of 30 players made their Major League Baseball® debut between April 2 and today , and are being featured on the Call-Up Worthy Central website at MiLB.com .
The enhanced site includes new features for 2017 , where fans can see real-time call-ups and read players ' stories as they follow the rising stars of baseball . Through player-centric content compiled in one place , fans can follow each player 's journey to `` The Show , '' and read about top prospects .
`` Through our MiLB and MLB partnerships we 're able to connect our brand with consumers through their passion for baseball at relevant , timely moments throughout the year , '' said Nancy Abraham , Vice President , Integrated Marketing Communications at Esurance . `` We 're looking forward to continuing our partnership this year and strengthening the integration between our Minor League and Major League efforts . ''
Last June , Esurance and Minor League Baseball announced a multi-year partnership making it the exclusive home and auto insurance partner of Minor League Baseball . Together they created the Esurance Call-Up Worthy platform , which launched exclusively on MiLB.com and MiLB team websites . The platform celebrates the iconic moment in Minor League Baseball when a player is called up to Major League Baseball® , highlighting his journey through shareable digital and social content such as virtual trading cards , video highlights and the Esurance Farm Report .
`` The first few weeks of the season have already proven that we 're in for another exciting season of watching baseball 's stars of tomorrow get the coveted call-up and begin to live out their dreams of reaching the Major Leagues , '' said David Wright , Chief Marketing & Commercial Officer for Minor League Baseball . `` Through the Esurance Call-Up Worthy campaign , we continue to celebrate these prospects , while giving fans the opportunity to share in each player 's journey . ''
To keep up with all the action as your favorite players follow their # CallUpWorthy dreams to the Big Leagues , visit www.MiLB.com/CallUpWorthy .
The Esurance Call-Up Worthy campaign has garnered several national awards and recognitions , including Esurance being named one of five finalists for Best Sports Sponsor at the SportBusiness Journal Sports Business Awards . The winners will be announced at the annual Sports Business Awards ceremony on May 24 at the New York Marriott Marquis at Times Square . Additionally , Minor League Baseball received the ADchievement Award for Best in Social/Mobile Media at the National Sports Forum in February .
About Minor League Baseball
Minor League Baseball , headquartered in St. Petersburg , Florida , is the governing body for all professional baseball teams in the United States , Canada , and the Dominican Republic that are affiliated with Major League Baseball® clubs through their farm systems . Fans are coming out in unprecedented numbers to this one-of-a-kind experience that can only be found at Minor League Baseball ballparks . In 2016 , Minor League Baseball attracted 41.3 million fans to its ballparks to see the future stars of the sport hone their skills . From the electricity in the stands to the excitement on the field , Minor League Baseball has provided affordable family-friendly entertainment to people of all ages since its founding in 1901 . For more information , visit www.MiLB.com .
Follow Minor League Baseball on Facebook , Instagram and Twitter .
About Esurance®
Esurance , insurance for the modern world® , provides auto , homeowners , motorcycle , and renters insurance direct to consumers online and over the phone . With an easy-to-use mobile app , helpful online tools like photo claims and Coverage Counselor® , and knowledgeable experts , Esurance is the smart choice for today 's web-savvy consumer . And as a member of the Allstate family , Esurance offers auto and home insurance with just a click , call , or tap away . For more information , visit esurance.com or call 1-800-ESURANCE ( 1-800-378-7262 ) .
Follow Esurance on the Esurance Blog , Facebook , Twitter , and YouTube .
Image Available : http : //www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/16/11G135944/Images/2017EsuranceCUW-bd606ea6011facacac421c7089a5ef74.jpg
VANCOUVER , BRITISH COLUMBIA -- ( Marketwired - Oct. 6 , 2017 ) - K92 Mining Inc. ( TSX VENTURE : KNT ) ( OTCQB : KNTNF ) ( `` K92 '' ) is pleased to announce the appointment of Mr. Chris Muller , PhD as Vice-President , Exploration and Mr. Gavin Ferguson as Senior Vice President Operations .
Mr. Muller has extensive international mining experience , including a decade of experience in Papua New Guinea ( `` PNG '' ) . His ten years of experience in PNG includes four years with the Morobe Mining Joint Venture ( Newcrest Mining/Harmony Gold ) as Geology Manager/Principal Geologist working on the Wafi - Golpu Project , where he led the Nambonga Porphyry and Golpu West/Golpu Deeps discovery team . Mr. Muller has also worked in Mongolia , Indonesia , Ghana and Australia .
Mr. Muller has a PhD in Tectonics/Biogeography of the Indo-Pacific using Rhopaloceran genetics and a High First Class honours degree from the Centre of Ore Deposit Research , University of Tasmania and a Bachelor of Science degree from Macquarie University .
Mr. Muller has been K92 Manager of Exploration since September 2016 and with a ramp up of exploration activity , moves into this more senior role within the organization .
While numerous porphyry targets exist throughout the large land package and initial work has been started to advance some of these targets , most initial exploration work is focused on exploring and expanding the high grade intrusive vein system in and around the Kora and Irumafimpa deposits .
Exploration drilling from underground has now commenced to follow up on the Kora extension discovery hole KMDD0009 which was the first exploration hole drilled from an underground set up between Irumafimpa and Kora ( see K92 News Release `` K92 Mining Discovers High Grade Extension of Kora Deposit in First Completed Exploration Hole '' May 24 , 2017 for details including true thickness ) . This hole recorded an intersection of 5.4 metres at 11.68 g/t gold , 25.5 g/t silver and 1.33 percent copper and occurred 500 metres along strike and 150 metres downdip from the closest point of the currently defined Kora deposit inferred resource . Kora is open for expansion and strongly mineralized at the extent of drilling along strike in both directions and at depth .
K92 is also pleased to announce that it has appointed Mr. Gavin Ferguson as Senior Vice President Operations . Mr. Ferguson has over 25 years ' experience in the Mining Industry and has worked in Africa , Australia and the Asia Pacific . He commenced his career with Anglogold Ashanti in South Africa and has extensive experience in the successful development and operations of underground gold and platinum mines .
Mr. Ferguson comes with an extremely strong technical and operating background in underground mining having worked in various management roles from Section Manager to General Manager and Chief Operating Officer with various companies including Anglogold Ashanti , Anglo Platinum , Platinum Australia , Brandrill and Planet Mining . He also spent several years as Principal Advisor - Underground Mines with Newmont Asia Pacific .
Mr. Ferguson commenced his involvement with K92 Mining in March 2016 as Mining Operations Manager and subsequently was appointed General Manager , a position in which he has been instrumental in guiding the restart of mining operations .
K92 Vice President Exploration , Chris Muller , PGeo , a qualified person under the meaning of Canadian National Instrument 43-101 , has reviewed and is responsible for the technical content of this news release . Data verification by Mr. Muller includes significant time onsite reviewing drill core , surface exposures , underground workings and discussing work programs and results with exploration personnel .
On behalf of the company ,
John Lewins , Chief Executive Officer and Director
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider ( as that term is defined in the policies of the TSXV ) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release .
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION : This news release includes certain `` forward-looking statements '' under applicable Canadian securities legislation . Forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that , while considered reasonable , are subject to known and unknown risks , uncertainties , and other factors which may cause the actual results and future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements . All statements that address future plans , activities , events or developments that the Company believes , expects or anticipates will or may occur are forward-looking information , including statements regarding the realization of the preliminary economic analysis for the Project , expectations of future cash flows , the proposed plant expansion , potential expansion of resources and the generation of further drilling results which may or may not occur . Forward-looking statements and information contained herein are based on certain factors and assumptions regarding , among other things , the market price of the Company 's securities , metal prices , exchange rates , taxation , the estimation , timing and amount of future exploration and development , capital and operating costs , the availability of financing , the receipt of regulatory approvals , environmental risks , title disputes , failure of plant , equipment or processes to operate as anticipated , accidents , labour disputes , claims and limitations on insurance coverage and other risks of the mining industry , changes in national and local government regulation of mining operations , and regulations and other matters .. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate , as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements . Accordingly , readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements . The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements , whether as a result of new information , future events or otherwise , except as required by law .
ABC News ( CINCINNATI ) — It 's the dream of any amateur musician to play on stage under the big lights and in front of a packed crowd , and now that dream has become a reality for one very special musical prodigy .
Takako Frautschi teaches piano to many talented musicians at the College-Conservatory of Music at the University of Cincinnati , but it 's not often one of her pupils is chosen to play a Mozart concerto on stage with the Cincinnati Pops .
Especially when that pupil is only 9 years old .
“ She has such a gift , ” I know she is so young , [ but she 's ] feeling the music in such a mature way . She closes her eyes and plays from her heart , Frautschi told local ABC affiliate WCPO .
When young Sophia Suwiryo found out she would soon be playing with the Cincinnati Pops , she and Frautschi immediately got to work .
“ She has only been given two months to learn it , ” Frautschi said . “ It requires a lot of practice just to be aware of every note . ”
It takes most of Frautschi 's college students about a year to perfect the piece , but not Sophia — she mastered it within two weeks , Frautschi said .
Michael Suwiryo and Cindy Tanudji said they try and keep their daughter stimulated with several activities . She also attends Chinese school , swimming lessons and chess lessons .
Suwiryo said even before Sophia was born he would place headphones playing classical music on either side of his wife 's pregnant belly .
“ I heard about the Mozart effect , ” he said .
Tanudji was not as convinced , “ I was like , ‘ OK , whatever . ' I just watched comedy-drama on TV ” she said .
Frautschi said Sophia 's parents refer to her as “ the boss. ” She truly loves playing piano and does n't get tired .
“ Anything I demand , she gets back to me with everything I assigned , and everything seems so easy for her , ” said Frautschi .
Tanudji said her daughter wants to learn to play other instruments as well .
“ We 're holding back right now , ” she said . “ She keeps surprising us all of the time . We know she loves piano , but never knew she was capable of playing this tough music . It 's beyond her age … every year , she surprises us . ”
Sophia , who has been playing piano since she was 4 , said she was ecstatic to learn that she was invited to play with the Pops .
“ I was screaming and very happy . I am blessed that I get to play there , ” she said . “ It feels like I 'm a famous person , that I can be with them on stage . ”
Sophia said she gets inspiration from both her parents .
“ That is one of the things I want to be , [ a pianist ] , ” Sophia said . “ I might want to be a surgeon , too . ”
Her parents said they 're nervous but also incredibly proud of their daughter .
“ It 's a huge opportunity that I never dreamed for my daughter , that can go and perform at such an awesome place , ” Tanudji said . “ There will be 3,500 people — that is like playing at the [ Cincinnati ] Bengals stadium . ”
“ It makes me forget she is only 9 , ” her father added .
Sophia will have her big day in the spotlight Saturday morning at Cincinnati Music Hall .
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Love Island may look like two months of fun , fun , fun in the sun , sun , sun , but , if you think about it , there are a lot of emotional elements to take into consideration . So the people of ITV have made sure there 's something in place to help the Islanders when it all becomes too much .
Producers employ a professional psychologist to stay in the grounds of the villa so there is always someone for the contestants to talk to when the pressures of the show start taking their toll .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
An ITV source told Mirror Online : “ The Islanders have access to an on-site psychologist at all times .
Chris was open and honest about his struggles in the villa ITV
“ They can also talk to any of the production staff if they need to , who will step in if they notice something is n't right . ”
Host Caroline Flack recently revealed that a number of the hopefuls have no idea how stressful the whole experience will be when they apply , and how much it will change their lives once they leave the villa .
ITV
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“ All of the main reality shows like Big Brother , X Factor and so on , they all have someone to help out with situations like that , ” she told Glamour .
“ The Islanders ' lives change dramatically when they leave the house . It 's crazy . Remember what happened to Terry Walsh [ in 2016 ] ? There are peaks and troughs . It 's needed . ”
Love Island 2018 starts Monday 4th June , 9pm on ITV2 .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- As the metro celebrated the new year , some families in Kansas City were hiding from gunfire . As the clock struck midnight , celebratory shots were fired and homes were hit by stray bullets .
“ We were just sitting on the couch watching a movie and we heard this bang . ”
When Stephanie Swanson 's husband went to look , he found a bullet hole in their sliding door . The two began to panic as their three young children were sleeping soundly upstairs .
“ There was a moment there of 15 minutes , where we were n't exactly sure how to keep them safe , ” Swanson said .
Police believe someone sent a celebratory shot into the air 5 blocks away from their Hyde Park home .
“ I 'm so thankful that it went through this window and not the bedroom window on the second floor . It easily could 've been in my sons bed . ”
Across Kansas City , another metro mom knows the feeling . Jamie Moore came home to find a bullet hole in her ceiling and a bullet fallen right next to her 4-year-old daughter 's favorite spot to play .
“ Makes you think twice about where you live , if you 're safe in your own home , ” Moore said .
On an evening that is supposed to be all about celebrations with loved ones and finding a fresh start , two metro moms are ridden with what-if 's and unsettling anxiousness that they ca n't shake .
“ When you fire a gun into the air , sure it 's fun for the moment . Until you are the one who is responsible for a bullet going through someone 's bedroom window , ” Swanson said .
“ We get to go to Home Depot and buy a new door and we 're fine . So many parents , that 's not their reality . A few minutes of fun on New Year 's Eve is not worth that ever . ”
If you 're caught shooting gun within city limits , you 'll be charged with a misdemeanor .
R.A. Smith names new president
hello
NAPERVILLE -- R.A. Smith National , headquartered in Brookfield with an office in Naperville , announced Richard ( Ricky ) A. Smith , Jr. , P.E. , will assume the role of company president , succeeded current President Richard A. Smith , M.S. , P.E. , effective Jan. 1 , 2018 .
Ricky Smith has over 15 years of experience at R.A. Smith National , which includes serving as director of the Land Development Services division overseeing operations in Brookfield , Wis. , Irvine , Calif. and Naperville . Ricky is a graduate of Northwestern University with a B.S . in civil engineering and economics .
Richard Smith will remain involved in the company as CEO , serving in an advisory and support role .
R.A. Smith National has planned the change in leadership over the last two years to ensure a smooth and seamless transition for clients , business partners and employees .
For more information , contact project engineer Max Kashanian at 805.564.5450 or . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
From 7 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday , the City of Santa Barbara will conduct street maintenance activities on Carrillo Street between San Andres and De la Vina streets .
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks , a new feature in which you ask the questions , you help decide what Noozhawk investigates , and you work with us to find the answers .
Here 's how it works : You share your questions with us in the nearby box . In some cases , we may work with you to find the answers . In others , we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope . And we 'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic .
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together . Noozhawk 's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness , and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it .
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section . Once or twice a month , we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered .
Thanks for asking !
Click Here to Get Started >
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
There 's been more Love Island splits than we 've had hot dinners over the past few months , but Amber Davies and Kem Cetinay 's recent break-up still came as a surprise .
While it was obvious some of the 2017 alumni were never going to make it past the first weeks * cough cough , Jonny and Georgia * , we thought Kember may actually be the real deal . Or make it past Christmas , at least .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
ITV
But announcing their break-up in a joint statement last week , both Kem and Amber said it was a mutual decision , blaming their newfound fame and hectic schedules for the split .
It seemed there was nothing more to the story than a sad ending , however it 's since been claimed that Amber has got back together with 'ex-boyfriend ' Sonny Hall .
According to The Sun , the pair `` could n't keep their hands off each other '' at Essex nightclub Sugar Hut on the weekend . A source also told the newspaper that she was filmed on Instagram stories cuddling up to Sonny 's puppy at his house the following morning .
Instagram Amber Davies
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Amber , however , has hit back at the claims . Having seen there reports , she told her Instagram followers : `` So this morning I woke up to some very interesting stories about me .
`` Do n't believe everything you read , guys . It 's honestly not true . Me and Sonny have literally been friends for absolutely years and he 's not my ex-boyfriend . ''
Literally friends for absolutely years . You hear that , people ?
Amber , who chose a bear filter and squeaky voice for the announcement , added : `` On a lighter note , it 's Christmas . So let 's just be happy and spread the love and happiness and peace . ''
When Nintendo 's Switch first launched , it was n't immediately clear if the console would post strong initial sales and then fade away , like the Wii U did , or if this would be the system to put Nintendo back on the gaming map . It 's now obvious that the Switch 's early surge was no outlier ; the console has already moved over 5 million units and has outsold the PS4 and Xbox One in North America four times in the past six months , according to NPD Group . Clearly , Nintendo 's early issues with its JoyCon controllers or reports that the Switch could warp in certain circumstances have had no impact on the console 's popularity .
One issue that Nintendo still has n't sorted , however , is the question of external game backups . Currently , the Switch simply ca n't perform this basic function that 's been baked into game consoles since the original Playstation . Nor is this some kind of unreasonable request for a gaming handheld that 's meant to be carried in pockets and backpacks , taken to other people 's houses , and shared between family members . Handheld and portable devices tend to suffer more breakdowns than other types of equipment for this reason , and at least some Switches , statistically , will suffer premature hardware failures . However good Nintendo 's manufacturing process may be , there 's no such thing as a product with a zero-percent defect rate , and that means some Switch buyers are going to get bitten through no fault of their own .
Nintendo 's overriding concern is to prevent piracy of Switch titles . But this may be a futile , losing battle , as Ars Technica details . Not only are the company 's customers anxious for a solution , at least some hacking teams appear to be explicitly motivated by a desire to create a feature Nintendo wo n't provide officially , and at least some customers are willing to hack their Switches to get it .
This makes sense , given how long certain games are , and particularly if you 're a completionist who nails down every last achievement or gear drop . I 've got a collection of save games I 've archived from titles I have n't touched in years , but that I want to have access to in case I return to them at some point in the future . Back when the original Nintendo launched , losing a Super Mario Bros. game session could be enraging , but once you 'd mastered the game , Super Mario Bros. could be beaten in a reasonable amount of time . Battery backups were reserved for titles like Final Fantasy , Dragon Quest , and the Legend of Zelda , all of which took more than 2-3 hours to beat . HLTB–How Long To Beat–claims that The Legend of Zelda : Breath of the Wild has a median beat-time of 44 hrs , 39 minutes for the main story , with a whopping 170 hours , 57 minutes median beat-time for completionists . I would n't be happy if I lost access to a saved game that represented that kind of time investment , and I doubt most people would be .
Furthermore , it 's not as if keeping saved games locked to each individual Switch has prevented a nascent homebrew scene from kicking off anyway . Last month , hackers found a copy of NES Golf with motion controller support that appears to unlock only once per year on July 11 . That 's the day Satoru Iwata , Nintendo 's former CEO and President , died . There 's a homebrew and hacking space emerging around the Switch whether Nintendo wants to acknowledge it or not , and the company 's refusal to contemplate a consumer-friendly solution is only going to make things worse for it in the long run . The copy protection of the PS3 was demolished , in the long-term , after Sony killed OtherOS support out of fear that hackers would use it to run unauthorized titles and code on the PS3 . Instead of keeping the platform secure , all the company managed to do was piss the hacking community off .
There 's one final argument for why Nintendo should stop worrying and embrace a backup solution . Historically , Nintendo 's handheld devices go through multiple product iterations over time . The original 3DS debuted in 2011 , followed by the 3DS XL ( 2012 ) , Nintendo 2DS ( 2013 ) , New Nintendo 3DS ( 2015 ) , New Nintendo 3DS XL ( 2015 ) , and finally , the New Nintendo 2DS XL ( 2017 ) . At least some of these systems were undoubtedly purchased by gamers who already owned a previous member of the 3DS family and wanted to upgrade to a larger screen or faster system .
While it 's normal for console developers to migrate to lower process nodes and improved platforms over time , Nintendo has more reason than Sony or Microsoft to plan for this kind of shift in the long-term . The Tegra X1 chip inside the Switch is built on TSMC 's 20nm planar process node , not its newer FinFET 16nm node . Even if Nintendo skips TSMC 's 16nm altogether , we 'll see a refreshed 12nm node next year , followed by fairly rapid progressions to 10nm and 7nm . At some point , Nintendo 's going to want to tap the improved battery life it can tap for the Switch , even if it opts not to use any of that increased efficiency to improve the console 's performance in docked or handheld mode . If the company wants to sell existing customers on its newer hardware , it 'll be a heck of a lot easier if upgrading to a new Switch does n't mean leaving all previous saved games behind on a now-orphaned device .
Come on , Nintendo . Fix the problem now , and you wo n't have to worry about coming up with some last-minute kludge in the future .
As if the 305 was n't already a destination spot , Art Basel makes So-Flo the place to be .
Deco hit up some of the big events that highlighted one wild Art Basel weekend .
Drake dropped some beats on Miami Beach .
He stopped by The Maimi Beach EDITION hotel to treat fans to a VIP performance .
The eyes have it .
Vanessa Williams got up close and personal with a local photographer known as “ The Eye Guy ” for a special photoshoot .
Basel got notorious at the Faena Theater .
Sirius XM brought in Duran Duran to play for a couple hundred fans .
Hopefully they saved a prayer — and a couple aspirin — for the morning after .
Over at the W South Beach hotel , it was basketball Basel-style .
Rapper Tory Lanez was among the celebs getting their hoop on — on a court specially-designed for Rémy Martin .
Fashionistas gathered in Wynwood this weekend .
That 's where former “ Sex and the City ” costume designer Patricia Field hosted her sexy ArtFashion runway show .
Superfine ! in Midtown hosted its annual art fair that wo n't break your bank .
If you missed it — they 'll be back next year .
Alex Mitow , Superfine ! found/director : “ We try to keep the price points of the artwork in the fair affordable so that people can get excited about it , fall in love and then purchase a piece . ”
“ The ice cream social is a way to make art collecting fun . ”
Yeah , he said ice cream .
Contemporary art paired with the sweet stuff from Wynwood Parlor — a perfect duo , if you ask us .
Alysse Richardson , customer : “ Their ice cream kinda looks like art . It 's very similar to… as beautiful as some of those paintings . So yeah , I think it all goes hand-in-hand . ”
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Obaida Sedqi
Dubai : A lawyer defending a man on death row for kidnapping , raping and killing an eight-year-old boy has questioned the inconclusiveness of the medical report pertaining to his client 's sanity test before Dubai 's Cassation Court .
The Cassation Court ruling will be issued on February 27 .
In January , the Dubai Appeal Court upheld the death sentence against the Jordanian man , Nidal Eisa Abdullah , who was convicted of kidnapping and raping the 8-year-old Jordanian boy Obaida Sedqi before killing him on May 20 , 2016 .
A committee of psychoanalysts had examined Abdullah 's sanity and their psychiatric evaluation confirmed that the convict suffers an ‘ antisocial personality disorder with alcohol dependence ' .
Having been appointed earlier to defend the convict by the Appeal Court and again by the Cassation Court , advocate Ali Musabbeh argued in courtroom 22 on Monday : “ The medical report confirmed that my client suffers an antisocial personality disorder with alcohol dependence . The report was too general , not very clear and inconclusive … it lacked details that justify or explain why he suffers that disorder and why is he considered a danger to the society . The report just said that he is an antisocial person … It also lacked certain psychological and neurological tests , and had those tests been carried out , they would have given a clearer picture of the defendant 's mental state . ”
Presenting a 10-minute defence argument before presiding judge Abdul Aziz Abdullah and his five deputy cassation judges , advocate Musabbeh contended : “ Today , I am defending the law and not the crime . I am complementing the court 's role in ensuring that the law enforcement procedures are carried out properly . The appellate court should have approved our demand to have the defendant be re-examined … we [ as defence ] had asked the Appeal Court to resend Abdullah for second psychiatric evaluation to decide whether he suffers from a certain mental illness that makes him temporarily irresponsible for his actions and behaviours and particularly at the time when he committed the crime . ”
The lawyer further asked presiding judge to overturn the appellate judgement and refer the case to a new panel of appeal judges to look into it again .
The accused was sentenced to death after he was convicted of kidnapping Sedqi from his father 's garage in Sharjah and then raping and killing him in Al Mamzar .
Abdullah had earlier denied kidnapping and raping the victim but pleaded guilty to murdering the victim .
He was also ordered to pay Dh21,000 in temporary compensation to the boy 's family .
Records said the accused lured the boy to his car by offering to buy him a scooter and then he drove to Al Mamzar area in Dubai . There , he moved the victim to the back seat and had forced sex with him . He assaulted the boy before he strangled him with a red gotra when the victim tried to defend himself .
Nicola Sturgeon has vowed to `` stand up for Scotland '' following Theresa May 's shock announcement that a general election will be held on 8 June , and said it could reinforce her plans for another independence referendum . In a tweet shortly after the prime minister 's announcement on Tuesday morning , Scotland 's first minister said that May was trying to `` force through a hard Brexit '' , `` impose deeper cuts '' , and `` move the UK to the right '' .
The Tories see a chance to move the UK to the right , force through a hard Brexit and impose deeper cuts . Let 's stand up for Scotland . # GE17
In a later statement , she called May 's announcement `` one of the most extraordinary U-turns in recent political history '' and accused the prime minister of putting the `` interests of her party ahead of those of the country '' . “ She is clearly betting that the Tories can win a bigger majority in England given the utter disarray in the Labour party , '' said the first minister . “ This will be – more than ever before – an election about standing up for Scotland , in the face of a right-wing , austerity-obsessed Tory government with no mandate in Scotland but which now thinks it can do whatever it wants and get away with it . '' Sturgeon had been due to set out in the near future how she would advance her plans for a second referendum on independence . On the topic of another vote , she said : “ In terms of Scotland , this move is a huge political miscalculation by the prime minister . “ It will once again give people the opportunity to reject the Tories ' narrow , divisive agenda , as well as reinforcing the democratic mandate which already exists for giving the people of Scotland a choice on their future . “ The SNP will always put the people of Scotland first – and between now and June 8th we will work harder than ever to retain the trust of the people , ” she said .
In the 2015 general election , the SNP won 56 seats and the Lib Dems , Conservatives , and Labour won a seat each in Scotland . Since 2015 , two SNP MPs have become independent MPs due to legal complications . Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson said her party is `` optimistic '' about increasing its number of seats in June 's election , and that she will use the campaign to argue against a second independence referendum . `` In Scotland , we will have a clear election message – only a vote for the Scottish Conservatives will ensure we get the strong leadership we need to get the best Brexit deal for the whole country , '' said Davidson . “ And only a vote for the Scottish Conservatives will send a strong message that we oppose SNP 's divisive plan for a second referendum . '' Davidson added : “ The choice is simple : It 's between a strong government led by Theresa May working to get the best Brexit deal , or a weak Labour government , led by Jeremy Corbyn , which can not stand up to the SNP . ''
Scottish Labour 's only MP , Ian Murray , told BuzzFeed News that he would be defending his seat on his `` proud record '' and not on `` constitutional nonsense '' , adding : `` We said at the last general election that a Tory government would be bad for the country and that is what has happened . `` I 'll be fighting my seat on my proud record of local service and be clearly saying we must stop all this constitutional nonsense for the sake of the people we represent . '' The leader of the Scottish Liberal Democrats , Willie Rennie , said his party would `` relish '' the chance of a general election to argue that Scotland should stay in the UK and that the UK should stay in the European single market . “ At this election we will stand proud for a United Kingdom within the European single market , '' said Rennie . “ We will avoid a disastrous hard Brexit and keep Britain united – Liberal Democrats are only party that can stop a Conservative majority across the UK . “ If people want a Britain that is open , tolerant and united , this is the chance . ”
October 6 , 2017
In the wake of murder charges being filed in Cass County against Kylr Yust , Jackson County on Friday will dismiss its pending felony case against Yust of Knowingly Burning in connection with the setting on fire in 2016 of a vehicle connected to Jessica Runions .
“ The prosecutors in Jackson and Cass have agreed that we could best pursue justice by working together on this case , ” said Jackson County Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker . “ My office will work with Cass County in a joint commitment to the pursuit of justice for the victims in this case . ”
Cass County Prosecutor Ben Butler has requested that Yust , currently in custody in Jackson County , be held on a $ 1 million bond . Yust should be transferred this afternoon to Cass County .
The Jackson County Prosecutor 's Office met this week with the Runion 's family regarding its joint effort with Cass County to prosecute Yust and the dismissal of the pending case in Jackson County . The family wished to express their support of the joint effort and said their only concern was seeking justice for their daughter .
* Charges are only accusations and the defendant is presumed innocent unless and until the defendant is either found guilty or has pleaded .
Floods and lightning have been forecast to hit Birmingham again - just days after a storm brought chaos .
A weather warning lasting for an astonishing 34 hours is in place for the West Midlands , lasting from Thursday 11am until 9pm on Friday .
Thunderstorms could bring `` torrential rain '' with 40mm forecast to fall in one hour in some areas of the West Midlands .
Frequent lightning and large hail are possible , forecasters warned .
We will bring you all the latest on the weather in the updates below , throughout the next two days .
The forecasts come just days after heavy storms saw homes and streets flooded across Birmingham and the Black Country .
One man died in the early hours of Monday ( May 28 ) after his vehicle was submerged in flood water in Walsall .
The victim , who is believed to be in his 80s , was taken to hospital but pronounced dead a short time later .
The Railway Department states that nearly 20 trains to be used by office goers have been added to the service today for the convenience of the commuters .
The General Manager S.M Abeywickrama said that the trains will run along the upcountry , coastal and Kelani railway lines covering all the main rail lines .
The CEO added that steps will be taken regarding employees who do not report for work before the end of the day .
He said that the military may be engaged if needed to secure railway property .
According to the General Manager , the police is currently deployed in all railway stations and trains .
Meanwhile , the Railway Trade Unions say that they will continue their strike action for the fourth day due to the failure of discussions held last afternoon .
( News First )
Jos – A Jos High Court on Wednesday dismissed a case against Assemblies of God Nigeria and six other clergies for lack of merit .
Justice Christine Dabup of State High Court IV declared that the Church was not a juristic person or individual to be sued as contained in section 5 ( 91 ) ( 96 ) of the Allied Matters Act .
Reverends Yohanna Bot-Dalyop , Luka Daniel , Daniel Billy , John Vwashi , Samuel Panchi and Samuel Chung-Pam of the Assembly of God Nigeria had on May 22 , 2017 , sued seven other fellow clergies and the Commissioner of Police in Plateau .
The plaintiffs accused the defendants of not allowing them access to the Church in Jos .
The clergies sued include Jacob Langs , Daniel Saje , Bulus Sambo , James Gyang , Luka Dung , Dachung Delson and Dusu Alison as well as the police commissioner as 1st to 8th defendants .
The Plaintiffs through their Counsel Mr I.O . Onah , prayed the court to interpret a Supreme court Judgement of Feb. 24 , 2017 , which they ( plaintiffs ) claimed did not prevent them from being members of the church , nor from holding any leadership position .
They equally asked the court to issue an order to the defendants to allow them unhindered access to the Jos District branches of the church as agreed between the plaintiffs to the defendants including the security agents .
The plaintiffs also demanded for N5million as damages from the defendants as well as an apology for their arrest , harassment , invitations , prosecution and detention .
But the defendants through their counsels , Messers Lawrence Erewele and Obi Ehiabhi , objected to the plaintiff claims and declared that the High Court lacked the jurisdiction to entertain the matter already decided upon by the Supreme Court .
“ For the plaintiffs , who have been ex-communicated and expelled from the church to come back through the back door seeking the interpretation of a judgement of a Supreme Court is but an exercise in futility .
“ My Lord , this court , as a lower court , lacks the jurisdiction to entertain this matter and so should be dismissed for lack of merit , `` Erewele argued .
Ehiabhi , in his own preliminary objection , described the action of suing the leadership of the Assemblies of God Nigeria and the church as an entity as incompetent .
“ Looking at section 5 ( 91 ) ( 96 ) of the Allied Matters Act , Assembly of God Nigeria as a Church can not be sued because it is not a juristic person or individual ; only the Board of Trustees can be sued . ''
“ I , therefore , pray this honourable court to strike out this case for lack of merit and competence , `` Ehiabhi said .
The Judge , in her ruling upheld all the prayers in the preliminary objections raised by counsels to the defendants and struck out the case for lack of merit .
“ Having looked at the preliminary objections of the two counsels to the defendants , I hereby uphold all the reliefs sought for considering section 5 ( 91 ) ( 96 ) of the Allied Matters Act .
“ I , therefore , hold that the suit filed by the plaintiffs failed , and is hereby dismissed and struck out for lack of merit , `` Dabup declared .
In addition , the judge awarded a cost of N30 , 000 in favour of the two sets of preliminary objections raised by the two defence counsels .
Speaking to newsmen shortly after the ruling , Ehiabhi , described it as ` brilliant and very sound ' .
“ By this ruling , the sponsors of the crisis in the Assembly of God Nigeria ( North ) in particular have been exposed and failed in their quest to create a separate Northern Church of the Assemblies of the God Nigeria , '' he said . ( NAN )
Ulster will face international opposition for the first time in a decade when they host Uruguay in a special fixture at Kingspan Stadium on Friday , 9 November .
The fixture against ‘ Los Teros ' , who are currently ranked 18th in the world , will be another key fixture for Uruguay as they continue their preparations for the 2019 Rugby World Cup , where they will be joined by Australia , Wales , Georgia and Fiji in Pool D .
It will be Ulster 's first game against an international side since the visit of Portugal in November 2008 .
The majority of the Uruguay team ply their trade in the local league , Campeonato Uruguayo , while a number are also based in France , most notably veteran lock Rodrigo Capó Ortega who has amassed over 300 appearances for Top14 side Castres .
`` We 're delighted to be hosting another unique game at Kingspan Stadium against an ambitious developing rugby nation , '' Ulster 's Rugby Operations Director , Bryn Cunningham said .
`` Challenges against international sides used to be a lot more common so this fixture certainly has a nostalgic feel to it , and it is one that we are all very much looking forward to .
Uruguay Rugby Union President Sebastián Piñeyrua said it will be a great opportunity to test themselves with the World Cup on the horizon .
`` Ulster is a strong and successful club with a proud tradition so we were more than happy to accept this invitation and we look forward to visiting the province . ''
OAKLAND PARK , FLA. ( WSVN ) - Authorities are seeking the public 's help in locating two men who , they said , targeted a pet supply store in Oakland Park for its laptops .
Broward Sheriff 's Office detectives said the subjects posed as customers when they entered the Puppy Boutique Store , located along North Federal Highway and Northeast 40th Street , Aug. 29 .
Investigators said one of the thieves left the store while his accomplice unlocked the side door and briefly looked outside . It was at that moment that , officials said , the other thief returned , grabbed the Dell and Acer laptops and left out the side door .
Investigators said the subject who was captured on surveillance video taking the computers is bald or has a shaved head , has a trimmed beer and has tattoos in his left forearm . He was seen wearing a gold watch , a gray T-shirt , blue jeans and blue shoes with a white trim .
His accomplice was described as heavy-set , and he was last seen wearing camo shorts and a red shirt adorned with the U.S. flag and a bald eagle .
If you know who they are or have any information on their whereabouts , call Broward County Crime Stoppers at 954-493-TIPS . Remember , you can always remain anonymous , and you may be eligible for a $ 3,000 reward .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
FUNAAB Alumni supports students with 10 mini buses
As part of efforts to boost transportation of students within and outside campus , FUNAAB Alumni Association has supported the institution with 10 mini Suzuki branded shuttle buses to join its fleet of buses .
Presenting the buses to the Vice-Chancellor , Federal University of Agriculture , Abeokuta ( FUNAAB ) , Professor Kolawole Salako , the President of the Alumni Association , Mr. Olusola Tobun , stated that the shuttle buses are meant to support movement of students within the University and it 's neighbourhood like Isolu , Harmony Estate , the First Gate , Hostels , Farm , and other locations .
Mr. Tobun disclosed that the Association is also considering bringing in long buses while adding that their fares would be affordable .
Responding , the Vice-Chancellor thanked the Association for the noble gesture which he said was timely and helpful , particularly in addressing the transportation challenge which has been giving Management concern .
He said : “ Last week Monday we had just seven buses working but by today we can boast of about twelve that are working and more are still being repaired . Apart from that the security men internal and external are taking care of coordinating activities around camp junction and moving students to a location where there wo n't be congestion and where there wo n't be any problem ” .
Professor Salako pointed out that so far , this has assisted in alleviating the traffic jam that was experienced last week at Camp junction , adding that “ more buses are on the road now , the organisation is better and Management has started reviewing students Time Table so that we do n't have too many students coming to the park at the same time . We are going to engage the Student Union to sensitize the students to always come in such a way that the batches will be convenient for the buses to pick them according to their time table ” .
Lauding the Association further , Professor Salako disclosed that only recently , the Alumni donated the sum of one million naira to the University for the Computerization of the Exams and Records Unit to facilitate the processing of transcripts .
He assured the Association of the highest level of transparency in the utilisation of the fund , adding that a committee which would include two Alumni would be set up to oversee the spending of the funds and report to the Deputy Vice-Chancellor ( Academic ) and the Registrar .
The Vice-Chancellor solicited for more support , saying , “ We will be expecting more support from the Alumni . My thanks to every Alumnus , those around and even those in diaspora and we want to believe we would have stronger ties ” .
CORAL SPRINGS , Fla. - Baby Dominic could n't wait . He was born in the middle of a street in Coral Springs Friday night . He weighed 7 pounds and 11 ounces .
His proud dad , Ross Fallacaro , was grateful for the Coral Springs Fire Department firefighters who showed up to help his wife , Christina Fallacaro , a licensed midwife . She was expecting Dominique to be born on Valentine 's Day .
Dominic had other plans . Christina Fallacaro started having contractions . Ross Fallacaro was driving when she told him the baby was coming . He said he was forced to stop in the middle of a busy intersection at Rock Island and Sample roads . He said his wife told him call 911 .
So with the help of firefighters , Christina Fallacaro gave birth in the back seat of the SUV around 5:30 p.m. in middle of rush hour traffic .
Ross Fallacaro told Local 10 News that the early arrival was n't the baby 's only surprise .
`` First off , we did n't know we were having a boy , '' Ross Fallacaro said Saturday . `` The whole experience is still just trying to sink in . Trying to absorb everything . ''
The Fallacaro family was at the hospital and their 2-year-old daughter was looking forward to meeting her baby brother .
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
Time 's Up — the legal defense fund started this year in light of the # MeToo movement — has called on New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo to investigate reports that Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance mishandled a sexual assault investigation into Harvey Weinstein in 2015 .
The letter , first reported by the Cut , calls on the governor to review why Vance 's office did not prosecute Weinstein after Italian model Ambra Battilana filed a report with the NYPD alleging she had been groped and harassed by the Hollywood mogul .
NYPD investigators convinced Battilana to meet with Weinstein again while wearing a wire to record their conversation . The New Yorker published the recording from the sting operation in October 2017 . On the tape , Weinstein can be heard admitting to groping Battilana , saying , “ I 'm used to that . Come on . Please . ... I wo n't do it again . ''
A NYPD source told the New Yorker they had `` more than enough evidence to prosecute Weinstein , '' but Vance reportedly decided not to move forward in the case under the premise that there was n't enough to support a criminal charge .
The Time 's Up letter was sent after New York Magazine reported on Vance 's handling of the case . According to the report published last week , Vance 's office allegedly worked to undermine Battilana because they were `` gun-shy '' about prosecuting high-profile defendants .
`` Reports that District Attorney Cyrus Vance could have been improperly influenced by Mr. Weinstein and/or his representatives , and that senior officials within the DA 's office may have sought to intimidate Battilana are particularly disturbing and merit investigation , '' the Time 's Up letter reads . `` Similarly , reports that the New York Police Department chose to isolate Battilana from Vance 's staff because they feared his office was actively working to discredit her story demand immediate scrutiny . ''
Danny Frost , a spokesperson for the Manhattan district attorney 's office says the New York Magazine story `` bears little resemblance to the facts . ''
“ The idea that our Office would shrink from the challenge of prosecuting a powerful man is belied by our daily work and unparalleled record of success on behalf of sexual assault survivors , '' Frost said in a statement .
The statement went on to explain how police and prosecutors play different roles in the justice system and have different standards of proof that govern their work .
`` From time to time we 'll have our disagreements , but we will never allow them to undermine this shared endeavor , '' the statement reads .
A lawyer for Weinstein said in statement that he 's `` stunned '' New York Magazine reported Battilana 's complaint `` without including the fact that in a sworn affidavit , Ambra stated in substance that her complaint against Harvey was the result of a misunderstanding and that her decision to report the incident to the police , was attributed by her to ‘ bad advice ' she received . NY Magazine also failed to mention the fact that her Affidavit was reviewed by her and her own attorneys , including her long time Italian lawyer before she signed it under oath . ''
( WSVN ) - Online retail giant Amazon has begun issuing refunds for fake solar eclipse glasses .
According to the company itself , sellers shipping out orders of questionable solar eclipse glasses , meant to protect people from lasting eye damage .
Amazon has started refunding customers who have already purchased the fake glasses , and said it will take the steps out of abundance of caution .
Affected customers , Amazon added , will be notified .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
FILE - Cowboys safety Byron Jones ( 31 ) , wide receiver Noah Brown ( 85 ) , defensive back Bene Benwikere ( 23 ) , owner Jerry Jones , defensive tackle Brian Price ( 92 ) , head coach Jason Garrett and fullback Keith Smith ( 41 ) prepare for the playing of the national anthem before a game against the Arizona Cardinals at University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale , Ariz. , on Monday , Sept. 25 , 2017 . ( Andy Jacobsohn/The Dallas Morning News )
President Donald Trump was clear with Cowboys owner Jerry Jones : He was n't going to let up in his criticism of NFL players who were kneeling during the national anthem .
`` This is a very winning , strong issue for me , '' Trump told the Cowboys owner in a phone call last fall , according to a sworn deposition Jones gave in the Colin Kaepernick grievance case that was obtained by The Wall Street Journal .
`` Tell everybody , you ca n't win this one , '' Trump said , as recalled by Jones in the deposition , according to The Wall Street Journal . `` This one lifts me . ''
The Wall Street Journal 's report comes on the heels of a new national anthem policy approved by NFL owners at their meetings in Atlanta last week that requires players to stand for `` The Star-Spangled Banner '' if they are on the field . They will have the option to stay in the locker room during the anthem , but the team will be fined by the league if the players on the field do n't stand while the anthem is being played .
On Wednesday , Sept. 27 of last year , Trump tweeted that he spoke with Jones on Tuesday following a Monday Night Football game featuring the Cowboys and Arizona Cardinals .
DAVIE , FLA. ( WSVN ) - A South Florida man is speaking out after a now former employee was caught on video throwing a cup of scalding water in his face , Friday afternoon .
The top of his head and part of his face still in bandages , Claudio Salcedo , the manager at a truck stop off State Road 595 in Davie , spoke with 7News about the incident .
The supervisor said he might be scarred for life . “ I was in shock , ” he said . “ I crouched down and felt my skin sizzling . ”
Surveillance video captured the woman , said to be a disgruntled employee , burning her boss with boiling water
“ Right after it sinks in , my face just stared burning , which I thought it was acid at some point , 'cause it just kept sizzling , ” said Salcedo .
Salcedo said the employee , later identified as Jondre Thomas , caught him off guard , tossing the hot water right in his face .
“ Caught me by surprise . She said those words and threw the water , ” he said .
When asked what those words were , Salcedo replied , “ ‘ You 've been trying to get rid of me . ' ”
Salcedo said Thomas was upset about a meeting she had with him and two other bosses about her work when she stormed off . That 's when , investigators said , she caught up with him outside and splashed him with the scalding water .
“ All I remember is her saying , ‘ So you 've been trying to get rid of me , ' and immediately after the boiling hot water came to my face , ” he said .
Salcedo managed to restrain Thomas for a short time , but she was able to leave .
Police said she was later arrested at her home nearby .
A 7News crew tried to talk to someone at her home but was turned away .
As for Salcedo , he suffered second-degree burns . The scars could be permanent .
But despite the trauma and disfigurement , as he heals , he hopes his attacker will turn her life around .
“ God bless her , ” said Salcedo , “ and hopefully one day she 'll find Jesus . ”
Thomas has since been terminated from her position . She is facing an aggravated battery charge .
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
SEATTLE – An Uber driver who was demanding money before returning a woman 's purse quickly changed his mind Sunday after a Seattle officer sent him a text and a selfie , police said .
The woman contacted officer Eric Michl on Capitol Hill around 2 a.m. , saying she 'd left her purse , wallet and ID in the Uber .
She was distraught because she was scheduled to fly home later that day , and worried she would n't be able to without her identification , according to KCPQ . She said she had called the driver and offered to pay his fare if he brought her things back , but he refused and demanded more money .
Michl called the driver and left a voicemail . Then , he sent a text , telling the driver he could be arrested and his car could be impounded if he did n't return the woman 's purse .
To prove he was a police officer , Michl also sent a selfie .
The driver quickly brought the woman 's purse back , saying he 'd been busy taking other fares .
/ Front page / News
THE salaries of Government ministers were questioned by high school students during the National Budget Consultation in Sigatoka recently .
The issue was put forward to Minister for Economy and Attorney-General , Aiyaz Sayed-Khaiyum who addressed the secondary students during a budgetary consultation last week .
He explained that corruption was more likely to occur if public officials were being paid less than what they deserved .
`` If you go to PNG , NZ and Australia , their ( ministers ' ) salaries are way higher , '' he said .
`` India has been rated as the most corrupted Asian country in the world . And in Singapore , they pay their ministers in US dollars . They pay them $ US1.5million ( $ F3.1m ) . So talking about ministers ' salaries , if you look at the corruption levels of the previous governments , is n't it better to pay somebody well than to have a corrupt country . If you are going to pay your ministers a small amount of money , do you think that the opportunity for corruption would increase ? ''
He said each aspect of a minister 's salary was taken into account by Government .
`` We have to find out how each person is using that money . These are the kinds of things that we look at . We have to look at the management of these funds .
`` When you become a minister , you will be given a set amount of salary , but we also take into account who 's paying for his water , who 's paying for his electricity and who 's paying for all of his other expenses .
`` In some countries , as soon as you become a minister , they are automatically given huge bundles . They are given servants or people that work for them at their different homes . ''
He said it was similar for other public servants .
MIAMI ( WSVN ) - A thief riding a tricycle was caught on surveillance video getting away with stolen laundry detergent from as South Florida apartment complex .
The subject could be seen riding his tri-cycle into the parking lot of the complex located near Southwest Ninth Street and 24th Avenue in Miami , Feb. 8 .
Officials said the man then went into the laundry room and took off with two large bottles of detergent .
Detective are investigating this incident .
If you have any information , call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS . Remember , you can always remain anonymous , and you may be eligible for a $ 1,000 reward .
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Former 49ers general manager Trent Baalke lost his job on Sunday in large part for a number of questionable draft decisions over the years . After all , a roster made up largely of his picks won just two games in 2016 .
His biggest faux pas may have occurred in the most recent draft , and could 've possibly saved both his and Chip Kelly 's jobs . According to a report from Mike Garafolo of NFL Network , Kelly and the coaching staff wanted to draft rookie phenom Dak Prescott , but Baalke elected to go in a different direction .
According to @ MikeGarafolo , Chip Kelly and others in the 49ers building wanted Dak Prescott in the draft but Baalke did n't draft him . Wow . — David Chappine ( @ DavidChappine ) January 2 , 2017
Prescott has thrown for over 3,600 yards with 23 touchdowns and four interceptions , while leading Dallas to an NFC best 13-3 record in his first season as a pro . Colin Kaepernick and Blaine Gabbert combined to throw for fewer yards , touchdowns and threw more interceptions this season than Prescott . San Francisco was ranked dead last in passing offense .
There is little doubt that Prescott would n't have thrived as immediately with a 49ers team mostly bereft of talent , but his drafting would 've given San Francisco , and Kelly , a young , skilled quarterback to build the offense around . As it stands , the 49ers do n't have a single competent quarterback on their roster heading into 2017 .
Garafolo says that Prescott 's success this season after Baalke elected not to draft him was one of the final straws that led to his firing . In fairness to Baalke , 32 teams passed on Prescott three times before the Cowboys drafted him in the fourth round with the 135th overall pick .
Uniting States of Marijuana : the country 's evolving laws on cannabis
Results from the 2016 election brought about new rules on the use of recreational and medicinal marijuana in several states , with more than half now allowing for the later . Federal government leaders including president-elect Trump have voiced the
The first three episodes of Amazon Prime India Original 's 'The Remix ' is out .
Amazon Prime India Originals have successfully delivered remixed versions of Bollywood songs . Reportedly , the show has grabbed eyes of big music companies .
The first three episodes saw the contestants jazzing up songs like ' O o jaane Jaana ' , 'Sheila Ki Jawani ' , 'Love Dose ' , 'Main Lovely Ho Gayiaan ' , 'Senorita ' and others.Buzz is that music companies have approached to cut an album from songs performed on the show .
Amazon Prime Video have a bought a unique concept with 'The Remix ' as it brings together DJ 's and singers on the same platform performing and recreating iconic songs .
The Remix has given people a platform to showcase their talent in a unique way .
It is a popular format abroad and Amazon has got it here in India .
The Remix has brought few celebrated names from various fields together to get the digital content one notch higher . Karan Tacker , Amit Trivedi , Sunidhi Chauhan , and Nucleya are the judges of the show .
Earlier while speaking to Firstpost , Sunidhi had said , `` What I love about the show is that a pair ( DJ and vocalist ) is given two to three days to prepare a song , so you also get to see the whole process of how it is made .
People usually do n't know what goes into it , what makes it sound so different . Also , it 's not the regular , commercialised remix that the contestants do ; they actually recreate , recompose sounds , add elements to it ... So it is totally different . This way , I think , people will be more educated about the remixes , in a more tasteful way . ''
The next episode of the show will get streamed on 23rd March 2018 .
Amazon Prime Original The Remix is created and produced by Greymatter Entertainment and has been launched on 9th March 2018 , exclusively on Amazon Prime Video .
Word has gotten out .
Wyoming has more than wide open spaces .
Wyoming is where the wild horses roam .
The White Mountain range overlooking Rock Springs may be known to locals as a destination to see wild horses in their natural habitat . Word has spread past the city limits though and White Mountain was recently featured on the “ Only In Wyoming ” website .
The article boasts that the “ spirit of the Old West is alive and well in Wyoming ” and a trip to “ Sweetwater County should provide conclusive proof . ”
See the full article and more photos here .
By Chinedu Adonu
THE Management of Enugu State Housing Development Corporation , ESHDC , yesterday , unveiled It 's in-house quarterly magazine , Housing Tide , flowing from the corporation 's commitment to propagate the housing policy of Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State to provide affordable housing for the people .
The 52-page magazine , which is the authoritative source of the Corporation 's information especially in the areas of subsisting houses and location of serviced plot for sale , according to the General Manager , Hon . Chukwuemelie Agu was part of the innovative measures adopted to project and promote the good works of the governor in other spheres of the economy .
“ Gov . Ugwuanyi ‘ s administration through the Corporation has done a lot in housing estates such as Citadel , Heritage , WTC , Valley , Rangers 1 & 2 , Transparency and Sandview springing up with decent facilities in the cities and rural areas , disclosing that the establishment has designed more programme to accommodate the interest of the masses . ”
While unveiling the maiden edition at the Board Room of the Corporate Headquarters , Hon . Agu explained that , “ the Governor 's housing policy has received resounding commendation within the state and beyond ” stressing that “ the management established this quarterly Magazine , 'Housing Tide ' to further highlight , document and promote the administration 's efforts in the sector ” .
According to him , “ historically , the housing policy of this administration marks a paradigm shift from the old order as evidenced in the number of affordable housing estates ; Citadel , Heritage , WTC , Valley , Rangers 1 & 2 , Transparency and Sandview springing up with decent facilities in the cities and rural areas .
“ The Magazine which will apart from being self-sufficient , will serve as another stream of Internally Generated Revenue , IGR , for the Corporation . This magazine , which is the corporation 's flagship , will promote a more effective interface with the public and disseminate these laudable achievements to the consciousness of the people even as the 2019 general election beckons and beyond .
“ It will equally foster good relationship between ESHDC and its clients , the media community and the general public . Issues emanating in the media will be addressed in a manner that government 's interest , policies and actions are constantly portrayed in a good light .
SUNRISE , FLA. ( WSVN ) - Officials are searching for a bank robber who got away with some cash at a bank located in Sunrise .
The FBI released surveillance pictures that were captured inside the Chase bank , near North University Drive and West Oakland Park Boulevard .
According to officials , the crook walked into the bank and demanded money from an employee before taking off , Monday .
If you have any information on this bank robbery , call Broward County Crime Stoppers at 954-493-TIPS . Remember , you can always remain anonymous , and you may be eligible for a $ 3,000 reward .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Willie Nelson cuts show short , cites Utah 's high altitude
hello
FILE - In this Jan. 7 , 2017 , file photo , Willie Nelson performs in Nashville , Tenn. Nelson blamed Utah 's high altitude for forcing him to cut a suburban Salt Lake City show short on Sunday , Aug. 13 , 2017 . Associated Press
SALT LAKE CITY -- Willie Nelson is blaming Utah 's high altitude for forcing him to cut a performance near Salt Lake City short .
Nelson ended his show early at the USANA Amphitheatre in suburban West Valley City on Sunday night .
He later apologized in a statement posted to his Twitter and Facebook accounts . The 84-year-old country music legend explained : `` The altitude got to me . I am feeling better now and headed for lower ground . ''
Nelson 's publicist did n't immediately respond to a request for further comment Monday .
Nelson was forced to cancel several concerts earlier this year because of what his publicist said was a bad cold .
Kapil Sharma Approached For The Show
The makers are trying to rope in controversial contestants to make the show interesting . It is being said that Kapil Sharma , who is surrounded with a lot of controversies , has been approached for the show .
Kapil Sharma Controversy
Recently , the actor-comedian was recently in news for taking legal action against his ex-managers Preeti and Neeti Simoes , and a journalist . It was also said that the actor is suffering from depression .
Kapil Is On A Break !
Post the controversy , his new show , Family Time With Kapil Sharma , which aired three episodes , also went off air . Currently , the actress is getting treated for depression . He is on a break . The actor had also promised back that he will be back with a bang after a break .
For Commoners , It Is A Jackpot
The commoners , who participated on the show , Nitibha Kaul , Manu Punjabi , Manveer Gujjar , Puneesh Sharma , Bandgi Kalra , Sapna Choudhary , Arshi Khan are busy these days ( after their Bigg Boss stint ) .
Why Celebrities Agree To Participate On The Show ?
Well , let us tell you that many celebrities agree to participate to clarify the controversies surrounding them . It is also big platform for commoners as well as ( less-known ) celebrities as they might bag big projects .
Shilpa , Hina & Vikas
Also , Shilpa Shinde , who was surrounded with a lot of controversies regarding her show , Bhabhi Ji Ghar Par Hai , succeeded in winning hearts . Hina Khan , who was already popular , is going places now ! The producer , Vikas Gupta , who was known to few of them , became favourite of many post his Bigg Boss stint .
Will Kapil Do The Show ?
It wo n't be wrong if we say that Bigg Boss is one of the platforms for the celebrities to come out clean . Although there is no confirmation from Kapil , it is a good chance for him to clarify many things ! But , since the actor is suffering from depression , we are not sure that the actor-comedian might participate on the show ! Because the show needs a lot of patience !
Nia Sharma Denies Being Approached For Bigg Boss 12
Apart from Kapil Sharma , it was also said that Nia Sharma was approached for the show . But the actress denied the reports . She told Spotboye , `` They have n't approached me and to be frank , this rumour crops up every year . So now , I do n't feel like reacting to it . ''
Auditions Of Bigg Boss 12 Have Started !
Meanwhile , the auditions of the Bigg Boss 12 have already started . This time , commoners are invited and the twist is the makers are looking for jodis .
By Dapo Akinrefon
Lagos—FACTIONAL chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party , PDP , in Lagos State , Otunba Segun Adewale has said the decision of the National Caretaker Committee to dissolve some States Executives , including Lagos as injustice to his group and supporters .
In a statement , Otunba Adewale argued that the decision is a clear indication that the National Working Committee is bent on punishing party members believed to be loyal to erstwhile National Chairman , Senator Ali-Modu Sheriff .
He insisted that his executive was legally constituted after a well conducted State Congress in May 2016 .
A person has to be a bit of a risk taker , a lover of mostly modern and oft-times edgy classical music , willing to sit for hours in hard chairs ( bring pillows ) or delight in the pleasures of a lawn yawn to appreciate the Ojai Music Festival . There are always treasures that make the entire long weekend worth its weight in gold , but this year included a couple of duds , which can be par for the course . That 's half the fun — discovering favorites or new pieces of work , and dissing the dissonance .
The Ojai Music Festival — celebrating its 67th year this June , but no senior citizen by any stretch of the imagination — probably has one of the best audiences in the world . First and foremost , we are friendly . Many are extremely knowledgeable and opinionated regular attendees who thrive on comparing musical notes , kudos and criticisms regarding the performances and selections .
There were many , many delights in this year 's festival , most particularly an amazing jazz rendition and new arrangement of Igor Stravinsky 's Rite of Spring by the jazz trio The Bad Plus on opening night of the four-day festival . A plethora of Charles Ives compositions also pleased this listener .
Music director and noted choreographer Mark Morris — who arrived with his strong opinions and phenomenal dance company , the Mark Morris Dance Group , and MMDG musicians in tow — focused strongly on the music of West Coast composers Henry Cowell and Lou Harrison for the program .
There were early-morning concerts in distant venues , such as an 8 a.m. percussion piece at Besant Hill School in upper Ojai . There were free workout classes in the park taught by a dynamic duo of Mark Morris troupe members instructing participants to do push-ups and lunges , surprisingly to the sound of “ Margaritaville ” by Jimmy Buffett .
Free late-night John Cage revelries in Libbey Bowl enchanted the night owls with whom I spoke . There were many other free events ( ticket prices start at $ 15 for lawn seats , but there are groups and other discounts ) , such as the sold-out screening of the silent film Salome ( 1923 ) with live musical accompaniment by The Bad Plus , which we were disappointed not to see or hear .
Private events — a party , a concert — were held for the heavy donors . Free gamelan concerts in the park as well as booths selling everything from hand-turned wooden bowls , pottery and Ojai Valley olive oil to CDs and books pertaining to the musical world added to the revelry .
Friday night 's two-part concert ( 7 to 8 p.m. and then 8 to 9 p.m. , leaving time for an ice cream , wine or coffee break ) featuring the Mark Morris Dance Group was terrific . Part one : “ Mosaic and United ” was performed to Cowell 's String Quartet No . 3 “ Mosaic ” and String Quartet No . 4 “ Untitled ” and “ Empire Garden ” choreographed to Ives ' Trio for Violin , Violoncello and Piano did not disappoint . Part two : Excursions ( to Samuel Barber 's Excursions for Piano ) , the fine and beautifully performed West Coast premier of “ Jenn and Spencer ” ( to Cowell 's Suite for Violin and Piano ) and “ Grand Duo ” ( danced to Lou Harrison 's Grand /Duo for Violin and Piano ) firmly placed Morris in the dance world genius category , bringing images to mind of kinetic paintings by such far-ranging masters as Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio and Willem de Kooning .
That being said , the Libbey Bowl was not designed for dance performances , and with seats that are not staggered , many of us were leaning and straining and wishing for better sight lines .
There were a few disappointments on the musical menu , including an excruciatingly painful piece titled “ For Lou Harrison ” by John Luther Adams that was ably performed ( do n't blame the musicians ) during the second half of Saturday night 's otherwise enjoyable concert . The hour-long piece went over with most of the audience like a bowl of rotten tomatoes . When someone in the audience shouted “ Play it again ! ” at the end ( finally ) , the entire audience broke up . There were jeers , hisses and even quite a loud “ Boo ! ” from a French gentleman/classical music impresario seated next to me , who I had hoped would return the next day for a sweeter experience of the festival .
These responses were perhaps much kinder , my American-Italian mother noted , than those of displeased La Scala Opera aficionados who come armed with rotten eggs and over-ripe tomatoes to express disapproval !
Morris , a Seattle native based in Brooklyn , is a congenial and engaging fellow , as evidenced by this writer during a sort of fireside chat on the kickoff day in the Ojai Valley Community Church ( new venue not to be confused as I did with the former site for the pre-concert talks ) . Morris ' passion for music and his associations with important 20th- and 21st-century composers came across loud and clear . Wearing shorts , an untucked shirt , a scarf and sandals with socks , Morris ( who appeared on stage in said uniform ) appeared beach ready and perfectly iconoclastic for his Ojai debut .
If you 've read this far and are still interested , I would like to note that this year 's festival was rather bittersweet for me . I first attended and was turned on to the Ojai Music Festival by my pal Lucas Lackner ( of the artistically/musically/theatrically inclined Lackner family ) sometime in the 1970s , as I recall . I loved sitting out of doors , under the stars at night listening to live classical music of the modern variety , probably paired with some fine wine we had snuck in and sipped during the performance , with the occasional infamous , charming birdsong accompaniment in the park .
My sojourns to Ojai for the festival were sporadic over the ensuing years , but intensified to an annual jaunt probably about a decade ago .
At that time , I found a fellow OMF fan in one Bunny Bernhardt . Bunny and I made the trek together annually and even camped out at Meditation Mount along with my father , who traveled from San Diego a few years back . Both my father and Bunny were in their 80s at the time .
Bunny lived for many decades on Banana Road ( where we met in the 1970s long before we realized our common musical ground ) , until she lost her home in the Tea Fire and moved north to live with her son Peter and his family in Berkeley . With that turn of events , I lost my OMF partner . My dad ( a retired jazz pianist and classical music fan who has amassed about 10,000 LPs we are trying to unload in case you are interested ) joined me the past few years as well and became a new OMF fan . This year , at almost 86 years of age , he was neither keen on the program nor the long drive . ( Never mind , that he hops over to Tijuana , a 20-minute drive , a couple of times a month to listen to live salsa bands ! ) Ditto for my composer pal Daniel Lentz , who declined , stating that he did n't like this year 's musical offerings either .
Which left me with a pair of great seats for the entire festival . I went to work trying to gain more converts to my way of listening . As I said , one has to be brave and open-minded . The first night , I was joined by Jorjana Kellaway , wife to jazz pianist/Ojai resident Roger Kellaway , for the memorable rendition of “ The Rite of Spring ” by The Bad Plus ( ca n't wait for the CD to come out ) .
The second evening , a died-in-the-wool Morris fan joined me and loved the music and the dance , despite the bad sight lines . Hopefully , she will come again next year , and bring friends , as will the others who joined me .
I shared my companion ticket with an OMF volunteer for Terry Riley 's “ In C ” on Saturday morning , and a most brave , good-natured and humorous friend suffered with me through Saturday night 's long concert , adding some great bon mots of his own : “ The composer must have written this before he hanged himself ” ( no , I retorted , he may hang himself after the reviews ) and “ There should be dancers. ” Indeed , in this case it may have saved the evening .
Morris selected all the music ; one can only wonder why he chose not to choreograph this particular piece . Perhaps he feared a mutiny . One of his musicians , citing the intense score , told me that she was lobbying her boss for a massage .
I attend the OMF annually ( it falls on or near my birthday ) as a treat to myself that I enjoy sharing with friends . The festival turned 67 this year , which makes us contemporaries of sorts , as I just joined that decade . Despite the few “ sour notes ” and some mixed feelings about this year 's festival , I will treasure the memories , and like the swallows to Capistrano , I hope to return in 2014 . In fact , I 've already got my seat picked out — one on the aisle with the good views .
I hope you will join me in 2014 when Jeremy Denk takes control of the programming and a new opera will be premiered . I promise it will be anything but boring !
2014 Ojai Music Festival
For information and to book tickets for the 2014 Ojai Music Festival , to view archived online videos of performances ( that were streamed live this year ) , click here or call the box office at 805.646.2094 .
Travel notes
Sleep
Rather than driving back and forth during the four-day , night-and-day festival , I slumbered in a charming cottage on the amazing 44-acre Gridley Ranch less than 10 minutes from downtown , a retreat and vacation rental that feels like a zillion miles away . The large main house is also available as a vacation rental or for small special events , and in fact , one of the musicians from the Mark Morris Dance Group who performed at the festival is celebrating her small wedding there this month .
And just to show how serious OMFs are , almost all of the rooms were booked at the Emerald Iguana for next year 's fete , which has a newly created suite and office space . However , the Ojai Valley Inn & Spa often has space if you are thinking that far in advance .
Eat
My best meal was a picnic dinner enjoyed with friends on the lawn Sunday afternoon/evening courtesy of my friend Laurence Hauben and her daughter Julia Hauben ( both now in charge of food at Roblar Winery ) and wines that Julia 's beau Morgan hauled in for our in-between concert break . Many passersby eyed our meal with envy . Laurence 's Market Forays include shopping and cooking lessons for preparing tasty soulful , organic cuisine in her home .
Second best was a fine dinner at Suzanne 's Cuisine . The butterfish was , well , buttery and delicious with a shared salad — and I bought great farm fresh eggs to bring home , courtesy of the owner 's granddaughter .
Perfect lunch between concerts : a burrata/arrugala/berry salad with tasty fresh bread at Osteria Monte Grappa owned by brother of Montecito 's Pane e Vino .
Our dinner was most tasty , but having a limited menu at Feast Bistro , a longtime favorite spot , disappointed . The abbreviated menu was apparently created to simplify things for the hardworking chef 's ability to get everyone fed and out to the concerts on time . We made it and we were full , but I will return for some of Feast 's wider offerings soon .
— Noozhawk contributing writer Leslie Westbrook is an author and longtime local writer and editor . She can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook
The “ IT ” reboot hit theaters on September 8th . On the exact same day , Burger King started trolling McDoanld 's by playing into people 's fear of clowns as a way of encouraging customers to opt for the flame-grilled burgers at BK .
* Sees clown *
Nope .
* Goes to BK * — Burger King ( @ BurgerKing ) September 9 , 2017
We are n't exactly sure how the Burger King mascot is less creepy than the McDonald 's clown , but for the hilarity…we 'll go with it .
The trolling did n't just stick to Twitter . Burger King upped their game and put ads in movie theaters , presumably before “ IT ” screenings . Here 's a pic from inside a theater courtesy of Reddit user cynical_sonofabitch .
Ok , BK , keep it coming !
Homicide detectives at the State Criminal Investigations Department ( SCID ) , Panti , Yaba , Lagos State , have arrested a suspected cult member , who murdered his girlfriend and dumped her corpse in a well at the Igando area of the Lagos State .
The suspect , Yemi , 27 , alleged to be a member of , was said to have beaten his girlfriend to death after accusing her of dating a rival cult member in the community .
The incident , which happened on December 30 , was said to have shocked and angered residents . The body of the lady was discovered when a neighbour went to the well to fetch water .
He raised the alarm , attracting attention of other tenants . An eye witness , who did n't want his name mentioned , said : “ The suspect , after committing the crime , went into his apartment and started hurriedly to pack his belongings .
He wanted to escape . He was caught by residents and handed over to Igando Police Station . ”
The remains of the lady was later removed from the well by the officials of the State firefighters and deposited at Igando General Hospital Mortuary .
The Lagos State Police Public Relations Officer ( PPRO ) , Dolapo Badmos , who confirmed the incident , said the suspect had been arrested and transferred to SCID for further investigations of the matter .
Late last night , Pusha T set the internet on fire when he responded to Drake with all kinds of inhumane slander on “ The Story of Adidon. ” From putting out photos of a young Drizzy in blackface to mocking Drake 's parents ' and Noah '40 ' Shebib ‘ s multiple sclerosis diagnosis , Push got ugly . Not to mention , outing a child Drake allegedly fathered .
We covered the craziest memes to come out of Pusha 's latest offering , but you also need to see the SoundCloud slander . Press play on “ The Story of Adidon ” up top to see fans ' thoughts in real time and hit the flip for some comments that stood out .
SoundCloud Slander : Watch Drake & Pusha T Fans Go At It In Real Time was originally published on globalgrind.com
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10Next page »
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm his resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City have acted quickly to replace Gianfranco Zola - with Harry Redknapp !
The former Tottenham Hotspur manager will be tasked with trying to rescue Blues with three games of the season remaining .
Zola resigned last night after the defeat at home to Burton , and now the club have wasted no time in getting their new man in charge .
His first game in charge will be against ASTON VILLA .
No pressure , Harry .
Live updates here
Here 's a look back at all the stories from last night ...
The resignation
Gianfranco Zola has resigned as Birmingham City manager following their 2-0 defeat to Burton Albion this afternoon .
The clash was billed as pivotal in Blues ' quest to beat the drop but goals from former Blues player Lloyd Dyer and Lucas Akins condemned Zola 's side to another defeat .
The manager was appointed in December after the Blues hierarchy dispensed of Gary Rowett with the club on the verge of the play-offs .
But just 13 points from the 22 games that have followed have left Blues sitting perilously above the relegation zone .
Blues are 20th and three points above Blackburn Rovers in 20th spot following today 's results .
The club have three games to preserve their Championship status with matches against Huddersfield and Bristol City to come .
However , Blues will first cross the city to take on Aston Villa in a huge clash that now looks must-win for those wearing Royal Blue .
The statement from the club
`` The futures of Gianfranco 's backroom team – Pierluigi Casiraghi , Gabriele Cioffi , Kevin Hitchcock , Andrea Caronti and Sebastiano Porcu – will be decided in due course .
`` Birmingham City would like to place on record their thanks to Gianfranco for his efforts .
`` The club will seek to appoint a new manager within the next few days .
`` No further comment will be made at this time . ''
The fan reaction
What Rowett said ...
“ I have mixed emotions , ” said Rowett of Zola 's departure .
“ I 'm not sure resigning with three games to go particularly helps Birmingham .
“ If you look at the run they have been on , I ca n't tell you what 's in someone else 's head , but someone 's going to have to pick up the pieces because they are in a serious , serious relegation fight . ”
What Simon Jordan said ...
Former Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan says Birmingham City ‘ fans deserve better from stupid owners ' .
Jordan was reacting to news that Gianfranco Zola has stepped down after just 142 days in charge of Blues following a terrible run of results that has left the club in grave danger of dropping down to League One .
Zola departed St Andrew 's today following another defeat at the hands of relegation rivals Burton Albion .
Goals from former Blues man Lloyd Dyer and Lucas Akins condemned Zola to his 14th defeat in his 24 matches since taking over from Gary Rowett back in December .
Birmingham City runners and riders : The men in the running to succeed Gianfranco Zola
And , following increasing pressure from the club 's fans , Zola stepped aside less than an hour after the final whistle .
And Jordan , often outspoken on social media channel Twitter , said : The ridiculous appointment ( of ) Zola has come to its inevitable end . Despite my vitriol , the BCFC fans deserve better from stupid owners . ”
Zola - the full transcript ...
Despite announcing his resignation , Zola did front up to the media post-match and explained why he had decided to depart .
THE DECISION
“ I have decided to give my resignation from this club .
“ I am sorry because I came here with huge expectations . There were a lot of expectations from the people at the club and from myself , but unfortunately results have not been good and I take full responsibility for that .
“ I 've been the first one to be disappointed about the results is me so I have decided to do this .
“ It 's not that I like quitting but I feel like the club deserves the best chance .
“ At the moment it feels I ca n't help these players if I stay . I think this club deserves my respect because of all the support they have given me , and if I feel I ca n't help the team it 's better that I leave someone else to do that .
“ I feel very bad and very sorry . We worked a lot and with a lot of good meaning but unfortunately it did n't produce the results . It 's very disappointing . ”
Gianfranco Zola explains his decision to resign as Birmingham City boss
FANS ' CHANTS HAVE ANY BEARING ?
“ No . They did it last week at Rotherham but I have no blame for the supporters .
“ They have been there supporting the club and supporting us but the position is not secure .
“ They are frustrated and I can understand their feelings The last thing I want to be is not helpful so I have nothing against them .
“ Certainly I can understand their chanting and that they want me out and maybe there have been some bad words from some fans has been harsh .
“ Yes , I know there have been mistakes but we worked very hard for this club and gave it everything we had . ”
These are the favourites to replace Gianfranco Zola as Birmingham City manager
PRESSURE FROM THE BOARD ?
“ Let 's be honest , they have supported me until now and the results have n't been good .
“ Considering the expectations that they were , I do n't blame them . Actually I have a fantastic relationship with them and they have my respect . ”
LIVE : Gianfranco Zola resigns as Birmingham City manager
ANY REGRETS DURING YOUR TIME ?
“ I think it 's too early but I was totally convinced in what I was doing and that is an important part .
“ I do my job as well as I can and there are things which I thought were the right things to do and I stand by what I said .
“ Unfortunately sometimes the results follow their own logic .
“ You spend a lot of time with the players to give them everything they need but it did n't pay off .
“ This is the nature of the job – we do n't work for seeing good passing , we work for the results and unfortunately for us , those results have n't come . ”
Gianfranco Zola resigns : Birmingham City issue statement
ANY CONTRIBUTING FACTORS ?
“ It was n't an easy job . I felt under pressure from the beginning because this team was in a good position so it was a hard job .
“ I knew from the beginning it was tough but I felt like we could all improve the team and we tried very hard to do that .
“ I have no regrets at taking the job and there are a lot of good people here . My only regret is that the results have n't been good enough .
“ It 's a tough moment , I love the game - but at the moment it does n't feel that way
“ I 've had very low points before , but I always bounced back .
“ As a manager this is quite painful .
“ My relationship with the players is quite good - they tried to follow me .
“ In some circumstances they could 've done better .
'Too little too late ' - Birmingham City fans react to Gianfranco Zola 's resgination
“ But I always believed they acted with a good heart .
“ Sometimes they did n't do what I wanted them to do , maybe they were not ready .
“ I told them they have my appreciation .
“ At the beginning we played well but kept losing games with individual mistakes .
“ That affected the confidence , suddenly we had to change the plan and the system .
“ Results , it 's always been a struggle .
“ Today , we had a lot of chances but you saw the lot of players who were scared to play .
“ When the pressure is like that , it 's not easy to play football
“ Especially when you 're playing for such important results .
“ My pride has been touched . It 's how you react to the problem that makes the difference , I 'll take it in the right way .
“ I 'm not perfect , I 'll try to make better from this . ”
Ubisoft , Ubisoft Montreal
At one point , Ubisoft 's Assassin 's Creed series was an annual franchise .
Their method of releasing new Assassin 's Creed games noticeably took its toll on the franchise 's overall quality . After the release of 2015 's Assassin 's Creed Syndicate , Ubisoft 's in-house development team decided to take a year off in order to craft a return to greatness for the series . Now that 2017 has arrived , fans can look forward to exploring a new locale and discovering the true beginnings of the Assassins vs. Templar war . All the while , they 'll navigate the hot sands of Egypt and master the new combat skills of a new protagonist – Bayek . After spending a few hours with the game , it 's quite evident that this prequel will put Assassin 's Creed back on the high mantle it once ruled over .
Check out this preview of Assassin 's Creed Origins to properly prepare for its arrival on October 27 .
1 . This Entry Will Take Players Back to the Origins of the Very First Assassin
As the game 's name implies , Assassin 's Creed Origins takes place during the Ptolemaic period set within Ancient Egypt . Players take on the role of Bayek , a Medjay entrusted with protecting the people of his kingdom . The game 's plot mixes in real-world events with fictional elements that incorporates the origins of the Brotherhood of Assassins , the Templar Order and their conflict . Some of the historic figures you 'll encounter are Ptolemy XIII , his sister Cleopatra and Julius Caesar . During the course of his journey , Bayek will eventually meet the individuals who 're manipulating events behind the scenes . These events push Bayek into his legendary role as the very first Assassin .
Buy the Assassin 's Creed Origins : Desert Oath novel here .
2 . Egypt Will be the Central Hub for this Open-World Adventure ; The Combat Mechanics Have Been Revised
Origins ' massive open-world is confined within Ancient Egypt . Players will take on a whole host of main and side missions as they travel on-foot , via boat and on the back of a horse or camel . The main areas you 'll navigate are Alexandria , Kyrenaika , the Nile Delta , the Siwa and White Desert , the Giza and Memphis and Faiyum .
One of the series ' returning features that will help you scope out these locations from above is “ Eagle Vision. ” Bayek 's eagle Senu can be actively controlled as you scout a specific area and highlight key targets and enemies . Origins ' huge open world features thriving communities of people who go about their daily business , various animals and predators that can be tamed , tomb raiding , naval combat and underwater exploration .
Past Assassin 's Creed entries relied on a combat system that played out via predetermined animations . Origin does away with that style of play and instead incorporates more action RPG-like mechanics .
Bayek can utilize a wide variety of melee weapons that strike whomever 's in his weapon 's hit box . Bayek can also utilize different bow & arrow configurations , plus other types of items that heal him or poison incoming foes . Your enemies ' strength can be taken note of via the health meter and numerical level icon sported above their head . For enemies who 're weaker than you , you can pull off stealth attacks that instantly kill them . But foes that are stronger than you wo n't succumb so easily to sneak attacks . Check out the video above to watch how battles unfold and how arena battles unfold .
Buy the Season Pass for Assassin 's Creed Origins here .
3 . Players Can Expand Their Knowledge About Egypt Through Discovery Tour Mode
In past Assassin 's Creed games , players could delve deeper into its real-world explanations of people , places , things and events via the Database . Origins will expand upon that feature by offering players the chance to explore Egypt ( non-violently ) through Discovery Tour mode . This dedicated portion of the game features guided tours curated by real-world historians and Egyptologists . This digital trip through Ancient Egypt will expound upon topics such as the Great Pyramids , the practice of mummification , people 's customs and more . Discovery Tour mode will be available as a free download for Origins sometime in early 2018 .
4 . Assassin 's Creed Origins Comes in a Standard , Deluxe and Gold Edition , Two Collector 's Editions and a Legendary Edition
Origins are obviously a major release for Ubisoft . Which explains why the game is available in several different editions . The central pre-order bonus for each edition is instant access to the “ Secrets of the First Pyramids ” mission . The Deluxe Edition comes with even more goodies , such as the gear filled “ Desert Cobra ” Pack and the “ Ambush as Sea ” naval mission . The Gold Edition comes with everything included with the Deluxe Edition , plus access to the Season Pass and a special SteelBook case .
Buy the Standard Edition of Assassin 's Creed Origins here .
Buy the Deluxe Edition of Assassin 's Creed Origins here .
Buy the Gold Edition of Assassin 's Creed Origins here .
As for the game 's Collector 's Edition , there 's actually three that you can obtain . The “ God ” Collector 's Edition comes with the Deluxe Edition 's bonuses , a real map , an art book , the official soundtrack and a special physical Bayek figurine . The “ Dawn of the Creed ” Collector 's Edition comes with everything mentioned before , plus art cards , a physical replica of Bayek 's Eagle Amulet , the Gold Edition Steel Book case and a different Bayek statue . And finally , the “ Dawn of the Creed Legendary ” Collector 's Edition comes with everything the aforementioned compilation includes , plus a physical Certificate of Authenticity and lithograph art .
Buy the “ God ” Collector 's Edition of Assassin 's Creed Origins here .
5 . A Special Xbox One S Bundle Comes Packaged With the Game
There 's been a lot of hype surrounding Assassin 's Creed Origins ' Xbox One X visual enhancements . While Microsoft 's next console is launching a month after the game 's release , a special Xbox One S bundle for Origins will launch beforehand . This special package comes with the following :
– an Xbox One S 1TB console
– one wireless controller
– a digital download token for Assassin 's Creed Origins game download
– a digital download token for Tom Clancy 's Rainbow Six Siege game download
– a 1-month Xbox Game Pass ,
– a 14-day trial for Xbox Live Gold access
– an HDMI cable ( 4K Capable )
– an AC Power cable
Buy the Xbox One S 1TB Console – Assassin 's Creed Origins Bonus Bundle here .
Heavy , Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program , an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon . Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors . We have no relationship with manufacturers .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A severe ice warning has been issued for Lichfield as freezing temperatures are set to plummet to even further .
After several inches of snow covered the city on Sunday , weather forecasters on Monday said temperatures would fall to a low of minus six degrees centigrade .
A clear night was forecast by the Met Office with sunny spells throughout Tuesday . But with temperatures not rising above ZERO the snow and ice is set to remain over the next couple of days .
Temperatures could rise slightly by Wednesday and Thursday , with some rain being forecast before the end of the week .
( Image : Richard T Harris )
Drivers are being warned to be aware of icy roads and pavements , and travel disruption is likely to continue .
Bin collections across the district were suspended on Monday ( December 11 ) – people should put bins out tomorrow morning and the council aims to empty them if weather conditions allow . Postal deliveries in Lichfield were also suspended - it is understood some collections will be taking place later in the day .
Burntwood Leisure Centre and Friary Grange Leisure Centre will close at 4pm on Monday and King Edward VI Leisure Centre will be closed all day .
Lichfield District Council 's Planning Committee meeting has also been cancelled and will now take place next Monday , December 18 .
Gritters were being working non-stop for the third night running as hundreds of schools across the county shut due to snow and ice .
Staffordshire County Council 's fleet of more than 40 gritters was on the roads again , having worked round the clock since Friday .
Weather forecasts had suggested the snow clouds would clear during Sunday night and the early hours of Monday morning , leaving freezing temperatures .
Nearly 300 schools across the county have taken the decision to close today due to conditions on site .
( Image : Richard T Harris )
Most say they are looking to open tomorrow , and parents are being directed to the county council 's dedicated school closure website www.staffordshire.gov.uk/schoolclosure for the latest updates .
Helen Fisher , Staffordshire County Council 's cabinet support member for highways and transport , said : “ The snow flurries lingered longer than expected , so we carried on ploughing as necessary , as well as gritting across the network .
“ The day shift reported at 6am today and will carry on as necessary to keep the roads running today and tonight , but people should take care and drive appropriately for the conditions .
“ The gritting crews have been working round the clock since Friday , in very difficult conditions , and I 'm grateful for all their hard work . ”
Philip White , Staffordshire County Council 's cabinet support member for learning and employability , said : “ It 's down to each head teacher to decide whether to open or close the school in bad weather and they consider a whole series of factors , including the state of local roads and paths , the availability of school and public transport and whether food , heating and lighting can be provided .
“ Most schools have indicated they intend to open tomorrow and will usually update parents directly , however our advice is to keep checking our website for the latest updates . ”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
More than a third of people from the East Midlands who went abroad on holiday in the last 12 months did not have the correct insurance or any at all , ABTA has revealed .
The travel association said that 39 per cent of people from the region who travelled overseas did n't have protection for their personal circumstances or activities they took part in while away .
Over the past year , 15 per cent of people reported travelling on some holidays completely uninsured , while 24 per cent risked invalidating their insurance by not telling their insurance companies about pre-existing medical conditions or by taking part in activities without checking they were covered under the policy .
An insurer could reject a claim in either of these situations .
Mark Tanzer , chief executive of ABTA , said : `` Every year we see cases of people falling into difficulty due to travelling without sufficient travel insurance .
( Image : Getty )
`` While many people are still choosing not to take out travel insurance at all , others are travelling unaware that their insurance policy is not protecting them as they expect .
`` While not declaring existing medical conditions or taking part in activities that are n't covered are easy mistakes to make , they can be very costly ,
leaving holidaymakers and their families with expensive medical bills which can run into thousands of pounds .
I would urge all holidaymakers to make sure they take out travel insurance and check that it covers their circumstances and holiday plans . ''
The most common reason for not buying travel insurance was that people felt it was n't needed , with some believing that the European Health Insurance Card ( EHIC ) would provide sufficient cover .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
While it is important to have an EHIC when travelling in Europe , it only provides access to state medical care and does not include repatriation to the UK if you are seriously ill .
This can be extremely costly should you require an air ambulance , for example .
( Image : Getty )
For those who have travel insurance with their bank , it is a good idea to check that it covers their requirements as there may be restrictions around age , health , destination and activities .
While the average cost of a travel insurance claim is £1,296 , the cost of medical treatment or repatriation can run into thousands of pounds , leaving people vulnerable abroad .
South Derbyshire MP Heather Wheeler is urging holidaymakers to check their insurance before they go away to make sure they have the right cover for their plans .
She said : `` It is simply not worth the risk to go on holiday without the right travel insurance .
`` Going without any insurance , or having insurance which does n't cover your circumstances , can prove very costly if you were to fall ill or have an accident while on holiday .
( Image : Hansard )
`` I 'm asking residents of South Derbyshire to look into travel insurance today if they do n't already have it , and , if you do have insurance , to check before you travel that it covers your circumstances and the activities you plan to do when you are away . ''
Now the company has warned sun-seekers about the things they may not know about travel insurance and to read up before packing their suitcase .
Five things you may not already know about travel insurance :
1 . It 's important to have both an EHIC and travel insurance before you travel in Europe . EHICs expire every five years so make sure yours is still valid before you travel .
2 . Always tell your travel insurer about any pre-existing medical condition– if you have an annual policy you must inform your insurer about any changes , even if they seem minor . Do n't be tempted to leave anything out . By not telling your insurer , your insurance policy may be void .
3 . Activities as seemingly safe as cycling may require a higher level of cover . Before you travel , always check with your insurer if you are covered for any activities you may participate in while on holiday .
4 . Travel insurance offered for free through bank accounts or cover offered through credit cards , often provides limited protection . Always check your policy to see if there are any restrictions .
5 . European cover is generally cheaper than worldwide cover ; however remember that popular holiday destinations such as Turkey , Dubai , Egypt , Morocco and Tunisia , where thousands of Brits travel each year , will not be covered by a European policy .
/ Front page / News
TEN army officers are being investigated by the Republic of Fiji Military Forces ( RFMF ) for alleged fraud .
It is understood the soldiers , who are noncommissioned officers , are subjects of an inquiry involving alleged fraudulent use of funds amounting to about $ 10,000 .
RFMF chief of staff Colonel Jone Kalouniwai said there was an inquiry into the matter .
`` I can not comment on it at the moment because we are still conducting enquiries in that particular issue , '' Col. Kalouniwai said .
He said he would only comment when investigations were complete .
`` We will inform you when the time is appropriate . ''
GREENVILLE , N.C. ( WNCT ) — East Carolina University move-in week has begun . While the official move-in day is not until Wednesday , some students have been settling into their dorms early as Sunday night .
Construction may prove to be an obstacle for new students , and officials said there will be quite a bit of navigating around traffic cones and barriers for those trying to get into their dorms .
“ All of the construction , congestion that we 've had , that will contribute to some traffic problems that we will experience , ” said Lt. Chris Sutton with ECU police .
ECU says one of the biggest projects affecting traffic is the renovation of Clement Hall .
“ There 's definitely a lot more construction going on on-campus , especially with the new hall and even in Greenville , ” said Abu-Bakarr Kuyateh , an East Carolina University tour guide .
But officials say they are stopping all work this week to make move-in easier .
“ With the conditions in place for the contractors working around campus to allow students to move in without continued construction ( it ) will help us to get people in quicker , ” Sutton said .
“ It would be chaos with everybody moving around at the same time , so we are just going to get them settled in so they can get comfortable , then we will come in and do the rest of the work , ” said construction worker David Munn .
Students and parents said they 're happy with the university 's decision .
“ Nobody gets hurt , you know , it 's going to be confusing and crazy enough , ” said Lauren Webb , the mother of an incoming freshman . “ So I think it 's probably a smart decision . ”
“ That definitely would make our lives a lot easier , ” said Peyton Webb , her son . “ Hopefully , it does get done soon though . ”
Ecu is asking students to stay within boundaries before , during and after moving in .
“ If there 's a construction fence there , it 's for their protection and also to keep them out , so it will be helpful for students to adhere to that , to not go into construction zones , ” Sutton said .
“ Just get here as early as possible , ” said Kuyateh . “ Patience , that 's all , that 's all you can have is just patience when you are moving in . ”
ECU officials say they are going to do everything they can to make it a safe and quick move-in for everyone .
They 're asking non-ECU students and faculty to only come to the area if they absolutely have to .
They said the less unnecessary motorists , the smoother the week will go .
ELLSWORTH — The City Council is set to consider whether to limit medical marijuana caregiver operations to private residences and bar them , for now , from commercial spaces .
That proposed prohibition comes in the form of a six-month moratorium “ on primary caregiver operations outside the primary residence. ” The council will vote on the moratorium Monday , June 19 , during its monthly meeting starting at 7 p.m. in the Council Chambers at City Hall .
In a memo to the council , City Planner Michele Gagnon said the moratorium was drafted in light of “ a growing number of requests for the establishment of caregiver operations outside the primary residence. ” Those operations include growing marijuana , processing it and dispensing it to patients .
Gagnon said interest has grown especially since Maine voters in November approved legalizing marijuana for recreational use . The moratorium states it is “ evident that some primary caregivers have a desire to commercialize ” following that vote .
Though not explicitly named in Gagnon 's memo or the moratorium , a recent example of such increased interest is the opening of Main Street Medical in downtown Ellsworth . Though it is a glass pipe shop , owner Robin Rosenberg said its name comes from the fact she is a licensed medical marijuana caregiver who also will see her clients in that space .
Maine legalized the use of medical marijuana in 1999 . Licensed caregivers are allowed to grow marijuana and dispense it to up to five patients , but Gagnon said those activities for many years were largely “ home occupations ” in “ homes , garages and basements . ”
The increased interest in “ standalone commercial activities , ” Gagnon wrote , is a “ clear departure ” from the home-based model . The moratorium states this shift “ raises legitimate and substantial questions and concerns . ”
Those include whether such operations belong in certain parts of the city , the possibility of illicit sales , an increased burden on the city 's police force , odors that rise to the level of a public nuisance and other “ potential adverse health and safety effects on the community . ”
The idea behind the moratorium is to give city officials six months to come up with “ appropriate land use regulations ” relating to medical marijuana caregivers .
The moratorium would not apply to Maine Organic Therapy , the medical marijuana dispensary for Hancock and Washington counties located on High Street . Its operation is governed by existing state and city regulations , which go beyond those relating to individual caregivers .
Gagnon said she and other city officials , under guidance from lawyers , previously understood state law to preempt the city from putting any local regulations in place for caregiver operations .
The legal view on that subject has changed recently , however . In an article last summer in the Maine Townsman , the magazine of the Maine Municipal Association , Portland attorney Edward Kelleher said municipalities probably have more options than they thought .
“ Regulations relating to building permits , site plan review , health and safety standards and zoning and siting would likely not be deemed pre-empted ” by state law , Kelleher wrote .
“ Although Maine municipalities can not zone out caregivers , they can regulate where they go and develop performance standards , ” Gagnon wrote . She said the proposed moratorium was reviewed by the city 's legal counsel , attorney John Hamer of Rudman Winchell , and has his “ stamp of approval . ”
Gagnon and City Manager David Cole both said they see this proposed moratorium as part of a “ larger conversation about marijuana ” within the city .
The Goleta Valley Chamber of Commerce in partnership with Santa Barbara Axxess will present the October Business-2-Business Breakfast from 7:30 to 9:30 a.m. Oct. 4 ( please note new time ) at the Earl Warren Showgrounds , 3400 Calle Real in Santa Barbara .
October is Lemon Month ! Wear yellow or bring lemons and get entered to win an array of prizes .
Network over a hot breakfast with local businesses and guests . Learn about each other 's business and provide leads and referrals to one another . Everyone is provided with an opportunity to introduce themselves and their business in a 20-second elevator pitch to the crowd .
A breakfast from Marmalade Café will be provided , as well as coffee from Zizzo 's .
The cost is $ 5 for ambassadors , $ 20 for members and $ 25 for nonmembers for those registered by noon Friday , or $ 30 at the door .
Click here to register . For more information , call 805.967.2500 or email . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
— Cortney Hebert is the business and communications coordinator for the Goleta Valley Chamber of Commerce .
February is Heart Health Month , making this a good time to look at the choices we make every day , especially what we eat . Michelle Dudash , Registered Dietitian , Chef and Author of “ Clean Eating for Busy Families , ” has tips on how to work more foods into your routine for heart health .
Michelle says :
It 's important to have good blood flow , since the blood gets nutrients and oxygen to all parts of the body .
There is a natural compound in the body called nitric oxide that keeps blood flow working properly in the body . With aging , diseases like diabetes , high blood pressure , and high blood cholesterol , nitric oxide levels may go down , which can impair blood flow .
There are certain foods and nutrients that can improve nitric oxide levels and blood flow , which is what I have to show you today .
1 . Nuts and seeds , especially pumpkin seeds , walnuts and peanuts
These foods supply the amino acid arginine , which the body converts into nitric oxide in the body .
Pumpkin seeds :
Enjoy as a snack . Sprinkle with chile powder and cumin . Sprinkle on salads .
Walnuts :
Sprinkle walnuts on yogurt and in oats . Eat walnut butter on toast .
A study showed how walnuts helped improve blood flow in postmenopausal women with high cholesterol , due to the types of fats in walnuts that improve cardiovascular function . In a couple studies , walnuts have been shown to improve blood flow in diabetics .
1 to 2 ounces ( 1/4 to 1/2 cup ) is the quantity used in these studies . Or 12 to 14 walnut halves in one serving .
Peanuts :
Enjoy peanut butter on toast and peanut butter with apples .
Nuts and seeds often get a bad wrap for being high in fat . However , they contain good fats and can help you feel fuller longer . Just stick to the recommended serving size , which is typically 1/4 cup .
2 . Cocoa flavanols
Do you love chocolate ? You 've probably heard how chocolate can be good for you . The part that gives you the health benefits are the flavanols in the cocoa beans , which are a plant-based nutrient found naturally in cocoa .
Numerous scientific studies have demonstrated that these cocoa flavanols help maintain healthy levels of nitric oxide , which help maintain healthy blood flow of oxygen-and-nutrient-rich blood to your entire body .
One way you can get these cocoa flavanols is from CocoaVia cocoa extract supplement . The flavanols are gently extracted from cocoa beans and put into a convenient powder stick form .
I 'm working with the CocoaVia brand to educate people about the health benefits of cocoa flavanols . And I love the CocoaVia Cran-Raspberry Stick pack in a bottle of water , with only 25 calories per serving and provides 375 mg cocoa flavanols . You can also add try adding a packet to your smoothie .
And I love using the unsweetened dark chocolate flavor in my coffee with my favorite creamer .
You can find this in the supplement section at Kroger , Walgreens and GNC .
3 . Dark leafy greens , like spinach , kale and arugula , and beetroot
These foods contain nitrates , which helps with production of nitric oxide .
I love making a tasty salad with spinach or arugula . One of my favorites is my Arugula & Shrimp Salad with Orange Vinaigrette from my book Clean Eating for Busy Families .
Contains just 330 calories per serving and has 22 grams protein and 3 grams fiber .
Also if you 've never had freshly roasted beets , you are missing out ! They are worth giving them a try in a salad .
How to Make Sweet Potato Toast
1 . Sweet potatoes are an easy and tasty way to fit more vegetables into your routine . 1 small sweet potato provides more than twice the Daily Value for vitamin A , plus some vitamin C , fiber , and potassium
2 . The best part about making sweet potato toast is how easy it is .
You put sliced sweet potatoes directly into your toaster or toaster oven .
It can take two to three cycles on your toaster on the darkest setting . Or you can also make them in your oven .
3 . You can top the sweet potato toast with a variety of delicious ingredients . Some of my favorite toppings are avocado , hummus and pomegranate arils , salsa . Even pulled pork . Seasonings like sea salt , ground cumin and smoked paprika are
Arugula & Shrimp Salad with Orange Vinaigrette
For the vinaigrette :
3 tablespoons ( 45 ml ) freshly squeezed orange juice ( juice of 1 orange )
2 teaspoons ( 10 ml ) rice vinegar
1 teaspoon ( 6 g ) honey
1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard
1 tablespoon ( 15 ml ) extra-virgin olive oil
1 pinch salt
For the salad :
5 ounces ( 140 g ) cooked shrimp ( about 1 1/4 cups ) , peeled , tails removed
4 cups ( 80 g ) lightly packed fresh arugula ( or [ 120 g ] baby spinach )
8 thin slices Asiago or Parmesan cheese , halved diagonally
1/4 cup ( 33 g ) slivered dried apricots
1 medium shallot , thinly sliced
2 tablespoons ( 14 g ) sliced almonds , toasted
Freshly ground black pepper
TO MAKE THE VINAIGRETTE : Whisk orange juice , vinegar , honey , and mustard in a medium bowl . Drizzle in the oil while whisking . Add warm shrimp and marinate for a few minutes in the dressing .
TO MAKE THE SALAD : Combine arugula , cheese , apricots , shallot , almonds , and pepper in another medium bowl . Pour in vinaigrette , holding back the shrimp . Toss salad with tongs and divide among salad bowls . Place shrimp atop salad in each bowl and enjoy immediately .
Total Prep and Cook Time : 25 minutes • Yield : 2 main dish servings or 4 appetizers
Per serving : 330 calories ; 17 g total fat ; 5 g saturated fat ; 22 g Protein ;
23 g carbohydrate ; 3 g dietary fiber ; 154 Mg cholesterol .
Recipe note :
You can use frozen , precooked tiny salad shrimp or medium shrimp , thawed . Or , to cook your own , bring a medium pot of water to a boil . Add a pinch of salt to the water and then add the shrimp ; turn off the heat immediately and remove the shrimp as soon as they are opaque in the center , after about 5 minutes for medium
shrimp .
Reprinted with permission from Clean Eating for Busy Families : Get Meals on the Table in Minutes with Simple and Satisfying Whole-Foods Recipes You and Your Kids Will Love , by Michelle Dudash , RDN ( Fair Winds Press , January 2013 ) .
To learn more , visit www.michelledudash.com .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
Abu Dhabi : Abu Dhabi Police have launched a campaign urging motorists to avoid overtaking from the hard shoulder on roads and always give way to emergency and Civil Defence vehicles , rescue teams , rapid intervention vehicles , police patrols and official convoys .
The campaign aims to raise awareness on traffic regulations among motorists , and encourage them to follow good-driving practices .
The police will enhance the number of traffic patrols and traffic monitoring via radars to catch motorists using the yellow line road shoulder , while raising awareness on traffic regulations , and the dangers of using the road shoulder and not giving way to emergency vehicles , as part of the campaign .
Awareness programmes and lectures on dangers of driving or halting on the road shoulder will be also be held across public and private sectors .
Brigadier Ali Khalfan Al Dhaheri , Director General of Central Operations at Abu Dhabi Police , said overtaking from the road shoulder is a very dangerous practice that endangers the lives of road users . He reminded that the road shoulder is designated for emergency use by ambulances , rapid intervention vehicles and police patrols to reach accident sites and provide emergency assistance .
Brig . Al Dhaheri pointed out that overtaking from the road shoulder is a major offence that will not be taken lightly , and that hefty penalties will be handed down to errant motorists who hinder the work of emergency services or official convoys .
Brigadier Khalifa Mohammad Al Khaili , Director General of Traffic and Patrols Directorate in Abu Dhabi Police said that motorists overtaking from the road shoulder will be fined Dh600 and get six black points , pointing out that severe penalties will be handed down to motorists for repeating the same offence .
Brig . AL Khaili added that motorists not giving way to police patrols , rescue and emergency services , ambulance vehicles and official convoys will have their vehicle confiscated for one month , fined Dh500 , and get four black points .
He pointed out that 7,349 fines were issued last year in Abu Dhabi for overtaking from the road shoulder , recording a 23 per cent decline compared to 2015 .
Al Khaili urged motorists to be patient in traffic congestions , desist from using the road shoulder and give way to police , emergency and rescue vehicles .
— The writer is a journalist based in Abu Dhabi
Among the Channel Islands Naturalist Corps volunteers , some vie for and some shun serving on Santa Cruz Island during “ Chumash Days. ” The weekend after Labor Day is not the quietest of island duties , but offers in exchange a rousing blend of family campout , religious revival and alumni homecoming weekend .
It is the time when the Chumash Maritime Association , in partnership with Channel Islands National Park and Marine Sanctuary , re-enacts the tradition of the tomol by rowing across the Santa Barbara Channel , an arduous nine- to 10-hour journey . CINC volunteers help provide an additional interface between accidental cultural voyeur and the Chumash , who welcome the chance to teach them about their culture .
Because they originally were a marine culture , tomols were an essential part of the Chumash heritage , constructed and paddled by members of the Brotherhood of the Tomol . The historic brotherhood disbanded in 1834 , a decade after the last natives were removed from the Channel Islands .
But in 1976 , a contemporary group built a tomol they named Helek , which means Peregrine Falcon , based on ethnographic and historic accounts . It was the first tomol built in 142 years . It was paddled from San Miguel Island to Santa Rosa Island and finally to Santa Cruz Island . In 2001 , a tomol was paddled to Santa Cruz Island from the mainland . It is this crossing that has become an annual tradition .
I spoke with an elder woman who had been a rower for the early years of the renewed tradition . We were awaiting the tomols ' at the Welcoming Fire , a tiny smolder of embers designed to be “ small enough to get close to and talk ” and to keep it safe from the dry grasses beyond .
The tomols had not yet arrived when the Island Packers boat discharged a fresh group of visitors to enjoy the island isolation . For those who chose an interpretive hike , we altered our normal course to witness the paddlers ' arrival . As usual , I spoke on the effect of isolation on geology , archeology , plant and animals , and cultural history of Santa Cruz and the other islands that make up the Channel Islands National Park .
From our vantage at the harbor , we watched as the paddlers glided triumphantly onto the beach just after noon , to the traditional welcoming song and clapping sticks of 200 or so friends and family . Thus ended their successful twin tomol crossing that began at 3:15 that morning from Ventura Harbor .
A second public boat arrived around 1:30 p.m. , and another couple dozen visitors chose my hourlong hike . By now , the two tomols were on display just inside the fenced area of Scorpion Ranch . As I began describing the tomols and the special weekend events , a Chumash man with striking animal-tooth decorations adorning his thick black braid approached the group . He held an ornately carved oar .
“ Could you possibly describe the tomols and your journey ? ” I invited him . He proudly described the boats ' construction : its redwood planks bound with fiber cordage , animal sinews , and yop , a glue of pine pitch and asphaltum . He told us each canoe was between 8 and 30 feet in length and held three to 10 paddlers . “ It 's the first time in 138 years more than one tomol has been rowed across the channel at a time , ” he finished .
There were a few questions among the group , when a woman asked him , “ Why have n't they been doing it in the last 138 years ? ” Let 's assume she was not a Californian — perhaps from another planet ?
I held my breath through the pregnant pause . Then he gave her an ironic smile and answered , “ History . ”
— Karen Telleen-Lawton 's column is a mélange of observations supporting sustainability . Graze her writing and excerpts from Canyon Voices : The Nature of Rattlesnake Canyon at www.CanyonVoices.com .
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 2:33 Highlights : Wolves clinch No . 3 seed with sweep of Tumwater Pause 2:17 Highlights : Wolves roll to season sweep over Tumwater 0:36 Black Hills senior Grace Gibbs finishes as the Class 2A state runner-up in girls bowling 2:30 Highlights : Stevenson hammers down 4 dunks as Blazers roll 1:06 Wichita State signee throws down rim-rattling dunk against Central Kitsap 2:28 Highlights : W.F . West grinds out win to claim 2A EvCo title 2:28 Highlights : Offense rolls as undefeated Rams take title 1:38 North Thurston basketball dad agrees to shave beard after title win 2:13 Highlights : Tides sink Timberline 's title hopes with 3-pointers 2:51 Highlights : Elma snaps Montesano 's 53-game winning streak Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Maisy Williams and Alexa Bovenkamp led the Wolves with 10 points apiece . Lauren Smith lsmith @ theolympian.com
Maisy Williams and Alexa Bovenkamp led the Wolves with 10 points apiece . Lauren Smith lsmith @ theolympian.com
A Fairfield man facing child molestation charges made a brief appearance in Solano County Superior Court Monday .
Jose Gustavo Reyes , 44 , is accused of sexually abusing as many as three family members roughly two decades ago .
Reyes was arrested in Dec. 2013 on three felony counts of committing lewd and lascivious acts on a child .
In the act of revenge for the alleged abuse , Reyes was shot roughly one month before his arrest , on the night of Nov. 5 , by his nephews , half-brothers , German and Xavier Lopez . Reyes would go on to survive the shooting .
According to authorities , the half-brothers planned to kill their uncle over the alleged sexual abuse . Days before the shooting , German arranged for his half-brother to travel from Mexico to California by bus . German also stole a firearm from another family member and gave it off to Xavier the day before the shooting . Xaxier was also injured during the shooting involving the three men .
Following the shooting , Xavier and German drove to a nearby hospital , where German proceeded to shoot Xavier . Xavier later died from his injuries outside the Kaiser Permanente Vacaville Medical Center .
German , who ran an unsuccessful bid for a City of Fairfield seat in 2009 , was later arrested in connection to his half-brother 's death , and was found guilty by a jury in February on voluntary manslaughter and attempted voluntary manslaughter charges . However , he was acquitted of murder and attempted murder charges . Presiding Judge Peter B. Foor sentenced German to 22 years in state prison .
A jury trial date for Jose Gustavo Reyes , 44 , will be set May 30 at 9 a.m . He remains in Solano County Jail on a bail of $ 750,000 .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Comedian Katt Williams was sentenced to three years of probation after pleading no contest to stealing a celebrity photographer 's camera .
Los Angeles prosecutors said Monday that Williams will also need to attend anger management classes .
In September 2014 , a celebrity photographer accused Williams and former rap music mogul Marion “ Suge ” Knight of stealing her camera . The photographer said she suffered a concussion after an associate of the men attacked her .
Williams ' attorney has said in court the comedian briefly took the camera from an associate only to erase any images of Knight 's son , who was with his father visiting a Beverly Hills studio .
His attorney did n't immediately comment Monday .
Charges against Knight are still pending . He 's also charged in a separate murder case and has pleaded not guilty to all charges .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Real Star Upendra 's political venture got a great start day before yesterday , August 12 . The response to his ideas were tremendous as all his fans supported him and his ideals .
Upendra 's ideals of giving back the power to people is taking more form and shape as more and more support is pouring in for the actor and his dreams .
Very recently , Rocking Star Yash openly declared his support to Upendra and his political ambitions . Likewise , many political leaders have expressed their happiness to see Upendra take the plunge into politics .
Meanwhile , the Real Star had given three e-mail addresses for the people to send their opinions . He had created prajakaarana1 @ gmail.com , prajakaarana2 @ gmail.com and prajakaarana3 @ gmail.com as the contact address for his new political venture .
Now , nearly , 48 hours after the announcement of those contact details , his new political venture seems to have received a staggering amount of response from his fans , followers and likewise .
It is being said that more than 15000 mails have dropped in even since the mail addresses were circulated . People from all over the world have mailed Upendra , their suggestions and ideas .
Ultimately , this new announcement has set in motion something new in the political arena . Even though the actor has not named his political party or got its symbol , the response is unusually huge .
Now that Upendra has received a lot of support from the people all over , it is up to him to decide how to take it forward and invest his time in planning something really good for his fellow citizens .
Over the last year-and-a-half or so , we 've published quite a few articles that focused on new technologies or market trends we think you should keep an eye on . When the Internet of Things ( IoT ) discussion exploded on the scene , we tried to cut through the hype and tell you what effect all of the new sensors , software , networking equipment , and data processing/storage equipment being developed and installed would have on your electrical design or construction business . We 've ...
Nordic countries wary of Russia pledge closer ties
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Four parked cars were damaged when a grocery van smashed into them in one of Woklingham 's narrow rat runs .
Langborough Road was closed for more than one hour after the van collided with a silver Vauxhall Astra , a blue Fiat 500 , a black Volkswagen Golf and a grey Audi A3 , at around 6pm on Sunday , August 13 .
Wokingham fire station crew manager said : `` We attended an incident involving a young chap who drove into a parked car and took out three other cars .
`` It 's quite a tight road and people use it as a rat run .
`` The van went airborne before hitting the other vehicles .
`` No one was hurt and the police shut the road for an hour and 30 minutes .
`` The crew made things safe and made sure there were no leaks coming from the cars . ''
The driver was breathalyzed at the scene but no arrests were made .
A spokesman for Thames Valley Police made it clear that breathalyzer tests are standard procedure after collisions .
No one was hurt in the incident .
Police reopened the road around 7.30pm .
Terry Downes , the former middleweight champion who defeated Sugar Ray Robinson , died “ peacefully ” Friday , according to his family . He was 81 .
The Londoner had been the oldest surviving former world champion from the U.K .
Downes ' family confirmed his death in a statement : “ Terry was a beloved husband , father and grandfather to his wife Barbara , his five children and eight grandchildren , and will be enormously missed . ”
Downes was born in England but moved with his family at 16 to the U.S. , where he lived for five years . He fought in the service but began his boxing career in earnest after returning to England in 1957 .
He faced then-unknown Dick Tiger , a future hall of famer , in just his third pro fight but retired on his stool . Afterward , he was asked who he wanted to fight next and responded : “ The bastard who made this match . ”
Downes won the middleweight championship with a 10th-round stoppage of Paul Pender in a July 1961 rematch after losing by a seventh-round stoppage to Pender in January of that year . However , the reign was short-lived . Pender won the trilogy by outpointing Downes nine months later .
“ He was a very awkward bloke . He was long , skinny . Very classy , but an awkward fighter , ” Downes told THE RING . “ They used to call him ‘ The Boston Crab . ' He used to grab hold of you whenever you got inside ; he was renowned for it . ”
Downes never won another title , but he would secure a legacy-defining victory over a 41-year-old Robinson in 1962 .
“ I did n't beat Sugar Ray , I beat his ghost , ” said Downes , who won a 10-round decision .
He also beat future middleweight titleholder Joey Giardello in 1960 . “ He was such a great fighter . Great timing ; timing 's everything . He was just quick . He could probably drop something and catch it before it hit the floor . He had fast hands , fast everything . ”
Downes moved up to light heavyweight shortly after the Giardello fight and earned a shot at titleholder Willie Pastrano in 1964 . Downes was stopped in Round 11 and never fought again , retiring with a record of 35-9 ( 28 knockouts ) .
He fought seven times against five world titleholders , going 3-4 in those bouts .
Downes never gained entry into the International Boxing Hall of Fame but will be remembered fondly for his aggressive style and thoughtful interviews .
The Spectator student newspaper . Photo via The Chapel of St. Ignatius at Seattle University , home ofstudent newspaper . Photo via Curtis Cronn/Flickr
ONE MORNING IN APRIL , Seattle University senior Tess Riski noticed that newsstands that typically held copies of the student paper , The Spectator , were empty . After finding empty stands in multiple buildings , Riski , who is the news and investigative editor for The Spectator , texted her fellow editors that “ we might have a problem . ”
The Spectator contacted SU 's Public Safety office , which reviewed video footage of the area and determined that English professor Fr . David Leigh , SJ , had removed several stacks of papers . Hours later , Leigh emailed The Spectator and apologized . He said he had removed the papers because he was concerned about students arriving for Accepted Students Decision Day at the private Jesuit college seeing them .
ICYMI : NYT reporter 's tweet sparks controversy among journalists
Why ? The cover of that week 's edition was a photo from SU 's 10th annual drag show , featuring a fully-clothed male performer in heels and a wig gesturing onstage . Leigh said he was offended by the picture , and described it as “ inappropriate ” and “ risqué . ”
If you did n't get a hard copy of last week 's issue , we apologize . Read more here : https : //t.co/oHQp1UbVsX pic.twitter.com/ULIH9Ocjgv — The Spectator at SU ( @ SU_Spectator ) April 19 , 2018
Sign up for weekly emails from the United States Project
Riski put together an article about the situation , for which she interviewed SU 's president , Fr . Stephen Sundborg , SJ . Sundborg said he was “ very , very embarrassed and ashamed ” of the photo , and criticized the paper for publishing it .
“ To go and show that pose—indecent pose—on the cover is taking it too far , ” Sundborg said . “ Anybody who would see that who has a sense of propriety would find that offensive . ”
Riski 's article riled the SU campus . Sundborg 's comments were heavily criticized by the school 's LGBT community , and Spectator editor-in-chief Nick Turner said letters to the editor came “ pouring in ” from students and alumni . Different departments on campus published public statements in support of The Spectator and the LGBT community , and Kaplan and Riski spoke at a forum the law school hosted about LGBT rights and press freedom . Sundborg changed the theme of his annual campus address to discuss the situation , which turned into a packed public forum . The incident received coverage in The Seattle Times and Seattle alt-weekly The Stranger , as well as in several conservative outlets . ( Rod Dreher referred to SU as a “ freak farm ” in The American Conservative . )
Spectator editors tell CJR there has been a pattern of papers being removed during events for prospective students . News editor Anna Kaplan says that a similar incident occurred on an admitted students ' day in the past , when the paper 's cover photo referenced drug use .
A representative from the president 's office tells CJR that they were not aware of any previous incidents , and that student journalists “ are given wide latitude and freedom to cover the campus the way they choose to do so . ”
Since Seattle University is a private school , the administration is allowed to remove papers from newsstands , something that would be illegal at a public university . SU 's status as a private university is a continual challenge for The Spectator , says Turner , since the newsroom can not use FOIA requests to access public records and the university has no legal obligation to divulge information to the press .
We tiptoe sometimes just to make sure we 're not crossing the line , and I do n't even really know what that line is . It 's hard to navigate .
While incidents like this are infrequent and the university does not review copies of the paper before they go to print , Riski said that going to a private , Catholic school makes the staff extra careful about what they publish .
“ We tiptoe sometimes just to make sure we 're not crossing the line , and I do n't even really know what that line is , ” Riski says . “ It 's hard to navigate. ” Riski adds that newer staff members are especially nervous about doing reporting that portrays SU 's ties to the Catholic Church in a poor light .
This issue is not unique to SU . A report released this spring by a group of student journalists at Christian colleges found that censorship is pervasive in their universities . More than three out of four survey respondents said their publication has faced pressure from faculty to change , edit or remove articles after publication . More than 70 percent of respondents said their newspaper advisors can control what can and ca n't be published . Less than a quarter of respondents believed that they had the same press freedoms as reporters at public universities .
The Spectator is organizing to change that for themselves . They are partnering with the faculty government association , Academic Assembly , to establish a free speech policy at SU that would give campus media the same first amendment protections as those at public universities . The policy would make it especially difficult for physical copies of the paper to be removed . Turner says that faculty has been very supportive of The Spectator ; if they can not get the policy passed by the end of this school year , his last , then Turner is confident future editors can do it next year .
Riski—who has interned for The Stranger , Crosscut , and The News Tribune in Tacoma—says her work with local newspapers made her realize just how disenfranchised The Spectator is . ( Kaplan interned at The Stranger as well , which gave them both a shout-out for their work . )
“ Because I worked at three other actual newspapers where they do n't have restrictions on what they can report on , it 's a stark contrast for me a lot when I 'm reporting at Seattle U , ” Riski said . “ It 's really up to the discretion of the university to decide what information they want to divulge and what they want to withhold. ” Those restrictions , says Riski , have made her a better investigative reporter by forcing her to come up with alternative ways of discovering information .
The paper provided a hub for LGBT students and alumni to share how administration comments made them feel , and gave the whole student body a way to keep track of what was happening .
For SU 's part , the university tells CJR in a statement that it has “ more to do ” to fulfill its commitment to diversity and inclusion , and is creating a task force to consider how it can better support LGBT students . “ President Sundborg has made clear that removing newspapers is unacceptable and that there are consequences for such action , ” says university spokesperson Dean Forbes .
However , Spectator staff are unimpressed with the university administration 's response . Neither Leigh nor Sundborg met directly with any reporters from The Spectator ( though Sundborg had a discussion with their faculty advisor ) . Kaplan says their apologies have been more reactive than proactive , and demonstrate a lack of accountability .
What started as a routine event story about a drag show turned into something nobody at SU could have predicted . Turner , who will graduate in just a month , says that in his four years at SU “ we 've never had a response to anything like we 've had to this . ”
The situation has led to one positive outcome for The Spectator : more student engagement . The paper provided a hub for LGBT students and alumni to share how the administration 's comments made them feel , and gave the whole student body a way to keep track of what was happening . After the initial incident , the paper published a story about the LGBT community 's response , with a rainbow sign spelling out “ resist ” on the cover .
The Spectator anticipated a similar incident in early May after a few more newsstands turned up completely empty . Public Safety officers looked through security footage again , says Kaplan ; but this time , “ people had actually just come and taken them all one by one . ”
ICYMI : Iowa students create independent newspaper following controversy
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now ? Help us by joining CJR today
Carina Julig is managing editor of the University of Colorado Boulder 's student newspaper , the CU Independent , and has written for publications including Al Jazeera , them , and Slate . Follow her on Twitter at @ CarinaJulig .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The half-term holiday is nearly upon us and children will be breaking up from school on Friday , February 16 . That gives parent a little time to get organised .
With thoughts now turning to how you 'll manage to entertain your children during the week off , we have put together a list of events and activities to keep them busy until you cart them back to school on Monday , February 26 .
From craft events to interactive theatre , there 's plenty to do in Derby and Derbyshire .
Derby Valentine 's Fair
The Valentine 's Fair is becoming something of a tradition for Derby Market Place . It has plenty to do for children of all ages , with rides suitable for both young and older children as well as plenty for really big kids .
Garry Evans and Eventive Funtime Ltd are proud to once again present the fair , which will see the return of the ever-popular Tango ride , the exhilarating Speed XXL ride plus family favourites such as the Twister and Beach Party Miami .
Prices vary depending on the ride and will be open from noon til late every day , between February 16 and 24 .
For more information visit the Derby Live website .
Farmyard and Playground at Chatsworth
Drop into the Farmyard and Playground at Chatsworth House throughout the half-term break - from February 17 to 25 - to give your kids the chance to blow off some steam .
( Image : Keith Bird )
The farmyard and adventure playground will have a pirate theme , which includes a trailer ride and the chance to handle spiders and snakes , as well as the opportunity to visit animals and attractions .
It costs £6 each for adults and children , booking via www.chatsworth.org is advisable .
Milkshake ! Live : The Magic Story Book
The show is on at noon and 3.30pm on February 19 at Derby Theatre .
The show features Milkshake ! favourites including Bob the Builder , Noddy and Fireman Sam . Two Milkshake ! presenters will also be there . The show will include songs and fairy tales that children , and their parents , are sure to know .
Tickets cost from £15 for over 16s , and £13.50 for under 16s . You can book tickets at the website www.derbytheatre.co.uk or by calling the box office on 01332 593939 .
Love Bird Crafts at Kedleston Hall
This drop-in crafts event runs 11am to 3pm at Kedleston Hall from February 19 to 23 .
The event is suitable for all children , who can expect to be making their own little lovebirds from items that would otherwise go in the rubbish , such as milk bottles . This is in honour of all the different birds that call Kedleston Hall home .
The price for the session is £2.50 but admission to the hall is extra , and costs £13.60 per adult and £6.80 per child . National Trust members go free .
You can find out more information at www.nationaltrust.org.uk/kedleston-hall .
Medieval Mayhem at Bolsover Castle
Step back in time and meet Sir Cuss for squire training , and get active in games to test your skill and courage ! Suitable for all , especially families .
This event runs from 11am to 3pm from February 19 to 23 at Bolsover Castle in Castle Street , Bolsover .
English Heritage Members go free to this event . Non-member adults pay £10.80 and 5-to-15-year-olds pay £6.50 . Alternatively , families of two adults and up to three children can pay £28.10 . You can find out more information at the event 's website .
Drop In Crafts at Sudbury Hall
You can drop in to this event every week day , Monday to Friday , February 19 to 23 , over the half-term break from noon to 4pm at Sudbury Hall and the Museum of Childhood , Main Road , Sudbury .
This event is suitable for everyone . The crafts made here are inspired by the many items on display at Sudbury Hall , from toys and dolls played with by children way back in the 18th century to the complex clockwork automatas and mechanical toys .
The price for each item is £1 but you will also have to pay admission fees to the hall from £9.20 per adult and £4.60 per child . National Trust members go free .
You can find out more information on the Sudbury Hall website .
The Boy Who Climbed into the Moon
( Image : Victoria Wilcox )
This play is on three times over two days at the Derby Theatre . The show is on at 2.30pm on February 22 and 11am and 2.30pm on February 23rd .
It 's a one-hour show , perfect for children aged 6 to 11 years old and their friends and family . Using original live music and puppetry , it tells the story of Paul , who thinks the moon is a hole in the sky and wants to climb into it .
A family ticket for this show is £36 , and individual tickets cost from £12.50 for adults and £8.50 for concessions . You can book tickets at the website : www.derbytheatre.co.uk/boy-who-climbed-moon or by calling the box office on 01332 593939 .
Lyngo Theatre : Egg and Spoon
This interactive play is showing at 11am , 1pm and 3pm at Déda Theatre in Derby on February 23 .
The show is perfect for under fives and their families , and children are not expected to keep still ! Children will be able to get involved with the performance by being invited to interact with the actors and follow what they do as they explore the seasons .
Tickets cost £7 each and can be booked from the Déda website : www.deda.uk.com/whats-on/egg-and-spoon or by calling the box office on 01332 370 911 .
Cromford Mills
You can visit Cromford Mills for a complete day out , starting your journey exploring the Derwent Valley Mills World Heritage Site , or you could even take your little one 's to the half-term club .
With two sessions each day - from 10am to noon and 1pm to 3pm - there 's plenty to occupy young minds during the holiday .
Sessions are Nature Crafts on February 20 ; Learn to Cook on February 21 ; and Outdoor Adventure Activities on February 22 . Prices are one session for £15 or two sessions for £25
Children must have been accompanied by an adult . Advance booking is recommended . To register , please contact events @ arkwrightsociety.org.uk or call 01629 343065 . For details , go to www.cromfordmills.org.uk .
Bluebells
Enchanting unicorn themed activities at Bluebells , from unicorn grooming to unicorn show jumping , fairy flying lessons , unicorn treats , fairytale sessions and a dressing up station . Bluebells in Locko Road , Spondon , is open every day except Tuesday from 9.30am to 5pm . Go to www.bluebelldairy.co.uk .
National Forest Adventure Farm
Enjoy all the fun of the farm at the National Forest Adventure Farm in Tatenhill , near Burton , plus meet the baby animals , lamb feeding , lambing live , help the farmer in the indoor events barn , make a scarecrow , plant a seed , mend the fences game , rebuild the tractor , test drive the remote control tractors and fix the eggs in the Egg Scramble Game . The farm is open daily from 10am to 6pm . Go to www.adventurefarm.co.uk .
Print and collage workshop
Join artist Chris Lewis Jones at Quad in Derby for a fun and messy print and collage workshop between 10.30am and 12.30pm on February 19 and 20 . You 'll get to make a unique selfie to take home , without using your camera ! Early booking advised as places are limited . Booking is essential via 01332 290606 . Go to www.derbyquad.co.uk .
Derbyshire Unearthed
Be inspired by Derby Museum and Art Gallery 's collection and join in a workshop to design your own currency on February 22 from 11am to 12.30pm . Entry is free but donations are welcome . For details , go to www.derbymuseums.org .
Derby Museum and Art Gallery
Celebrate the museum 's Nature Gallery mascot with a special Pangolin Day event on February 18 from 11am to 3pm . Enjoy pangolin activities and stories with the museum 's Nature Ambassadors and Rachel Shaw , author of Pipisin the Pangolin .
Join local sculptor Tan Draig on February 24 between 11am and 1pm to learn the skills and techniques of paper sculpture . Have a go at creating your own paper figure to take home . Suitable for children aged five to eight years old .
For more details , go to www.derbymuseums.org .
Monsal Trail
If you simply fancy a big old walk , try the Monsal Trail , an eight-and-a-half mile stretch of railway line between Bakewell and Blackwell Junction near Buxton , which is now open again after over 40 years thanks to a £2m restoration scheme .
Tunnels blocked up since the 1960s have been opened up , lighting installed and the route resurfaced suitable for bicycles . Formerly part of the Midland Railway 's route between Manchester and London , the route offers an amazing journey through narrow cuttings and over impressive viaducts above the River Wye . For details , go to www.peakdistrict.gov.uk/visiting/trails/monsaltrail .
Longshaw , Burbage and the Eastern Moors
If you are up for going out and about , why not put your wellies on and celebrate National Nest Box Week as you look for birds and find out where they live . For details , go to www.nationaltrust.org.uk/longshaw-burbage-and-the-eastern-moors .
Perhaps the city should start thinking about congestion pricing for sidewalks .
Mayor Bill de Blasio says he wants to revive a plan to add more than 3,000 street food cart permits over the next decade and is “ hopeful ” he and the City Council can reach a deal this year .
Currently , the city caps the number at 5,100 — creating a black market where the two-year , $ 200 permits can sell for as much as $ 25,000 .
“ We were very , very close last December with the last City Council , ” de Blasio told a town hall audience on the Upper West Side last week . “ It did n't get there . There was a disagreement at the end , and it fell apart . ”
He was responding to a question from an 8-year-old girl about why her street-vendor mom was “ promised ” a permit last year and still has n't gotten it .
The mayor then turned to Councilwoman Helen Rosenthal ( D-Manhattan ) , who was sitting nearby , and said , “ We 're trying to get the legislation back on track . So we 're gon na work with the council member and her colleagues . I am certainly hopeful we can pass it this year . ”
During her final days in office , former Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito tried to push through a bill that would have increased the number of street cart permits by roughly 330 a year over 10 years .
But she yanked the measure in December after failing to round up the minimum 26 votes required .
De Blasio had raised objections at the time , saying he wanted stronger enforcement measures included . Business leaders also complained that the influx of vendors would be unfair competition .
No new version of the bill has been drafted .
The current council speaker , Corey Johnson , sided with de Blasio last year .
Mayoral spokeswoman Jane Meyer said the administration is committed to helping street vendors while also protecting rent-paying businesses .
“ We must also ensure that our streets are orderly and the brick-and-mortar businesses that are the backbone of our communities are able to thrive . This is why permitting reform and enforcement measures should go hand in hand , ” she said .
The Street Vendor Project , which represents more than 1,800 vendors , accused de Blasio of killing last year 's bill because “ big real estate and labor called him . ”
The group also said it is “ great to hear ” de Blasio is reconsidering a permit expansion . In an email to The Post , the advocacy group added that the mayor has a “ chance to be a hero to hard-working immigrant and veteran entrepreneurs . ”
COPPER MOUNTAIN — On a day when seven American men attempted to get ahead on Olympic qualification via a podium finish at the U.S. Grand Prix World Cup snowboarding finals at Copper Mountain Resort on Saturday , Dec. 9 , it was Ben Ferguson of Bend , Oregon , who left the Woodward superpipe in the best position .
At the first Olympic qualifier of the season , Ferguson was awarded an 89.75 on his second run . It featured a bag of new tricks that the 22-year-old said are completely changed from the past couple of years , namely the switch McTwist and switch double backflip that he ended his runs with . He nailed those after dropping in with a back 1 into the halfpipe , followed by a cab double 10 , a double crippler and a back 3 , before his new finale .
`` I think I just got more consistent ( since last year ) , '' Ferguson said . `` I put more time in on my snowboard on the halfpipe , and also just going into it to have fun and not putting too much pressure on myself .
`` I need to get a couple banger tricks , '' he added , `` a couple more spins , a couple bigger tricks . Then I think we 'll be pretty ready to go . ''
Ferguson 's 89.75 was the top American score of the day .
Ferguson 's performance was well behind the 95.25 posted by Japan 's Ayumu Hirano on his second run . The 5-foot-4-inch 2014 Sochi Olympic halfpipe silver medalist ran away with the Grand Prix title on that second run , though he also posted a first run of 90.50 that would have been good enough for first place .
Ferguson held onto the second place spot despite a riveting final run by Olympic veteran Shaun White , who at 31 has his eyes on qualifying for his fourth Winter Olympics .
The 2006 and 2010 Olympic halfpipe gold medalist strung together a backside air , a front double 14 , a cab double 1080 , a front stale 5 and a double McTwist 1260 on that third run . It was one he and others in attendance at Copper felt may have warranted a better score .
`` I honestly just was using this contest as practice , you know , '' White said . `` Obviously , I wanted to , I think , post a better score for the Americans . I was putting in my first kind of easier runs to just put in a great score , lock it in and that allowed me to then go for my second and third run a little harder . I 'm a little disappointed in my score for the third run . I really thought I was gon na bump up at least doing a 14 and a double 10 and a double 12 . I do n't know . I 'm a little confused right now , but that 's why we do these events . ''
White 's showing came after he crashed in October while training in New Zealand , which forced him to miss a month of training .
Hirano 's countrymate Raibu Katayama secured fourth position with an 84.75 on his final run . That score bumped back four Americans into fifth through eighth place , respectively — Danny Davis ( 83.25 ) , Ben Ferguson 's younger brother Gabe ( 79.00 ) , Chase Josey ( 77.25 ) and Gregory Bretz ( 72.50 ) . American and 2010 Olympian Louie Vito ( 33.00 ) rounded out the finalists in 10th place while Australia 's Scotty James , who topped his competition after qualifiers , finished in ninth ( 38.75 ) .
American women sweep
As it 's an Olympic year , American snowboarder Kelly Clark said big progressions in the level of riding should be expected . At the Woodward superpipe at Copper Mountain Resort on Saturday , Clark and her American teammates did n't disappoint , as she was joined on the podium by champion Chloe Kim and second place finisher Maddie Mastro .
Despite a flatter-pitched halfpipe at Copper than other world cup and Olympic qualifying events , Kim achieved remarkable raw amplitude on her first run of the day , piecing together an air , a front 10 , a cab 7 , a front 5 McTwist to earn a score of 93.75 for the title .
`` I 'm totally speechless , '' Kim said . `` I woke up and I was like , 'Oh my god , I 'm so nervous . I 'm going to puke . ' But , you know , I think the halfpipe kind of makes me feel at home and all the nerves go away when I 'm dropping in and I 'm just excited to try new stuff . ''
Mastro entered the day with the high score from the qualification round , which meant she had one final chance to best her teammate Kim on the final run of the day .
Mastro put together a remarkable run , bumping her best score of the day up into the nineties . But the 90.75 was n't good enough to overtake Kim . It came on a final run that featured a front 9 Indy , a back 5 grab , a front 7 Hawkin ( flip ) and a front 5 seatbelts .
Clark described this week of qualifying and finals at Copper — one which featured five American women score in the top eight and 16 American women take part in total — as a `` zero to 100 type of week . '' Though there was n't much practice , the veteran Clark considered it a job well done for the Americans , as she took third place with a score of 83.75 via a run that consisted of a frontside air , a backside 5 , a frontside 10 , a cab 7 , a crippler 5 and a backside air .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It was the goal that doubled Wolverhampton Wanderers ' lead and set them on their way to a 3-1 win over Burton Albion .
Benik Afobe the man who got it , finishing into the top corner past Stephen Bywater in goal for the Brewers .
Afobe 's goal was calm and composed - but it 's the pass to set it up which has been lavished with praise .
Ruben Neves , Wolves ' master technician in the middle of the park , lived up to that billing with an inch-perfect through ball which matched Afobe 's stride .
It earned the Portuguese international his first assist of the season - a surprising statistic but one which is masked by the fact he is more often the player who sets up the assist , if such a phrase exists !
The pass was shown as part of Channel 5 's Championship highlights show , and you can watch it in all of its glory in the video at the top of the page .
Neves produced another sublime performance as Wolves took a step closer to the Premier League in the win over Burton .
But according to Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson , Neves should already be strutting his stuff in the top flight .
And what 's more , Merson reckons Neves will actually be one of the best players in the Premier League .
Here 's what Merson had to say about Neves :
`` This lad in midfield , Neves , oh , he can play . He is one proper player .
`` This is no disrespect to Wolves but how 's he playing in the Championship ? Seriously .
`` He could easily play in the Premier League , easily . And he would be one of the best players .
`` His passing and his vision , this kid is unbelievable .
`` I was with Steve Bull not long ago and he was saying , 'Oh you should see these play - these are the best I 've seen at Wolves for years ' .
`` They 're a very good team , Cavaleiro , Costa , they 've got some good players . ''
Here 's what Wolves fan make of Neves :
Adam Field : Imagine being lucky enough to watch Ruben Neves play football on a Saturday afternoon # wwfc
Norman Ward : Neves is out of this world , his vision and accuracy of passing is beyond belief , and he plays for WOLVES .
Jimmy B : Another step closer Costa back to his best , Neves has a Sat Nav on his boots and Afobe is absolute lethal when his full of confidence . # wwfc
SouthBankResistance : I 'm still attempting to assimilate the beauty of Neves ' pass to play Costa in .
Through a mass of players and split second timing . He made 30,000 people do a double take and ask 'how did he even think about doing it , let alone execute the move ? ' The guy 's a footballing genius # wwfc .
WHAT THE BOSS SAID
Wolves manager Nuno Espirito Santo : “ It was a good performance , they were two different halves , but two good halves , ” said Nuno . “ The first one we pressed really strong , had good possession and when the goals came they put us in control .
“ We conceded a goal we should n't , particularly at this moment of the game , we know how things can change . We acted good in the second-half , I was happy because I felt totally in control .
“ I think the team knew we needed to go for the goals . At the same time , we had possession of the ball and created the spaces .
“ It was a very good performance , so congratulations to the boys and congratulations to our fans , it was good listening to them singing and enjoying it , which is what it 's all about . ”
POLL
Wolves are currently on 82 points with eight games left to play .
If they were to win all of their remaining matches and pick up 24 points , that would take them to 106 points .
It 's a big ask - how many points do you think they will finish with ?
poll loading How many points will Wolves finish with ? 500+ VOTES SO FAR 82-85 86-90 91-95 96-100 101-106
WHAT THE FANS SAID
Paul Harrison : Great win in a potential banana skin game , Afobe back and banging 'em in just like I knew he would . COYW
Andrew Russell : Great result for the Wolves let 's use international break to get Diogo Jota fit for Middlesbrough game
Jonathan Baker : Great win and another 3 welcome points well done wolves finishing line in sight need to stay focused we can do it
Mark Lewis Tibbetts : Another great result 8 games left well done Afobe . I 'm sure this has silenced your doubters
Carl Rathbone : Well done wolves I 'm glad to see Afobe score goals today
Danny Powers : Not a spectacular performance , had a few more gears today if needed . A bit like Tuesday night 's game , at least Burton gave it a go . Another 3 points on board , I honestly think it 's done and dusted , title will go down to the wire of course . Hopefully blues at home # wwfc
OPPOSITION VERDICT
Burton Albion boss Nigel Clough : `` It was very difficult for our lads as professional footballers this afternoon when there is such a gulf between the teams .
`` They have some top top players in their team and we could n't cope with that . Being realistic we did n't expect to get much out of the game and all that matters now is the next eight games .
`` The goals we conceded were good from Wolves point of view but a bit too easy from our point of view . They all came from the same position , which we vacated too easily to let them in . ''
NEXT UP
Middlesbrough v Wolves , 5.30pm , Friday , March 30 , Riverside , Championship
Boro currently occupy the final play-off place and have enjoyed a recent revival under Tony Pulis .
They took the lead at Brentford through Adama Traore but were pegged back for a 1-1 draw .
Pulis said : `` I thought they were the better team but we 've worked really hard defensively and did a smashing job in restricting them to shots from outside the box .
`` They are a decent side and Dean Smith has done a smashing job here . He keeps producing good players , sells them and producing new ones .
`` I 'm disappointed in some ways because we can play much better than that , but this is an old-fashioned ground with fans tight to a pitch which looks small , but they made it look very big for us . ''
On Sunday night , Man of the Woods Justin Timberlake , is set to perform the Super Bowl Halftime Show . Announced back in October , Timberlake 's impending performance has everyone thinking about what happened the last time he performed at a Super Bowl Halftime Show .
Nipplegate .
Though Timberlake has recently suggested that Janet Jackson will not join him onstage ( The Root breaks down Timberlake 's comments well ) , that does n't mean the 2004 incident wo n't be on everyone 's minds while the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles go head-to-head during Super Bowl LII ( that 's 52 for everyone who thinks Roman numerals are as pointless as I do ) .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Here 's a refresher about the most infamous wardrobe malfunction in history , which happened fourteen ( yes , fourteen ) years ago .
What happened during Janet Jackson 's Super Bowl XXXVIII Halftime Show performance ?
During Janet Jackson 's 2004 Super Bowl Halftime Show performance , the pop superstar performed a medley of her best hits including `` All for You , '' `` Rhythm Nation '' and `` The Knowledge '' before surprising audiences with a special appearance by Justin Timberlake . They turned Timberlake 's Justified hit `` Rock Your Body '' into a duet .
During the live broadcast , Timberlake ripped off part of Jackson 's Alexander McQueen-designed bustier , revealing her right breast and jewelry-clad nipple while singing the song 's final line : `` gon na have you naked by the end of this song . ''
Before the cameras cut to a shot of the fireworks surrounding the stage , Jackson 's nipple was seen by hundreds of millions of viewers — for less than a second .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
What was supposed to happen during Janet Jackson and Justin Timberlake 's Superbowl Halftime Show performance ?
CBS , The NFL , and MTV all claimed they had absolutely zero knowledge of the stunt prior to the event .
Jackson 's team revealed that when Timberlake sang the last line of `` Rock Your Body , '' he was supposed to reveal Jackson 's red lace bra , `` but the garment collapsed . ''
MTV , the producers of the show , stated , `` The tearing of Janet Jackson 's costume was unrehearsed , unplanned , completely unintentional and was inconsistent with assurances we had about the content of the performance . MTV regrets this incident occurred and we apologize to anyone who was offended by it . ''
MTV Chief Executive Officer Tom Freston also plainly told Reuters that `` Janet Jackson engineered it . ''
What Happened to Justin Timberlake After Nipplegate ?
Timberlake told Access Hollywood , `` We love giving you all something to talk about . ''
Timberlake performed , presented , and won at the 2004 Grammy Awards the following week . He apologized onstage for the incident saying , `` What occurred was unintentional , completely regrettable and I apologize if you guys are offended . ''
Timberlake is credited with coining the term `` wardrobe malfunction . ''
Justified sales skyrocketed in the week following the broadcast
Timberlake Went on to become one of the bestselling and most-beloved entertainers of the 21st century .
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
What Happened to Janet Jackson After Nipplegate ?
Jackson was blacklisted by MTV , CBS , and Infinity Broadcasting , and her new single was immediately pulled from stations worldwide . Her first album following Nipplegate , Damita Jo , is one of her worst-selling albums .
Jackson was disinvited from the 2004 Grammy Awards . She was originally scheduled to appear as a presenter .
Jackson was originally cast as Lena Horne in an upcoming biopic about the singer and activist but ABC reportedly forced her to quit .
Disney World removed their Janet Jackson-inspired statue of Mickey Mouse .
CBS forced Jackson to make both a written and video apology after Nipplegate .
What Else Happened After Nipplegate ?
MTV was banned from producing a Super Bowl Halftime Show again .
`` Janet Jackson '' was the # 1 search for Lycos , Google , and Yahoo the following week .
CBS was fined $ 550,000 by the The Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) for Nipplegate , although the FCC officially lost the case in 2011 .
The FCC also received reportedly over 200,000 complaints about the performance , leading to a five-second delay on future live television events .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
Did Janet Jackson and Justin Timberlake Stay Friends After Nipplegate ?
Uh , well , not immediately afterwards . In 2006 , Janet Jackson told Oprah Winfrey that the two were n't talking .
`` We have n't spoken . But I consider him a friend , and I 'm very loyal , and friendship is very important to me , '' she said , `` He has reached out to speak with me . Like I said , friendship is very important to me – and certain things you just do n't do to friends . And in my own time , I 'll give him a call . ''
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Two years after Nipplegate , Timberlake officially apologized in an interview with MTV . `` I probably got 10 percent of the blame , and that says something about society , '' he said in 2006 . `` I think that America 's harsher on women . And I think that America is , you know , unfairly harsh on ethnic people . ''
According to JT the two are now cool , telling Beats 1 Radio 's Zane Lowe that , `` You ca n't change what 's happened , but you can move forward and learn from it . ''
And that , friends , is your brief brush-up on Nipplegate . So , do you think it was planned ?
In the meantime , Timberlake released his fifth studio album Man of the Woods and critics were not impressed that sung about a vagina being a `` faucet . ''
By Sola Ogundipe
For almost a decade , conflict spearheaded by the Boko Haram insurgency sparked off large-scale violence and insecurity in the northeastern region of Nigeria , resulting in one of the largest humanitarian crises in Africa .
The sustained insurgency attacks forced millions to abandon their homes and predominantly agricultural livelihoods , leading to disruptions and decreased income .
Across the Lake Chad Basin region incorporating parts of neighbouring countries and 16 States in northeastern region , an estimated seven million people risk suffering from severe hunger .
But even as the trend of the insecurity is declining , and most areas are becoming relatively strife-free , indicators show that there is growing concern for the food and nutrition security and livelihood of populations in the affected States .
Already , more than two million men , women and children that previously abandoned their homes and livelihoods , are gradually returning .
Many Internally Displaced People , IDPs , in host communities with access to land are returning to farming . The returnees are gradually having access to their land , and looking forward to benfiting from the forthcoming rainy season to begin planting .
Findings revealed that humanitarian costs have been on the increase in recent times and the restoration of agriculture-based livelihoods is key to recovery and peace efforts in the region
Even as the trend of the insecurity is declining , indicators show that there is concern for the food and nutrition security and livelihood of the populations in these affected states .
A joint report tagged “ Cadre Harmonise for Identification of Risk Areas and Vulnerable Populations in 16 States of Nigeria ” , on the analysis of current and projected situations of acute food and nutrition insecurity , showed that the nutritional status that is in stress in Borno , Kano , Katsina , Kebbi , Zamfara and Yobe States , may fall within the critical threshold during the lean season .
The report , put together by the Federal government of Nigeria , Food and Agriculture Organisation , FAO , and the Permanent Interstate Committee for Drought Control in The Sahel , CILSS is the current regional framework for consensual analysis of food insecurity situations . It aims to have the results of food insecurity analysis applied to prevent food crisis by identifying affected areas and populations and proferring appropriate measures to improve their food and nutrition security and livelihoods .
Surveys by the FAO showed that in October 2016 and March 2017 . The food consumption levels in most of the states is minimal .
Some of the states are facing nutritional challenges especially among children aged under five years .
In 2016 , FAO enabled 146,000 people to produce their own cereals , vegetables and pulses during the rainy season . A further 174,400 people are currently being reached for the dry season with vegetable seed and , irrigation support .
In the view of the Director General of the FAO , of the United Nations , Dr. Graziano da Silva , the goal is not that the people should continue to rely on food assistance , rather , restoration of agriculture-based livelihoods is key to recovery and peace efforts in Lake Chad Basin region .
Graziano da Silva who spoke during a visit to a farm centre on the outskirt of Maiduguri , said the need to garner humanitarian assistance to assist the people in hunger-threatened rural communities in the war-afflicted Lake Chad Basin region , said the time to act is now .
“ If we miss the coming planting season , there will be no substantial harvests until 2018 . Failure to restore food production now will lead to the worsening widespread and severe hunger and prolonged dependency on external assistance further into the future , ” he cautioned .
A professor of agriculture and former Brazilian Minister of Agriculture , Graziano da Silva said his visit was to increase presence of the FAO and help reduce the huge food and nutrition crisis faced by people in the region .
“ We have prepared a proposal for development of the Lake Chad Basin . The proposal envisages to give response strategy from 2017 to 2019 for developing the agricultural potential in preventing the risk of severe hunger during the lean season .
“ Peace is not a condition for development , rather development is a condition for peace , ” he stated .
“ We need to go beyond the symptoms and get to the root cause of this crisis
The situation in the northeastern part of the country is not just humanitarian but ecological .
“ It is not enough just to provide them with food , their hope and livelihood must be restored . ”
In 2017 , under the Humanitarian Response Plan for Nigeria , the FAO , of the United Nations is seeking $ 62 million , of which $ 20 million is urgently required to reach 1.9 million people in the region during the upcoming main planting season starting May 2017 .
The post How displaced families in N/E Nigeria tackle food insecurity appeared first on Vanguard News .
3 Stars — Powerful
What makes Warrior a powerful film is its depth of storytelling . Although the basic plot of this fight film is to determine the toughest man on the planet , Gavin O'Connor both writes and directs a film that is far more nuanced .
The trailer reveals that the final “ War on the Shore ” is between two brothers , and the family out of which they come is pummeled with alcoholism , divorce , regret and rivalry while also attempting recovery , forgiveness , trust and reconciliation . This makes the film part Rocky and part Legends of the Fall , complete with a Russian fighter and a complex relationship between the brothers . Although the fight scenes dominate the action , the story engages viewers for whom fighting is of little interest .
The two brothers are Brendan ( Joel Edgerton ) and Tommy Conlon ( Tom Hardy ) . The sons of an abusive alcoholic father named Paddy ( Nick Nolte ) , the rage created by their childhood is only matched by their anger with each other .
The anger goes back to the moment when Brendan as the older 16-year-old brother chose to stay with his father when Tommy and their mother fled the home . What Brendan did not know was that their mother was sick and broke , and what Tommy did not know was that Brendan loved a young woman named Tess ( Jennifer Morrison ) who would become his wife .
When Tommy comes home from the war as an embittered Marine , Paddy is almost 1,000 days sober . Having turned to God by attending church and his Twelve-Step meetings , Paddy attempts to reconcile with him , but Tommy 's rage imprisons his heart . However , when Tommy discovers that there is a winner-takes-all tournament with a $ 5 million purse , he asks his father to train him once again , as he did in high school . Unknown to both Paddy and Tommy , Brendan has entered the same tournament .
We wo n't share any more of the outcome , but the complexity of their relationships demonstrates the difficulties of fathers and sons , and brothers with brothers , as well as that of marriage as Brendan and Tess struggle financially . In addition , the question of faith , forgiveness , trust and reconciliation are powerfully presented from a primarily masculine perspective , something most films do not understand or authentically present .
In addition , the multigenerational impact of alcohol addiction could not be more powerfully presented . From the destruction that occurs to the soul to the longing that sons have for their father , the abuse of both sons and spirits is realistic and painful to watch . That Paddy was damaged by his own experience as a Marine during wartime makes the title of Warrior all the more enlightening .
In the final analysis , Warrior is a story of pain and courage with authentic exploration of abuse and forgiveness in a way that gives all of us a better understanding of how each of us battle to find our way in this life . In that way , it is a film worthy to be viewed . Click here for a movie trailer .
Discussion :
» It 's not easy living together in families , but when alcohol abuse impairs either one or both of the parents , then such a home becomes a literal hell . What do you think we can do to protect children born into such abuse ?
» One of the strengths of the story is that we are left to wonder what happened when Brendan and Tommy walk into their future together . What do you imagine ? Did they reconcile ? Did they share the money ? Did they forgive Paddy ? Did they become a true healthy and loving family ? Why do you answer as you do ?
» Do you agree that people want to know who the toughest person is on the planet ? Why or why not ?
— Cinema in Focus is a social and spiritual movie commentary . Hal Conklin is former mayor of Santa Barbara and Denny Wayman is pastor of Free Methodist Church , 1435 Cliff Drive . For more reviews , visit www.cinemainfocus.com .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
There will be no trains on the Cross City Line between Birmingham city centre , Sutton Coldfield and Lichfield during Monday afternoon 's rush hour .
The northern half of the key commuter route will not reopen until repair work to damaged overhead line equipment is finished at around 7pm .
The same issue meant there were no trains into New Street station on Monday morning .
( Image : Ben Abel / Flickr )
Coaches and minibuses have replaced trains on the route between Lichfield and Sutton .
National Express West Midlands services are accepting rail tickets from Sutton into central Birmingham .
But West Midlands Railway , the company which operates the line , warned there was likely to be disruption for the rest of the day .
The southern half of the route , from New Street to Redditch and Longbridge , is unaffected .
Four minibuses will shuttle between Lichfield Trent Valley and Lichfield City
A total of 16 coaches will shuttle between Lichfield City and Sutton Coldfield , calling at Shenstone , Blake Street , Butlers Lane and Four Oaks .
Rail tickets will be accepted on National Express West Midlands bus services 14 , 65 , 67 , X3 , X4 , X5 & X14 between Wylde Green , Chester Road , Erdington , Gravelly Hill , Aston , Duddeston and Birmingham city centre
Ticket acceptance is also in place on CrossCountry routes via Tamworth .
Any passengers delayed by 15 minutes or more can claim Delay Repay compensation online at westmidlandsrailway.co.uk/delayrepay
A spokesman for West Midlands Railways apologised for the disruption : “ Network Rail engineers have been working in freezing conditions throughout the night to repair the damage , so that the line can reopen as quickly as possible .
“ In the meantime , please accept our sincere apologies for the obvious inconvenience this disruption is causing ; we appreciate that it 's not the best start to the week for our Cross City passengers . ”
Posted on June 13 , 2013 | 11:00 a.m .
Source : Requejo Family
Mary Lou Requejo passed away on June 9 , 2013 , after a prolonged illness . Born Maria Luisa Perez de Requejo on August 28 , 1924 , to parents Juanita Perez and Jose Inez Requejo , both from Coahulia , Torreon , Mexico , her journey began . She was 88 years old .
After the passing of her mother , Mary Lou came to the United States as a young woman and lived in Carpinteria with her aunt , Refugio Perez de Escareno . She worked for a few years at the Carpinteria Lemon Packing house . She saved her money to later enroll herself at the Santa Barbara Beauty Academy , and after one year received her beautician certificate .
She later moved with a family friend , Lucy Curial , to Los Angeles to find work . The very first beauty shop that she went into looking for a job , hired her on the spot . Over the next 10 years Mary Lou worked at the same salon , building up her clientele .
A savvy businesswoman , she became interested in running her own business and opening up her own hair salon . Soon after she was able to open up her own shop and her clientele followed her . At a time when single women were seen as homemakers first and breadwinners last , Mary Lou was able to break the cycle and hold her own in the business world , which afforded the ability to purchase her home in Carpinteria . Once retired , Mary Lou returned to Carpinteria to live in her home and volunteered her time to her church , assisting in different capacities .
Mary Lou would spend the next 10 years working and traveling back and forth to Torreon and Carpinteria to visit with her family . A survivor , Mary Lou dedicated her life to her brothers and sisters . She leaves behind her sole surviving brother , Ricardo Requejo . Her brother , Romualdo Requejo , and sisters Margarita Soto and Juanita Lomeli preceded her in death . Not having married or having had any children of her own , she surrounded herself with many nephews and nieces .
Mary Lou 's journey has come to an end but her fighting spirit will live on in our hearts and in our minds . God Bless you LuLu ... know that the family loved you and will miss you dearly . Rest in Peace .
Services will be held at St. Joseph 's Catholic Church , 1532 Linden Avenue in Carpinteria , at 10 a.m. Friday , June 14 . Following mass services , there will be a procession to the Carpinteria Cemetery , 1501 Cravens Lane , where Mary Lou will be laid to rest . A reception will follow to honor Mary Lou , at Carpinteria Community Church , 1111 Vallecito Road .
Funeral services are by Welch-Ryce-Haider Funeral Chapels .
Films on the outdoors and environment from Idaho , the American West and elsewhere in the world will be featured at the third-annual Les Bois Film Festival March 3 at the Egyptian Theatre . The festival , hosted by the Land Trust of the Treasure Valley , will show 28 films in two showings , with an emphasis on films produced in Idaho and the West . A 1 p.m. matinee will show 14 films ; a 7 p.m. showing will feature 14 different films . Tickets are $ 15 for adults and $ 12 for kids , and $ 25 for both sessions .
Lagos – The College of Medicine , University Of Lagos ( CMUL ) , Lagos State , on Monday inducted 106 newly qualified medical and dental practitioners into the profession , during its 2016 Medical and Dental Induction Ceremony .
Speaking at the event , Prof. Folusho Lesi , the Provost of CMUL , advised the newly inducted medical and dental practitioners to join other health workers in providing quality healthcare to the society .
He advised the graduates to abide by the ethics of the profession and embrace team work , to curtail professional rivalry .
“ My charge to the young doctors is for them to go out and work as part of the health team that will improve healthcare delivery in Nigeria .
“ It is also important for them to ensure that they work together with other members of the health team .
“ Team work is one thing that should be emphasised , there is so much rivalry between professional groups and it is not necessary because the patients suffer .
“ So , they should go out and contribute their part by seeing themselves as members of the society , who have important roles to play . ''
The provost advised the inductees to be hardworking and committed to their duties .
“ I urge you to put the welfare of your patients first , render skillful effective service and your needs will be taken care of .
“ Also , make personal efforts to continually update yourself with current information in the profession , '' he said .
Also speaking , Dr Kunle Onakoya , the guest speaker at the ceremony , advised the inductees to imbibe the ethics , rules and regulations of the profession and stand out among their colleagues .
Onakoya , who is also an Orthopaedic Surgeon , urged the graduates to be committed and dedicated to the course of promoting their professions in the country .
“ I urge the young doctors to rise above discouragement because they will surely encounter one ; they need to be an oasis because oasis is a fertile ground which struggles to survive in spite of hardship .
“ Regardless of hardship in school , every young doctor needs to flourish and strive for excellence .
“ Striving for excellence will help them to give back to the society by contributing to the health system . ”
He adviced them to be compassionate , understand the feelings of their patients and treat them as expected .
Onakoya also advised aspiring medical students to be hardworking as well as embrace the required concentration and determination .
He urged governments at all levels to boost and upgrade the health system for a good and efficient healthcare delivery system .
According to Onakoya , boosting the health system will attract and encourage Nigerian health professionals outside the country to return home .
Responding on behalf of the graduates , Mr Azeez Arisekola , one the best graduating students , said he would serve the nation by being committed to saving lives .
He also advised the students to believe in themselves and be determined to always be the best in all their endeavours .
Another graduate , Mr Emmanuel Ohaa , said he would use his training to enhance national development and save lives .
“ I also thank my parents , lecturers and the university management for grooming me to be effective and efficient .
“ I encourage colleagues to be humble , intelligent and aspire to attain more academic excellence , with a view to achieving their dreams , '' he said .
The six inductees were awarded with cash gifts for being the best in various categories . ( NAN )
By TEMPLE LI
In an article published above the fold on the front page of a recent edition of USA Today , the national American newspaper headlined its hard copy publication with , “ Africans slam U.N. for rapes by troops. ” The crux of the article was unsubstantiated figures of purported rapes carried out by U.N. peacekeepers in Africa .
According to a few anecdotal claims from purported African citizens and “ U.N . records ” ( whatever that is ) , there have been 255 alleged victims of abuse . USA Today reported that these U.N. records revealed that just six soldiers were jailed for the alleged abuse and sexual exploitation . It is unclear from the article what the definitional difference is between “ abuse ” and “ sexual exploitation. ” It may mean that only a portion of the six U.N. peacekeepers jailed were incarcerated for “ sexual exploitation ” and the balance for non-sexual activity .
There have been hundreds of thousands of U.N. peacekeepers in Africa over the last several years . They have been dispatched to this continent to assist in the democratic growth of many dictatorial-run nations , and to otherwise aid those in these poverty-stricken countries . One of their challenges has been to stop African-led gangs from raping their own countrymen and women . Many U.N. peacekeepers have been assaulted – and even murdered – in their line of duty .
The USA Today article is laced with quotes from Africans , making claims about “ white peacekeepers ” raping women and children . One might think that the tone of the article is designed to portray the notion that raping by white U.N. peacekeepers is some form of pandemic . And that the peacekeepers are riddled with lunatic , crime-raging Caucasians who came to Africa with a purpose to sexually assault blacks . This , of course , is the stuff that makes for science fiction .
Upon further review of the USA Today article , it appears that this newspaper may have had a more clever , moral-based agenda with this front page piece : to expose the racism of these quoted Africans . A defining quote printed in the article was from Marie-Blanche Marboua from Bouar , who denounced Caucasians in sputtering , “ I have realized that nothing must be expected from these white people . ”
No doubt , if the exact same comment was issued by a white person against black people , there would be a national media frenzy . Bravo to USA Today for having the courage to expose this racism against white people .
There is obviously equal racism among all races and ethnicities ( whites , blacks , Latinos , Indians , Asians , Eskimos , etc ) . The amount of racism among all , however , is actually minuscule and blown out of proportion by the mainstream media , politicos , academia , and special interest groups , who have an economic/social agenda to falsely make it appear pervasive .
As the moral cliques of the world work to end the erroneous inflated “ racist ” statistics – in order to yield racial harmony where people do not focus on race – it is important that there is equality in the media 's reporting of the few real racist acts that occur . Thus , an article like that recently published in USA Today is a step in the right direction .
Temple Li is the news editor for Empire State News , where she frequently authors who own editorials ( just because she feels like it ) . She graduated at the top of her class at a mediocre college , infuriating her professors with her conservative wit and sultry charm . Empire State News allows Ms. Li to make a living , and to have a platform to tell people what she thinks . What could be better than that ?
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE .
YOU MAY , HOWEVER , COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK .
SOUTHWEST MIAMI-DADE , FLA. ( WSVN ) - A South Florida woman was honored at a rescue shelter for saving a dog .
Elicia Diaz received high honors at the Paws-For-You rescue shelter for taking in a dog left abandoned on the streets for more than a year .
Four-year-old Quiana was cold , scared and very aggressive when Diaz attempted to rescue her .
She brought the four-legged animal back to health before eventually adopting her .
Local businesses also chipped in to honor her courageous act . PetSmart provided a goodie bag for the pup , while other businesses offered home services .
Diaz renamed Quiana to Canela , which is Spanish for cinnamon . She said the name came to her because of the dog 's big brown eyes .
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Locals at Gudariya in Susta rural municipality-2 , Nawalparasi , broke a part of Gandak dam and channelized floodwaters into the canal after water gushed into their settlements and inundated their fields following rainfall .
Locals had broken the wall last year saying the floodwaters could not find its way out due to the Gandak barrage . The Gandak Canal is a joint irrigation and power project between Nepal and India .
The Kathmandu Post reports that locals at Gudariya in Susta rural municipality-2 made an opening in the dam to channelize water into the canal . They , however , fear that the water may fill up the canal after further rainfall and enter back to the settlements and fields .
Chief District Officer at East Nawalparasi Devendra Lamichhane said they have received information about locals digging a canal to flow the water out . We have informed them about the risks of breaking a big dam to funnel the water out and trying to resolve the issue , he said .
A child plays near Seattle Police before a pro-Trump `` Prayer Rally '' at Westlake Park , Sunday , Aug. 13 , 2017 , in Seattle . A counter group holds its own rally nearby . The Seattle Times via AP Ken Lambert
Column by Hallie Beard , Opinion Editor
In news this week , we 've got a story on the cost of being an international student .
Through working in the writing center , I 've had some interaction with international students and have heard about their experiences here , but I 'm ashamed to say I 've never gone out of my way to help out our visiting students , besides maybe offering a ride once or twice .
Making new friends on campus or reaching out to new students is never easy , especially if we think some linguistic or cultural barrier will make the process more difficult . But , as students at a university that has a large international population and welcomes those students , we should be more aware of how our interactions with them – or lack thereof – affect their perceptions of us and , ultimately , their stay in the U.S.Once , a student in the writing center brought in a personal essay about her expectations of going to an American university and how her time at Murray State has compared to those expectations . In the essay , she revealed how much anxiety she had about coming to the U.S. because other friends who had participated in exchange programs described American students as mean , exclusive and apathetic to people who did n't look like them .
I was appalled – it was heartbreaking to know international students expected us to be cold before their arrival in the U.S . I wanted to apologize to that student on behalf of any Americans who fulfilled that stereotype , but how genuine could that apology be if I have n't put time into being a friend to them , either ?
Thankfully , the student wrote that her time at Murray State improved after getting acclimated to student life and living in the residential colleges , but I still could n't help but feel a bit sad when she left .
So , even though I 've only got a limited amount of time before I graduate and it 's a bit late in the year for a resolution , I 'm resolving to make more of an effort when it comes to befriending or helping international students .
If you 're like me and feel awkward trying to make a new friend without a specific plan , here are some ideas for how to make this process fun and helpful for all involved :
Be a study partner . This is a fairly safe way to make a new friend and comfort someone who might be struggling with material . If there are international students in your classes you think might be struggling to understand the professor or juggle all the reading , lend a hand . You do n't have to approach it as if you have all the answers – in fact , you could ask them for some notes or to figure out a problem you do n't understand . That way , discussing the material is natural and no one feels embarrassed about not knowing something .
Share a meal . Next time you 're in Winslow or the T-Room and see an international student eating alone , ask if you can sit with them and tell them about your day . Or , ask about their classes and see if you have any academic interests in common . Imagine you had to live at a university in a new country where the town was small and the friend groups were even smaller . Would you want to eat alone in a crowd of people who seemed to enjoy each other and know exactly what 's going on ? Probably not . Put yourself in their shoes and treat them as you 'd want to be treated .
Be friendly to hitchhikers . OK , this is n't the 1960s and it 's not likely you 'll see anyone holding their thumb out on the side of the road , but I 'm sure you 've seen international students lugging their grocery bags from the store across 121 . In this cold , that 's a miserable trek , and you know those grocery bags are n't strong . If you 've got room in your car , roll the window down and ask if they need a ride . It 's not that weird , and it never hurts to ask .
Hopefully these tips help all of us bridge the gap between awkward smiling and friendship or at least make someone 's stay here a little brighter .
Check Also
Suspected jihadists killed at least 17 people in an attack on a Turkish restaurant , less …
Drake in Atlanta , Georgia on May 7 , 2018 . Prince Williams/WireImage
On Tuesday , Pusha T added fuel to his exhilaratingly reignited rap feud with Drake , releasing a new diss track , “ The Story of Adidon , ” in which he claimed the Toronto rapper is a deadbeat dad . It was undoubtedly a low blow , but it might not have been the most damning part of the track : that would be the accompanying album art , which features a photo of a widely grinning Drake in blackface , jazz hands splayed .
People were quick to track down the apparent source of the photo , from a shoot said to have taken place around 2008 with photographer David Leyes . They also noted that Drake was wearing a hoodie and shirt prominently displaying a black cartoon crow—part of a collection known as Jim Crow Couture , from Toronto clothing label Too Black Guys . The label , a staple within hip hop culture for more than two decades ( Mary J. Blige wore a jersey prominently bearing its signature in her video for “ Real Love ” ) , has made its name on creating designs that attempt to slyly re-contextualize and subvert racist imagery .
The image of Drake in blackface , along with the Jim Crow apparel , made for a jarring pairing , and many fans were , at the least , puzzled , and on the other end of the spectrum , incensed . I reached out to the label 's founder , Adrian Aitcheson to get his thoughts on the controversy , and via the company 's publicist , he provided this statement :
The photo in question was not from a Too Black Guys photoshoot however it did feature clothing from Too Black Guys ' JIM CROW COUTURE/HOUSE OF CROW collection which was released in 2008 . The collection featured several graphics that highlighted the painful and dangerous period of the Jim Crow Era . Too Black Guys has a history of representing the black experience in an unapologetic way . Although this was not an image from any of our photoshoots , we feel that Drake , who is a long- time friend of the brand , was brilliantly illustrating the hypocrisy of the Jim Crow Era . The subtleties of Drake , a young black man , mimicking how white men used to mimic and dehumanize black people may be lost in a rap battle but we should not be distracted from the issues that are still affecting our communities .
Soon after Pusha T released “ The Story of Adidon , ” he tweeted to bewildered fans that the photo was not “ edited ” in any way , which was true , sort of : While it is Drake in that photo , the cover art has been extracted from what was apparently a series of at least two photos . Another image from the shoot , shot in black and white , shows Drake , eyes closed and arms folded , in a demonstrably sobering state . There 's no shortage of ways to read these two images side by side , including the charitable way in which Aitcheson does—as “ illustrating the hypocrisy of the Jim Crow Era , ” in a similar vein , perhaps , as Childish Gambino 's “ This Is America. ” But without that second photo—the one Pusha conveniently left out—it 's much easier to paint Drake-in-blackface as tone-deaf , gross , and maybe a little bit racist . ( Never mind the fact that Pusha released his album under the production of Kanye West , noted seller of Confederate merchandise . )
Drake himself has yet to comment . You can listen to Pusha T 's song below .
CONSTRUCTION has finally begun to fix the Airlie Beach Lagoon .
Whitsunday Regional Council is reporting they are on track to deliver the refurbishment of the lagoon by the end of August , with works beginning today .
Investigations after Tropical Cyclone Debbie showed significant damage to the structural integrity of the lagoon .
The refurbishment works will include removing the damaged pebblecrete pool surface and resurfacing the entire pool area with pebblecrete , as well as addressing drainage issues by changing some landscaping around the pool edge , and upgrading some of the facilities and garden beds around the lagoon .
Council originally reported in April that the lagoon would be closed for a month but further investigations revealed the full extent of the damage and in May it was announced the lagoon 's re-opening date would be months away and would cost upwards of $ 400,000 .
Repairs began on the Airlie Beach Lagoon on Thursday . Dane Lillingstone
Mayor Andrew Willcox said all council 's efforts would be focussed on completing the major works as quickly as possible .
`` We know how important the lagoon is for Airlie Beach businesses , our community and our visitors , ” he said .
`` Last week we asked for suggestions for landscaping improvements from local businesses located near the lagoon , and there were some great ideas put forward . ”
Repairs began on the Airlie Beach Lagoon on Thursday . Dane Lillingstone
Weather permitting , the works are expected to be completed by the end of August with work to be done between Monday to Saturday during the day , and some night works if needed .
Local company Splash Pools Constructions have been engaged for the repairs and the landscaping works will be completed by council 's Parks and Gardens team .
More information about the project can be found at whitsundayrc.qld.gov.au or through Whitsunday Regional Council on 4945 0200 .
By Davies Iheamnachor
PORT HARCOURT— Former illegal oil refiners in Rivers State have vowed to continue in their illegal dealings in petroleum products until the Federal Government provides them with empowerment .
The artisanal refiners , who are mainly drawn from the Ogoni extraction , noted that they can not leave their only source of survival until the Federal Government provides them an alternative .
Their position was disclosed to Minister of State for Environment and Chairman , Governing Council , Hydrocarbon Pollution Remediation Project , Ibrahim Jibrin , in Port Harcourt , at a one-day consultative meeting organised by the office of the Project Coordination , HYPREP .
Speaking for the ex-artisanal refiners , Mr. Domka Humphrey said they can only stop refining petroleum products illegally if the Federal Government empowers them and include them in the remediation process in Ogoni .
Humphrey said : “ Sir , I will tell you our minds , if you do n't empower us , we will not stop refining , because this is what we feed our families and relations with . We do n't have anything doing after government took away the pipeline surveillance from us .
“ So , we need to be carried along . Some of us are graduates , many people are still in the bush refining , if you empower us , we will talk to them and they will leave the bush . But where we are not seeing anything , it will be very difficult for us to leave the illegal refining . ”
Meanwhile , Minister of State for Environment , Ibrahim Jibrin , in his address to the ex-artisanal refiners , said : “ I have heard all of you , I 'm assuring you that the issue will get to the acting President , but remember that you have fishes of all kinds , animals , we can not get them if you contaminate the water with hydrocarbon pollution . ”
“ It is in our interest to keep our environment clean , it is in our own interest to ensure that whatever we must do , we have to take care of our environment . That is why the Federal Government has taken the issue of modular refinery seriously . It is community-based . It is going to be regulated . There is need for us to organise ourselves into responsible cooperatives . ”
No slowing down for Thompson after Dee Bee 's Ballarat Cup win
ASTON Dee Bee ( Barcia Bale x Aston Elle Apr '15 ) will have a week away from the race track after recording a brilliant victory in Saturday 's Group 2 Ballarat Cup ( 450m ) .
Trained by Seona Thompson , the powerhouse performer used box one to perfection , barging his way along the fence underneath early leader Chardy ( Barcia Bale x Mepunga Nicky Jun '15 ) to take the lead around the turn .
Once Aston Dee Bee found the front it was all over as the Ray Borda-owned and bred greyhound charged to the line to win by just over two lengths in a sizzling 25.07 .
Aston Dee Bee has now won his past five starts , including the world 's richest greyhound race , the Group 1 Melbourne Cup , on November 24 .
Thompson believes her star greyhound is starting to come of age and develop into the complete racing package .
“ He took advantage of having box one again and he is racing full of confidence – I think that 's a pretty big thing , ” Thompson told Australian Racing Greyhound .
“ He has turned into the ultimate professional . He is a bit of a gentle giant so it took him a while for him to learn to push his way through but he is really putting it all together now . ”
VIDEO REPLAY : Check out Aston Dee Bee 's winning chase in the 2017 Energis # BallaratCup . Chardy second and Ando 's MAC third . # GreyhoundRacing pic.twitter.com/gPYw6JzNLj — Greyhound Racing Vic ( @ GRV_News ) December 9 , 2017
Aston Dee Bee – which scored his maiden group victory in the Melbourne Cup – has now won 29 races from 50 starts and has been placed on another 10 occasions . His earnings are sitting at $ 683,025 which puts him in ninth spot on the all-time prize money earner 's list .
Having qualified for 10 group races throughout his career , Thompson said it is no surprise to see Aston Dee Bee now piling up the wins at the highest level after winning the Melbourne Cup .
“ Before the Melbourne Cup he had been placed in five group finals but had n't had much luck . You see it all the time – once they win one they usually go on and win a few more once they learn what to do .
“ We 've had him here since he broke in . We knew from day one he was something special – he has always been good . It was just a case of getting him to show it on the track .
“ In his early trials he had good first splits . He does n't always show that in his races , but he is very strong and he is a big dog . Now that he has learned he has that size he is starting to push his way through other dogs which he showed again on Saturday night . ”
Thompson said she will sit down this week and map out the feature race preparation for Aston Dee Bee , with country cups and the Australian Cup Carnival in the first quarter of 2018 the main goals .
“ There are races on every week so there is no shortage of options , ” Thompson said .
“ He is n't an old dog so he should have plenty of racing left in him . We 'll have a look and see what 's on for him and keep racing him until he tells us he 's had enough . ”
While it is going to be a quiet week for Aston Dee Bee , it is still going to be a busy one for Thompson who heads to Tasmania this Thursday night with four runners in the Hobart A Thousand heats – Bewildering ( Black Magic Opal x Outlandish Feb '15 ) , Big Flood ( Banjo Boy x Easy Baby May '15 ) , Aqua Cheetah ( Cosmic Rumble x Dalta Bale Jun '14 ) and Invictus Rapid ( Cosmic Rumble x Miss Fiesty Feb '14 ) .
“ I have n't been to Hobart before , I 've only watched on TV , but I think the track will really suit a dog like Bewildering , ” Thompson said .
“ It 's a long run down the back straight and he has drawn quite well – hopefully he can have a big of luck and race well .
“ I 'm taking Bewildering and Big Flood over with me – the other two are already over there with Mick Stringer .
“ They are both getting a bit older so I sent them over for a trial and a race so they could really see the track before the heats , but neither of them know how to put in a bad race so they 'll both be trying .
“ Hopefully the four of them get some luck and make it around safe . ”
Click to share on Google+ ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Reddit ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Tumblr ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
BOSTON ( AP ) Bonzie Colson remembered running around Boston College , having birthday parties and shooting around with some of the Eagles ' notable players when his dad was an assistant coach .
He was having fun again Tuesday night .
Colson scored 20 points , Matt Farrell had 19 and No . 25 Notre Dame overcame a 13-point first-half deficit for an 84-76 victory over Boston College , sending the Eagles to their 10th straight loss .
“ I just remember a lot of times shooting around before practice , being a ball boy . Just trying to learn the game and learn from them , ” said Colson , who recalled being around former Eagles like current NBA players Jared Dudley and Reggie Jackson to name a few .
“ It 's been something that 's always been a huge part of my life and I 'll never forget those memories , ” Colson said .
V.J . Beachem had 16 points and Steve Vasturia added 15 for the Fighting Irish ( 20-7 , 9-5 Atlantic Coast Conference ) . It is coach Mike Brey 's 13th time winning at least 20 games with Notre Dame .
Ky Bowman led Boston College ( 9-18 , 2-12 ) with 29 points and Mo Jeffers had 12 .
BC had sliced it to 78-76 on Bowman 's two free throws with just under a minute to play , but Beachem grabbed an offensive rebound and was fouled on the ensuing possession . He hit both free throws with 24.1 seconds to play .
“ When you get opportunities in the ACC , you 've got to make the play , ” BC coach Jim Christian said of the rebound . “ We did n't . It 's a short answer to a complicated question , but it 's the truth . ”
The Fighting Irish trailed by 10 points early in the second half before outscoring BC 21-3 over a 4:50 span .
Consecutive 3s from Farrell 29 seconds apart tied it at 59 before Colson 's putback jam on their next possession gave them their first lead of the game with just under 13 minutes to play . Farrell let out a loud yell when he was running down the court .
“ I think in the first half we were n't playing with any energy or any of that passion we need to play with , ” he said .
Farrell had committed to BC out of high school but opted out after Steve Donahue was fired in March 2014 .
“ I was thinking about some extra stuff , ” he said . “ Some guys called me ` traitor . ' It was awesome . ”
The Eagles had led by 13 points and posted a season-high for a first half with 49 points to open a 10-point lead at intermission . They shot 58.6 percent ( 17 of 29 ) and also went 9 for 10 from the free throw line .
BIG PICTURE
Notre Dame : The Fighting Irish need to take advantage of a softer portion of their schedule – with games coming up against North Carolina State , Georgia Tech and another with BC to have a chance to make a run to the top of the ACC .
Boston College : Like a number of games this season , the Eagles showed spunk but could n't close out a win . With leading scorer Jerome Robinson ( 19.4 ) struggling down the stretch , they really looked challenged offensively . He finished with 11 points on 3-of-12 shooting .
POLL IMPLICATIONS
Notre Dame : The Irish climbed back into the poll this week after being out for one week . A loss to BC and some weaker opponents coming up would have made it very hard to get back in the next few weeks .
NICE RUN
Brey talked about how consistent his program has remained in its fourth season in the ACC , posting a third straight 20-win season .
“ We 've been on a great run , ” he said . “ I 'm really proud of our program . We had a pretty consistent program when were in the Big East . I was worried bringing it to the ACC . ”
FAMILY HISTORY
Colson 's dad – also Bonzie – was an assistant at BC under Al Skinner for nine years .
NUMBER CHANGE
BC forward Conar Tava wore No . 30 instead of his usual No . 2 for the second half after playing the final few minutes of the first with a large tear down the left side .
UP NEXT
Notre Dame : At NC State on Saturday .
Boston College : At No . 17 Florida State on Monday . The Eagles are 0-6 on the road in league play .
—
More AP college basketball : http : //www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP-Top25 .
Jurors will be bused to Santa Barbara County Superior Court from Solvang
Jury selection has begun in Solvang for the third trial in the Corey Lyons double homicide case , Chief Deputy District Attorney Gordon Auchincloss said .
Lyons is accused of shooting his brother , 55-year-old Daniel Lyons , and his brother 's life partner , 48-year-old Barbara Scharton , in their Mesa home on May 4 , 2009 .
He was the owner and a contractor with Select Construction and was involved in a civil lawsuit with his brother after building the couple 's home . The prosecution has alleged the civil suit is the motive behind the shootings .
Because of the case 's publicity , jurors will be bused to Santa Barbara County Superior Court Judge Brian Hill 's courtroom from Solvang .
Auchincloss prosecuted Lyons in the two previous trials — one trial ended with a mistrial and the second ended with a hung jury with a 7-5 split decision , with the majority saying Lyons was not guilty .
The third trial is being handled by Senior Deputy District Attorney Ron Zonen and prosecuting attorney Vicki Johnson .
Lyons is represented by defense attorney Bob Sanger .
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
If you 've been watching ‘ This Is Us ' , it 's no secret that Jack dies… eventually… because he 's not in the Big 3 's life now , as adults .
Rumors started swirling a few weeks ago that Jack may have died in a 9/11 plane crash because at one point little Kevin is shown smashing his toy planes , and Kate is a nervous flyer .
Anyway , some new theories have surfaced .
There are car crash theories . “ I think some sort of accident but I also think Kate was there , which makes me believe it was a car crash . She survived and he did n't . She feels tremendous guilt over it and ca n't forgive herself for surviving . ”
There are illness theories . “ He died from lung cancer from inhaling sawdust , asbestos , etc . from his construction sites . ”
…and…
“ Seems like Jack is losing his memory . He forgot to kiss Rebecca . Forgot to tell her about the deal he was closing . He forgot Kevin 's football number , and he forgot they did n't eat dinner . ”
There are house fire theories . “ There 's a fire at their house . It might be because Kate was baking something and it caught fire , and Jack dies saving Kate . That 's why she has the urn and seems most affected by Jack 's death , and also kind of distant with Rebecca . Not that Rebecca would directly blame her , but maybe Kate was feeling guilty and she distanced herself from Rebecca and Randall , and got closer with Kevin . ”
There are accident theories . “ I believe that he dies from a simple , but dramatic , accident from working on the family home or while on the job ( possibly falling off the roof ) . I have this feeling mostly from the episode from when Randall goes on his “ trip ” and speaks to his dad while Jack works on the cabin . ”
And , of course , more plane crash theories .
What do YOU think happened to Jack ?
Family friendly event was sponsored by the Goleta Valley Historical Society
[ Click here for a gallery of Stow House 's July 4 Celebration . ]
Fourth of July took a step into the past in Goleta Thursday during the Old Fashioned 4th of July Celebration at Stow House .
A laid-back crowd with a strong family flavor filled the grounds of the historic estate , listening to music , enjoying traditional food , taking in numerous exhibits and partaking in lots of kid-friendly activities .
Under sunny skies , attendees were treated to the music of The Salt Martians , The Rawhides and Peter Feldmann & the Very Lonesome Boys .
For children there was face painting , temporary tattoos , and pony rides .
Traditional July 4th culinary fare included barbecue , hot dogs , popcorn and lemonade .
A wide assortment of vintage machines and steam engines was on display , with most chugging away back in the barn area . They were punctuated regularly by the blast of a steam horn .
The event was hosted by the Goleta Valley Historical Society .
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
A North Las Vegas police K9 has an extra layer of protection thanks to a charitable donation .
K9 Storm received a bullet and stab proof vest from Vested Interest in K9 's , Inc . The vest was sponsored by an anonymous person and embroidered with the sentiment `` honoring those who served and sacrificed . ''
The donation to provide one vest for a law enforcement K9 is $ 950 . Each vest is valued between $ 1,744 and $ 2,283 with a five-year warranty .
There are an estimated 30,000 law enforcement K9s throughout the United States . Since its inception , Vested Interest in K9s , Inc. provided more than 2,800 vests in 50 states for K9s .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
MIAMI BEACH , FLA. ( WSVN ) - A cocktail bar in Miami Beach earned top honors from a renowned food and drink website .
Broken Shaker in the Freehand Hotel was ranked the best bar by The Daily Meal .
The poolside bar topped the list of 150 establishments across the country .
The site highlighted the venue for its romantic atmosphere and unique menu .
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Video will play in
Mum stabs herself in chest as she trips over the
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm his resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Watch this video again
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
New Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp will bring Steve Cotterill to the club as part of his staff .
Cotterill , 52 , left Bristol City in January 2016 after two years in charge .
He was part of Redknapp 's coaching staff at QPR in the 70-year-old 's most recent managerial role .
Redknapp was appointed as Blues boss this morning after Gianfranco Zola resigned yesterday following the 2-0 defeat at home to Burton Albion .
Former Tottenham manager Redknapp now has three games of the season remaining in which to keep Blues in the Championship .
They currently sit in 20th place , three points above the bottom three .
Redknapp 's first match in charge will be the derby against Aston Villa on Sunday .
Then , Blues face Huddersfield Town at St Andrew 's and Bristol City on the final day of the season .
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Brummies look away now .
You may already know this , but if you did n't , we have a startling revelation : many of the scenes from Peaky Blinders are actually filmed in Liverpool then made to look like Birmingham .
Watery Lane , the 1920s Birmingham home of the gangsters , led by Tommy Shelby ( Cillian Murphy ) , is filmed in Powis Street in Toxteth .
The street features heavily in the fourth series of the show , currently being screened on BBC2 , as the Shelbys are forced to move back to Small Heath in a bid to protect themselves from the Mafia .
And another house on Rodney Street has been transformed countless times - from Ada Shelby 's dining room to backdrop for World War II drama Close to the Enemy , reports the Liverpool Echo .
The nearest location to Birmingham where the series is filmed is at the Black Country Living Museum near Dudley .
The Dudley attraction has been used to recreate the scrap metal yard of Charlie Strong , where Thomas Shelby stored his illicit goods and used the canals to send them off to London and abroad in the second series .
Previously , Steven Knight told the Echo : “ We picked the city ( Liverpool ) for a filming location because there are some great places that are of the period , whereas in a lot of cities , those locations are gone – destroyed in the war . ”
Steven Knight has indicated in the past that he would like to shoot more scenes in Birmingham , let 's hope that happens now .
Peter Wood has been welcoming film crews and celebrities into his Rodney Street home for 20 years - creating all kinds of weird and wonderful opportunities .
The best-known production to have graced Peter 's property is undoubtedly Peaky Blinders - with his home featuring in the two most recent series of the show .
In the latest round of filming , a room of Peter 's house was completed redecorated to become the dining room of the home Thomas Shelby buys for his sister Ada .
While he 's never played host to Tom Hardy , Peter has welcomed Cillian Murphy into his home for filming .
Every production brings with it a different set of demands - and Peter has had his home redecorated countless times by film crews trying to set the perfect scene .
Speaking to the ECHO about his experiences of opening his home up to film crews , Peter said : `` It started quite a long time ago - I must have read a newspaper article about how people could make money from their houses .
`` It was about 20 years ago - maybe someone knocked the door and said have you ever thought about it . We registered with Liverpool Film Office and gave them pictures of the house . ''
After first providing the location for a BBC production about children sent to Australia in the 20th Century , offers started rolling in to use Peter 's property .
He said : `` We got things from time to time and then got The Forsyte Saga - where their home became a consulting room in Harley Street .
`` They painted a beautiful sign saying Harley Street to put over the Rodney Street sign . We 've still got that to this day as a momento .
`` Peaky Blinders came and they came back for a second run . We did n't get Tom Hardy but we had Cillian Murphy and a lot of other people . ''
Every time a film crew transforms the house for a production , they have to return it as they found it - and it 's provided an opportunity for Peter to redecorate a lot .
Talking about BBC production Close to the Enemy , Peter said : `` They bought the most expensive wallpaper but it 's inappropriate for our tastes and there was hideous carpet up the stairs . ''
The house was also transformed to become Ada Shelby 's home . Peter said : `` There was a baby born there and a man was pacing up and down outside with screaming coming from the room . Everyone was trying to cover the giggles outside . ''
Filming can last anything from one day to months at a time - and Peter has previously opened his home up to an entire summer of work .
However , if you 've got a desirable property for film crews the inconvenience can come with a pretty impressive pay cheque .
Peter revealed he 's been paid between £800 and £1,200 for a single day of filming .
How can you get paid to have film crews in your house ?
Location scouts are always on the hunt for places to film and Liverpool has provided the backdrop for a long list of big-budget blockbusters and TV shows .
Whether it 's for a celebrity photo shoot or professional film set , you could register your home to be used by production crews .
Liverpool Film Office has a directory of more than 1,000 locations for film crews to choose from - including homes , businesses and streets across the city .
To register your property , you just need to visit the Liverpool Film Office website and send in five photos .
Liverpool City Council Film and Event Location Co-ordinator Kevin Bell said : “ The council has a directory of potential film locations across Merseyside which includes residential properties .
“ We find that many production companies come to us as the first port of call which is why we have created this free resource . It currently has more than 1,000 locations listed which includes everything from major public buildings right through to residential properties . ”
How much can you make from having film crews in your house ?
There is n't really a fixed fee for hiring your home out for filming - it depends on a lot of factors including the size of the production , the amount of time they need the venue for and how quickly they need it .
A daily fee can range from a couple of hundred pounds to several thousands , depending on the type of production .
Donald Trump supporters at the Colorado GOP Election Night Party in Greenwood Village celebrate after he is declared winner of the 2016 U.S. election on Nov. 8 , 2016 . Photo edited by Slate . Photo by Jason Connolly/AFP/Getty Images .
“ Status threat , not economic hardship , explains the 2016 presidential vote. ” So says an article in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences by Diana C. Mutz , a political science and communications professor at the University of Pennsylvania . The piece is based on a study Mutz recently conducted and is the latest entry in this long-running debate , which has been crudely boiled down to “ economics or bigotry ” as the possible factors driving Trump 's shocking victory . But Mutz 's approach is different . “ The way this analysis is framed , ” she explained when we recently spoke by phone , “ is that we are looking at what caused people to change their minds and not vote for the candidate of the party that they traditionally do . So what we are looking at is the relatively small number of people who voted Democrat in 2012 and Republican in 2016 . ”
This is an edited and condensed version of our conversation about her results .
Isaac Chotiner : What do you mean by “ status threat ” ?
Diana C. Mutz : “ Status threat ” means that you feel your group in society is no longer on top , no longer doing as well as it once was . And doing as well in this case does n't mean doing as well economically so much as having primary social and political status . Dominant groups that feel discriminated against in today 's society have historically had the most advantages in our country . And things have changed . And while things are generally better for women and minorities , I think the change associated with that is threatening . People see it as a zero-sum game : If you are doing better , I must be doing worse .
How did that show up in your results ?
In several different ways . One indicator that people feel increasing threat is social dominance orientations : the extent to which you feel your group should be put above others . We do n't define the groups for people . It is whatever groups they think they are . That [ feeling ] went up between 2012 and 2016 . In addition , though , we have measures that ask people to what extent they think men are discriminated against in American society , to the extent women are , and the same with whites , blacks , Hispanics , Christians , Muslims , etc . And it 's those who are particularly likely to see the dominant groups—whites , Christians , men—as currently being discriminated against that are supporting Trump .
But this is just among the smaller slice of voters you surveyed , right ? More broadly , the overwhelming driver is partisanship , yes ?
Yes , absolutely . The reason these voters are the focus is because it 's kind of pointless to explain why the person who always votes for the Republican candidate votes for the Republican candidate . Because we have the same people interviewed before both 2012 and 2016 , we can look at people who changed . What 's different in this case among the people who moved are the indicators of both global and racial status threat .
What is your response to people who say , “ A lot of these people voted for Obama in 2012 . It ca n't be race . ”
It 's not racism of the traditional variety that we think of . This is status threat . It 's not thinking blacks are poor and uneducated . It 's the idea that they are actually doing better and may threaten the control of dominant whites in society , and have more control of our political process , and so forth . And this is something that having Obama as president actually highlighted . Here we have a very well-educated , very accomplished , and very powerful black man in the White House . That does n't suggest the usual negative stereotypes about minorities . It suggests instead that the status quo hierarchical nature of our national culture is changing in some ways . And it 's the same kind of thing with “ Make America Great Again ” —that we are n't the superpower we once were , and we need to regain that superior , dominant status in the world .
Having all this publicity about the rise of majority-minority America at the same time as the news about the rise of China—all of these things make people feel like , “ Gosh , we need to fight back . ”
“ It 's not racism of the traditional variety that we think of . This is status threat. ” — Diana C. Mutz
Can you explain the role that opinions about trade play in your analysis ?
For most of my lifetime , the pro-trade party was really the Republican Party . What 's interesting is that this flipped before Trump . It flipped as far back as 2008 , when Democrats became a lot more pro–free trade than Republicans among members of the mass public .
What did the voters who switched think about trade ?
They were much more anti-trade than either candidate in 2012 . Trump was the first candidate to move his position to the far more anti-trade stance , and it appealed to members of the public who felt threatened . And when you are threatened you want to do things like put up walls , hunker down , and not have anything to do with the rest of the world . And that 's what you see here .
How do you disaggregate opinions on trade ? Is it an economic issue or about status anxiety ? Because Trump plays on both : He says our economy is hurting because of trade deals , and other countries are taking advantage of us .
It could be either , but this study shows that the degree to which you have been personally affected had absolutely no change between 2012 and 2016 . It 's a very small percentage of people who feel they have been personally affected negatively . It 's not that people are n't being hurt , but it was n't those people who were drawn to support Trump . When you look at trade attitudes , they are n't what you 'd expect : It 's not whether they were in an industry where you were likely to be helped or hurt by trade . It 's also driven by racial attitudes and nationalistic attitudes—to what extent do you want to be an isolationist country ? Trade is not an economic issue in terms of how the public thinks about it . It definitely is when elites think about it .
What does this make you think about the campaign Democrats should run against Trump in 2020 ?
Obviously I am guessing here , but I think the public needs to be reassured . When changes occur like the development of an international economy , and our interdependence with the rest of the world , or the changes in our demographics , people need reassurance .
It is really about who we are as a people and how we think of our country . Are we a melting pot , the nation of immigrants , or are we a white Christian nation ? The idea of the big umbrella is something that some other nations have incorporated into how they define themselves . One of the fascinating things is that nationalistic attitudes in Canada predict being pro-trade and pro-immigration . In the United States , they predict the opposite . And that makes a great deal of sense because if the way you think of what your country represents is not white Christians but a nation of immigrants , then you are going to be much more open to those kinds of involvements .
So it seems like what you are saying is Democrats need to change the entire perception people have of America . Should be easy .
It 's already the way many Americans do . You can overstate this , given that Trump did not win the popular vote and so forth . But when we go through changes like this , people get scared .
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo . Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni ...
1:50 SLO County poet laureate Jeanie Greensfelder reads 'At Sweet Springs Preserve ' Pause
0:54 South County Sanitation District spends millions to update facilities
2:02 How Grizzly Run Club helps students build emotional strength , confidence
1:46 Discovery SLO 's vision : Bowling alley , concerts , food and more — all in one spot
0:50 First Solar 's California Flats power station near Shandon
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it
0:37 Cmdr . Beau Pryor describes the search for suspects in Arroyo Grande shooting
1:42 California Secretary of State Alex Padilla speaks at Cal Poly
1:23 At Georgia Brown Elementary in Paso Robles , students learn in English and Spanish
Charges against two men brought as part of an investigation into the sexual abuse of children in Rotherham have been dismissed .
Mohammed Yasin , 37 , of Lilycroft Road , Bradford , and Qaiser Iqbal , 35 , of Bingley Road , Bradford , were charged with one count of human trafficking .
The crimes were alleged to have taken place in the town between 2003 and 2006 .
A judge at Sheffield Crown Court dismissed the charges against the men .
More on this and other South Yorkshire stories
The pair were charged in May last year as part of the National Crime Agency 's Operation Stovewood inquiry , which was launched following the release of the Jay report in August 2014 , which revealed more than 1,400 children were the victims of abuse in Rotherham between 1997 and 2013 .
Festus Abu Samson Siasia is one of the select few being considered for the vacant Rwandan national team job . Siasia , alongside his compatriot Samson Unuanel , 47 Europeans , three Algerians and one American were last week confirmed by the Rwanda Football Federation to have applied for the position , which became vacant following the sacking of Irishman [ … ]
The post Rwanda shorlist Siasia , seven Europeans , reject Unuanel appeared first on Punch Newspapers .
Privately financed schools built in Dundee are costing the council more than four times their actual value , it has been claimed .
An investigation found that Dundee City Council is paying £397.5 million over 31 years to construction firms in private public partnership ( PPP ) schemes for schools with a capital value of £90.1m .
Under PPP schemes , private companies agree to cover construction costs of buildings such as schools and lease them back to the local authority for a fixed period in order to make the money back .
Councillor Stewart Hunter , education convener , said : “ The PPP project was delivered by the former Labour/Lib Dem Scottish Government and the former Labour administration on the council .
“ While it has delivered fantastic new schools for the city and our partners have been good , it is no secret that I have been critical of the finances and the financial legacy it has left for the city . ”
He added : “ While we have been left with excellent facilities , a more sensible approach more than a decade ago might have meant as convener I would have more money to spend in the classroom . ”
But Kevin Keenan , leader of the city 's Labour group , said there was “ no free lunch ” when investing in PPP schemes .
He said : “ When you take out a mortgage , you realise that you will pay more interest than the amount you would pay for the house .
“ There has been criticism of PPP schemes but the view of council officers at the time was that Dundee got a better deal than a lot of other authorities .
“ At this time , the buildings still lie with the developers , so it 's up to them to make them good if repairs are needed . ”
Eight schools were built under the Dundee Schools PPP scheme — Grove and St Paul 's RC academies and Craigowl , Claypotts , Downfield , Fintry , Rowantree and St Andrew 's RC primaries .
Meanwhile , it has emerged that Grove Academy and Craigowl and St Andrew 's RC primary schools had to undergo repairs following inspections of PPP schools after a wall collapse at a school in Edinburgh .
The council insisted that at no time were the buildings unsafe .
Regarding PPP , a spokeswoman added : “ The unitary charge aspect of the project is reported publicly through the city council 's budget setting process every year , where it is included in spending on the city 's schools , and is also in the council 's statutory accounts . ”
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
David Davis will miss the start of Birmingham City 's season after a cruel training ground injury .
Davis has suffered an ankle problem and will step up his recovery after surgery .
The injury occurred at the Trillion Trophy Trainnig Centre on Monday afternoon .
A statement on the club website said : “ The 27-year-old has been booked in for an operation today .
“ Thereafter , the club will have a clearer picture of his required rehabilitation process and will update in due course .
“ The misfortune is naturally major blow for Davis , who was looking in excellent shape in pre-season , and Manager Garry Monk . ”
Davis looked set to be an important player under Garry Monk this season and to build on the contract extension announced in May .
He has made 167 appearances since joining from Wolves in the summer of 2014 and is one of the few players to have been picked by every Blues manager in the last 18 months .
ISAAC VASSELL
Birmingham City are aiming for Isaac Vassell to be ready by the start of the season .
Blues boss Garry Monk confirmed the former-Luton striker is well on his way to recovery after missing most last term with a cruciate ligament injury .
The 24-year-old has not played since October 2017 when he suffered damage to his knee in the derby match .
And even though Vassell is not training with the main group yet , Monk confirmed the striker is almost ready .
“ He is 95 per cent there , ” he told BirminghamLive .
“ It is just that last little bit where he needs those few extra weeks .
“ What you do n't want to do is force him into a situation too early with those type of injuries - and he breaks down . What he wants is to feel complete freedom .
“ I have had those types of injuries myself and for the sake of a few more weeks , what does it really matter when you have been out for seven months ? Let 's not risk it , let 's make sure .
“ He has ticked nearly enough all the boxes . We want to give him the best opportunity so we have him for the full range , rather than forcing him back .
“ The plan is to have him back before the start of the season , if not maybe a little bit sooner . The key is to make sure he is right , it 's a long season . ”
Vassell joined Blues as one of the less-heralded signings of last summer 's trolley dash .
However , within a few appearances it became obvious even at the relatively early stage in his professional career , he had attributes to worry Championship defences .
He scored the winning goal against Sheffield Wednesday and looked to be establishing himself as first choice when he was hurt by an Alan Hutton tackle .
Blues news
Stephen Gleeson admits he has recovered ‘ that fight ' after leaving Birmingham City .
In an interview with the Irish Sun the 29-year-old revealed how leaving Blues in January reignited his career .
The midfielder spent three-and-a-half years at St Andrew 's , brought to the club by Lee Clark but really thriving under Gary Rowett .
During that period he made the vast majority of his total 125 appearances as Blues stabilised and climbed the Championship table .
However , Gleeson traces his more recent struggles to Rowett 's departure .
He was released in January , given an opportunity by Mick McCarthy at Ipswich and now finds himself reinvigorated at Aberdeen .
“ Gary Rowett left and it just did n't happen for me , ” Gleeson said .
“ Coming into January , I needed a fresh start . Mick was brilliant , it was good going there before coming here [ Aberdeen ] .
“ I would n't have liked to stay at Birmingham for another six months and gone really stale . I got that fight back into me . ”
Gleeson played 45 minutes of the Dons ' pre-season victory over Cobh Ramblers in Ireland and is looking forward to playing against Burnley in the Europa League .
He does so with four international caps to his name - the most recent coming as a Blues player last summer .
“ Everyone wants to play for their country . I 've managed to do that , I 've managed to score for my country , ” he continued .
“ If I 'm playing well and that call comes , I 'll be the first there . But I could retire tomorrow and be very happy with what I 've done . ”
The first two [ caps ] , I was breaking through at Wolves , there were a few pull-outs and it was probably like , ‘ Take this lad along ' .
“ The two last year were just amazing . To score a goal was even better .
“ The game was n't going great for us , it was a fantastic Mexico side , they 're doing well at the World Cup so to score was great .
“ I left the squad the minute we got back and got married the Saturday after the game . It was a whirlwind and will live with me forever . ”
Blues news
We 're a little over a month until Birmingham kick off their new Championship campaign against Norwich City at St Andrew 's .
Garry Monk has bid farewell to Robert Tesche , Andrew Shinnie , Jason Lowe and Jack Storer , while Paul Robinson has retired and joined the coaching staff .
The four loanees of Carl Jenkinson , Sam Gallagher , Cohen Bramall and Jeremie Boga have returned to their parent clubs , too , so the squad fringes have been trimmed extensively .
Through the arrivals door so far is Kristian Pedersen .
The left-back has arrived from Union Berlin ahead of the new season and will almost certainly be first-choice ahead of Jonathan Grounds who BirminghamLive understands has been made available for transfer .
While Monk is busy trying to recruit more of his own targets ahead of the curtain raiser with the Canaries , Pedersen is getting used to his new surroundings at the Trillion Trophy Training Centre .
Upon signing for Blues , he posted on his Instagram page : “ Looking forward to representing Birmingham City FC and play for all you fantastic fans . KRO ! ”
The fair haired defender then posted another shot of himself donning his Blues training top with pride ...
( Image : Kristian Pedersen - Instagram )
Gallagher , meanwhile , is in China with Southampton as they undergo pre-season training .
The striker is interesting Championship rivals Sheffield United , and reports suggest that Blades boss Chris Wilder was considering a bid in January .
At that stage Blues were trying to bolster their squad rather than weaken it with then boss Steve Cotterill refusing to countenance departures while his attempts at strengthening were frustrated .
Gallagher is highly unlikely to return to Blues next season and BirminghamLive understands it is his intention to fight for a place in Saints first team .
However , it is not inconceivable that a player who has spent the last two seasons out on loan could be in line for a third loan deal after a previous spell at Blackburn .
He scored seven times for Blues last season .
A teenager was arrested after leading police on a chase that ended with a collision into a fence in Allied Gardens . Officers later discovered marijuana plants inside the teen 's car . NBC 7 's Gaby Rodriguez reports . ( Published Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 )
Several pot plants were found inside the vehicle of a teenager who led San Diego police on a pursuit in Allied Gardens Monday .
The teenager was one of several people inside the Toyota sedan that crashed into a fence at Waring Road and Birchwood Street at approximately 1:30 a.m .
Officers searched the vehicle and found several potted marijuana plants .
The pursuit began less than two miles away on Del Cerro Boulevard near Meredith Avenue when the teenager failed to obey a stop sign , police said .
Pot Plants Found in Pursuit Suspect 's Car
A teenager was arrested after leading police on a chase in Allied Gardens . As NBC 7 's Gaby Rodriguez reports , police officers found the teenager was transporting a number or marijuana plants . ( Published Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 )
The officer attempted to pull the driver over but the vehicle took off .
Speeds reached up to 85 miles an hour on surface streets , police said .
After the suspect 's vehicle crashed into a fence , the driver was taken into custody .
There are two to three passengers who have not been found , police said .
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz , please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows . The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017 . Winner and runners-up will be displa ...
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady , ' Brooklyn Rouse 's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year 's Day
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
LOS ANGELES : MMA fighter Conor McGregor switched to the boxing ring to make one of the richest professional fights in history possible and now Floyd Mayweather hints he might return the favor.Mayweather , who has n't fought since knocking out McGregor in that boxing match last year , teased fans Friday night by posting a picture on his Twitter page of himself wearing mixed martial arts gloves and standing in an UFC cage. “ Billion Dollar Man , ” Mayweather said in the tweet.Mayweather and McGregor 's cross-combat fight in August failed to live up to the hype in the ring as veteran Mayweather easily outpunched the inexperienced McGregor , but it did well at the box office.The contest generated 4.3 million pay-per-view buys in North America , trailing only Mayweather 's 2015 world title boxing match with Filipino Manny Pacquiao that generated 4.6 million buys and earned $ 600 million.It is the second time this week Mayweather has teased his fans with the idea . Earlier this week he posted video on Twitter and Instagram of himself shadow boxing in a cage.He said “ Come at the king , you best not miss ... ” Mayweather 's August fight with the Irishman was supposed to be his last as it secured his perfect 50-0 record . But the American has retired several times only to negotiate “ comeback ” fights for bigger paydays .
An eastern Idaho fertility doctor accused in a lawsuit of secretly using his own sperm to inseminate a patient nearly four decades ago says he did nothing wrong and does n't remember using his own sperm for the procedure .
Dr. Gerald Mortimer , a retired obstetrician and gynecologist from Idaho Falls , filed his response to the lawsuit in Idaho 's U.S. District Court on Wednesday . In it , he contends his patient agreed to let him select the `` anonymous donor sperm '' as long as he judged it to be appropriate and safe .
Kelli Rowlette and her parents Sally Ashby and Howard Fowler filed the lawsuit against Mortimer in March , contending that the doctor committed medical malpractice , breach of contract and fraud when he carried out the artificial insemination procedures on Ashby over several months in 1980 .
At the time , the couple was told Ashby had a tipped uterus and Fowler had a low sperm count . They say Mortimer told them he could attempt to inseminate Ashby using a mixture of genetic material , with 85 percent of the sperm coming from Fowler and 15 percent coming from an anonymous donor . Ashby and Fowler maintain that they agreed to the process , as long as the donor sperm came from a college student who resembled Fowler : More than 6 feet tall with brown hair and blue eyes .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Rowlette was born the following year , and her parents never told her how she was conceived . It was n't until Rowlette took at DNA test through the genealogy company Ancestry.com and got an unexpected result — the company predicted that Mortimer , who had also apparently submitted a DNA sample to the company at some point , was her father .
The couple says they would n't have agreed to the insemination procedure if they 'd known Mortimer was going to use his own semen .
Mortimer , meanwhile , denies the allegations .
`` Dr. Mortimer admits only that Ms. Ashby decided to use anonymous donor sperm/semen in an artificial insemination process as long as , in Dr. Mortimer 's judgment , the anonymous donor sperm was appropriate and safe , '' Mortimer 's attorneys Raymond Powers and Portia Rauer wrote on his behalf . `` Dr. Mortimer has no recollection of having utilized his sperm/semen in the artificial insemination process with Ms. Ashby , and therefore , denies the allegations . ''
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
QUALITY OF PERFORMANCE QUITE SOMETHING
It 's a huge step forward in terms of our situation , three points was the most important .
The other results have gone our way , it 's not job done but it 's step forward in what we wanted .
Every game has been important but that atmosphere today , that guts and glory type of display , that feeling , that 's what you want .
I said to the players today those are the ones you miss as a player , when you come off as a player , you have got nothing left , you have emptied the tank , you have got the win and everyone 's happy .
Those are the feelings that you fight for every single day when you are training in the week .
A huge win , a huge step forward in what we are trying to but definitely not job done .
We enjoy tonight , all the fans can enjoy tonight , but we have got to get ready for next week because we have got an important game coming .
FANS RESPONSE TO GOING BEHIND
I said it all along , whenever you are at a football club it 's everyone together , everyone fights , everyone shows absolutely everything .
That 's all you can ask for , that 's what the fans demand , that 's what the players are giving - that 's what gets the response , why they are coming - because they believe that the players are doing that .
Any time in the Championship it 's very hard to come from behind . Add in our situation where we are fighting for our lives in a relegation battle - to then show that character and that guts from deep within and come back and beat a very good side who are having an excellent season , they have done very well , they have turned over a lot of teams , to show that in all those circumstances just shows the character in this team .
I have tried to bring that out of them , put that on the pitch and let them enjoy that . I think I have seen that in every game .
The atmosphere , our fans , the support , the response of the players , we were blown away by it . That 's a proper football club .
WINNING GOAL
We were working on one-v-ones in the last couple of weeks because we have had a few situations like that we have n't made the most of . It was pleasing to see that go in .
But every player in that team today , the subs , even the lads who were n't involved , I said it all along , everyone is fighting hard , everyone is very committed , everyone is really conscious of the situation and we are fighting as hard as we can to make sure the club gets out of the situation .
It 's not job complete at all but today is a step forward with other results as well , it makes it even bigger next week but it gives us that extra confidence to go there and try and get another three points .
DISAPPOINTED WITH THEIR GOAL
We actually started the first few minutes well , then the goal came on a breakaway from our set-piece - and yes we are disappointed with the goal .
I am not sure whether it 's taken a deflection or whatever , even so we are disappointed to have conceded that goal .
But one thing we addressed straight away , words are very cheap , you can talk about belief and desire , you can talk all day - but it has to be actioned .
And i have to give credit to the players and everyone at the club , they have put it into action . I do n't think you can question any of the games - is that belief there ? Can they show that guts playing at home , playing away ? They have shown it .
I said to them on the very first day , that is what you need to have as a team anyway . That 's the type of team we want to be and that 's what helps you get results .
We know it 's in our hands , if we keep performing as we have been , we have the belief we can do it .
MUST WIN GAMES BRING THEIR OWN PRESSURE
I have said many times , you either fear it or meet it head on . We are trying to meet it head on . That 's the mentality we are trying to put on to the players . Today you saw that . There was no fear there today .
Even a goal against we could have felt sorry for ourselves . There are a lot of times when we maybe could have crumbled but the mentality is getting stronger . The players are taking that on .
We have shown great resilience there today , getting themselves back in against a very good side .
GARDNER SUB WORKED WELL
It 's very hard on the side , you have prepared the team all week , everyone is clear and understands , then once you get to the game it 's over to the players .
The only thing you can do is tactically have a look at it and what you can do to affect the game .
In every single game there are certain things . You always want a substitution to be positive and one that can help the team .
We thought Gards could come on and offer something different and the other guys that came on Sam and Cheikh - we did that in every single game . That 's really your job .
You feel quite helpless at times during the game but everyone is together . Anyone who goes on to the pitch has to have clarity and guts to play for that shirt and they are definitely showing that .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
BEST RESULT SO FAR ?
It was very good , very special in terms of the atmosphere and the players ' performance .
To go a goal behind in the Championship , or any league , is hard enough . But in our situation as well it 's great to see that mentality and belief .
It was a real gutsy performance of togetherness and fight , and quality at times . And the atmosphere was the best I 've seen .
Of course we 're not happy conceding that goal , but the response is exactly what you 're looking for .
The players are fighting and showing belief and putting that into action , and that 's the most important thing .
That 's why the fans are coming home and away , because they believe in these players .
GETTING FLAVOUR OF WHAT THIS CLUB COULD BECOME ?
I said that when I first came in , I have played here as an opposition player many times and have played against some good sides here , seen the atmosphere and what type of club it is .
Of course we all know the history of the club and the size of the support . You get days like today and Bolton away .
Every game here has been good , it 's been building . Today has been the best yet at St Andrew 's .
You ask for that as a manager but you have to give something back with the performance and the attitude of the team . They saw how hard they are fighting for that shirt .
GREAT RESPONSE AFTER GOING BEHIND
This is a very difficult situation , it 's not easy , you can very easily get into a groove and a mentality when you are losing games when something goes against you like the first goal , you can feel it 's not for you and crumble and give the game up .
But we showed against Burton - when we totally dominated the game and should have won it quite comfortably and did n't - we could have felt it was n't our day but we came back from that and again today .
In other games , at Cardiff after a poor first half , we came back fighting . It 's been building .
CTV Vancouver
Vancouver police believe weather played a role in the city 's first traffic fatality of the year .
A 55-year-old man was hit by a truck Thursday night as he used a marked crosswalk on Inverness Street near King Edward Avenue at around 6 p.m . He was rushed to hospital but did not survive .
His broken umbrella could be seen on the ground near several police evidence markers .
Police say low light and rain likely contributed to the crash . The driver remained at the scene and is cooperating with police .
London 's best satellite fairs — ‘ different conversations and collegiate feel '
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
Masterpiece , the upcoming film of Mammootty is high on expectations and this complete entertainer will mark its big arrival during the upcoming Christmas season .
Initially , the makers of Masterpiece came up with some captivating posters of the film , followed by a perfect teaser . In the past week , the makers of the film came up with the first official trailer of the film , which had made it to the headlines
Meanwhile , certain updates regarding Mohanlal 's upcoming big project Lucifer and Dileep starrer Professor Dinkan , also hogged the headlines .
Keep scrolling down to read about all these and other important news in the latest edition of Mollywood news of the week ..
Occasional announcements sent by Streaming Media , or on behalf of our advertising partners , on what we feel are important offers , developments , publications , and events in the streaming/online video industry .
Read all about it - You ca n't afford to be without this twice-weekly newsletter - sign up today to get your breaking streaming and digital media news !
20 Years of Streaming Media : Looking Back and Looking Ahead
Streaming Media launched during the dot-com bubble , and while some of the early players faded away when their funding ran out , others helped chart the future of the industry .
Page 1
As I write this , the top story on the Streaming Media website is about a report from Futuresource Consulting that says that there are now 125 million subscription video­ on ­demand ( SVOD ) subscriptions in the United States . That only accounts for 10 percent of total consumer spending on pay TV—which means cable and satellite operators are still the dominant forces in the market—but that number should give you pause , especially if you 've been in the streaming media industry as long as Streaming Media has .
2018 marks the 20th anniversary of the Streaming Media brand , which launched smack in the middle of the dot­com bubble , just a few years after the very first webcast . The early Streaming Media shows reflected that , with high­ profile speakers like Bill Gates and Mark Cuban and massive parties taking over venues like the Queen Mary in Long Beach , Calif. , and the Ministry of Sound in London . I wish I could have been there , but my previous life as a music journalist had me writing for another dot­com company , Sonicnet , which put into practice the audio streaming that was being innovated by the attendees and exhibitors at Streaming Media conferences . Tim Siglin , who was there , wrote about the first 10 years in “ A Decade of Streaming Media . ''
We all know what happened to most dot­com companies . Some , like Cuban 's Broadcast.com , managed to sell for ridiculously inflated prices before the bubble burst , but most either blew through their funding and faded away before ever leaving a real mark or were acquired by larger companies , a few of which are still around . Sonicnet is long gone ( it was acquired by Viacom and subsumed into MTV.com in 2001 ) , but Streaming Media is still here . When I joined the company in 2004 , the Streaming Media East show at the New York Hilton Midtown was a toned­-down affair , but the companies that were on the trade show floor had one thing in common : They were in it for the long haul , not to make a quick buck . ( OK , there were still a few of those , as ever there will be in a tech-­focused industry . )
And if you 're reading this , you 've either stuck it out through thick and thin , or , like me , missed out on the early days of the industry altogether . Either way , you know that this is still an industry where both technology and content companies come and go . Some , we hate to say , turned out to be smoke and mirrors from the beginning ( anybody remembers Vectormax ? ) . Some are ahead of their time . I think back to our June/July 2008 cover story on Lexicon Digital . The company that boasted a streaming industry pioneer—Nils Lahr , who co­founded iBEAM and VXtreme and was on the original Windows Media team—and a Hollywood celebrity—David Caruso , then star of CSI : Miami—and was pushing transmedia and second-­screen interactivity before those terms were even part of the ( insert Horatio Caine­putting-on­sunglasses shot here ) lexicon . That company vanished along with Caruso 's acting career , but its ideas are being implemented today .
Some of the companies that made a big splash at Streaming Media events are still going strong . Companies like Brightcove , Limelight Networks , and AWS Elemental ( then , just called Elemental Technologies ) were fixtures at our East and West shows almost as soon as they launched , and they still speak at the events today , in part because they 've shown a commitment not just to pushing their own products and services , but to educating others and moving the industry as a whole forward .
It 'll be companies like that that survive the tumultuous year ahead , one in which we predict we 'll see tremendous change and , sorry to say , more than a few companies exiting the market . The rest of the year will certainly see an expansion of the streaming media market—expect that 125 million number to be more like 150 million at year 's end—but a contraction in the number of vendors who are providing the products , services , and technologies that make all those SVOD and over­the­top services possible . And after 20 years , our mission remains the same : to help you keep this industry growing .
[ This article appears in the 2018 Streaming Media Industry Sourcebook as `` 20 Years of Streaming Media . '' ]
Page 1
NASSAU , Bahamas – On Friday , June 29th , 2018 , the Bahamas Professional Golf Tour ( BPGT ) hosted its 2nd Classic at the Royal Blue Golf Course at Baha Mar .
With 38 Players on the greens ; competition was fierce and Coach Collins made certain that tournament play was at a steady pace .
Many local Pros made a 2nd appearance in the BPGT Signature Series of Golf Classics and familiar favourites such as Jim Duncombe , Lynford Miller , Greg Maycock and many others supported Riccardo Davis ; BPGT Founder & Director in his endeavour to provide both professional and amateur golf enthusiasts with the avenue in which to improve upon their craft through consistent exposure to opportunities to enjoy quality and professional tournament play .
Special congratulations to all of the category winners and to the BPGT Pro Division Winners . David Harris of Houston , Texas was the 2nd time BPGT Pro Division 1st Place Finisher at EVEN PAR of 72 , Greg Maycock of Grand Bahama at 2nd Place with a score of 73 and Riccardo Davis BPGT Founder & Director , for a 3rd Place Victory shooting a 74 .
Special congratulations to Oren Butler the BPGT 2nd Classic Amateur Division 1st Place Winner who also finished with an impressive score of 74 .
The BPGT would like to thank all of the players that have contributed to the soaring success of the 2nd BPGT Classic along with RMS Insurance Co. & Brian Moodie as Title Sponsors and the many others sponsors that have joined this journey including but in no means limited to SunTee and the Under Armour Brand , Breezes Resorts , R & E Imports .
Special thank you to Baha Mar Casino and Thomas Tuchschmidt for his sponsorship and support of the tour along with many more !
BPGT looks forward to seeing you in July on the Greens when they Tee-Off in Round 3 of the BPGT Signature Series at Ocean Club Golf Course is scheduled to take place in July on the Greens . Click here to register for the BPGT or email bahamasprofessionalgolftour @ gmail.com
NEW YORK , NY -- ( Marketwired - Oct 6 , 2017 ) - NetworkNewsWire ( `` NNW '' ) , a multifaceted financial news and publishing company , today announces the publication of an editorial featuring Global Payout , Inc. ( OTC PINK : GOHE ) , a client of NNW that provides comprehensive payment solutions that can be fully customized for virtually any domestic and international organization distributing money worldwide .
The publication , titled , `` Innovative Payment Solutions Blossom in the Expanding Cannabis Industry , '' discusses companies utilizing ground-breaking technology to provide payment solutions .
To view the full publication , visit : https : //www.networknewswire.com/innovative-payment-solutions-blossom-expanding-cannabis-industry/
`` While Global Payout ( GOHE ) ( founded as a prepaid card company in 2009 ) displays its financial technology prowess via its Global Reserve Platform , introduced in 2016 ( http : //nnw.fm/tKnY1 ) , its MoneyTrac Technology subsidiary offers a full range of financial services to companies in high-risk markets . Mobile apps , an e-Wallet , and bill payment are part of its Payment Solution Platform , branded as Virtu Network Solutions . Relationships with affiliated partners support compliance and cash flow logistics .
`` MoneyTrac even enables clients to brand their payment platform , thanks to a white-label payment software solution . However , it is not limited to secure financial services . The subsidiary also offers business consulting , branding , marketing , and website design , mobile site development , and e-Commerce services . Its recent incorporation of bitcoin technology also affords a secure payment option for retail and wholesale customers . It avoids the challenges of all-cash transactions related to accounting , safety , and storage and fulfills a need by cannabis companies to efficiently manage their finances and overall businesses . ''
About Global Payout , Inc .
Since the company 's inception in 2009 , Global Payout , Inc. has been a leading provider of comprehensive and customized prepaid payment solutions for domestic and international organizations distributing money worldwide . In 2014 , Global Payout introduced its first online payment platform , called the Consolidated Payment Gateway ( CPG ) , which allowed its enterprise clients to transfer money to international bank accounts , mobile accounts , and prepaid card accounts . The development of the CPG became the foundation for the introduction of its new , state-of-the-art FINTECH payment system in 2017 , designed for both online and mobile applications to allow account holders to maximize an expanded suite of financial services and minimize operational costs . Global Payout will continue to offer its FINTECH payment system to many vertical markets for support of foreign currency exchange and digital currency , including ongoing support of the banking industry and international governments .
For more information , visit www.GlobalPayout.com .
About NetworkNewsWire
NetworkNewsWire ( NNW ) is an information service that provides ( 1 ) access to our news aggregation and syndication servers , ( 2 ) NetworkNewsBreaks that summarize corporate news and information , ( 3 ) enhanced press release services , ( 4 ) social media distribution and optimization services , and ( 5 ) a full array of corporate communication solutions . As a multifaceted financial news and content distribution company with an extensive team of contributing journalists and writers , NNW is uniquely positioned to best serve private and public companies that desire to reach a wide audience of investors , consumers , journalists and the general public . NNW has an ever-growing distribution network of more than 5,000 key syndication outlets across the country . By cutting through the overload of information in today 's market , NNW brings its clients unparalleled visibility , recognition and brand awareness . NNW is where news , content and information converge .
For more information please visit https : //www.NetworkNewsWire.com
Please see full terms of use and disclaimers on the NetworkNewsWire website applicable to all content provided by NNW , wherever published or re-published : http : //NNW.fm/Disclaimer
Forward-Looking Statements
This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended . All forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain as they are based on current expectations and assumptions concerning future events or future performance of the company . Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements , which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof . In evaluating such statements , prospective investors should review carefully various risks and uncertainties identified in this release and matters set in the company 's SEC filings . These risks and uncertainties could cause the company 's actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements .
MIAMI ( WSVN ) - A woman was suddenly struck by a hit-and-run driver at a parking lot in Miami , Monday .
Police said a driver crashed into the woman and sped away from the parking lot , located along West Flagler Street and 47th Avenue .
The woman suffered a black eye and was taken to Coral Gables Hospital .
If you have any information on this crime , call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS . Remember , you can always remain anonymous , and you may be eligible for a $ 1,000 reward .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Kilauea Eruption Update
This is a Civil Defense Message for 6 a.m. , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 .
Hawaiian Volcano Observatory reports that Fissure 8 continues to be very active and is feeding a lava channel to the ocean at Kapoho . The flow is producing a broad ocean entry along the shoreline . Fissure 22 is also active and producing a short flow . Gas emissions from the fissure eruption and laze at the ocean entry continue to be very high . The National Weather Service reports trade winds will push vog to the south and west side of the island .
Highway 130 is open to all traffic .
Drivers are reminded to slow down and drive with caution over steel plates in the roadway
Kamaili Road is open to residents including Opihikao only
Highway 137 is open from Highway 130 north to Opihikao road
McKenzie State Recreation Area and the new lava flow areas remain closed
Residents and visitors are reminded , there are no lava viewing areas on Highways 130 and 137
Vacation Rentals , as well as all businesses in the Kalapana area , can resume normal operations
The Disaster Recovery Center in Keaau is open from 8 a.m.-8 p.m .
The Pahoa Post Office is open during normal business hours with temporary Sunday hours from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. for mail and package distribution only for residents in the affected areas . No retail services on Sunday .
For your safety , heed warnings from Civil Defense officials and stay alert .
Ocean entry laze
Due to the lava entry at the ocean , the following policies are in effect :
Access to the area is prohibited due to the laze hazard .
Stay away from any ocean plume since it can change direction without warning .
The U.S. Coast Guard is actively monitoring the ocean entry area and enforcing a 300-meter standoff zone . Only permitted tour boats are allowed in the area .
Health hazards of laze include lung , eye and skin irritation .
Be aware that the laze plume travels with the wind and can change direction without warning .
Get the latest Vog Predictions here : mkwc.ifa.hawaii.edu/vmap/
Sulfur Dioxide ( SO 2 ) and Vog
Volcanic gas emissions remain elevated throughout the area downwind of the vents in lower Puna .
Severe conditions may exist such as choking and inability to breathe .
Sulfur Dioxide ( SO 2 ) gas from fissures are especially dangerous for elderly , children/babies and people with respiratory problems .
County , State , and Federal partners continue to monitor the situation . You will be informed of any conditions that affect your safety .
Monitor vog levels and forecasts : People on Hawaii Island outside the area of volcanic activity are also advised to monitor levels of vog at vog.ivhhn.org
The residents of Puna are going through a very difficult time . We ask for your help and understanding .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
GAINESVILLE , Fla. ( AP ) — Receiver James Robinson 's playing days are over at Florida because of a heart condition .
The Gators announced Friday that the freshman , one of the state 's top recruits last February , will not be medically cleared to return . Florida did not provide details about Robinson 's diagnosis .
Florida spokesman Steve McClain says “ after a thorough evaluation by doctors across the country and our medical staff , it has been determined that James Robinson will not be medically cleared to play football at the University of Florida . ”
The Gators initially ruled Robinson out indefinitely in early September , saying an echocardiogram revealed a potential issue . Robinson traveled to see heart specialists , and Florida said any results would n't be available until November .
McClain adds that “ the University Athletic Association has offered their support to James and his family during this very difficult time . ”
The 6-foot-4 Robinson was suspended for the season opener against Michigan following an Aug. 21 marijuana possession citation . He also was cited for marijuana possession during his official visit to Ohio State last January .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
ESPN 's Jemele Hill called the Quincy Harris Morning Show with K. Foxx to talk about our Philadelphia Eagles .
Jemele does not think they are going to win and Quincy makes a bet with her . She also explains that she was not fired from ESPN , that her new job , The Undefeated , is owned by ESPN and why she made that decision .
Listen below :
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Wavebreakmedia/Thinkstock ( NEW YORK ) — The American College of Physicians has updated their current guidelines on treating low back pain — and there are some surprises .
Published in Annals of Internal Medicine , the ACP 's primary recommendation is to avoid using any drug-based treatment as a first option , and instead opt for non-drug approaches : exercise , rehab , acupuncture , mindfulness meditation , tai chi , yoga , biofeedback , spinal manipulation and cognitive behavioral therapy .
The authors of these guidelines looked to a systematic review , conducted by the ACP , that looked at those treatments and over-the-counter and prescription painkillers . The authors examined how well all helped with short-term and long-term pain relief , function , and improvement in mood , as well as whether these patients would eventually need surgery .
They found acetaminophen and steroids were each ineffective for low back pain , NSAIDs had smaller benefit than a placebo for chronic low back pain , duloxetine was more effective than placebo and TCAs were only as effective as placebo .
The authors also said that patients who do n't have an effective response to non-pharmacological therapy can then be told to use NSAIDs as first line therapy , with tramadol or duloxetine as second-line therapy .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
FORT WAYNE , Ind . ( AP ) — Workers at an Indiana zoo needed a couple of hours to corral a young giraffe that escaped from her enclosure .
The 7-month-old female got loose Monday from the African Journey exhibit at the Fort Wayne Children 's Zoo . Zoo spokeswoman Bonnie Kemp says the giraffe , Thabisa , never left the property .
It was n't immediately clear how the youngest in the zoo 's herd of nine giraffes escaped .
Staffers were able to trap the giraffe in a fenced parking lot in a non-public area of the zoo . Zookeepers calmed her down before returning her to the enclosure .
The zoo just opened to the public for the season on Saturday .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Rallies are expected in Spain against Catalonian independence , after Sunday 's disputed referendum .
Demonstrations are planned in the capital Madrid and other cities , with supporters calling for a similar rally in Catalonia 's capital Barcelona .
Meanwhile , Spain 's government representative in Catalonia earlier apologised to those hurt during police efforts to stop the referendum .
But Enric Millo blamed the Catalan government for holding an illegal vote .
In the first apology by a Spanish government official over the violence during the referendum , Mr Millo said he could not help but “ regret it and apologise on behalf of the officers that intervened ” .
Hundreds of people were injured as police , trying to enforce a Spanish court ban on the vote , attempted to seize ballot boxes and disperse voters .
Thirty-three police officers were also hurt .
Meanwhile , Catalan foreign affairs chief Raül Romeva told the BBC his government would go ahead with an independence debate in parliament .
“ Parliament will discuss , parliament will meet .
“ Every attempt the Spanish government has used to impede things to happen , they have been demonstrated completely not only useless but counter-productive , ” Mr Romeva said .
What are the latest political developments ?
Catalan President Carles Puigdemont now plans to address the Catalan parliament on Tuesday at 18:00 local time ( 16:00 GMT ) , the speaker of the parliament in the autonomous north-eastern region says .
Spain 's Constitutional Court had earlier suspended the Catalan parliament session that had been planned for Monday .
There is speculation that the parliament will declare independence unilaterally at its next sitting , based on the referendum .
The final results from the poll show 90 % of the 2.3m people who voted backed independence . Turnout was 43 % .
There have been several claims of irregularities , and many ballot boxes were seized by the Spanish police .
After a cabinet meeting , the Spanish government spokesman also expressed regret that people had “ suffered consequences ” during Sunday 's vote – though he cast doubt on the numbers who had been injured .
Íñigo Méndez de Vigo suggested that new elections in Catalonia might be a way to heal the fracture caused by the disputed referendum .
Meanwhile , the former leader of Catalonia , Artur Mas , told the Financial Times that the region was not yet ready for real independence – even though he believed it had won the right to break away .
Source : BBC
Pittsburgh Penguins goalie Antti Niemi skates to the bench during the first period of an NHL hockey game against the Chicago Blackhawks , Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 , in Chicago . ( AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh )
Saying Antti Niemi 's debut with the Pittsburgh Penguins went poorly would be doing it a disservice .
Niemi was pulled less than 10 minutes into his first start with the Penguins after allowing four goals on 13 shots . The defending Stanley Cup champion Penguins ultimately lost to the Chicago Blackhawks by a 10-1 margin .
It was the most goals allowed by Pittsburgh since a 10-8 loss to San Jose on Jan. 13 , 1996 .
The Stars bought out the remainder of Niemi 's contract in June after acquiring Ben Bishop in an offseason trade . He signed with the Penguins less than a week later . The Stars own him $ 3 million , or two-thirds of the $ 4.5 million he was due to make this season . It will be split as a $ 1.5 million cap hit for both the 2017-18 and 2018-19 seasons .
Niemi ended up being one of general manager Jim Nill 's worst moves . He was signed to a three-year contract that averaged $ 4.5 million in hopes of creating a goaltending duo with Kari Lehtonen . Although the pair were good in the first season , they fell apart last year . Niemi went 12-12-4 with a 3.30 goals against average and .892 save percentage . Of the 44 goalies who qualified for NHL rankings , Niemi was 44th in GAA and 43rd in save percentage .
Here 's a sampling of the social media reaction to Niemi 's debut :
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Robbie Savage , a perennial pantomime villain on and off the pitch , who went from hero to zero at Birmingham City .
After coming through the ranks at Manchester United , Savage enjoyed a 15-year playing career including spells at Crewe Alexandra , Leicester City , Blackburn Rovers , Derby County and Brighton & Hove Albion .
His all action style saw him become a fans ' favourite under Steve Bruce at St Andrew 's only for his acrimonious exit to damage his popularity with Bluenoses .
Savage angered fans after he forced a move out of Blues to join Blackburn and he later admitted that he was ‘ a disgrace ' during that particular period .
Here we look at what Savage 's managers have said about the Welsh midfielder .
Brian Johnson
Brian Johnson , from the Wrexham and District Youth Football League . Savage played in the league at under-12s for Llay United .
“ Robbie was a spindly centre-forward when he was young . He was always looking for the ball , always wanting to score the goals .
“ He scored a lot of goals and was noticed by Manchester United when he was 14 – in those days you could still play with the youth sides .
`` He was a very nice young lad – he was confident and has always been a bubbly character , ” says Johnson .
“ We all know Robbie Savage – you either love him or hate him . But he was a much quieter sort of player when he was younger .
“ There were lots of lads bigger than him , but he knew how to go past them with his speed and his skill .
“ By the time he was about 15 or 16 he was stronger in the way he played , but he still was n't the Robbie Savage we know today . ”
Martin O'Neill
O'Neill was the Leicester City boss who signed Savage from Crewe Alexandra in 1997 and handed Savage his first opportunity in the big time
`` He was terrific for Leicester , really terrific . We paid £400,000 for him and he was a gift .
`` He can be a handful on the pitch , but actually he 's just a bit daft and he 's absolutely fine . At the time when we had Lennon and Izzet in midfield , Savage might have felt in his early days that he was almost like playing second-fiddle to them .
“ But credit to Savage , he fought through all of that . ”
Savage left the Foxes in 2002 , having won the league cup in 2000 but being unable to prevent Leicester 's relegation during the 2001 / 2002 campaign .
Steve Bruce
Bruce was in charge of Birmingham when they signed Savage for just over £1 million from Leicester after Blues went up and the Foxes went down in 2002
The relationship between Bruce and Savage was soured by the Welshman 's departure in 2005 . Savage had just signed a new four-year deal with the club , before demanding a move to Blackburn weeks later .
“ It 's been a saga , and when you 've at the forefront of it like I have , it does wear you down and have a knock-on affect on everyone else .
“ I 've said all I 've wanted to say about it . As far as I 'm concerned he 's gone , and that 's the end of the matter .
“ Any football club is bigger than an individual , no matter who that may be . And we 've lost good players in the past and responded .
“ This is about Birmingham City , not one player . That 's what we have to focus on now . ”
John Toshack
Savage announced his international retirement after a row with Wales boss John Toshack in 2005
`` There has been a lot of speculation and I ca n't do anything about that , and I did get through to him to tell him he would n't be involved this time .
`` He said 'OK ' and that he was retiring . I was saying 'best of luck in the future ' and I got the sensation that the line went dead and that was it . ''
Mark Hughes
Hughes was a childhood hero of Savage and among the main reasons the midfielder joined Blackburn in 2005 for a £3 million fee
`` He has a lot to live up to , but he is more than capable of doing so .
`` He will bring something to us we have n't got in that he is a big personality , on and off the field , and that 's important for us .
`` He has great enthusiasm for the game , and he drags people along with him with that and his desire to play in games . That will be vital for us in the second half of the season .
`` He 's also got great energy and we will need that , so I 'm absolutely delighted Robbie has joined us .
`` We 've waited a long time for him , but he has been worth the wait . He is going to be a great player for us . ''
Paul Jewell
Savage joined Premier League strugglers Derby County in 2008 . Jewell was his boss and made him captain
`` I know there is a little bit of history between Robbie and the Derby fans ; but that is the same for him and every club , that is part of his nature .
`` I hated Robbie when he played against me . He is one of those characters you despise when he is playing for the opposition , but you love when he is on your team .
`` You do n't play at the top level for as long as he has by only going around kicking people . ''
Martin Allen
At 33 , Savage signed for Brighton and Hove Albion on loan in 2008 . He played just six times for the Seagulls under Allen before hanging up his boots at the end of the season
( Image : PA )
`` People read about the white suits and fast cars , but he 's a good bloke , a good family man .
`` Robbie certainly is not magnolia , he 's a bright spark , and I like characters in football . ''
ONSLOW COUNTY , NC ( WWAY ) — The Ocean City Jazz Festival returns for its 9th year .
The festival performances will take place July 7 and 8 , 2018 in the historic Ocean City Community at 2649 Island Drive in North Topsail Beach .
- Advertisement -
Organizer Kenneth Chestnut stopped by WWAY to speak about the event .
For more information , click here .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) — Alcides Escobar was one of the least likely Kansas City Royals to belt a home run in extra innings .
The light-hitting shortstop had not gone deep in 140 at-bats , and his only long ball this season came on April 17 .
Escobar , however , sent a drive to left field with two outs in the 14th inning Tuesday night to give the Royals a 2-1 victory over the Minnesota Twins .
He connected on a 3-1 pitch from Taylor Rogers ( 1-2 ) , ending a game that took 4 hours , 12 minutes . Rain also delayed the start by 24 minutes .
“ I knew right away , ” Escobar said . “ When I hit the ball , I said , ‘ Game over . ' Of all my home runs , this is the best one because this is my first walk-off homer . ”
Scott Barlow ( 1-0 ) worked four hitless innings , striking out five straight batters during one stretch , to earn his first major league win .
“ My phone has been blowing up saying congrats , ” Barlow said . “ It 's certainly one I 'll remember forever . ”
The Twins have eight walk-off losses , four in extra innings .
“ We 're getting practice , ” manager Paul Molitor said . “ It 's hard to explain . I do n't know if I 've ever seen so many in a relatively short span . We kind of put ourselves in that situation by not scoring once again . Having all those opportunities and I do n't know how many innings we went hitless there . ”
Matt McGill , the fourth Minnesota pitcher , tossed 3 1/3 hitless innings before Rogers was brought in with one out in the 14th .
“ You hate to have it come down to one pitch on a homer like that , ” Molitor said . “ It 's the way you lost , but there were certainly a lot of things up to that point we could have done better to give ourselves a better chance . ”
The Royals tied it in the eighth when Addison Reed walked Jorge Soler with the bases loaded to score Jon Jay , who led off the inning with a single .
The Twins loaded the bases in the 10th against rookie Jason Adam , but came away empty . Adam hit Miguel Sano with a pitch and walked Max Kepler and Robbie Grossman . Byron Buxton flied out after Adam had thrown nine straight balls .
Twins right-hander Kyle Gibson , who has n't won since March 31 , pitched seven scoreless innings . The 2009 first-round draft pick out of Missouri gave up five hits , walked one and struck out eight .
Gibson worked out of jams in the third , fifth and sixth as the Royals went 0 for 9 with runners in position and stranded 10 overall .
In the third , Jay had a bunt single , extending his hitting streak to 11 games , and stopped at second on Whit Merrifield 's single , but Gibson struck out Mike Moustakas to end the inning .
Alex Gordon singled and moved to second on Escobar 's groundout in the fifth . Jay walked with two outs before Gibson struck out Merrifield .
Moustakas led off the sixth with a double and went to third on a passed ball with one out , but Gibson struck out Soler and retired Hunter Dozier .
Royals left-hander Danny Duffy yielded one run and four hits with four walks over six innings .
Sano , who has a hit in 16 consecutive games against the Royals , had a broken-bat single to left field with the bases loaded in the third to score Ehire Adrianza . Sano has 27 RBIs in those 16 games .
Brian Dozier attempted to score from second , but Gordon threw him out at home for his 84th career outfield assist .
ROSTER MOVE
The Twins sent RHP Myles Jaye to the Indians for cash . Jaye was 3-3 with a 4.25 ERA in eight starts at Triple-A Rochester . He went 1-2 with a 12.08 ERA in five games last year for Detroit . The last time the two teams made a trade was August 2011 and it involved Jim Thome .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Twins : RHP Ervin Santana ( finger surgery in February ) pitched 3 1/3 innings , allowing one run and two hits , in his second minor league rehab start with Class A Fort Myers at Clearwater . He threw 59 pitches , 33 for strikes . He walked one , struck out three , hit a batter and had a wild pitch . … RHP Michael Pineda ( elbow surgery ) threw a bullpen at Target Field . … 1B Joe Mauer ( neck strain ) stood in to track some pitches with Pineda on the mound . “ We 've been pleased on almost a daily basis that his activity has increased , including more intensified baseball work , ” Molitor said of Mauer . “ Today the reports were good . He hit , he took grounders , he ran . ”
Royals : RHP Nathan Karns ( right elbow inflammation ) is on a throwing program at the club 's complex in Arizona .
UP NEXT
Twins : Rookie RHP Fernando Romero is coming off his first career loss , 2-1 at Seattle . He allowed two runs on five hits and two walks over seven innings .
Royals : Rule 5 draft pick Brad Keller will make his first career start after going 1-1 with a 2.01 ERA in 21 relief appearances .
( © Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
By Yinka Kolawole
The Government Enterprise and Empowerment Programme ( GEEP ) MarketMoni scheme , one of the social intervention programmes ( SIP ) of the federal government has helped micro businesses to tackle the challenges of providing collateral in accessing credit facilities from banks .
Special Assistant to the Vice President on MSME , Tola Johnson , stated this at the launching of Kano State edition of the Micro , Small and Medium-scale Enterprises ( MSME ) Clinic .
He said : “ The best thing that has happened to micro businesses in Nigeria is the GEEP MarketMoni programme . It dealt with their collateral challenge because all they need is their data , a bank account and bank verification number ( BVN ) . ”
According to Johnson , there are 37 million small businesses in Nigeria . “ This informed the federal government 's attention to this space . Microenterprises are responsible for almost 50 percent of the country 's gross domestic product and 80 percent of the workforce , ” he stated .
Also speaking at the occasion , Toyin Adeniji , Executive Director , Bank of Industry ( BoI ) , said about 350,000 small and medium enterprises ( SMEs ) have benefitted from the interest-free loan programme .
Adeniji stated : “ GEEP MarketMoni has given people who otherwise have no access to finance , money to finance their businesses . These micro-enterprises are expanding their businesses , making more profit and employing more people . ”
“ Most of our beneficiaries are women , some of whom are widows and single mothers . We are improving the quality of their lives , their children 's lives , their health and even education . We are seeing very quantifiable impacts . No government has ever done this . ”
The Government Enterprise and Empowerment Programme ( GEEP ) MarketMoni scheme provides interest-free loans between N10,000 and N100,000 to microenterprises . To benefit from the scheme , applicants have to apply through their registered market associations and cooperatives , have a bank verification number ( BVN ) , and a mobile phone .
COMMENT : Behind Africa rising story
A narrative trapped between elite pseudo optimism and hard realities of citizens
By Elijah Kisembo
Africa is not one country . It is a collection of many countries . A good defence put forward when one writes a story about the continent that is deemed damaging and retrogressive by the political elites that have the power of counter media . They demand the continent not to be generalised . They remind everyone of the world full of catastrophes and bad stories . The problems of the world are not exclusive to Africa . That is true . The question is ; who should tell the African story ?
The story of the continent has two dominant narratives , that is , the narrative of the political elites , and that of the ordinary citizens . Unfortunately , the story of the ordinary citizens is a silent story , mainly highlighted if it is in the interests of the political elites . The elites with privilege of power tell an African story full of pseudo optimism that is always eroded with the realities of the day .
In the recent past , the story of the continent has been marked by enthusiastic pronouncements of “ Africa is raising ” . A story partly aimed at rehabilitating the political , socio and economic image of the continent . For example , on December 3 , 2011 , at the peak of the Africa is raising narrative that started in early 2000 , the Economist published a story that summarised the hopeful continent : “ Africa 's enthusiasm for technology is boosting growth . It has more than 600m mobile-phone users—more than America or Europe . Since roads are generally dreadful , advances in communications , with mobile banking and telephonic agro-info , have been a huge boon . Around a tenth of Africa 's land mass is covered by mobile-internet services—a higher proportion than in India . The health of many millions of Africans has also improved , thanks in part to the wider distribution of mosquito nets and the gradual easing of the ravages of HIV/AIDS . Skills are improving : productivity is growing by nearly 3 % a year , compared with 2.3 % in America . All this is happening partly because Africa is at last getting a taste of peace and decent government ” .
This is a great narrative told about Africa . It can even be treasonous for one to think otherwise . It is a narrative of a hopeful continent . Defensible statistical figures back up the story of a rising continent . Intellectual machinery is lined-up to tell and defend the story of a rising continent .
However , a true and complete story is that story that ordinary citizens can relate to beyond the statistical figures . For example , according to the world employment Outlook 2016 by the International Labour Organisation , 2016 , in Northern Africa , the incidence of unemployment among youth in the region was expected to remain elevated at 29.3 per cent in 2016 , representing the second highest rate across all regions . In Sub-Saharan Africa , the youth unemployment rate was expected to continue on its downward trajectory , which began in 2012 , reaching 10.9 per cent in 2016 . A youthful population is on a move : economic migrants . The continent is inhabitable for them . In some countries , the quality of life is worse than it was at independence . A sense of powerlessness is evident in conversations with ordinary citizens . There are not conversations of a rising continent . Famine still affects a number of countries . The challenges faced by the populations in South Sudan , Libya , Somalia , Eretria , Zimbabwe , Democratic Republic of Congo , Central African Republic , Mali , Chad , and Burundi among others make the story of a rising continent far from reach .
Optimism is good , but it should be anchored in truthfulness , realism and progressive engagement aimed at changing the bad stories on the continent about the continent . This story would be of good governance , democracy and citizen-centered leadership .
* * * *
Elijah Kisembo is a social commentator
The post COMMENT : Behind Africa rising story appeared first on The Independent Uganda : .
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda : . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Diego Costa has accused Chelsea FC of treating him like a “ criminal ” , in a forthright newspaper interview which will deepen the breach with the Premier League club .
The striker is seeking a move back to Spain in the transfer window .
He has not played for Chelsea since the FA Cup final in May , following which he claims manager Antonio Conte sent him a text , telling him he was not in his plans for the new season .
Costa was interviewed at home in Brazil on the same day Chelsea lost their opening Premier League game to Burnley and said he was refusing the club 's demand to return to play with the reserves .
“ They want me to be there training with the reserves . I would n't be allowed access to the first-team dressing room and I would have no contact at all with the guys , ” he told the Daily Mail .
“ I 'm not a criminal ! I do n't think it is fair after all I have done to be treated like that . ”
The Brazilian-born Spain international , who joined Chelsea from Atletico Madrid in 2014 , said if the club did not allow him to move before the transfer window he was prepared to see out his contract unpaid in Brazil .
“ I am open to being a year in Brazil without playing , even if Chelsea fine me for a year and do n't pay me .
“ I 'll come back stronger . If I was in the wrong , I 'd go back now and do as they say .
“ I want the deal with Atletico resolved this month . My idea would be to go to Madrid , train there , get in the best physical shape and be ready to fire ahead of the World Cup . ”
The situation is complicated by the fact that Atletico are currently banned from signing players in this window although a loan deal would be possible .
Costa 's relationship with Conte appears to have broken down although the Brazilian accepts the Italian “ is a good coach ” .
Last week Conte said there was “ no news ” on the Costa situation but earlier this summer said the “ situation is closed . ”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Police and fire crews are this afternoon at the scene of a house fire just off a busy city street .
Around 15 fire officers are at an address in Moseley Road , Highgate .
West Midlands Fire Service said the property was inside a park .
Police officers were at the scene directing rush hour traffic .
The No.50 bus was diverted because of the fire .
From Highgate Middleway , it was continuing , left onto Camp Hill and left onto Bradford Street before resuming its normal line of route .
No other details were immediately available .
Israeli tanks take up positions along the border with the Gaza strip , on Israel-Gaza Border , Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 . The Israeli military said three soldiers were wounded by fire from the Gaza Strip on Tuesday . Tensions have soared over the past two months as the Palestinians have held mass protests along the Gaza-Israel frontier . Israeli fire has killed more than 100 Palestinians and wounded thousands at the protests since March . Ariel Schalit AP Photo
Singer Fergie has stripped down on social media to promote her new album Double Dutchess .
The Black Eyed Peas star is currently working on her second solo album project and in a couple of postings on Instagram the singer poses nude in black and white photos with separate captions reading “ tick ” and “ tock ” .
tick A post shared by Fergie ( @ fergie ) on Aug 12 , 2017 at 6:45pm PDT
tock A post shared by Fergie ( @ fergie ) on Aug 12 , 2017 at 6:47pm PDT
Fergie has also shared other provocative shots , in which she is wearing a corset and underwear , and videos that resemble promos for cult U.S. TV series American Horror Story .
The 42-year-old has released four songs , L.A. Love ( La La ) , Hungry , M.I.L.F . $ , and Life Goes On from the project , which is her first solo record since 2006 's The Dutchess . Last month , the long-awaited record , which has been in the works since 2013 , leaked online .
And last year , the singer revealed what fans can expect from the music .
“ It 's all over the map because if it was n't , that would n't be true to who I am : That 's my musical taste , ” she told People magazine in December . “ For subject matter , I just do n't have one thing to say . I 've had plenty of life experiences since my last album ... I 've had a lot of things to say , and I write in my journals . I 'm old-school . ”
CALGARY , ALBERTA -- ( Marketwired - April 18 , 2017 ) -
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES OR OVER U.S. NEWSWIRE SERVICES
Enbridge Inc. ( TSX : ENB ) ( NYSE : ENB ) ( Enbridge or the Company ) and Enbridge Income Fund Holdings Inc. ( TSX : ENF ) ( EIFH ) today announced the closing of the previously announced secondary offering ( the Secondary Offering ) of EIFH common shares ( Common Shares ) through a syndicate of underwriters ( the Underwriters ) led by BMO Capital Markets , CIBC Capital Markets and Scotiabank . Under the Secondary Offering , 17,347,750 Common Shares of EIFH were sold to the public , including 2,262,750 Common Shares sold in connection with the full exercise of the Underwriters ' over-allotment option , at a price of $ 33.15 per Common Share , for gross proceeds to Enbridge of $ 575,077,913 .
Immediately prior to the closing of the Secondary Offering , Enbridge exchanged 21,657,617 ordinary units ( Fund Units ) of Enbridge Income Fund ( the Fund ) for an equivalent amount of Common Shares ( the Exchange ) . In order to maintain its 19.9 percent interest in EIFH , Enbridge retained 4,309,867 Common Shares issued pursuant to the Exchange and sold the balance under the Secondary Offering . EIFH did not receive any proceeds from the Secondary Offering and Enbridge will pay all expenses and fees associated with the Secondary Offering . The proceeds of the Secondary Offering will initially be used by Enbridge to pay down short-term debt , pending reinvestment by Enbridge in its growing portfolio of secured projects . With the completion of the Secondary Offering , Enbridge 's economic interest in the Fund Group ( made up of the Fund , Enbridge Commercial Trust and Enbridge Income Partners LP ) has been reduced from 86.9 percent to 84.6 percent .
Immediately prior to the Exchange , Enbridge held 94,150,000 Fund Units directly and indirectly , representing 43.1 percent of the issued and outstanding Fund Units . Following the Exchange , Enbridge holds 72,492,383 Fund Units directly and indirectly , representing approximately 33 percent of the issued and outstanding Fund Units .
This news release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the Common Shares in any jurisdiction . The Common Shares offered have not been registered under the United State Securities Act of 1933 , as amended , and may not be offered or sold within the United States .
Forward-Looking Statements Regarding Enbridge Inc .
Certain information provided in this news release constitutes forward-looking statements . The words `` anticipate '' , `` expect '' , `` project '' , `` estimate '' , `` forecast '' and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements . Forward-looking statements contained in this news release include , but are not limited to , statements with respect to the Secondary Offering , including the , the use of proceeds . Although the Company and EIFH believe that these statements are based on information and assumptions which are current , reasonable and complete , these statements are necessarily subject to a variety of assumptions , risks and uncertainties pertaining , but not limited to , financial strength and flexibility ; debt and equity market conditions ; project construction and completion ; in-service dates ; operating performance ; regulatory parameters ; weather ; economic and competitive conditions ; exchange rates , inflation and interest rates ; changes in tax law and tax rates ; counterparty risk ; and supply of and demand for commodities and commodity prices . A further discussion of the risks and uncertainties facing the Company and EIFH can be found in the Company 's filings with Canadian and United States securities regulators and EIFH 's filings with Canadian securities regulators . While the Company and EIFH make these forward-looking statements in good faith , should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize , or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect , actual results may vary significantly from those expected . Except as may be required by applicable securities laws , the Company and EIFH assume no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements made herein or otherwise , whether as a result of new information , future events or otherwise .
About Enbridge Inc .
Enbridge Inc. is North America 's premier energy infrastructure company with strategic business platforms that include an extensive network of crude oil , liquids and natural gas pipelines , regulated natural gas distribution utilities and renewable power generation . The Company safely delivers an average of 2.8 million barrels of crude oil each day through its Mainline and Express Pipeline , and accounts for nearly 68 % of U.S.-bound Canadian crude oil production , and moves approximately 20 % of all natural gas consumed in the U.S. serving key supply basins and demand markets . The Company 's regulated utilities serve approximately 3.5 million retail customers in Ontario , Quebec , New Brunswick and New York State . Enbridge also has a growing involvement in electricity infrastructure with interests in more than 2,500 MW of net renewable generating capacity , and an expanding offshore wind portfolio in Europe . The Company has ranked on the Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations index for the past eight years ; its common shares trade on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges under the symbol ENB .
Life takes energy and Enbridge exists to fuel people 's quality of life . For more information , visit www.enbridge.com .
ABOUT ENBRIDGE INCOME FUND HOLDINGS INC .
Enbridge Income Fund Holdings Inc. is a publicly traded corporation . EIFH , through its investment in Enbridge Income Fund indirectly holds high quality , low- risk energy infrastructure assets . Enbridge Income Fund 's assets consist of a portfolio of Canadian liquids transportation and storage businesses , including the Canadian Mainline , the Regional Oil Sands System , the Canadian segment of the Southern Lights Pipeline , Class A units entitling the holder to receive defined cash flows from the US segment of the Southern Lights Pipeline , a 50 percent interest in the Alliance Pipeline , which transports natural gas from Canada to the U.S. , and interests in more than 1,400 MW of renewable and alternative power generation assets . Information about Enbridge Income Fund Holdings Inc. is available on EIFH 's website at www.enbridgeincomefund.com .
Enbridge Inc. will file early warning reports in connection with the Exchange and the Secondary Offering on the SEDAR profiles of EIFH and the Fund at www.sedar.com . To obtain a copy of the early warning report , please visit SEDAR at www.sedar.com or please contact :
Enbridge Inc. : Jonathan Gould Toll Free : ( 800 ) 481-2804 Email : investor.relations @ enbridge.com
The head office of Enbridge is located at Suite 200 , 425 - 1st Street S.W. , Calgary , Alberta , T2P 3L8 . Enbridge is a corporation existing under the laws of Canada .
The head office of each of EIFH and the Fund is located at Suite 200 , 425 - 1st Street S.W. , Calgary , Alberta , T2P 3L8 .
SoftBank to acquire Fortress Investment Group for $ 3.3bn
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce addressed a number of pressing issues after the play-off defeat to Fulham at Wembley .
The Villa boss spoke about his own future , whether the club would need to sell players and what next season might hold .
Here 's the full transcript :
Thoughts on the game
“ We did n't do enough in the first half . There were big decisions that went against us , too .
“ The boy ( Fredericks ) should have had a red card very early on .
“ It was right in front of the referee . He stamps on him .
“ Nobody wants to see a spectacle ruined but big decisions like that can make a difference .
“ When it 's as deliberate as that he deserved a red card . There might have been a penalty in the second half , too .
“ What we ca n't disguise is that we did n't do enough in the first-half .
“ Second half we were much better and asked a few more questions . Then you just need a break and we did n't get it . ”
Fouls on Grealish
“ It was part of their game plan . I do n't want to make than an excuse . It 's not me , making excuses .
“ In the first half we did n't do enough . Jack the way he plays is going to draw a foul .
“ We just needed that run that he went on to then finish with a goal . It was a great run .
“ We needed it in the back of the net . ”
Grealish needed support
“ Yes , we did n't do enough around him , especially in the first-half . Second half we were much better .
“ To be brutally honest , that would n't have been hard .
“ First half we were too deep , too respectful and did n't do enough with or without the ball .
“ We did n't keep it well enough to create any pressure . As soon as we did that it was a totally different game .
What was said at half-time ?
“ I ca n't repeat it . There were a few words spoken to say that we needed to do more . They all agreed . ”
Can you look to next season ?
“ The feeling is utter disappointment for everybody . The next few days , the hard part is where do we go from here ?
“ We 're a proud club , a big history and tradition . We will try to move forward .
“ We 've got five loan players going and two or three out of contract .
“ There are a lot of discussions to be had . But we had to balance the books last summer .
“ It 's something I 've come to get used to over the last fee transfer windows .
“ There 's going to have to be a change of course but we 'll ask those questions in the next few weeks .
Financial implications
“ It 's been difficult this season , financially . We understand , or I have understood , about Financial Fair Play .
“ The discussions will need to be held above me to say what we have or have n't got .
“ We 'll dust ourselves down , accept defeat . Yes it 's going to be difficult . We have come close to it this season .
“ We will try again . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Sell players ?
“ Of course . But it 's wrong to ask me these questions now when I 'm absolutely aching inside .
“ Let me dust myself down . Of course there will speculation over Jack . Me personally , I would like him to stay .
“ I think another year with us will do him the world of good .
“ We 'd have loved to have given him the platform of the Premier League , sadly it was n't to be .
“ But he 's playing every week here and he might not somewhere else .
Major summer of upheaval
“ We had to balance the books last summer . It 's something I 've had to get used to over the last few transfer windows .
“ There 's going to have to be a change of course but we 'll ask those questions in the next few weeks .
Will Terry stay ?
“ That will depend on John . Of course , the discussions over the next few weeks will be how he feels about it .
“ He had an option if we went up , obviously we have n't got that option now . ”
Will you fight again next season ?
“ I 've been doing it for a long time and I 'm in charge of a great club with a big history and tradition .
“ I 'm really gutted for everybody .
“ But of course I will roll my sleeves up and get stuck into it again next season as long as the people above me see that I 'm fit to do it .
“ I will carry on . ”
Other news
Birkir Bjarnason is distraught at his Championship play-off final snub – but he 's hinted he 'll stick around at Aston Villa next season .
The Iceland international was an unused substitute at Wembley as Steve Bruce opted for Mile Jedinak against Fulham .
Reflecting on the day , Bjarnason said : `` This was hugely frustrating ; it was especially frustrating not to play and try to do something about it . That 's just how we have to go on . ”
Bjarnason was all set to leave Villa Park in January having only made two Championship starts before the New Year .
A second half masterclass as Villa 's anchorman in the victory over Nottingham Forest on January 13 saw him earn the trust of manager Bruce .
Bjarnason , who celebrated his 30th birthday the day after Villa 's defeat to Fulham at Wembley , was a regular in Bruce 's team during the second half of the season .
Despite his anger at not being involved at Wembley , Bjarnason appears keen to remain at Villa and help the club realise its Premier League dream .
`` I 'm not happy at all , but it went as it went , ” he added . “ I have two years left of my contract at Villa and am very happy there . I 'm happy with the club . ''
Bjarnason is now training with Iceland ahead of the World Cup in Russia where he and his compatriots hope to emulate their Euro 2016 heroics .
De Laet suspended & fined
Ritchie De Laet has been suspended by the Royal Belgian Football Association and fined €1,200 for making ‘ obscene gestures towards a referee ' .
Aston Villa defender De Laet is currently enjoying a loan spell at Belgian side Royal Antwerp , whom he started his professional career with .
The 29-year-old right-back departed Villa temporarily in January and has made 14 appearances for Antwerp in the Belgian Pro League .
The incident involving the former Leicester City defender , who joined Villa in a £2.5million transfer two years ago , occurred during a recent match against St. Truiden .
Chuba Akpom , on loan at Truiden from Arsenal , challenged Antwerp goalkeeper Sinan Bolat and De Laet reacted angrily .
The Belgian defender can be seen clearly making offensive signs and gestures in the direction of referee Christof Dierick .
Dierick booked De Laet but the Disputes Committee has since reviewed the footage .
The pros and cons of Aston Villa sticking with Steve Bruce as manager
Initially , federal prosecutor Gilles Blondeau demanded De Laet be given a one-match ban and a €400 fine – but commission president Hubert Poncelet has handed the full-back a bigger penalty .
De Laet apologised for his ‘ highly inappropriate gestures ' at the hearing and his lawyer , Thomas Machtelinckx , requested for the one-match suspension not to be increased .
De Laet also claimed the gestures were not aimed towards the official .
Their request was rejected by the committee .
( Image : Kristof Terreur/ @ HLNinEngeland )
Poncelet said : `` The committee is of the opinion that De Laet 's gestures absolutely do not belong on a football field , as the player himself admits . It does not matter whether the gestures were addressed to the referee or not . ”
Unless Antwerp appeal the sanction , De Laet will take the suspension into next season .
Villa sanctioned De Laet 's loan move in the January window with a view to it being made permanent this summer .
It 's understood both De Laet and Antwerp are keen to come to an agreement , but it 's likely the Villa defender will need to take a pay cut in order for that to happen .
Explained : Robert Snodgrass and Aston Villa both want the same thing
Gabby 's next move
Gabby Agbonlahor has admitted he 's unsure as to what his future holds as his association with Aston Villa ended with the play-off final defeat to Fulham on Saturday , writes Joe Chapman .
After 13 professional seasons , 391 appearances and 87 goals Agbonlahor has left his boyhood club .
The 31-year-old forward 's last appearance in claret and blue came against Sheffield United on December 23 and he 'll now weigh up his options ahead of his next move .
There has been talk of potential interest from Major League Soccer , where a number of English players have made the move such as the Wright-Phillips brothers and Liam Ridgewell in recent years .
Having been at one club for the entirety of his career , though , means a change of scenery in a football sense is n't something he 's accustomed to .
In the meantime , Agbonlahor will be considering his options - though he suggested that nothing will quite be like Villa to him .
He wrote to his Instagram followers : “ Gon na be a hard decision this summer as I never thought I would wear another shirt ! !
“ Time to enjoy the summer and think of what I do for the rest of my life . Whatever happens my heart will belong to Aston Villa for ever .
“ We bleed Claret and blue ! ! # vtid # utv ”
A son of a farmer from Beragh in County Tyrone , Dr Andrew Crawford is a former employee of the Ulster Farmers ' Union .
He was an assistant to the former DUP MEP Jim Allister before the North Antrim politician quit to form the Traditional Unionist Voice .
Dr Crawford was an adviser to Arlene Foster when she was enterprise minister during the time the RHI scheme was created , and followed her to the Department of Finance and Personnel .
BBC
Former DUP minister Jonathan Bell accused him of preventing the closure of the scheme , but Dr Crawford denied that .
He was also named by senior civil servant Andrew McCormick , in a hearing of the Northern Ireland Assembly 's Public Accounts Committee , as the adviser who exerted influence to keep the scheme open - although Dr McCormick said he had no evidence for his claim .
Dr Crawford resigned as a DUP ministerial adviser shortly after that but denied Dr McCormick 's claim and said he had `` acted with complete integrity '' .
Paso Robles police are asking for the public 's help in locating two women who are suspected of passing fraudulent $ 100 bills at businesses throughout the Central Coast .
Janet Marie Deras , 21 , and Ines Marie Jimenez , 30 , allegedly attempted to pass two counterfeit $ 100 bills at J.C. Penny in Paso Robles on Wednesday , according to a news release from the Paso Robles Police Department .
The women may have been accompanied by 37-year-old Joshua Lee Maddox , a person of interest who is possibly associated with a yellow 2018 Chevrolet Camaro , police said .
Both women have “ numerous tattoos on their chests just below the neckline , ” the release said . Deras reportedly has two-star tattoos over her left eye and a “ V-shaped diamond pattern tattoo in the center of her chest . ”
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website , apps , the digital newspaper and more . SUBSCRIBE NOW
Anyone with information on Deras ' or Jimenez 's whereabouts is encouraged to contact Paso Robles police officer Joseph Leonard at 805-237-6464 . Those wishing to remain anonymous can call Crime Stoppers at 805-549-7867 .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
The six reported victims in the deadly pedestrian bridge collapse at Florida International University in Miami on Thursday afternoon were publicly identified by police on Sunday .
Among the victims was Navaro Brown , a 37-year-old African-American man who worked for Structural Technologies VSL , a company that specializes in bridge cable tension and construction systems , NBC Miami reported . Brown , who worked on-site when the 950-ton bridge failed a “ stress adjustment ” before it collapsed over cars on a highway , died Thursday at a local hospital .
Alexa Duran , an 18-year-old FIU student and political science major who was looking forward to law school , was also killed in the tragedy . Police recovered Duran from a vehicle on Saturday night after rescuers searched through the rubble for days during recovery efforts .
Ronaldo Fraga Hernandez , Oswald Gonzalez and Alberto Arias were also confirmed as victims who had been pulled from crushed vehicles .
A sixth victim , Brandon Brownfield , was believed to be inside one of the other cars removed from the site on Saturday night .
Police believe all the victims have been recovered , officials said to CBS News .
( 44 ) Rest in peace : Alberto Arias , 54
Navaro Brown , 37
Alexa Duran , 18
Rolando Fraga Hernandez , 60
Osvaldo Gonzalez , 57
Brandon Brownfield , 39 # PrayForMiami pic.twitter.com/psUKK4hjnx — Hurricane Watcher ( @ GodlessNZ ) March 19 , 2018
All six Miami bridge collapse victims identified , school set to resume Monday https : //t.co/khAbXmGZsV pic.twitter.com/mTuzL6gDbb — 11Alive News ( @ 11AliveNews ) March 19 , 2018
Brownfield had three young daughters , having moved to Florida several years ago for his job at Maxim Crane Works , according to a fundraising page for the family that had raised more than $ 50,000 in a few days , CBS reported . He was on his way home from work when the bridge suddenly fell to the ground .
Gonzalez and Arias owned a party rental and decoration business together . Both men were found Saturday inside their white Chevy truck after the senseless tragedy . Drivers and witnesses posted startling footage of the collapse on social media .
Shocking dash-cam video of the Miami Bridge Collapse at FIU . Watch as motorists jump out to assist those who were trapped . Scary to see a school bus was just yards away… pic.twitter.com/Kl8J49tjhs — Taylor ( @ rollbluetide ) March 17 , 2018
Investigators are still trying to piece together what caused the bridge to crumble to the pavement . Crews had been involved in “ post-tensioning ” to secure the bridge at the time of the collapse .
Classes resumed at FIU on Monday .
SEE ALSO :
Viral Video Of Mom Beating Daughter Over Facebook Sexploits Highlights Double-Standard
Rachel Dolezal Was n't The First : Six More Whites Who Passed For Black
PARKSVILLE , BC- Students at North Island College marked the end of their program this week .
The students were part of the school 's first TV and Film Crew Training program , which took in more than 135 students aiming for careers in the TV and film production industry . The school marked the moment by unveiling two newly-built professional sets on Friday , built by NIC students , down at Vancouver Island Film Studios in Parksville .
“ We are incredibly proud of what these students were able to accomplish in just a few weeks , ” said film grip instructor Jeff Smith , in a news release .
“ I expect to see many of them working and earning solid wages on film or TV projects right here in BC . ”
NIC had put the program in place last year , after both the federal and provincial governments dedicated close to $ 500,000 to the idea .
“ Delivery of this training was possible due to local experts , industry and government partners who have been instrumental to this project 's success , ” said Cheryl O'Connell , NIC 's dean of trades and technical programs , in the release .
“ Together , we have created a program that helps to develop a regional workforce ready , qualified and excited to advance their careers in the world of TV and film ” .
The Vancouver Island North Film Commission was said to have played an essential role in helping NIC develop the program . According to their commissioner , Joan Miller , a lack of local , qualified crew has been a barrier to attracting a wide range of film projects to Vancouver Island .
“ We all had a stake in this program 's success , ” said Miller , in the release . “ To quote a colleague from the film industry , ‘ Supporting this program is a no brainer . ' ”
Students had instruction in film grip , set lighting , and production assistant training , with the first group of graduates finishing their training in Campbell River last fall . The second group finished in the Parksville area .
According to provincial data , $ 2.6 billion in motion picture production expenditures were recorded last year . The Hallmark Channel 's hit TV show Chesapeake Shores also begins filming its third season in the Parksville Qualicum Beach area this spring .
Burros from Death Valley National Park will be relocated to adoption facilities and sanctuaries . ( Source : Mark Meyers )
A Texas-based nonprofit will capture about 2,500 burros from Death Valley National Park and relocate them to adoption facilities and sanctuaries .
The National Park Service entered into a five-year agreement with the nonprofit Peaceful Valley Donkey Rescue to conduct the project .
Mike Reynolds , superintendent of Death Valley National Park said the burros are not part of the natural California desert ecosystem . “ They damage springs and vegetation . They compete for food and water with native animals , such as desert bighorn sheep . In addition , they are a safety hazard to visitors on park roadways . ''
The relocations will be completed at a minimal cost to the government . The project is funded by private donations , foundations grants , and corporate sponsorships .
The park service said the group will use humane methods to capture the burros . The burros will be held in temporary facilities before they are trained and prepared for adoption .
Officials said they expect the relocation effort to begin in late May . The last burro roundup in Death Valley National Park was in 2005 .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Eleven years ago , shortly before I became its director-general , the World Health Organisation and a group of more than 25 partners met in Washington to unveil a new strategy to rescue some of the world 's poorest people from four neglected tropical diseases .
Once widely prevalent , these diseases have gradually disappeared from large parts of the world , as economies developed and living conditions and hygiene improved . But they linger in the places left furthest behind by socioeconomic progress , blinding , maiming , disfiguring and debilitating their victims .
My own interest in this group of diseases was triggered by the sight of a group of women in Tanzania , suffering from elephantiasis ( lymphatic filariasis ) . Elephantiasis can cause severe swelling in arms , legs , breasts or genitals . My heart went out to these women whose painful and disfiguring disease often results in stigma and social isolation .
Elephantiasis is one of the four most common diseases caused by worms . The others are river blindness ( onchocerciasis ) , schistosomiasis , and soil-transmitted helminthiasis . All can be treated using the same set of low-cost drugs . These medicines do not necessarily stop infection from occurring , but they can help to reduce its transmission . They reduce suffering and stigma and have a positive impact on people 's lives , from improving children 's performance at school to protecting the economic productivity of adults .
Unfortunately , in the past , many people who needed these medicines were unable to obtain them . Even cheap drugs are unaffordable for the very poor .
Many at-risk groups live beyond the reach of effective health systems
During my tenure , I have seen an increasing number of pharmaceutical companies donating medicines for neglected tropical diseases , to the extent that 1bn people had access to free treatment in 2015 alone . The efforts , co-ordinated through the WHO , brought together agencies , pharma companies and other partners to provide these medicines at a cost of less than $ 0.50 per person per year .
The programme also addressed another critical barrier . Many at-risk groups live beyond the reach of effective health systems . The WHO and its partners needed to find a way to administer medicines without always having the support of health facilities or trained staff . We focused on simple interventions that could be managed by non-healthcare staff , requiring only once-yearly contact with the health services . Sometimes existing systems to deliver childhood immunisation , bed-nets for malaria , nutrition supplements or school meals were used to provide the medicines . Increasingly , communities themselves took on responsibility for drug delivery .
In 2012 , the partners elevated the programme to a new level , meeting in London , to unite around a new set of ambitious goals to eradicate , eliminate , or accelerate the control of a wider group of 17 neglected tropical diseases , which were outlined in a WHO “ roadmap ” .
The London Declaration catalysed a massive expansion of support , including a donation of $ 363m by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation . The value of donated medicines that followed that meeting has been estimated at $ 2bn- $ 3bn a year . Equally important , other foundations and funding agencies have stepped up to support research to develop treatments and diagnostic tests . These neglected tropical diseases , so long starved of resources , were finally getting the support they require .
The tide is turning . Guinea worm disease , slated for eradication , has been reduced from 3.5m cases in 1986 to just 25 cases last year . Eradication would mark the first time in history an infectious disease has been vanquished through community engagement and behavioural change , without support from a vaccine or treatment .
But I am personally most excited to see that lymphatic filariasis is racing fastest towards the finish line . External reviews show strong progress towards elimination of this disease within the next few years .
In the midst of progress , however , we must recognise that medical interventions alone can not solve the problem of neglected tropical diseases . A broader attack on the social , environmental and economic determinants of health is needed . The targets set for water supply , sanitation , nutrition and housing by the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development will have the largest long-term impact . On current trends , though , many of these ancient diseases may be brought to their knees before that 2030 deadline arrives .
Dr Margaret Chan is director-general of the World Health Organisation
TRIPOLI - Libya 's national women 's football team is not only struggling on the pitch but also battling a conservative society that frowns on women playing sports in public at all .
Female athletes and women 's teams have many critics in the patriarchal Muslim country .
`` Go cover yourself ! '' `` Your place is at home . '' You 're playing because `` you have no man to educate you '' -- such comments are hurled at players every time they train , said centre-forward Saida Saad .
Like her teammates , she wears thick tights under her shorts so as not to reveal too much skin . But for some critics , that 's nowhere near enough .
`` For the love of sport , we resist , '' said Saad , from the eastern city of Benghazi . `` We are trying to change attitudes in society . ''
She joined her teammates for a training session in the capital Tripoli 's Sports City ahead of a two-leg African Cup qualifying match against Ethiopia earlier this month .
- Challenges on -
Coach Hassan Ferjani had modest ambitions for his team -- getting them fit enough to last 90 minutes on the pitch .
`` Poor things , it 'll be the first time they play on a big field , '' he said .
Just a few days ahead of the match , only 10 players made it to the training session .
Others , including some based in the United States , joined the team in Cairo -- venue for the `` home '' match , as world football 's governing body , FIFA , does not allow internationals in strife-torn Libya -- for the showdown with Ethiopia .
They lost that match 8-0 and were thrashed 7-0 in the second leg in the Ethiopian capital , Addis Ababa , unable to notch up a single goal .
`` Regardless of the final score , they have made us proud as they have shown amazing resilience against both patriarchal culture & violent extremism . They deserve ALL support ! '' Zahra Langhi , a Libyan human rights activist , wrote on Twitter .
With no women 's football league in Libya , players for the national team are selected at tournaments in schools across the country .
And while training these young women to an international standard is a daunting challenge , in many cases the hardest part is convincing their families to let them play .
Many parents of potential players flat-out forbid their daughters from taking part .
Others accept , on condition that they accompany their daughters on their travels . Ferjani said the team 's lack of resources means that is a tall order .
Faced with these obstacles , the coach said he had come close to throwing in the towel .
`` What pushes me to continue is the will and the determination of the players who want to improve their level , '' he said .
But , he added , `` the battle off the field is much more important '' .
- 'Changing mentalities ' -
`` There are many girls with talent but were unjustly barred from playing football '' because of social pressures , said Rasha Nouri , a veteran of Libya 's national team , dubbed the Knights of the Mediterranean .
Nouri , 25 , said she initially faced `` a lot of difficulties in this very conservative society '' .
After she was selected during a high school tournament , her parents encouraged her to take the sport further .
`` They challenged ( society ) alongside me and supported me , '' she said .
Having earned her coaching licence , she said she now hopes to train women 's youth teams and eventually start a national league .
She also wants to `` change mentalities via social networks and the media '' , she said .
Souad al-Shibani , head of women 's football at the Libyan Football Federation , said the body plans to launch a programme to develop the sport , starting with a school football league for young women .
`` We will try to organise matches in schools every Saturday , '' she said .
Shibani said she was `` optimistic '' about the future of football in Libya because the younger generation was `` more open and more enthusiastic '' .
Dear Feelings Doctor : I just turned 60 , and I am wondering how to stay fit and exercise in a way that wo n't hurt me . Thank you .
— Kathy in Santa Barbara
Dear Kathy : There are several fun things that will keep you moving safely that are less strenuous than other exercise routines . As long as you have no major injuries , you should be fine . Please check with your doctor and get the go-ahead just to be sure .
Walking daily is actually just as beneficial as jogging and more enjoyable for those who want to see the sights and smell the roses along the way . Light weightlifting to maintain some muscle mass is also a good idea , and will keep your core strong and aligned as things change . Dancing , biking and warm yoga classes are also low-impact workouts that may be to your liking . Begin with a trainer to make sure you are doing all the movements and exercises properly ; good form will last forever . And have fun !
Dear Feelings Doctor : I am a new mom , and my husband and I seem to be on totally different pages . I can not do all the new things I need to do without his help . We seem to be arguing more now that our angel is here . It feels wrong when we should be happier than ever . Please help us .
— Sara in San Francisco
Dear Sara : You are not alone here . The new angel in your family will add so much pleasure and at the same time change everything completely . Your role as a spouse is still in place , in addition to being the primary caretaker for your baby . You will soon become the world 's greatest juggler ! Breathe , take walks with your husband when you can , and make sure you schedule date night for a few hours every week to check in with each other .
It is typical to have added stress and conflict now , but the best thing each of you can do for your new addition is to love and honor your mate . This will quiet the anxious energy in your home and make the impossible ( such as brushing your teeth and showering ) possible .
Roughly 70 percent of new parents experience conflict the first year . It 's a new dance for everyone , but there is help . I suggest And Baby Makes Three . Good luck with your fabulous , new adventure .
Dear Feelings Doctor : I am an intelligent , educated woman , and I find myself turning off the news , radio , everything and wanting to hide some days . I know that I can not bury my head in the sand . I feel trapped and depressed by all the BS that is plastered on every screen all the time . Help !
— Cindie in Ojai
Dear Cindie : Staying positive when bad news is everywhere is a challenge that most people deal with . My advice is to keep your pulse on the day for seven to 10 minutes at the most . Then turn off the details that can stress you out and let joy take over . Taking this day right now and making the best of it , and then tomorrow , and then the next day , will keep you on a path of faith and freedom of the fear that can jump in and grab you .
We are certainly being tested every day . Choose peace and share it with everyone you meet today . When you decide to learn through joy , that 's when life gets interesting !
Be kind whenever possible . It is always possible .
Got a question for The Feelings Doctor ? Click here to submit a question anonymously .
— Psychotherapist Randi Rabin , M.A. , MFTI , answers reader questions in her weekly Noozhawk column , The Feelings Doctor , and can be contacted at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . She received her bachelor 's degree in psychology from Antioch University Santa Barbara and completed her master 's degree in psychology at Pacifica Graduate Institute under the guidance of renowned psychologist Stephen Aizenstat , Pacifica 's chancellor and founding president . She has worked as a counselor with a number of local nonprofit organizations and schools . Click here for previous columns . The opinions expressed are her own .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Reports in Italy are claiming that Wolverhampton Wanderers are weighing up a move for Lazio defender Bastos .
The 27-year-old played 28 times for the Serie A side last season , scoring five times , and is believed to be available for around £15m .
It was his second campaign in Italy though , and he 'd previously struggled for regular game time .
Wolves , who have already snapped up Willy Boly , have neighbours Albion reportedly sniffing around Danny Batth ahead of the new season and could be in need of further recruitment to their back-line .
Conor Coady , Dominic Iorfa , Kortney Hause and Ryan Bennett are Nuno Espirito Santo 's other senior options for a place in the three man central defence that Nuno likes to adopt .
Bastos , who is from Angola , has previously played for Rostov in Russia . He signed for Lazio from there in the summer of 2016 for £5m .
The Italian press suggest that the Rome club would be willing to part with him if a suitor met their valuation of £15m .
Bastos still has two years to run on his current contract , with a further year in the club 's favour .
WOLVES NEWS AND GOSSIP
THE worst kit ?
Football fans do n't usually do things by halves .
We 're not talking pints , although the same rules apply .
We 're talking half and half scarves , or even this half and half shirt which has been doing the rounds online .
Popular Facebook group Coventry City Fans Forum posted this photograph on their page of a gentleman wearing a hybrid top , which was 50 per cent Sky Blues and 50 per cent Wolverhampton Wanderers .
Both the Coventry section and the Wolves section are of a 1990s vintage - and the weird blending together of the two begs the question - why ? !
We ca n't publish many of the responses we 've seen on social media , but the general consensus is that the Molineux and Ricoh Arena club shops should n't rush to start stocking them any time soon !
The nicer comments included 'Robbie Keane fan ' and 'an absolute abomination ' .
If you have any explanation whatsoever for this half and half scarf then please contact mat.kendrick @ reachplc.com
poll loading Do you like this half and half kit ? 500+ VOTES SO FAR No I 've thought about it , definitely no Are n't you listening to me ? NO NO NO NO NO
A move to England after all ?
Leeds United are taking a closer look at Irfan Fandi , the Singapore international who was on trial at Wolverhampton Wanderers earlier this summer .
Fandy , a 20-year-old centre-half , has been linked with Leeds following a trial with Dutch club Groningen in March .
But following that , he headed for a short spell in the Midlands after saying he had met with Nuno Espirito Santo and Jorge Mendes , the super agent with links to Molineux
Now , Fandy could earn a contract at Leeds after his brother Ikhsan , who was also reported to be on trial at Wolves , shared the update on Instragram .
Both brothers have full international caps .
Fandy had previously told Singapore publication The New Paper of his meeting with Nuno and Mendes : “ They just asked me to prepare well mentally and physically .
“ I have about two weeks before I go so , during this time , I 'll be going for more gym sessions and getting myself focused before I leave .
“ The players overseas are a lot better technically , mentally and physically .
“ They have a very strong will and a passion for football . They base their life on football and they would do anything in training .
“ After I came back ( from Groningen ) , I tried to tell the boys how it is like there , so they can learn to give their best in training . In Singapore , the situation is hard because of school and stuff .
“ Overseas , they have school too , so it 's not an excuse not to work hard . ”
Ruben signs
Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves ca n't wait for the start of the Premier League season , writes Steve Wollaston .
The Portuguese playmaker has just put pen to paper on a new five-year deal at Molineux and states that he wants to repay the club 's trust in him .
Speaking to the club 's official website , he stated : “ It 's very good to be back with the boys .
`` We had time to rest , I had a very good time on my holidays , so now let 's prepare for the Premier League .
“ I 'm anxious to start the season . I 'm preparing myself and looking forward to the best league in the world , ” he added .
“ I 'm delighted to sign the new deal with the club , ” he said . “ It 's important for me , I feel that the club trust me and I 'll do everything to help the club again .
“ All I do is think about my family so it 's a little step more in my career and our lives .
“ Honestly we 're focusing on ourselves and preparing well . After we will think about that . But I think we have a very good team and we 'll do the things well . ”
A gamble ?
Wolves have been linked with a move for Middlesbrough winger Adama Traore - but is he right for Wolves ?
The view from our resident Wolves enthusiast Steve Wollaston is that the £18m rated man is n't the finished article - despite his obvious talents .
Exciting yes , but a lot to learn .
Watch the video above to hear Steve 's verdict .
The former Barcelona and Aston Villa youngster has a clause in his Boro contract that allows him to talk to other clubs when a £18m bid is made .
The Sun reports today that Wolves and Huddersfield are both very keen on signing the 22-year-old Spaniard after he missed out on promotion from the Championship last season .
The report also claims that Boro boss Tony Pulis will be given funds from the sale to boost a stronger push for promotion in the coming season .
Nuno Espirito Santo will already be familiar with Traore , at times in their second game against Boro last season , Traore was a constant torment to the Wolves defence with his gung-ho style and turn of the pace .
He will have made a mental note of that and if the Sun report is to be believed , it has impressed him enough to want that dynamic approach in his own side .
Keen on Kieran ?
Wolves have joined the race for Celtic full-back Kieran Tierney .
The highly-rated hoops defender is valued at around £25m and has a host of clubs interested in his services .
The Daily Mail reports that Wolves , Bournemouth , Everton and Spurs all have an interest in the 21-year-old .
Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers has promised not to stand in his way if the right bid comes in for the club and the player .
The valuation has been a talking point on our sister site the Daily Record .
DUPLIN COUNTY , N.C. ( WNCT ) –For folks living in Duplin County , Hurricane Matthew brought flooding that destroyed homes , businesses and churches , many of them for a second , third and fourth time .
WNCT 's Elizabeth Tew revisited two places we first told you about a year ago .
Both Hallsville Presbyterian Church and Riverside Barn Antiques were destroyed by floodwaters after Hurricane Matthew . Both of them had to be rebuilt and folks at both places agree , their lives were forever changed .
They say a picture is worth a thousand words . For Jenny and Aaron Cavenaugh , owners of Riverside Barn Antiques , these pictures are worth five times that .
“ I would say we lost 95 to 99 percent of everything , Jenny Cavenaugh said . “ It was not good . Curio cabinets were laid over . We had dishes and they floated . Some of the dishes might be in the back that belonged in the front and vice versa . ”
In the last 22 years since they 've been open , the store 's flooded four times .
After Hurricane Matthew , four feet of water poured in through the windows and the walls .
“ You 're in shock , ” Cavenaugh said . “ I do n't think I had time to think . ”
It took over five months to reopen as they waited for insurance , cleaned and bought new merchandise .
The same amount of time that it took the congregation of Hallsville Presbyterian Church to hold a Sunday service in their sanctuary again .
“ We basically had to get everything out , cleaned and sanitized , ” Pastor Mark Houston said .
Pastor Houston says 18 inches of water crept into the church for the second time since Hurricane Floyd .
“ It had been a difficult time in the life of the church , particularly when Floyd came , and it brought back those memories , ” Pastor Houston said .
Everything is replaced now , there 's new paint , new pews , and new carpeting .
“ It was difficult , ” Pastor Houston said . “ It was n't easy , but we had folks in the community that helped us . ”
Community support , it 's the one thing both places had in the aftermath .
“ We have these walls and we have this restored , but had it not been restored we still have that faith and that 's what keeps us going , ” Pastor Houston said .
“ The Lord 's blessed us so much , and if His hand had n't been in it we could n't have come back , ” Cavenaugh said .
Both the Cavenaughs and Pastor Houston say that 's what they want you to take away from their experiences . If you see someone who needs help , do all you can . They say you 'll be rewarded for it in the long run .
By PRINTUS LEBLANC
The Hart – Celler Act of 1965 abolished the immigration quota system and liberalized the rules for immigration . It put a priority on family reunification and increased the number of immigrants allowed . The next major immigration act was the Simpson–Mazzoli Act of 1986 . This bill legalized all illegal immigrants in the US , and was supposed to enforce immigration laws by going after employers . Both bills had disastrous results for America by balkanizing communities and not putting Americans first . The administration wants to change that .
On Wednesday President Trump decided to put Americans first , and voiced his support for a slightly modified version of S. 354 , the “ Reforming American Immigration for Strong Employment Act ” RAISE Act . The bill was introduced by Senators Tom Cotton ( R-Ark . ) and David Perdue ( R-Ga. ) earlier this year . It is the first major change of the legal immigration system in over 50 years . Perdue stated , “ Returning to our historically normal levels of legal immigration will help improve the quality of American jobs and wages . ”
One provision the bill specifically targets is chain migration . Chain migration allows one immigrant to sponsor many members of their family ; to include spouses , parents , and adult siblings . Chain migration is divided into four categories :
•1st Preference : Unmarried sons/daughters of US citizens and their children
•2nd Preference : Spouses , children , and unmarried sons/daughters of green card holders
•3rd Preference : Married sons/daughters of US citizens and their spouses and children
•4th Preference : Brothers/sisters of US citizens ( at least 21 years of age ) and their spouses and children
Once someone from the previous chain is allowed entry into the US , they then continue the next link in the chain by doing the same thing . If you want to know how California went from Republican red to deep Democrat blue , think chain migration and Simpson—Mazzoli .
Chain migration has had a disastrous outcome on social services . If only one person out of twenty in a family has the ability to earn a living in the US , the rest of the family will depend on public services to survive , a resource thin public services department that can not take care of the people already in the US . The Center for Immigration Studies estimated that 51 percent of immigrant households are on some form of welfare .
Why would the US import people to put on the taxpayer dime while running a deficit and accumulating seemingly insurmountable debt ? The RAISE Act limits chain migration to spouses and minor children , and limits the burden on taxpayer wallets .
The legislation will also put an end to the Diversity visa lottery program in the State Department . The program assigns a maximum of 50,000 green card visas to those who win a worldwide lottery . However , according to Inspector General reports the program is fraught with fraud . Organized crime rigs the system by flooding it with applications , then controlling the response . If someone can not afford to pay for their ID number , they can be forced into sham marriages . This is only the tip of the iceberg in fraud involving the program .
The RAISE act will enact an immigration system similar to Australia and Canada . Those systems use a point system . If someone wanting to come to here speaks English , that is a point in their favor . Over 1.5 billion people speak English in case you were wondering Jim Acosta . If someone has a highly desirable skill or is highly educated , that is a point in their favor . If someone can support themselves here and not require the support of the taxpayer , that is a point in their favor .
These are simple steps that can be taken to protect taxpayer dollars and help the US economy grow . Millions of Americans are jobless , while millions more are underemployed . It makes no sense to import people to do work while Americans are out of work . For any person wishing to come to the US , a simple question must be asked , “ Does this person benefit the US ? ”
Printus LeBlanc is a contributing reporter for Americans for Limited Government
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE .
YOU MAY , HOWEVER , COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Birmingham councillor who testified against Humza Ali said the jail term imposed on the would-be Isis terrorist closed the “ most difficult chapter ” of his life .
Majid Mahmood was warned to avoid appearing in public after he was threatened by the 20-year-old , who was jailed for nine years on Tuesday .
Ali sent the Hodge Hill councillor a series of abusive messages on Facebook and WhatsApp in which he was branded a “ pig ” , told to “ rot in hell ” and warned to “ keep out of Muslim areas ” .
Responding to the sentence , Coun Mahmood said Ali did not represent the true face of Islam .
“ The sentencing closes the most difficult chapter in my life , ” he said .
“ Now I can move on with representing Hodge Hill and the city of Birmingham .
“ Humza is a radicalised individual who posed a serious risk to the public , and a custodial sentence is the only option .
“ The lengthy sentence will act as a deterrent to those individuals or groups who are hell-bent on trying to destroy fabric of our society
“ I would like to pay tribute to the efforts of the police , and the Crown Prosecution Service for bringing Humza to justice , and to the other witnesses who bravely gave evidence at the trial .
“ I have been overwhelmed with the immense support from the Muslim community at large , and that clearly shows the actions of Humza do not represent Muslims . ”
Coun Mahmood , a solicitor , feared for his family 's safety during Ali 's trial last year .
The city council provided extra security for public meetings he was required to attend in his role as cabinet member for value for money and efficiency .
Coun Mahmood told the Mail last year that he had considered resigning from politics and moving away over the case .
But he decided to remain in public life to show how society should respond to the terror threat .
“ Staying silent is not an option , we have to stand up to them , ” he said .
The City of Santa Barbara received $ 4.65 million in sales tax revenue for the quarter ended March 31 , which is 6.1 percent growth over the same quarter last year .
Since sales tax is received only quarterly from the state , and one quarter in arrears , the city receives its third-quarter results at end of June . The city 's growth rate is very consistent with the regional and the statewide growth percentages .
Sales tax is the second-largest General Fund revenue . The city has received more than $ 14.8 million in sales tax with 5 percent growth over the same period last year . With one quarter of sales tax returns remaining to be received , the city is well on its way to meeting its adopted budget target of $ 19.6 million . Despite the solid sales tax revenue growth , the city still has not reached its peak level of sales tax revenue achieved in 2007 .
Click here for more information on sales tax results .
Transient Occupancy Tax for May
The city received $ 1.32 million in transient occupancy tax ( TOT ) for May , a 13.4 percent increase over May 2012 . This is the highest growth rate for one month so far this year .
In addition to dry , warm weather and an increase in the number of rooms available this spring , this May had one extra weekend date compared with May 2012 .
Through the first 11 months of the fiscal year , which ended June 30 , the city has collected more than $ 13.1 million in TOT revenues , 7.1 percent ahead of last year through the same period . With one more month of collections remaining , revenues appear on track to meet the budgeted growth of 6.1 percent . The current adopted budget for TOT is $ 14,489,200 .
Click here for more information on transient occupancy tax results .
— Genie Wilson is the treasury manager for the City of Santa Barbara .
David Kilmer a 51-year-old from Fishkill , New York , allegedly arrived to a DWI Victim Impact Panel meeting with a blood alcohol content three times over the legal limit and was arrested when he tried to drive away . Creative Commons
Toyota recalls fleet of ‘ ultimate eco-car ' fuel cell vehicles
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
More than 2,000 bus lane fines were issued on average per week in Birmingham during the first three months of 2018 .
There are now 24 bus lane cameras operating in the city compared with 12 in 2016 .
In line with this twofold increase , the total number of Penalty Charge Notices ( PCN ) is now on course to more than double from 2016 , the earliest year for which comparative data is available .
Freedom of Information ( FOI ) request has further revealed that Birmingham City Council collected almost £9.5 million in bus lane fines during the last five financial years .
The exact sum raised from 2013 to 2018 was £9,445,130.09 - an average of £1,889,026 per financial year .
That five-year total is almost enough to have equivalently funded the current £10 million rebuild of Centenary Square .
And it 's the same as 6,288 homes paying the current average Band D rate of council tax , £1,502 .
Based on the first three months of 2018 , the tickets being issued this year alone could be worth £6,313,440 on a pro-rata basis and if every motorist paid the maximum £60 fine .
( Image : Graham Young )
Birmingham City Council responded to our FOI by detailing the amount raised per year for each of the financial calendar years from April 1 , 2013 through to the end of March 2018 as follows
2013/14 – £1,288,384.00
2014/15 – £1,769,961.46
2015/16 – £3,606,356.69
2016/17 – £1,419,172.98
2017/18 – £1,361,254.96
( Image : Graham Young )
The cameras which catch the most
The bus camera league table of fines for the first three months of 2018
1 . 4,904 – Bordesley Green East inbound towards Heartlands Hospital entrance
2 . 2,800 – Corporation Street towards Lancaster Circus ( inbound )
3 . 2,618 – Lichfield Road at Grosvenor Road ( outbound )
4 . 2,280 – Lichfield Road towards Salford Circus ( outbound )
5 . 2,279 – Bordesley Green East outbound from Station Road
6 . 2,173 – St Martin 's Queensway ( towards Moor Street Queensway )
7 . 1,467 – Bordesley Green East outbound at Eastfield Road
8 . 1,264 – Tyburn Road towards Kingsbury Road ( inbound )
9 . 1,148 – Pershore Road northbound between Pebble Mill Road and Priory Road
10 . 1,069 – The Priory Queensway southbound towards Masshouse Lane
What is a Penalty Charge Notice ?
It is issued under the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984 and S.144 ( 5 ) Transport Act 2000 .
Appeals against a PCN are referred to as ‘ representations ' .
The Bus Lane Contraventions ( Penalty Charge Adjudication and Enforcement ) ( England ) Regulations 2005 sets out six grounds on which you may make representations to the council .
For more details visit the city council 's website here
( Image : Tim Easthope )
How Penalty Charge Notices work
The fine for driving in a bus lane or bus only street is £60 , reduced to £30 if paid within 14 days of the PCN being issued . You will not receive points on your licence .
The police can also issue a Fixed Penalty to vehicles which are using a bus lane or bus only road illegally .
Their fine may be for a different amount . If you receive a Fixed Penalty Notice from the police and a PCN from the council for the same incident , the council will cancel the PCN and you will only have to pay the fine issued by the police .
( Image : Tim Easthope )
How many Penalty Charge Notices are being issued ?
We also asked how many bus lane fines had been issued to motorists in Birmingham in each 12-month period during the last five years from 2013 .
The city council said ‘ information was no longer available prior to January , 2016 ' .
But since then it said the following number of PCNs had been issued :
2016 – 49,778 ( 12 cameras – equivalent to 345 tickets per camera per month )
2017 – 32,636 ( 13 cameras – equivalent to 209 tickets per camera per month )
2018 – 26,306 from January to March ( 24 cameras – equivalent to 365 tickets per camera per month )
On a pro-rata basis , based on the first quarter of this year , the total number of PCNs that will be issued in 2018 is on course to reach 105,224 by the end of the year .
That is more than twice as many as the 49,778 in 2016 when there were 12 cameras , compared with the total of 24 cameras today .
( Image : Tim Easthope )
What happens to the money collected ?
Bus lane fines pay for enforcement costs including the camera system , the maintenance of bus lane signs and lines , printing and postage to issue PCNs and staff to check and process PCNs and appeals .
Any money left over 'must be used to improve public transport and roads ' .
( Image : Tim Easthope )
What would bus lane fines be worth elsewhere ?
Although the money from fines is ring-fenced as detailed above , here are some examples which illustrate what the revenue would be worth in other fields .
Looking at the city council 's Capital Expenditure Programme for 2017-18 , the bus lane fines are equivalent to :
( Image : Nick Wilkinson )
1 . The projected cost of rebuilding Centenary Square is £9,996,000 – so five years of bus lane fines would almost cover the entire cost , bar £500,000 .
2 . The cost of the National College for HS2 is £9,446,000 – just £1,000 more than the total raised by bus lane fines .
3 . The council 's budget for land drainage and flood defences in 2017-18 was £1,102,000 – far less than the annual average £1,889,026 raised by bus lane fines .
History of controversy
( Image : Tim Easthope )
The introduction of city centre bus lanes in the Priory Queensway and Moor Street Queensway areas caused great controversy at a time when part of Corporation Street was closed to buses for construction of the Midlands Metro tram line .
In the autumn of 2013 we reported how more than 60,000 fines had been handed out in just 11 weeks from just 10 cameras on bus lanes in Birmingham city centre .
The biggest problems were with Priory Queensway southbound to Old Square and St Martin 's Queensway .
Almost a third were from just one camera which was affecting families visiting the Children 's Hospital , including a mother of eight who had ten tickets while taking her two-year-old daughter in for several days of treatment .
Cameras were suspended following concerts about signposting .
( Image : Tim Easthope )
In February 2014 the city council was forced to apologise and write off 18,000 of the £60 fines after a tribunal adjudicator ruled that three out of ten bus lanes were not properly signposted .
Despite agreeing that the lanes were poorly signposted , the council said it was sticking to its policy of only refunding motorists who appealed or complained at the time – meaning those who paid promptly to avoid a fuss will not see a penny returned .
In June 2014 it was announced that bus lane cameras responsible for 60,000 fines for drivers were to be turned back on .
In recent years the number of bus lanes has increased .
They also now include parts of the Tyburn Road , Lichfield Road and roads in Bordesley Green East .
The toilets of Sheboygan , Wisconsin , are finally safe .
Sheboygan police arrested a 33-year-old man Monday on suspicion that he 's the vandal who spent the past two years clogging a public toilet more than two dozen times . Repairing clog after clog has drained thousands in taxpayer funds from the city , which is perched on Lake Michigan north of Milwaukee . Police have not named the suspect .
The Memorial Day arrest came following a tip from a citizen , police said .
The villain 's clogging tool was an unconventional one , according to police . He would take a 20-ounce soda bottle and jam it into a women 's toilet at the Deland Community Center in the city . Once he 'd lodged a bottle deep in the pipes , the vandal would run off — leaving behind a messy surprise for the city to clean up .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
In March , the city got desperate enough that police issued a plea for help on Facebook .
“ This is very strange … and gross , but that is the reality of life , ” the city 's police department wrote at the time , begging for leads or tips .
Police said in March that surveillance cameras suggested a man was to blame . Commenters on Facebook said the city should have installed cameras years ago to catch the culprit and avoid paying to clean up after him .
As of March , the serial clogger had struck three times just this year , according to Joe Kerlin , the city 's parks and forestry superintendent . But the clogger had been even busier in past years , Kerlin told the Sheboygan Press — blocking the same public women 's toilet 14 times in 2017 , and 12 the year before .
That substantial tally ( 29 cloggings — but who 's counting ? ) only includes incidents since the city began keeping track , Kerlin told the newspaper . And it was n't until halfway into 2016 it dawned on authorities that a serial clogger was on the loose . Kerlin estimated that the city has spent between $ 2,000 and $ 3,000 dealing with the clogger 's reign of terror .
“ A lot of times we can just fish 'em out , ” Kerlin told the newspaper , describing the best case scenario . Especially obstinate bottles mean plumbers have to remove the entire toilet .
The case has been passed off to the Sheboygan County District Attorney 's Office for charges to be filed , WBAY reports .
This story is about Published 7h
Rancher , roofer , pastor : What are the Super Bowl XXVII-champion Cowboys doing now ? Share This Story On ... Twitter
Facebook
Email
The Dallas Morning News/Michael Hogue/staff Dallas Cowboys/ 1992 Dallas Cowboys team photo , taken before the season at Valley Ranch . The team went on to win Super Bowl XXVII .
By Barry Horn , Staff Writer Contact Barry Horn on Twitter : @ bhorn55
Twenty-five years later , Super Bowl XXVII still has an indelible place in the hearts of Cowboys fans . It marked the end of 14 years in the NFL Championship Game wilderness , which seemed an eternity at the time . It helped erase the bad taste of Pittsburgh 35 , Cowboys 31 in Super Bowl XIII while inaugurating the greatest Super Bowl run in franchise history . Cowboys 52 , Buffalo Bills 17 . Then what happened ?
We 've compiled the latest on where each of the Cowboys players and coaches from the Super Bowl XXVII team are today . Scroll over the pictures below to check out what they 're up to , followed by a recap of the most exciting moments to the 52-17 final score . Dig in ! Where are they now ? A breakdown of the Cowboys ' 1992 team photo , taken before the season at Valley Ranch . Numbers listed in parentheses are the players ' ages in 1992 . OFFENSIVE STARTERS
8 Troy Aikman , QB ( 26 )
Lives in Highland Park . Lead NFL analyst for Fox Sports and bigger-than-life presence in Dallas
22 Emmitt Smith , RB ( 23 )
Lives in Addison . A leading businessman and real estate presence in Dallas
48 Daryl Johnston , FB ( 26 )
Lives in Dallas . NFL analyst for Fox Sports
53 Mark Stepnoski , C ( 25 )
Lives in Vancouver , Canada . Moved to Canada after years as a leading advocate for legalizing marijuana in the United States
No . 61 Nate Newton , LG ( 23 )
Lives in Wylie . A staple on Dallas radio and television
63 John Gesek , RG ( 29 )
Lives in a Coppell . Owns a financial planning firm
71 Mark Tuinei , LT ( 32 )
Died on May 6 , 1999 , at 39 in what was ruled an accidental overdose
79 Erik Williams , RT ( 24 ) 80 Alvin Harper , WR ( 24 )
Lives in Fort Washington , Md .
84 Jay Novacek , TE ( 30 )
Lives in Joshua . Rancher
88 Michael Irvin , WR ( 26 )
Lives in Plano . Analyst for NFL Network
DEFENSIVE STARTERS
24 Larry Brown , CB ( 23 )
Lives in Colleyville . Dabbles in TV and radio work ; runs a football youth league organization
26 Kevin Smith , CB ( 22 )
Lives in Dallas . Worked with athletes in performance enhancement ; makes personal appearances
31 Thomas Everett , SS ( 28 )
Lives in Frisco . Owns Thomas Everett Athletics , where he coaches performance enhancement
Claimed No . 27 after Curvin Richards was cut 37 James Washington , S ( 27 )
Lives in Whittier , Calif .
51 Ken Norton , LB ( 26 )
Recently named defensive coordinator for Seattle Seahawks
55 Robert Jones , MLB ( 23 )
Lives in Austin . Middle son Zay is a wide receiver with Buffalo Bills . Youngest Levi is a freshman linebacker at USC . Oldest Cayleb is a wide receiver who will go to camp with Minnesota Vikings .
57 Vinson Smith , LB ( 27 )
Lives in Statesville , N.C . Owns a bail bonds business and has coached high school football .
67 Russell Maryland , DT ( 23 )
Lives in Southlake . Worked in electronics sales .
75 Tony Casillas , DT ( 29 )
Lives in Flower Mound . Frequent Cowboys analyst for local television .
92 Tony Tolbert , DE ( 25 )
Lives in Southlake .
94 Charles Haley , DE ( 28 )
Lives in Dallas . Special adviser to Cowboys .
SPECIALISTS AND RESERVES
2 Lin Elliott , K ( 24 )
Lives in Waco . Investment manager for Texas Farm Bureau insurance .
4 Mike Saxon , P ( 30 )
Lives in Coppell . Owns a roofing and construction company .
7 Steve Beuerlein , QB ( 27 )
Lives in North Carolina . Longtime NFL analyst for CBS Sports .
20 Ray Horton , S ( 32 )
Coached defenses for seven NFL teams . Most recently was defensive coordinator for Cleveland Browns .
27 Curvin Richards , RB ( 24 )
Did n't make it to the Super Bowl . Emmitt Smith 's backup scored a touchdown in the final regular-season game but also lost two fumbles and was cut afterward .
28 Darren Woodson , SS ( 23 )
Lives in Dallas . NFL analyst for ESPN ; someday may be in the Pro Football Hall of Fame .
29 Kenny Gant , DB ( 25 )
Lives in Riverview , Fla. , near Tampa .
30 Issiac Holt , CB ( 30 )
Lives in Birmingham , Ala . Retired .
34 Tommie Agee , RB ( 28 )
Lives in Opelika , Ala .
40 Bill Bates , DB ( 31 )
Lives in Ponte Vedra , Fla. High school football coach .
47 Clayton Holmes , DB ( 23 )
Lives in Wenatchee , Wash .
58 Dixon Edwards , LB ( 24 )
Lives in Grand Prairie . Coached youth football and worked internet radio .
66 Kevin Gogan , OL ( 28 )
Lives in North Bend , Wash. High school football coach and internet NFL analyst .
68 Frank Cornish , C ( 25 )
Died on Aug. 22 , 2008 , at age 40 of heart disease .
70 Dale Hellestrae , OL/LS ( 30 )
Lives in the Scottsdale , Ariz. Multimedia personality and football analyst .
76 Alan Veingrad , OL ( 29 )
Lives in Boca Raton , Fla. Works for American Israel Public Affairs Committee .
77 Jim Jeffcoat , DE ( 31 )
Lives in Superior , Colo . Defensive line coach at University of Colorado . 78 Leon Lett , DL ( 24 )
Lives in Grand Prairie . Coaches defensive tackles for Cowboys . 81 Alexander Wright , WR ( 25 )
Lives in San Antonio . Associate pastor at Cornerstone Church .
82 Jimmy Smith , WR ( 23 )
Lives in Jackson , Miss . Runs foundation that benefits at-risk youth . 83 Kelvin Martin , WR/KR ( 27 )
Lives in Colleyville . 87 Alfredo Roberts , TE ( 27 )
Lives in Carmel , Ind . Running backs coach for the LA Chargers . 95 Chad Hennings , DL ( 27 )
Lives in Flower Mound . Motivational speaker and author . 97 Jimmie Jones , DT ( 26 ) 98 Godfrey Myles , LB ( 24 )
Died on June 10 , 2011 , at age 42 of a heart attack .
COACHES AND STAFF
FIRST ROW Mike Woicik , strength and conditioning coach
Cowboys strength and conditioning coordinator after stint with New England Patriots .
Steve Hoffman , quality control coach
Most recently special teams coordinator for Tennessee Titans . SECOND ROW Mike McCord , assistant equipment manager
Cowboys equipment director .
Buck Buchanan , equipment manager
Deceased .
Joe Avezzano , special teams coach
Deceased . Joe Brodsky , running backs coach
Deceased .
THIRD ROW Don Cochran , medical trainer
Retired . Scott Touchet , trainer , intern
Assistant trainer for Oakland Raiders .
Robert Ford , tight ends coach
Retired .
Bob Slowik , defensive assistant
Retired .
FOURTH ROW Kevin O'Neil , trainer
Trainer for Florida International University .
Jim Maurer , assistant trainer
Trainer for Cowboys .
Hubbard Alexander , wide receivers coach
Deceased .
Dave Campo , defensive backs coach
Retired .
FIFTH ROW Bruce Mays , director of football operations
Retired .
Neil Armstrong , consultant
Deceased .
Tony Wise , offensive line coach
Retired .
Butch Davis , defensive line coach
Head coach at Florida International University .
SIXTH ROW Jerry Jones , owner
Owner of Cowboys .
Jimmy Johnson , coach
NFL studio analyst for Fox Sports .
Norv Turner , defensive coordinator
Offensive coordinator for Carolina Panthers .
Dave Wannstedt , defensive coordinator
College and NFL studio analyst for Fox Sports .
HALL OF FAMERS
Troy Aikman , Charles Haley , Jerry Jones , Michael Irvin , Emmitt Smith How 'd the Cowboys pull this off ? The game was so lopsided that a fumble lost in the end zone on a sure touchdown in the waning minutes of game endures as a note rather than a dagger . But first there was the build-up to the finale score . Do you remember these moments ? -The Cowboys ' defense , which recovered five fumbles and intercepted four passes against the Bills after allowing the fewest yards in the league during the regular season , sent not a single player to the Pro Bowl the week after Troy Aikman , Michael Irvin , Nate Newton , Jay Novacek , Emmitt Smith and Mark Stepnoski represented the offense . -The 3-0 Cowboys were humiliated 31-7 on the road by the also 3-0 Philadelphia Eagles in a Monday Night Football showdown for NFC East superiority early in the season . However , the 6-1 Cowboys came back to beat the Dick Kotite-coached Eagles 20-10 three weeks later and again 34-10 in a home playoff game the week before the NFC Championship game showdown against San Francisco . -After the Cowboys suffered a 20-17 loss at Washington in their 14th regular-season game , cranky coach Jimmy Johnson believed there was too much frivolity on the plane trip home . He ordered the flight attendants to suspend the meal service and demanded silence throughout the remainder of the trip . Coincidentally , the Cowboys did n't lose another game . -In the meaningless regular-season finale , reserve running back Curvin Richards lost two fumbles in a victory over the Chicago Bears . He was cut after the game . -After the Cowboys defeated San Francisco in the NFC Championship Game , Johnson allowed a CBS camera and microphone into the cramped winning locker room at Candlestick Park . Such hospitality was a first for Johnson . Had the CBS equipment not been there , `` How 'bout them Cowboys '' may never have become part of the sports vernacular . -The locker room celebration over , Johnson was in such a hurry to get on the plane back to Dallas he had no problem leaving one tardy player behind . Troy Aikman , delayed by a live national television interview , had to scramble to catch a media bus back to the airport and the charter home . -Before the 52-17 final , NBC `` experts '' Will McDonough , Todd Christensen , Cris Collinsworth and O.J . Simpson all picked the Bills to win . Only Mike Ditka picked the Cowboys . -The Cowboys led 28-10 at halftime of the Super Bowl . In their playoff opener , the Bills had trailed the Houston Oilers 24-3 at the half before rallying to win 41-38 . When asked at halftime about the likelihood of a repeat , Johnson tersely told his interviewer , `` We 're not the Houston Oilers . '' -Michael Jackson performed at halftime of the Super Bowl in the storied Rose Bowl . For many , it remains the greatest of all halftime performances . -Had defensive tackle Leon Lett not famously fumbled away what should have been the Cowboys ' final touchdown and Lin Elliott converted the extra point , the Cowboys would have scored 59 points , breaking the still-standing record 55 scored by the San Francisco 49ers at Super Bowl XXIV . NOT PICTURED , ON SUPER BOWL ROSTER 23 Robert Williams , S | 39 Derrick Gainer , RB | 52 Mickey Pruitt , LB | 89 Derek Tennell , TE PICTURED , NOT ON SUPER BOWL ROSTER 3 Tim Daniel , WR | 42 Greg Briggs , S | 46 Ricky Blake , RB | 50 Bobby Abrams , LB | 56 Melvin Foster , LB | 60 Melvin Evans , OL | 69 Todd Jones , OL
When they saw a motability scooter stopped in Portadown police discovered that the 68-year-old woman in charge of it was extremely drunk .
She was Doreen Hazley , Carleton House , Church Street , Portadown and she was banned from driving for 12 months last Wednesday at Craigavon Magistrates Court .
Through a solicitor she admitted being in charge of a mechanically propelled vehicle with unfit through drink or drugs on May 29 this year and failing to provide a specimen of breath .
For each offence she was fined £50 and given a 12 months disqualification . She was also ordered to pay a £15 offender 's levy .
The court heard that at 7.35pm found the defendant on a motability scooter which had broken down on Mandeville Street in Portadown .
Hazley was extremely intoxicated and in a high state of distress . There was a half bottle of vodka in the basket of the scooter .
Police brought her home and found her front door unlocked .
At that stage a breath test could not be taken because of the level of her intoxication . At Dungannon custody suite again it was not possible to take a test .
A solicitor representing the defendant said she had no previous convictions .
He explained that in January she had lost her daughter and she suffered a stroke following her death .
He added that there was a lot going on in her life at that time . It all got on top of her and she was drinking . The scooter had been taken off her .
Deputy District Judge Anne Marshall said that from the evidence she was extremely intoxicated .
But she took into account her previous good character and the combination of circumstances which led to this incident .
The judge said the reading would likely have been very high given that she had a bottle of vodka in the basket and tried to drink from it when she was being interviewed by police .
650,000 fans at parade cheer Penguins for Stanley Cup win
hello
Pittsburgh Penguins ' Sidney Crosby hoists the Stanley Cup during the team 's Stanley Cup NHL hockey victory parade on Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , in Pittsburgh . ( Andrew Rush/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette via AP ) Associated Press
Pittsburgh Penguins ' Sidney Crosby hoists the Stanley Cup during the team 's Stanley Cup NHL hockey victory parade on Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , in Pittsburgh . ( Matt Freed/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette via AP ) Associated Press
Pittsburgh Penguins ' Sidney Crosby hoists the Stanley Cup during the team 's Stanley Cup NHL hockey victory parade on Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , in Pittsburgh . Associated Press
Pittsburgh Penguins ' Sidney Crosby hoists the Stanley Cup during the team 's Stanley Cup NHL hockey victory parade on Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , in Pittsburgh . Associated Press
Pittsburgh Penguins ' Sidney Crosby hoists the Stanley Cup during the team 's Stanley Cup NHL hockey victory parade on Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , in Pittsburgh . ( Steph Chambers/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette via AP ) Associated Press
Pittsburgh Penguins ' Sidney Crosby carries the Stanley Cup during the team 's Stanley Cup NHL hockey victory parade on Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , in Pittsburgh . ( Stephanie Strasburg/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette via AP ) Associated Press
Pittsburgh Penguins co-owners Ron Burkle , left , and Mario Lemieux ride through the crowd during the team 's Stanley Cup NHL hockey victory parade on Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , in Pittsburgh . ( Steph Chambers/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette via AP ) Associated Press
Pittsburgh Penguins Marc-Andre Fleury places a hat on the head of a young fan during the team 's Stanley Cup NHL hockey victory parade on Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , in Pittsburgh . ( Steph Chambers/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette via AP ) Associated Press
Sidney Crosby walks toward celebrating Penguins fans as he holds the Stanley Cup on Grant Street in Pittsburgh on Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , during the Pittsburgh Penguins ' victory parade and rally . ( Lake Fong/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette via AP ) Associated Press
Pittsburgh Penguins fans wait for the start of the Penguins ' NHL hockey Stanley Cup victory parade in Pittsburgh , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 . Associated Press
Pittsburgh Penguins fans waits for the start of the Penguins ' NHL hockey Stanley Cup victory parade in Pittsburgh , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 . Associated Press
Pittsburgh Penguins fan Matt Nesbella , center , of Pittsburgh , waits for the start of the Penguins ' NHL hockey Stanley Cup victory parade in Pittsburgh , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 . Associated Press
People walk towards the parade route for the start of the Pittsburgh Penguins ' NHL hockey Stanley Cup victory parade in Pittsburgh , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 . ( Darrell Sapp/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette via AP ) Associated Press
Pittsburgh Penguins fans waits for the start of the Penguins ' NHL hockey Stanley Cup victory parade in Pittsburgh , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 . Associated Press
Pittsburgh Penguins fans waits for the start of the Penguins ' NHL hockey Stanley Cup victory parade in Pittsburgh , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 . Associated Press
The Stanley Cup sits on the bat rack in the Pittsburgh Pirates dugout during a celebration of the Pittsburgh Penguins Stanley Cup win over the Nashville Predators before a baseball game between the Pittsburgh Pirates and the Colorado Rockies in Pittsburgh , Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 . Associated Press
Pittsburgh Penguins fan Matt Nesbella , center , of Pittsburgh , waits for the start of the Pittsburgh Penguins ' NHL hockey Stanley Cup victory parade in Pittsburgh , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 . Associated Press
Sidney Crosby raises the Stanley Cup on the Boulevard of the Allies in Pittsburgh , in front of a parking garage packed with jubilant fans , on Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , during the Pittsburgh Penguins ' victory parade and rally . ( Lake Fong/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette via AP ) Associated Press
Pittsburgh Penguins ' Marc-Andre Fleury signs a hat for a young fan during the team 's Stanley Cup NHL hockey victory parade on Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , in Pittsburgh . ( Steph Chambers/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette via AP ) Associated Press
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Penguins ' Stanley Cup championship , the first an NHL team has won back to back in almost 20 years , spawned by far the biggest victory parade of any of the franchise 's five titles .
An estimated 650,000 people turned out along a downtown parade route that ended with a rally at Point State Park , city public works and public safety officials said Wednesday . A sunny day with temperatures in the 80s did n't hurt , as the smell of sunscreen was as pungent as the Penguins ' love in a city that boasts , officially , only 305,000 residents .
`` These guys are fierce competitors , '' coach Mike Sullivan told the crowd from a stage in the triangular park formed by the confluence of the city 's three rivers . `` They just know how to win . ''
Roughly 400,000 fans attended last year 's celebration , which was the biggest for any of the team 's Stanley Cup championships to that point .
The Penguins won the cup Sunday against the Nashville Predators with a 2-0 win in Game 6 . And judging from signs and chants from the crowd , this championship was sweetened by the adversity the team overcame .
Playoff MVP and Penguins captain Sidney Crosby was knocked out for the better part of two games with a concussion against the Washington Capitals , and the Penguins played without their best defenseman , Kris Letang , who had neck surgery before the playoffs .
As the players took the stage to PPG Paints Arena announcer Ryan Mill 's introductions , fans also learned that Ian Cole , another defenseman , played through a broken hand and broken ribs . And Brian Bonino , who broke his leg blocking a shot but still finished Game 2 of the finals before missing the rest , hobbled around on crutches while taking selfies with fans .
A couple of bittersweet story lines punctuated the festivities : 40-year-old veteran Matt Cullen , who has won two Cups since joining the Penguins as a free agent last season , has hinted he might retire , prompting fans to chant , `` One more year ! '' And , perhaps the best story of the playoffs was how former starting goalie Marc-Andre Fleury regained that job when rookie Matt Murray was injured during warm-ups in the first game of the playoffs . Fleury was in net for nine of the 16 victories the Penguins needed to win the Cup before Murray returned from injury to replace Fleury after a shaky third-round game against Ottawa and was in net for Pittsburgh 's final seven playoff wins .
Fleury , one of the most popular Penguins with fans and teammates , is likely to leave when the new Las Vegas franchise drafts its players or in an offseason trade .
Phil Kessel , another fan favorite since the Penguins acquired him from Toronto two seasons ago , drew some of the biggest cheers .
Fan Kristen Pearce , of Green Bay , Wisconsin , drove down to honor Kessel , a Wisconsin native , and was lucky enough to have him autograph her jersey and her sign , which read , `` We drove from Wisconsin to see our Stanley Cup champion ! ''
Some fans lined up the night before , and most waited several hours for the parade to start .
Karla and Don Donahue drove 30 miles from Freeport to claim their seats in Point State Park at 2:30 a.m . This was the third victory parade for the Donahues , who also attended in 2009 and 2016 .
Karla Donahue said if they are n't at the games they 're watching on TV .
`` If we 're somewhere else , it 's on the radio , '' she said . `` We have n't missed a game in years . ''
The Penguins also won the Cup in 1991 and 1992 . They became the first team to repeat as champions since the Detroit Red Wings did it in 1997 and 1998 .
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws
0:49 Morro Bay police share details of homicide investigation
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:33 How to grill ribs : Tips from The Rib Line 's kitchen
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Former Strictly star Kirsty Gallacher was left 'devastated ' when she was arrested for drink-driving while travelling to pick up her two children .
The 41-year-old was stopped by police in Eton , Berkshire , on her way to ex-husband 's home to collect their sons .
She was detained by police after reportedly failing a breathalyzer test at around 11.30am , reports the Mirror .
She was kept in custody for hours without her family knowing what was happening , it was reported .
( Image : PA )
A source told The Sun : `` Kirsty is incredibly upset . She spent several hours in police custody , which was a horrible experience .
`` Her friends and family were n't able to talk to her , so they had no idea exactly what had happened , though they had learned why she was arrested . ''
The unnamed source added : `` She is now back at home but is still recovering from the shock . And she is , of course , very worried about what the consequences of this might be . ''
Kirsty was released on bail and is due to appear at Slough Magistrates ' Court on 4 September .
( Image : Handout )
Thames Valley Police said : `` Kirsty Gallacher , aged 41 , was charged last night with one count of driving a motor vehicle when alcohol level was above the legal limit . ''
In 2016 Kirsty told OK ! magazine : `` As a woman , you kind of come into your own in your late thirties and forties . You know yourself and you know what you want .
`` I feel great – I 'm at a good point in my life . ''
Previously , Kirsty split from her ex after 15 years together and four years of marriage .
Kirsty 's rep declined to comment when approached .
'IT ' TEEN : Alstonville local Nicholas Hamilton will be seen in some exciting film projects this year including the hyped remake of Stephen King 's IT .
'IT ' TEEN : Alstonville local Nicholas Hamilton will be seen in some exciting film projects this year including the hyped remake of Stephen King 's IT . Marc Stapelberg
TWO weeks after coming from Los Angeles , back to his life in Alstonville , Hollywood star and lcoal teen Nicholas Hamilton is still dealing with the tidewave of exposure after the release to the film It and some of the consequences of the project 's success .
It , the adaptation of Stephen King 's book into cinema , wowed the global box office with a massive $ 179 million on it first weekend .
The film scared off The Exorcist 's 44 year-old record to become the highest grossing horror film of all time , breaking the $ 500 million in September .
The success of It has prompted the studio behind the film , New Line Cinema , to fast-track a sequel , which has already been given a September 2019 release date .
Nicholas Hamilton , 17 , born in Lismore and an Alstonville High Year 12 student played Henry Bowers , the mullet-doning bully of the film .
Are you surprised by the level of success of the film ?
It 's awesome but it is more than what any of us expected .
Even now , I 'm still tying to get my head around it .
For a movie made on a budget of US $ 35 million , to make US $ 550 million in the first month is properly insane .
But you knew there was a lot of expectation around the film , right ?
Yeah , we knew , but I think the first confirmation that the film was going to be OK was when Stephen King watched it and sent out a tweet saying it was up to his standards and he really liked it .
After that , if everyone else in the world had hated it , we would have been OK with it .
What kind of feedback have you got after this film ?
I try not to read reviews but I get feedback via social media .
The main questions I get is whether Henry will be back in Chapter 2 .
Obviously that 's not a question I can answer yet , because I do n't know .
Are you involved in Chapter 2 ?
I do n't know at all . The script is currently being written , so nobody but the scriptwriter really knows . It will be as much of a surprise to me as to anyone else .
So what are you working on at the moment ?
There is definitely some stuff in the pipeline , but nothing I can talk about yet .
I keep getting auditions and I love keeping busy .
I 'd be happy to work in Australia , or overseas , as soon as the project offers me an interesting character and it has a good plot , something that I am really exciting to do .
I 've been doing auditions for film and TV , I 'm not fuzzy either way , as soon as the character is complex and layered , I am happy to do it .
What has been the most memorable off-screen moment of your Hollywood experience so far ?
While we were filing It , the cast of Captain Fantastic ( 2016 ) was nominated to a SAG award , so we flew to Los Angeles and one of my fellow It cast members , Finn Wolfhard , is also in Stranger Thing and they werre also nominated , so both crews met .
That night I met Meryl Streep wich was just insane . She said she watched our movie and loved it .
Stuff like that takes your breath away , that people I have watched all my life know I exist is properly insane .
How do you reconcile that with coming back to Alstonville ?
This time it 's definitely been different . I came back from Los Angeles two weeks ago to the last week of Term Three at school .
I arrived on a Friday , went to school on Monday , and it was a massive difefrence and this time , for some reason , I felt it more this time , maybe because It was such a big project .
I am definitely going to live in L.A. in the future , there is no doubt about that , but having these moments here with my family and my friends , and just being Nick , is something that I need and I enjoy having .
You did your first sexy photoshoot at age 17 for online magazine Rawpages recently , how did that feel ?
( Laughs ) It was difficult but I had fun with it . I saw it as an acting job and went with that . Fans see you as an adult , not as a child .
It 's hard to explain but I love playing something that I am not , because I do n't go through life trying to be a sexy character , but I have to admit it was a fun experience .
By Benjamin Njokwu
RISING actors including , Paul Utomi , Tope Tedela Vanessa Nzediegwu are set to leave a big mark on the silver screen as they premiere their suspense-filled romantic drama thriller , ‘ What Lies Within . '
The young and talented filmmakers have previously excelled with Tedela 's acting in ‘ Slow Country ' winning Best Actor in African Magic Viewers ' Choice Award ( AMVCA ) while Nzediegwu and Utomi have both show class in Mnet Productions , Edge Of Paradise and Hush , respectively .
‘ What Lies Within ' is a product of the hard work of A Cool Story Picture , Cornucopia Productions , VeeBlu Productions and Kukuruku Inc . The soon-to-be-released flick chronicles 24 hours in the lives of two women as they are thrust into the centre of an incident that could have far reaching consequences on their lives and loves ones . The movie touches on themes of trauma , betrayal and domestic violence .
Directed by Vanessa Nzediegwu , the movie features an ensemble cast including Michelle Dede , Kiki Omeili , Paul Utomi , Ken Erics Ugo , Okey Uzoeshi , Tope Tedela , Vanessa Nzediegwu , Odenike , Ebele Okaro and Yaw .
Ahead of its anticipated release in Cinemas on September 8 , a colourful premiere to be attended by the crème de la crème is planned to hold on Thursday , August 31 . Speaking about the movie , Vanessa said “ Making What Lies Within was n't easy but directing it was quite an experience . We tried to tell a simple and enjoyable story that explores quite a few themes and we hope people find it interesting . ”
“ It was a scary and exhilarating experience making this film and I 'm really glad that the film will be out soon for everyone to see , ” added co-producer Utomi .
Watch Zola confirm his resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
John Terry is leaving Chelsea at the end of the season and boss Steve Bruce has opened the door for a switch to Aston Villa .
When asked about the news that the long-serving centre-half is to leave Stamford Bridge when the season ends , Bruce joked :
“ Well he can come to us if he wants .
`` In fact I might just get on the phone right now ! ”
It was a tongue-in-cheek reply , of course as Bruce was reflecting on a second successive 3-1 defeat .
Villa were undone by promotion-chasing Fulham , just 48 hours after losing to Reading at Villa Park .
Bruce will be looking for defensive reinforcements in the summer and Terry would be a player he would welcome with open arms .
The chances of him moving to Villa appear slim at this stage , though , as a host of other clubs will be interested in his services and Terry is yet to decide on where his next move may be .
Lucas Moura
Paris : Paris Saint-Germain winger Lucas jokes that the only way to stop Lionel Messi is “ to tie him up . ”
The Brazilian can afford to laugh for he does n't have to defend against Messi on Tuesday night , when Barcelona arrive for the first leg of their Champions League match .
PSG 's quest for European success has developed a frustrating pattern , ending at the quarter-finals in the past four seasons .
That led to coach Laurent Blanc being fired and replaced by Unai Emery .
Yet PSG still face the prospect of doing worse than last year unless they find a way past Barcelona . It feels like now or never for a PSG side enjoying massive investment from Qatari backers , QSI , since their takeover in June 2011 .
“ That 's what is missing for us , ” Lucas told The Associated Press in a recent interview . “ We need to win something in Europe . ”
Last season 's elimination against Manchester City cost Blanc his job despite back-to-back domestic trebles and a hefty new contract signed just months before . It showed just how ruthless PSG 's owners are in their desire to join Europe 's elite .
“ ( Losing to City ) was difficult to take because we knew we could win , ” Lucas told the AP . “ I do n't know what was missing . ”
Losing to Barcelona in the 2013 and 2015 quarter-finals was less unexpected . Knocking out the Catalan giants this time would send out a strong message .
Easier said than done against Messi , Neymar and Luis Suarez — a dream attack mixing skill , subtlety , cunning , speed , power , aggression and devastating finishing .
“ No team is unbeatable , but of course for me they are the favourites , ” Lucas said . “ They are the best team in the world , you have to respect them . ”
Messi is playing some of the best football of his career — though that seems to happen most seasons .
If it is possible for a five-time Golden Ball winner to get even better , then Messi is finding a way at the age of 29 . The Argentine magician is conjuring up brilliant free kicks , either curling them into top corner with his unique casual brilliance or with power and precision .
Another weapon in an already huge armory that has produced nearly 500 goals for club and 57 for country .
Messi is the Champions League 's top scorer this season with 10 goals in five games , having missed one .
Asked how to stop Messi , Lucas laughs .
“ Legally ? ” he asks . “ For me it 's impossible to stop him . You have to tie him up . ”
More seriously , Lucas says , there is no point trying to man-mark a player whose mind works even faster than his feet , and who is as elusive as a ghost .
“ The tactic is preventing the ball getting to him , ” Lucas said . “ You must be very , very organised . ”
Then there 's Suarez — who has scored in each of his last six games — and Neymar .
The 24-year-old Lucas , who has 34 caps for Brazil , fills with pride when speaking about his countryman Neymar .
“ It 's great for our country to see him doing well there , and me doing well here , ” said Lucas , who is enjoying his fifth — and best — season with PSG . “ He 's a great example . I 'm happy for him , for everything he 's doing there and in the national team as well . ”
Neymar , who already has 50 goals for Brazil , is touted as Messi 's eventual successor by many observers .
“ I do n't think he can be like Messi , because every player has their own style and their own history , ” Lucas said . “ But I think that , after Messi , he can become a great , great player as well and write a great history for Barcelona . ”
Asked if Barcelona has weaknesses , Lucas agrees but does n't say what they are .
The solution for PSG against Barcelona could be attack as the best form of defence .
Neither of Barcelona 's goalkeepers — Dutchman Jasper Cillessen and German Marc-Andre ter Stegen — is commanding in the air . Some defenders are vulnerable , which puts too much pressure on reliable stalwarts Gerard Pique and Javier Mascherano .
France centre half Samuel Umtiti and international teammate Lucas Digne ( left back ) are in their first seasons with Barcelona . Veteran Jeremy Mathieu has experience — five seasons with Valencia and this is his third with Barça — but he is easy to turn and error-prone .
Barcelona struggles against high balls on corners and free kicks — which just happens to be PSG 's strong point .
PSG has outstanding headers of the ball in centre forward Edinson Cavani — who has 33 goals this season — and captain Thiago Silva .
“ That can be a weapon , ” Lucas said . “ We have to make the most of that . ”
— AP
CAIRO - Egyptian archaeologists on Saturday unveiled the tomb of an Old Kingdom priestess adorned with well-preserved and rare wall paintings .
Antiquities Minister Khaled al-Enany told reporters that the tomb on the Giza plateau near Cairo was built for Hetpet , a priestess to Hathor , the goddess of fertility , who assisted women in childbirth .
The tomb was found during excavation work in Giza 's western cemetery by a team of Egyptian archaeologists led by Mostafa Waziri , secretary general of the Supreme Council of Antiquities .
The antiquities ministry said the cemetery houses tombs of top officials from the Old Kingdom 's Fifth Dynasty ( 2465-2323 BC ) , and that several have already been dug up since 1842 .
The newly discovered tomb `` has the architectural style and the decorative elements of the Fifth Dynasty , with an entrance leading to an ' L ' shaped shrine '' , the ministry said .
`` The tomb has very distinguished wall paintings in a very good conservation condition depicting Hetpet standing in different hunting and fishing scenes or ... receiving offerings from her children , '' it said .
The paintings also show scenes of musical and dancing performances as well as two scenes featuring monkeys -- domestic animals at the time -- one picking and eating fruit and the other dancing in front of an orchestra .
Waziri said the paintings were unusual .
`` Such scenes are rare ... and have only been found previously in the ( Old Kingdom ) tomb of 'Ka-Iber ' where a painting shows a monkey dancing in front of a guitarist not an orchestra , '' he said .
That tomb is located in Saqqara , a necropolis about 20 kilometres ( 12 miles ) south of Cairo .
Enany told reporters the new tomb includes `` a purification basin on which are engraved the name of the tomb 's owner and her titles '' .
`` A German expedition had found in 1909 a collection of antiquities carrying this lady 's name , or a lady who has the same name , and these antiquities were moved to the Berlin museum at the time , '' he said .
`` And 109 years later , we find this tomb that carries Hetpet 's name . ''
Waziri said archaeologists will continue to excavate the site and hope to make new discoveries .
Commvault Powers New HPE GreenLake Backup Solution
Hewlett Packard Enterprise is using the Commvault Data Platform to power its new HPE GreenLake Backup solution . Commvault 's software is pre-integrated on HPE servers , storage , and networking technology to provide enterprise customers with reliable backup and data protection .
The HPE GreenLake Backup system is actually an end-to-end backup service , deployed on-premises in the customer 's own data center for greater privacy protection than a cloud deployment can provide . Since it is provided through HPE 's flexible IT consumption service , it comes with flexible pricing , similar to cloud offerings .
On-Premise Security , Cloud-Like Agility
Used in combination with HPE GreenLake Backup , Commvault says its solution will simplify the backup experience for customers by providing the necessary hardware , software , and services to meet data protection & government compliance challenges , which are constantly changing .
The combined solution provides the simplicity and flexibility of a public cloud offering with the security and performance benefits of on-premises backup .
Lower Costs , Lower Risk
Commvault chief N. Robert Hammer said the combined solution will help enterprise IT departments lower their operational expenses and reduce risks related to security , business continuity , and regulatory compliance .
Ana Pinczuk , SVP and GM of HPE Pointnext , elaborated on that point , describing the joint technology as a complete 'pay as you go ' backup solution that reduces the burdens of provisioning backups and managing data growth .
The service can run on HPE StoreOnce or HPE 3PAR Storage , giving organizations instant backup capacity , within the control and security of their own data center . It can be deployed ahead of time and ready to be activated when needed .
Analysts ' Insights
IT analysts at Forrester recently recognized Commvault as having the top-ranked current offering for data resiliency , ahead of competitors including IBM , Actifio , Veeam , Veritas , Dell EMC , and Micro Focus .
The Forrester Wave Q3'2017 report on Data Resiliency gave Commvault the highest score among all vendors for platform support and customer feedback .
Commvault has also been highly rated by Gartner -- positioned as a `` Leader '' for 7 straight years in the Gartner Magic Quadrant report on data center backup and recovery solutions .
Stunning comeback salvages draw for Hampstead & Westminster
Sam French scored a last-minute equaliser for Hampstead & Wesminster at Brooklands . Picture : MARK CLEWS Archant
Two goals in the final six minutes saw Hampstead & Westminster Hockey Club salvage a 3-3 draw at Brooklands Manchester University to salvage a 3-3 draw .
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in .
Hayley Turner got Hampstead & Westminster 's only goal in the defeat at Harleston Magpies . Picture : MARK CLEWS Hayley Turner got Hampstead & Westminster 's only goal in the defeat at Harleston Magpies . Picture : MARK CLEWS
Trailing 3-1 Sam French started the comeback with a clam finish before waves of pressure brought a penalty corner in the final minute and Matt Guise-Brown slammed in the equalising goal .
Micheal Watt had opened the scoring for the visitors on 10 minutes .
Both teams had won their first Men 's Hockey League Premier Division game after the winter break and Hampstead were looking to cement their place in the top four .
Hampstead started the game well with Guise-Brown and Richard Smith distributing well from the back and the midfield linking up nicely to create a great deal of pressure on the home side .
But following Watt 's opener Hampstead seemed to struggle to keep hold of the ball and . as they so often do , Brooklands soaked up the pressure and launched a number of swift counter attacks .
They got their reward on 33 minutes with a penalty corner that was struck high into the net at the second attempt by Peter Flanagan .
Following the break the Manchester side were the quicker to settle and after several rash challenges from H & W , and the cards to go with them , Brooklands converted two penalty corners in quick succession .
But Hampstead rallied well and putting together some of their best hockey of the game , with long flowing moves and a pace the game had lacked since the break , the comeback was started and completed in stunning style .
It was n't enough to keep them in the top four as Beeston have jumped ahead of them .
And it is the Nottingham side who are next up for Hampstead when they travel to London on Sunday .
In the Investec Women 's Hockey League Conference East , the ladies were up against Harleston Magpies , the side directly above them in the table .
And they started slowly after the long drive and got caught out just eight minutes into the first half from a short corner .
And it got worse just 60 seconds later as the Magpies added a second .
It needed a change in the second half and it got one as Hampstead came out with plenty of fighting spirit .
Hayley Turner pulled one back 10 minutes into the half following some great team play but although they dominated possession they could find a second .
It was n't for the want of trying with many chances and two disallowed goals but it ended 2-1 and leaves them in fourth .
Brother ‘ begged Kim Jong-un to spare his life '
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Students and adults witness the quarrel between the custodians , who were hired through an outside agency
Harding University Partnership School went into lockdown for about 12 minutes Monday afternoon after two temporary custodians got into a heated argument , according to the Santa Barbara Unified School District .
Some students and adults witnessed the argument , which resulted in one custodian brandishing a pipe at the other .
One of the custodians has worked at the school for a month , the other for two weeks . Both were hired through a job placement agency that conducts background checks on the employees , and there have been no other incidents with temporary employees hired through that agency , the district said in a statement .
Only the more recent hire will return to work at Harding , said Barbara Keyani , administrative services coordinator for the district .
Principal Sally Kingston initiated the lockdown , called the Santa Barbara Police Department and sent a TeleParent phone message to parents Monday afternoon informing them of the lockdown .
“ The students and staff responded as they are trained to do , ” Kingston said in a statement released by the district . “ The safety of our students and staff is our top priority , and I am proud of their immediate response to emergency procedures . ”
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
3:01
Town hall asks Rep. Chaffetz 'what is your line in the sand ? ' regarding Trump
Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz ( 11 ) throws a pass under pressure fro Dallas Cowboys defensive end David Irving ( 95 ) during the first half of an NFL football game at Lincoln Financial Field on Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 , in Philadelphia . ( Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News ) ORG XMIT : DMN1701011411051972
`` We 're a very vanilla-based defense , '' Church said . `` He basically calls it bone on bone , man on man and the No . 1 rule we have in the rush room ( the defensive lineman room ) is won your one-on-ones . That 's the way he 's going to get pass rush . ''
`` Marinelli always tells us rush and cover , they work together , '' Church said in an interview Monday with 105.3 The Fan . `` Our pass rush started to come along toward the end of the season I feel like , and I feel like they 're going to keep progressing as it goes on and hopefully if I do stay here it 'll make my job easier . ''
Cowboys safety Barry Church does n't know if Dallas will re-sign him for 2017 . He 's one of nine defensive free agents including cornerbacks Brandon Carr and Mo Claiborne as well as defensive tackle Terrell McClain who the Cowboys will have to make decisions on .
The Cowboys have lost some key pass rushers , including defensive end Randy Gregory who 's suspended for all of 2017 for violating the league 's substance abuse police . Defensive end DeMarcus Lawrence , who resurfaced after suspension late in 2016 , could be hampered by his second-straight offseason needing surgery .
Among the Cowboys who can step up is 6-7 defensive lineman David Irving . Irving started the season slow but tallied some dominant games including his 19-snap performance at Green Bay in October ( four tackles , a sack , a stuff , three forced fumbles and a pass deflection ) and his dismantling of Detroit quarterback Matt Stafford ( three tackles , 1.5 sacks , a forced fumble and a pass deflection ) .
Against Tampa 's Jameis Winston , too , Irving shined . Irving totaled five quarterback hits in the 42-21 Dallas win , noting after the game that `` it 's all coming together . ''
`` I felt like pass rushing was always the hardest thing for me , '' the Iowa State product said of his technique . `` I missed out on a lot of training , got past my whole life by just being big and athletic so I really did n't have to work technique . But now I 'm in the NFL where everyone 's big and athletic and bigger than me , stronger than me , so technique really comes into play . ''
Irving was n't consistent across 2016 . In the playoffs , notably , he had just one tackle and no other impact plays when Aaron Rodgers got the best of Dallas . But Church says Irving has n't unleashed his potential yet . And he believes Irving is trending up .
`` Oh it 's unbelievable , it 's like night and day , '' Church said of Irving 's improvement . `` If you look at him , you always see the potential he has . He 's like 7-9 with an unbelievable wing span , but he just turned it on a couple games this year . He has the potential to be unstoppable , but hopefully he can tap into that . ''
Church hopes to be watching Irving 's ascent from the Cowboys sideline in 2017 .
`` We 're starting to flow as a defense , '' he said . `` I would love to stay here . This is my home basically , but we 'll see what happens in the offseason . ''
Which defensive free agents do you want the Cowboys to re-sign ?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United could axe a number of seniors of players this summer with Luke Shaw topping the list , according to The Mirror .
The left-back was substituted midway through the FA Cup win over Brighton on Saturday casting further doubt over his future .
Shaw is one player currently under threat as United look to rebuild in the summer . Daley Blind , Matteo Darmian and Marouane Fellaini are also set to leave this summer , along with veteran duo Michael Carrick and Zlatan Ibrahimovic .
Reports this morning explain how United boss Jose Mourihno took a fresh swipe at his under-performing players with the exception of the Serbian midfielder Nemanja Matic , who made the opening goal and scored the second himself .
Read the full story here .
More : Cryptic message
Alexis Sanchez has posted a cryptic message on Instagram after being dropped for Manchester United 's FA Cup victory over Brighton .
Sanchez was left out of the quarter final tie which was settled by goals from Romelu Lukaku and Nemanja Matic .
Sanchez has been struggling for form in recent weeks after joining United from Arsenal in January .
And Old Trafford boss Jose Mourinho opted to restrict Sanchez to a place on the bench .
When asked why Sanchez was dropped , Mourinho truthfully told BT Sport : `` It 's just the team that I think is the best team to try to win the match .
`` We do n't have a match in two days or a reason to think about another match .
`` This is the only match to think about and I 'm playing the players that I believe deserve to play . ''
Sanchez has scored just once in 10 appearances since trading places with Henrikh Mkhitaryan , and some United fans seemed pleased that he had been dropped , reports the Mirror .
Sanchez posted updates to Instagram stories from his private workstation while singing La fine by Tiziano Ferro .
( Image : Alexis Sanchez/Instagram )
But the Chile international also uploaded something quite cryptic , a clip from the 1990 film Rocky V .
The particular scene Sanchez filmed was Mickey 's inspiring speech to Rocky , where the coach reveals the boxer is his reason for living and he 'll train him the best he can .
Make of that what you will .
Meanwhile , Sanchez has been blasted by Alan Shearer as the former Arsenal favourite struggles to settle in at United .
Sanchez has failed to live up to his billing since joining from the Gunners .
And BBC Match of the Day pundit Shearer admits the Chilean playmaker looks like a different player from the one who sparkled at the Emirates .
Writing in a column for bookmakers Coral , Shearer said : `` They signed Alexis Sanchez and it looks like they have got his twin brother .
`` He looks like the little boy the lost . It is the coach 's job to get the best out of the players . ''
Shearer also criticised Mourinho and said the Old Trafford boss must take responsibility for his under-performing stars .
`` When you look at the players they had on the pitch against Sevilla , the likes of Lukaku , Sanchez and Rashford , they had enough quality on the pitch and they should have been able to get the win in front of their home supporters , '' he added .
`` United knew what they were getting when they signed Mourinho , a man who has an arrogance about him but delivers trophies .
`` It might not be pretty at times but he gets you trophies just like he did last season . Having said all that , the football they have been playing has not been entertaining at all . ''
Manchester United supporters will be interested in Raphael Varane 's comments
Varane comments
Manchester United are interested in Real Madrid defender Raphael Varane - according to the player himself .
The Sun cite an interview on Spanish radio in which Varane admits there has been contact with the Old Trafford club .
The French defender is one of the most highly-rated in the world and Jose Mourinho is claimed to be a huge fan .
The 24-year-old was signed for Real by the United boss and when asked about contact from Mourinho , he told El Larguero : “ No , not directly . There were contacts , but not directly . ”
Mourinho 's main priority is known to be midfield but he has yet to settle on a steady first choice centre back pairing with Eric Bailly now fit again , Phil Jones , Chris Smalling and Victor Lindelof all having played .
…Discussions centred on global oil market
By Michael Eboh
Secretary General of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Country , OPEC , Mr. Mohammad Sanusi Barkindo , Monday , visited President Muhammadu Buhari in London and declared that the President has made a remarkable recovery .
According to a statement by OPEC , Barkindo and Buhari reviewed current oil market conditions and the implementation of the OPEC-non-OPEC ‘ Declaration of Cooperation ' .
The statement noted that Buhari expressed his satisfaction with the steady progress being made by all participating countries in the ‘ Declaration of Cooperation ' , and urged them to remain focused and resolute .
Buhari also commended the Secretary General for the landmark decisions taken in both 2016 and 2017 , and for the significant turnaround in OPEC since he assumed office in August of last year .
The statement noted that the President has been following events within OPEC and the oil market with keen interest , especially as he was once Minister of Petroleum for Nigeria and had represented Nigeria in OPEC for several years .
Vote For Minnesota 's Best Hard Cider The air 's getting crisp , every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock , and fall is sweeping into Minnesota !
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend . Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions . While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules , for other activities a weekend guide can be useful .
SALT LAKE CITY , Utah ( KSL/CNN ) — It may have weighed only 2 1/2 pounds and stood about 6 inches tall , but the discovery of a half mammal , half reptile 's skull in eastern Utah has huge implications for geologic timelines .
The skull of the new species , Cifelliodon wahkarmoosuch , came from a snout-bearing , catlike animal with buck teeth and molars for crushing plants .
Its discovery is evidence that the super-continental split of Pangea likely occurred more recently than scientists previously thought — 15 million years later — and that a group of reptile-like mammals experienced an unsuspected burst of evolution across several continents .
“ Based on the unlikely discovery of this near-complete fossil cranium , we now recognize a new , cosmopolitan group of early mammal relatives , ” said Adam Huttenlocker , lead author of the study and assistant professor of clinical integrative anatomical sciences at the Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern California .
The study was published in the journal Nature on May 16 and updates the understanding of how mammals evolved and dispersed across major continents during the age of dinosaurs .
This creature , although it was covered in hair and suckled its young , laid eggs like the modern-day platypus .
“ For a long time , we thought early mammals from the Cretaceous ( 145 million to 66 million years ago ) were anatomically similar and not ecologically diverse , ” Huttenlocker said . “ This finding by our team and others reinforce that , even before the rise of modern mammals , ancient relatives of mammals were exploring specialty niches : insectivores , herbivores , carnivores , swimmers , gliders . Basically , they were occupying a variety of niches that we see them occupy today . ”
Andrew R.C . Milner , a paleontologist at the St. George Dinosaur Discovery Site at Johnson Farm , discovered the skull site on Bureau of Land Management Lands northeast of Arches National Park . Later paleontologists unexpectedly found the skull in the lab under the foot of a new iguanodont dinosaur called Hippodraco .
The fossil discovery emphasizes that these type of animals and some other vertebrate groups existed globally during the Jurassic-Cretaceous transition , meaning the corridors for migration via Pangean landmasses remained intact into the Early Cretaceous .
Most of the Jurassic and Cretaceous fossils of these type of animals are from the Triassic and Jurassic of Europe , Greenland and Asia .
David Grossnickle and Julia Schultz , from the University of Chicago , contributed to the study , as well Jim Kirkland , state paleontologist with the Utah Geological Survey .
The specimen was found on Bureau of Land Management lands and is held in public trust at the Natural History Museum of Utah , where it is on display in the museum 's Past Worlds Gallery .
The federal government provided $ 300 for the research . The remainder was supported by the state of Utah .
( The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved . )
MEDIA RELEASE
Hawaii , HI , August 14- Average retail gasoline prices in Hawaii have risen 8.5 cents per gallon in the past week , averaging $ 3.40/g yesterday , according to GasBuddy 's daily survey of 355 gas outlets in Hawaii . This compares with the national average that has not moved in the last week to $ 2.34/g , according to gasoline price website GasBuddy.com .
Including the change in gas prices in Hawaii during the past week , prices yesterday were 69.9 cents per gallon higher than the same day one year ago and are 14.8 cents per gallon higher than a month ago . The national average has increased 9.8 cents per gallon during the last month and stands 22.4 cents per gallon higher than this day one year ago .
According to GasBuddy historical data , gasoline prices on August 14 in Hawaii have ranged widely over the last five years :
$ 2.70/g in 2016 , $ 3.18/g in 2015 , $ 4.31/g in 2014 , $ 4.33/g in 2013 and $ 4.16/g in 2012 .
Areas near Hawaii and their current gas price climate :
Alaska- $ 2.89/g , up 8.1 cents per gallon from last week 's $ 2.81/g .
Anchorage- $ 2.63/g , down 0.4 cents per gallon from last week 's $ 2.63/g .
Honolulu- $ 2.88/g , up 2.4 cents per gallon from last week 's $ 2.86/g .
“ For the fourth straight week gasoline prices have risen , pushing the national average this week to its highest level of the summer so far , ” said Patrick DeHaan , senior petroleum analyst for GasBuddy . “ There are some signs , however , that we may be nearing a short-term peak as the climb in gasoline prices has begun to slow . The number of states seeing gas prices decline versus a week ago rose to its highest level in three weeks , a sign that gas prices have in these areas have caught up to the rise in oil prices . While that sign alone does n't guarantee lower prices , it suggests that fewer price increases are in store as stations await oil 's next move . Last week saw oil prices fluctuate little until Friday , when prices fell and closed the week under $ 49 per barrel , with many ‘ wait and see ' factors weighing on the market , such as the Venezuela situation , hurricane season and declining U.S. oil inventories . ”
For Hawaii Island gas prices and trends visit — www.hawaii247.com/gas
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A knife-wielding teenager behind a spate of terrifying armed attacks on cabbies has been locked up for ten years .
Mohammed Abdurahman , 19 , booked cabs under fake names so he could ambush the drivers .
He used CS spray on one terrified victim , while two drivers were bundled into the back seat of their own vehicles before they were attacked and driven away .
Abdurahman was behind three robberies in Bartley Green between last October and December .
The teenager and accomplices threatened a driver at knifepoint before taking two expensive mobile phones , cash and other equipment in Corn Mill Grove on the evening of October 27 .
Three days later , the second victim was punched in the face and dragged to an ATM at knifepoint before his phone , money and Volkswagen Touran were taken .
( Photo : Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images )
It happened after a taxi had been booked to take one passenger from Mill Lane to the city centre .
On the third occasion , again in Mill Lane on December 8 , Abdurahman claimed he wanted to go to Heartlands Hospital but made the driver get out the car and let off CS spray in his face .
The victim was then driven to a secluded area where Abduraham made off with an Apple Watch .
His two accomplices fled with a mobile phone and satnav .
Checks of CCTV and links on social media led officers to Abdurahman and he was arrested at his home in Rush Green , Bartley Green , on December 10 .
He tried to hide the stolen watch but officers found it and linked it to the last victim .
Abdurahman initially denied any involvement in police interview but later admitted three charges of robbery , two of kidnapping , and having offensive weapons .
He was sentenced at Birmingham Crown Court .
Investigations continue into the others involved in the robberies .
New regulations for cabbies
Det Con Darren Lennox , of Force CID , said : “ These were terrifying experiences for the three victims who were out and about doing their normal business .
“ These were particularly violent robberies where Abdurahman played a lead role .
“ He initially refused to accept responsibility for these horrible crimes , but the weight of evidence built up against him .
“ This sentence should serve as a strong warning that such behaviour will not be tolerated . ”
EUGENE , Ore. ( AP ) – University of Oregon President Michael Schill is announcing a new anonymous gift of $ 50 million in his annual State of the University address .
The Eugene Register-Guard reports ( http : //bit.ly/2xXvMa7 ) the donation comes with an unusual feature – the anonymous donors have not earmarked the money , provided over the next five years , for any specific program or initiative .
The money will be used exclusively for “ strategic investments , ” however , not for ongoing university operating costs .
ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( AP ) – Officials say seven bears have died in Alaska this year in defense of life and property shootings .
KTVA-TV reported ( http : //bit.ly/2szBlZG ) Tuesday two bears were fatally shot overnight in separate incidents .
Alaska Department of Fish and Game Spokesperson Ken Marsh says there were reportedly three black bears on the owner 's property in one incident , but Marsh says he did n't know the circumstances of the shooting which killed one .
Marsh says the second shooting involved a brown bear attacking a chicken coop .
Marsh says a property owner ca n't shoot a bear simply because it is on their property . To qualify as a defense of life and property shooting , the bear has to be showing aggression , putting the resident in fear for their life , or has to be destroying property , like attacking livestock .
The Lehigh women 's basketball team ( 6-5 ) lost to LIU Brooklyn ( 4-5 ) Sunday on the road to conclude non-league play , 72-69 .
LIU Brooklyn challenged Lehigh 's defense throughout the course of the game . The Mountain Hawks put up a fight , but were ultimately unable to pull off the win .
By the end of the first quarter , the Blackbirds were only trailing behind by one point .
Sophomore Camryn Buhr scored a game-high 18 points , and freshman Mariah Sexe secured a career-high seven rebounds .
Despite the team 's efforts , Lehigh was n't able to match LIU Brooklyn 's pace , and by the end of the third quarter , fell behind its opponent by four points .
The Mountain Hawks were unable to recover .
With less than 5 seconds left on the clock in the fourth quarter , Lehigh was down by three points . Buhr took the last shot of the game , but missed the three-pointer .
The team begins Patriot League play Dec. 29 with longtime rival Lafayette College .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace forward Bakary Sako has shared a message with the Eagles supporters after suffering a season-ending injury .
The Malian international has been ruled out for the rest of the campaign after scans confirmed that he has fractured his ankle and suffered ligament damage after a challenge in the 1-1 draw against West Ham on Tuesday .
It is a blow for the player and the club , with Sako currently the Eagles ' top goalscorer this season with six goals in all competitions .
And the Palace forward has taken to social networking website Twitter to thank the fans for their support in the last few days .
In a tweet , he said : `` You may have heard the bad news , I 've suffered a fractured ankle after the challenge I received against West Ham during the last game .
`` I wanted to thank all of you for the incredible support I received since then .
`` I hope to come back the sooner possible , with God 's help . ''
The city also approves a measure to designate a portion of the west side of Tecolote Avenue in Old Town to a 'yellow curb ' loading zone
The City of Goleta 's revenues have performed slightly better than expected , according to year-end figures .
Finance Director Tina Rivera said Tuesday afternoon that totals for things such as bed tax , licensing fees and other revenue came in about $ 173,000 above projections . Underspending by city departments also resulted in further savings , ultimately resulting in an unassigned reserve ending balance that was $ 427,427 higher than anticipated .
Sales , property and transient occupancy tax trends showed fairly steep dips throughout the worst years of the recession , but rebounds that in some cases were better than expected . Rivera said only time will tell whether any or all of the income improvements are one-time deals or signs of better times ahead . Carryover costs are also expected to count in the next fiscal year , as expenses .
There are reasons to be optimistic , according to City Councilman Michael Bennett , who noted that starting next year , the city 's revenue neutrality agreement with Santa Barbara County will revert all of its bed tax to the city , where currently , a large portion is passed on to the county . The addition of several hotels in the near future , as well as Bacara Resort & Spa 's new ownership , also might affect the bed taxes collected in the city .
Also on Tuesday afternoon , the City Council , acting as the Redevelopment Agency , approved a measure that would redesignate a portion of the west side of Tecolote Avenue in Old Town Goleta to a “ yellow curb ” loading zone . Additionally , a red curb will be installed in the area as well .
The parking restrictions are in response to complaints from drivers about difficulties negotiating the intersection of Hollister and Tecolote avenues when delivery trucks park in the red zone because of a lack of space in the area .
The yellow zone will be in effect from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday through Saturday .
— Noozhawk contributing writer Sonia Fernandez can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania ( WASHINGTON ) — The U.S. Supreme Court denied a GOP-led request to hold off on using a new House map for the state of Pennsylvania , meaning candidates — including Republican Rick Saccone and Democrat Conor Lamb lawmakers who recently faced off in a tough battle — in the state will run in new districts this November .
The move is a blow to Republican hopes and a boost to Democratic chances of retaking control of the House of Representatives .
It is the second time on Monday Republicans received a judicial blow from the courts . Earlier , a three-judge panel in Pennsylvania upheld the state 's new congressional map .
The Supreme Court announced , “ the application for stay presented to Justice Alito and by him referred to the Court is denied . ”
There are few legal options left for Republicans in the state . The filing deadline for House candidates is tomorrow .
Republicans in the state had filed for a stay against the new map , which was drawn by the state Supreme Court after the Democratic governor and GOP-controlled state legislature could not come to terms on a new one .
The GOP took two legal routes — one before the U.S. Supreme Court and the other before the federal panel .
They lost on both .
Democrats are expected to pick up three to five House seats under the new map , according to estimates by election experts , which would help them on their way to the 24 seats they need to retake control of the lower chamber of Congress .
The filing deadline for House candidates in Pennsylvania is Tuesday .
The three-judge panel ruled that the Republicans had no standing to make their argument . The court also noted that “ because fundamental principles of Constitutional standing and judicial restraint prohibit us from exercising jurisdiction , we have no authority to take any action other than to dismiss ” the request .
Republicans can appeal the ruling . That appeal could go to the U.S. Supreme Court .
In January , the Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered a new House map drawn , citing gerrymandered districts that favored Republicans . The GOP has been fighting the court order ever since and the U.S. Supreme Court denied an early request to put a stay on the map .
Republicans currently hold 12 of the state 's 18 congressional districts , while Democrats control just five . The special election last week for Pennsylvania 's 18th Congressional District was held under the old map .
Several GOP lawmakers found their House districts dramatically affected by the new map , including Rep. Ryan Costello , who is considering retirement , several state and national officials in GOP politics told ABC News .
His 6th Congressional District was transformed from one that Hillary Clinton won by one point in 2016 to one she would have won by nine points .
Costello has not said he is retiring and his office and campaign did not respond to ABC News ' multiple requests for comment .
Pennsylvania 's House delegation took a big hit in Republican members this year .
GOP Rep. Tim Murphy resigned after a scandal . Rep. Lou Barletta is running for Senate . And Reps. Bill Shuster , Charlie Dent and Patrick Meehan are retiring .
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Federal law enforcement gives a behind-the-scenes look at how they 're scanning truckloads of equipment heading to Super Bowl LII . Stefan Holt reports . ( Published 4 hours ago )
Federal law enforcement gives a behind-the-scenes look at how they 're scanning truckloads of equipment heading to Super Bowl LII . Stefan Holt reports . See More
About 225 teens skipped a school-organized memorial in their Pennsylvania high school 's gym Wednesday to take part in the National School Walkout against gun violence . As threatened , administrators ordered the walkouts to serve detention .
But when the first 46 teens turned up Saturday at Pennridge High School in Perkasie , Penn. , north of Philadelphia , to serve their detention , a quiet memorial and protest against gun violence broke out instead , reported The Morning Call .
Students pinned the names of gun violence victims to their clothes , then left their assigned seats to silently sit in a circle with linked arms around a collection of flowers , a video posted on social media shows .
The new Flower Power . # Pennridge225 protests # NationalWalkout detention by leaving assigned seats to hold sit in in the middle of the room . pic.twitter.com/P60vYjob7S — Anna Sophie Tinneny ( @ annatinn ) March 17 , 2018
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website , apps , the digital newspaper and more . SUBSCRIBE NOW
The National School Walkout encouraged high school and college students to leave class for 17 minutes March 14 to honor the lives lost in a Parkland , Fla. , school shooting Feb. 14 and to demand stronger gun laws . Tens of thousands of students across the U.S. participated in the event , some with permission from their schools and some without .
Pennridge High School organized an assembly March 14 in which students sat in silence for 17 minutes while a memorial slide show played , according to The Independent . While about 800 teens took part in that event , another 225 opted to leave class for a protest against gun violence outside the school .
“ Honoring the victims without trying to effect change is not good enough , ” Jayson Badal , a senior at Pennridge High School , told The Morning Call . “ It does n't do them justice . ”
Jacqueline Rattigan , Pennridge School District superintendent , told the publication that students would receive a Saturday detention for a first offense and two detentions for a second offense for taking part in the walkout . Five students who left campus to go to Dunkin ' Donuts during the walkout will receive further punishment , she said , adding that students had been warned in advance of the consequences for leaving class .
Anna Sophie Tinneny , a senior at the high school , organized the detention protest Saturday .
“ It was disappointing that our school teaches us to be like Rosa Parks and Martin Luther King Jr. , people who stood up for what they believed in . And they were n't going to let us do the same , ” she told The Morning Call . Dozens of community members held protest signs outside the school Saturday while the students , who have labeled themselves the # Pennridge225 , served their detention .
# Pennridge225 is fighting against gun violence . Saturday morning detentions are nothing if it means our voices are heard . pic.twitter.com/aiAOGCATkm — Anna Sophie Tinneny ( @ annatinn ) March 18 , 2018
Tinneny 's Twitter video on the detention protest has been viewed 27,000 times and has nearly 900 likes as of Monday morning . It has been retweetd and liked by numerous parents , activists and celebrities .
Holy shit . A Breakfast Club made up of only badasses . # Pennridge225 https : //t.co/5r4Vy9eeYo — Patton Oswalt ( @ pattonoswalt ) March 18 , 2018
Kids of # Pennridge225 , when you look back at this moment you will be on the right side of history , your teachers will not , stand strong and proud , we see you ! # NeverAgain # TheFutureIsNow https : //t.co/XdpgjiyEij — JoAnna ( @ Jojobirfday ) March 18 , 2018
As a mother of teens I 'm reading this & bawling my eyes out at your courage . Thank you , # Pennridge225 ! You , the # MSD students & all other brave students around the US will bring positive change & # GunReformNow to a reality ! # MarchForOurLives — TruthIzThis ( @ TruthIzThis ) March 18 , 2018
The administration of @ PennridgeHS gets an F for suspending these kids for exercising their 1st Amendment rights . This was a stellar Constitution teaching moment & instead they took the low road . Well , these kids took the high road standing up for what 's right . # Pennridge225 — MaDukes ( @ madukes529 ) March 18 , 2018
This is like the stories my mom used to tell us about the 60 's - sorry it took this long & this much before a generation rose up again so powerfully , in awe of these brave strong kids # GunReformNow # Pennridge225 https : //t.co/8BvsAYti1I — Dr. Mel ( @ calliope99 ) March 18 , 2018
Not everyone was as supportive , however .
I 'm ashamed to be a # Pennridge parent , the way these students are acting and the parents are acting you people are so misinformed it 's not even funny at this point any more # 2ADefenders # Trump # MAGA # Pennridge225 — NRA Member ( @ ISupportTheNRA ) March 19 , 2018
The shooting that killed 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School on Feb. 14 in Parkland , Fla. , has prompted national protests , many organized by survivors of the shooting . A national March for Our Lives has been planned for Saturday with the main march in Washington , D.C. , and satellite marches across the country .
Email Address : Password :
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet ? For instructions on how to get premium web access , click here .
Forgot your password ?
A recent University of Arizona graduate , Duarte was part of the Sigma Kappa sorority , Robert C. Robbins , the president of the university said in a statement .
“ I know I speak for the UA community in expressing our deepest condolences for Christiana 's family and in asking for their privacy to be respected , ” Robbins added .
By Godwin Oritse
THE federal government and the Tropical Wood Exporters Association of Nigeria , TWEAN , have commenced moves to stop the export of processed and semi-processed woods . Disclosing this to Vanguard in Lagos yesterday , Secretary General of TWEAN , Mr. Joseph Odiase , said that the decision to stop the export of these categories of woods was initiated by the group and supported by the forestry department of the Federal Ministry of Environment .
Odiase noted that a three year moratorium has also been given to wood exporters to prepare for eventual ban of the export of wood from Nigeria .
He explained that the idea behind the move to stop wood export is to ensure more value added wood exports .
The decision , according to him , was taken by a ministerial committee set up the immediate past Minister of Environment , Hajia Amina Mohammed in 2016 .
He stated that successful ban of wood export would lead to creation of more job opportunities in the wood industry .
“ The policy was initiated by the TWEAN because we want to do business in line with the economic policies of the government . We want to do business in line with the well being of the nation 's economy and the Nigerian people . If we continue to export processed and semi-processed woods , we will continue to miss the value that comes with fully processed woods .
“ TWEAN has asked government to allow for a three year moratorium to let exporters key into the initiative by way of bringing in more wood processing equipment , ” Odiase said . He noted that more wood factories have been set up across the country , adding that only finished wood products will be allowed for export from next year .
Confirming the development , Mr Audu Ochuma , a Deputy Comptroller of Customs in charge of export at the Tin-Can Island port in Lagos , said that the agency had received a directive to stop the exportation of processed or semi-processed woods early next year ( 2019 ) .
DANIA BEACH , Fla. - Grampa 's Bakery and Restaurant is a very popular place that has been opened in Dania Beach for 60 years .
But last week , a state inspector ordered the kitchen shut after a roach issue was found . The inspection indicates the roach issue is a repeat violation .
There was also mold in the ice machine , the report stated .
Kiko 's Japanese & Thai in The Fountains in Plantation and Sea Grill in the Intracoastal Mall in North Miami Beach were both ordered shut as well after roach issues were found .
State records show inspectors have been back to Kiko 's to re-inspect several times , but violations still exist .
Meanwhile , rodent issues were found at Kisses from Italy in Wyndham Sea Gardens Hotel in Pompano Beach .
Below is a list of places that were ordered shut and some of their violations .
As of this post , Kiko 's has not been allowed to re-open . All the other places have been allowed to re-open following an ordered cleanup and then a re-inspection .
* * * Grampa 's Bakery and Restaurant
17 SW First St .
Dania Beach
Inspection based on complaint
Ordered shut May 24
22 violations found
`` Roach activity present as evidenced by live roaches found . 1 ) 1 live at white shelves under front counter . 2 ) 1 live at walk in cooler door . 3 ) 1 live at ware washing storage area . Cleaned areas . ''
`` Dead roaches on premises . 1 . 70 dead at front counter of bakery . 2 . 1 dead under phone at front counter . 3 ) 30 fresh dead under soda fountain at front counter . 4 ) 1 dead at wait station . 5 ) 1 dead at bottom shelf of prep table . 6 ) 1 dead at bottom shelf storage area in bakery . All areas cleaned . * * Repeat Violation * * . ''
`` Stop Sale issued on potentially hazardous ( time/temperature control for safety ) food due to temperature abuse . Butter cups 51F in glass door cooler overnight at front counter . * * Repeat Violation * * . ''
`` Accumulation of black/green mold-like substance in the interior of the ice machine . Wait station . ''
* * * Kiss From Italy/Wyndham Sea Gardens
615 N. Ocean Blvd .
Pompano Beach
Ordered shut May 21
7 violations found
`` Rodent activity present as evidenced by rodent droppings found . Approximately 8 to 9 dry rodent dropping observed under 3 compartment sink area . ''
`` Roach activity present as evidenced by live roaches found . Observed approximately 14 to 16 live roaches behind true glass door reach in cooler . Live roaches are on floor beside and behind cooler under racks stored on floor . 2 live observed under front counter shelf . ''
`` Dead roaches on premises . 4 dead roaches behind true freezer . 2 dead roaches observed on bottom shelf inside glass 2 door true reach in cooler . Food is stored in reach in cooler . 2 dead roaches under 3 compartment sinks . 1 dead roach under trash can . ''
`` Build-up of food debris , dust or dirt on nonfood-contact surface . Shelves above grill area . On top of coffee maker and grinder . On pipes at hand wash sink . ''
`` Accumulation of food debris/grease on food-contact surface . Sandwich press , microwave and slicer sharpener cover/assembly . * * Repeat Violation * * . ''
* * * Kiko 's Japanese & Thai Restaurant
801 S. University Drive ( The Fountains )
Plantation
Inspection based on complaint
Ordered shut May 21
15 violations found
Inspectors were back May 22 , May 23 , May 24 , May 25 , May 29 and violations still existed .
Also ordered shut May 26 , 2016
`` Roach activity present as evidenced by live roaches found . Observed 6 live roaches at sushi bar area . Roaches were in gaskets of cooler , behind cooler and crawling on make table . ''
`` Stop Sale issued due to food not being in a wholesome , sound condition . Observed 300 lbs of ice in ice machine touching interior walls soiled with black mold like substance . ''
`` Stop Sale issued on potentially hazardous ( time/temperature control for safety ) food due to temperature abuse . left side flip top ; overnight 1lb tuna ( 45-46°F - Cold Holding ) ; 1/4 lb overnight roe ( 45-46°F - Cold Holding ) ; 1 lb overnight krab ( 45-47°F - Cold Holding ) ; 1/2 lbcream cheese ( 49-50°F ) . ''
`` Accumulation of black/green mold-like substance in the interior of the ice machine . * * Repeat Violation * * . ''
`` Build-up of mold-like substance on nonfood-contact surface . Observed wall and curtain in walk in cooler soiled with mold like substance . ''
BELOW VIOLATIONS STILL EXISTED 8 DAYS AFTER ORIGINAL INSPECTION :
`` From initial inspection : High Priority - Roach activity present as evidenced by live roaches found . Observed 6 live roaches at sushi bar area . Roaches were in gaskets of cooler , behind cooler and crawling on make table * * Warning * * - From follow-up inspection 2018-05-22 : Observed 10 live roaches . 1 live on server station behind sushi bar . 4 live on wall behind coolers of sushi bar . 1 live in glue trap at sushi bar . 1 live by compressor of reach in cooler at sushi bar . 1 live roach on floor at cook line . 1 live at expo window floor . 1 live at front bar live roaches killed by operator . * * Admin Complaint * * - From follow-up inspection 2018-05-23 : Observed 4 live roaches . 1 by front door , 1 in cabinet at front door , 1 in planter by bar , 1 in glue trap at bar . Roaches were killed and discarded by operator * * Admin Complaint * * - From follow-up inspection 2018-05-24 : Observed 2 live roaches at sushi bar cooler gasket , 1 live at server cooler gasket . 5 live in basket where sealed bags of tea were stored at beverage station by expo window . Live roaches killed by operator . * * Admin Complaint * * - From follow-up inspection 2018-05-25 : Observed 2 live roaches on floor along wall in cook line behind fryers , 1 live roach on ice machine door in kitchen , 1 live roach on floor in front of ice machine near bag in box juices , and 3 live roaches on walls in dry storage room behind alcoholic beverages , the rear exit door and the entrance door to this room . There were also dead roaches . One dead roach observed on plastic bag contains juice at dispenser in kitchen near ice machine , 1 dead roach on table in dining area near front door , and 3 dead roaches on floor near ice machine . Operator removed roaches and was instructed to clean and sanitize areas . * * Time Extended * * * * Time Extended * * * * Corrective Action Taken * * - From follow-up inspection 2018-05-29 : Observed 4 live in back room where beer and liquor bottles stored crawling on wall . Observed 1 live on kitchen wall , 1 live under prep table . Operator killed and discarded roaches Observed 2 dead by dishwashing machine . Operator discarded dead roaches . ''
* * * ABC Chinese Restaurant
1919 W. Hillsboro Blvd .
Deerfield Beach
Inspection based on complaint
Ordered shut May 23
17 violations found
Also ordered shut July 22 , 2015
`` Roach activity present as evidenced by live roaches found . 6 live under hot holding unit on cook line . ''
`` Dead roaches on premises . 1 dead on side of reach in cooler on cook line , 1 dead under prep table on cook line 1 dead near walk in cooler 1 dead in dry storage area 1 dead under server station . ''
`` Food placed in soiled container/equipment . Fried rice noodles ready to eat stored prep shelf on cook line . Observe shelf with buildup grease and observe grease in container . See stop sale . ''
`` Stop Sale issued due to adulteration of food product . 1 lb fried rice noodles read to eat stored under prep shelf on cook line . Observe grease buildup on shelf and observe grease in food container . ''
`` Stop Sale issued on potentially hazardous ( time/temperature control for safety ) food due to temperature abuse . reach in cooler in front of woks : top part of cooler ( ) ; 1 lb . cooked chicken ( 45-48F - Cold Holding ) ; 1 lb . cooked beef ( 44-45F - Cold Holding ) ; 1 lb . cooked shrimp ( 45°F - Cold Holding ) ; .5 lb . cooked eggs ( 46F - Cold Holding ) ; 1 lb cooked pork ( 52F - Cold Holding ) ; 2 lbs . cooked pasta ( 54F - Cold Holding ) ; 1 lbs . cooked broccoli ( 49F - Cold Holding ) ; 1lb can corn ( 49F - Cold Holding ) ambient of top part of unit 55F . Per manager was left overnight in unit . See stop sale . ''
`` Interior of reach-in cooler soiled with accumulation of food residue on cook line . Soiled reach-in cooler gaskets in cooler in cook line . Food debris , grease , soil residue on exterior of reach-in cooler on cook line . ''
`` Interior of oven has heavy accumulation of black substance/grease/food debris . ''
`` Equipment and utensils not washed , rinsed and sanitized in the correct order in three-compartment sink . Do not use dishes/equipment not properly sanitized . Observe cook wash knife and cutting board washed in three compartment sinks and put away . Cook did not use sanitizer . Reviewed with manager three steps of three compartment sinks . ''
* * * Sea Grill
Intracoastal Mall
3913 NE 163rd St .
North Miami Beach
Inspection based on complaint
Ordered shut May 23
31 violations found
`` Roach activity present as evidenced by approximately 10 live roaches found in the back prep area along the wall . ''
`` Approximately 3 Dead roaches along the wall of the kitchen area . ''
`` Food stored in ice used for drinks . See stop sale . Bottle of wine by the bar area * * Repeat Violation * * . ''
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Nightclub terror shatters Turkish hopes of fresh start to 2017
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Police : Motorist killed drove in front of Denver train
hello
Investigators examine the scene where a van was struck but a Denver airport train early Tuesday , Feb. 14 , 2017 , in Aurora , Colo. Aurora Police Sgt . Chris Amsler says the van drove onto the tracks as an off-duty police officer guarding the intersection tried to stop it . The driver was killed . Four passengers on the train suffered minor injuries . ( RJ Sangosti/The Denver Post via AP ) Associated Press
Investigators examine the scene where a van was struck but a Denver airport train early Tuesday , Feb. 14 , 2017 , in Aurora , Colo. Aurora Police Sgt . Chris Amsler says the van drove onto the tracks as an off-duty police officer guarding the intersection tried to stop it . The driver was killed . Four passengers on the train suffered minor injuries . ( RJ Sangosti/The Denver Post via AP ) Associated Press
Investigators examine the scene where a van was struck but a Denver airport train early Tuesday , Feb. 14 , 2017 , in Aurora , Colo. Aurora Police Sgt . Chris Amsler says the van drove onto the tracks as an off-duty police officer guarding the intersection tried to stop it . The driver was killed . Four passengers on the train suffered minor injuries . ( RJ Sangosti/The Denver Post via AP ) Associated Press
DENVER -- Authorities are investigating whether the motorist hit and killed by Denver 's airport train before dawn Tuesday intentionally pulled his van front of it , police said .
The unidentified man drove past a police officer guarding a rail crossing in suburban Aurora about 3:50 a.m. and onto the first of two sets of tracks before the crossing gates and lights activated , Sgt . Chris Amsler said .
Surveillance video showed the van stayed there for 38 seconds before driving onto the second set of tracks used by the approaching train , Amsler said . Crossing lights were flashing , and the gate was down , he said .
The train hit the van and pushed it for about a quarter of a mile before the conductor was able to stop the train .
The driver , who made no attempt to put the van in reverse , would have been safe if he had stayed on the first set of tracks , Amsler said .
Three injured train passengers were treated at the scene and one was taken to a hospital .
Denver 's Regional Transportation District opened the airport train line in April despite problems during testing with crossing gates going down when trains were not passing or not fully going down when they were .
State regulators required posting workers around the clock at the crossings as a temporary solution .
The police officer as well as a flagger were stationed at the Aurora crossing at the time of the crash . After trying to stop the driver , the officer ran to avoid flying debris from the collision , Amsler said .
Police said their initial investigation showed that the crossing 's gates and lights were functioning properly .
The Federal Railroad Administration has granted several 90-day operational waivers to allow the airport trains to run while RTD and its contractor , Denver Transit Partners , work to resolve the problem . The most recent waiver was granted in January .
FRA investigators were at the scene Tuesday . The agency said the investigation will have no immediate impact on the agency 's waiver for the rail line .
There have been other problems since the line opened , including sporadic delays and power outages .
In May , about 80 passengers were evacuated when a train became stranded on a 50-foot-high bridge .
The cause was lightning that severed a wire supporting electricity lines , disrupting power used by the electric powered trains , RTD said .
During the initial investigation Tuesday , trains were running from Denver 's downtown Union Station to a station in Aurora , where airport-bound passengers were transferred to shuttle buses .
___
Associated Press writer James Anderson in Denver contributed to this report .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of six-year-old Alesha MacPhail on the Isle of Bute , police said .
Alesha was reported missing around 6.25 am on Monday , 2 July 2018 and her body discovered in a wooded area in Ardbeg Road , Bute around 9.00 am the same day .
The senior investigating officer , Detective Superintendent Stuart Houston , said : “ The response to our earlier public appeals has been significant . However , despite this evening 's major development , I am still appealing for anyone who was in the Ardbeg Road area of Bute on Sunday night or in the early hours of Monday and who may have information about Alesha 's death to contact us .
“ Anyone who has CCTV at their home or business , or indeed any motorists with dashcam footage which might help with our investigation are also urged to get in touch . ”
Anyone with any information is asked to contact the incident room via 101 quoting incident no 0695 of Monday 2 July 2018 .
The child from Rothesay , Isle of Bute , was reported missing at 6.25am on Monday .
At about 9am , officers found the body of a young girl on the site of a former hotel .
( Image : Twitter )
A Police Scotland spokeswoman said : `` At around 6.25am this morning , police were informed a six-year-old girl was missing in Rothesay .
`` A search was undertaken to try and locate the child .
`` At around 9am the body of a young female child was discovered in the grounds of an old hotel , Cames Hydro Hotel .
`` An investigation has been launched and enquiries are ongoing to establish the exact circumstances of the incident . ''
The spokeswoman added the child 's body was discovered in woodland , on the site of the former hotel , near to Ardbeg Road .
The Isle of Bute is an island in the Firth of Clyde in Scotland .
As of 2011 , Bute had a population of just under 6,500 people and the main town , Rothesay is linked to the mainland by ferry .
Tourism and farming are the main industries on the island .
Traffic is being held in both directions on the A50 this evening due to a lorry fire .
According to traffic information company Inrix , the A50 at Uttoxeter is completely closed as a `` precaution '' .
A spokesman for the service said : `` The road is closed between Ashbourne Road at the Little Chef roundabout and Blythe Bridge Roundabout - between the Shell garage and the McDonald 's due to a broken down lorry .
`` The lorry is smoking suspiciously and traffic is being held as a precaution . ''
One motorist has tweeted this picture from the scene :
We will provide the latest updates on this incident as we get more information .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
West Midlands luxury car marque Jaguar Land Rover has won a legal battle with a Canadian company related to its famous Defender trademark .
The carmaker took action in the High Court against Bombardier Recreational Products ( BRP ) which was using the name of its iconic off-roader - production of which ceased earlier this year .
The legal action was taken in relation to an all-terrain vehicle developed by BPR which it marketed as a `` fun , recreational off-roader '' and badged as a Defender .
Following JLR 's legal claim , the High Court has issued a Consent Order stating that BRP had infringed the Defender trademark .
Although Defender production came to an end a year ago after almost 70 years , the name is far from dead with Jaguar Land Rover set to launch an all-new version of its most famous vehicle - possibly as early as next year .
Following the action , BRP is set to abandon a current EU trademark application for Defender and has given assurances it will not seek to register another mark within the EU for Defender or similar marks such as Defender Max or Defender Pro .
The High Court ruling means BRP can not use Defender on any goods and must remove the badge from all goods , including any promotional material such as brochures and their web pages , in the EU .
Bombardier must also pay a small amount in damages and legal costs .
JLR welcomed the outcome of the case and said it demonstrated it would `` protect its brand resolutely '' , adding it would pursue legal action wherever necessary against anyone trying to pass off anything similar .
JLR 's legal director Keith Benjamin said : `` We welcome this ruling , recognising the enforceability of our intellectual property rights and preventing use by third parties .
`` The Land Rover Defender is an iconic vehicle that is part of Jaguar Land Rover 's past , present and future .
`` The success of our business is based on unique design and engineering attributes , and we intend to protect the brand robustly around the world . ''
The Defender , originally simply known as the Land Rover , was in continuous production at Land Rover 's Solihull factory from 1948 to 2016 .
In all 2,016,933 Series I , II and III Land Rovers and Defenders were built , using a manufacturing process that changed little in almost 70 years .
Watch : Land Rover Defender sold for record price
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump has come under fire for not explicitly denouncing white supremacists in the aftermath of violent clashes in Virginia , with the president being urged to take a public stand against groups that espouse racism and hate .
Mr Trump , while on a working holiday at his New Jersey golf club , addressed the nation on Saturday soon after a car ploughed into a group of anti-racist counter-protesters in Charlottesville , where neo-Nazis and white nationalists had assembled for a march .
The president did not single out any group , instead blaming `` many sides '' for the violence .
`` Hate and the division must stop , and must stop right now , '' he said . `` We have to come together as Americans with love for our nation and ... true affection for each other . ''
He condemned `` in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides , on many sides '' .
He added : `` It 's been going on for a long time in our country . Not Donald Trump . Not Barack Obama . It 's been going on for a long , long time . ''
On Sunday , the White House issued a statement seeking to expand on the president 's remarks . It said : `` The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence , bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white supremacists , KKK , neo-Nazi and all extremist groups .
`` He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together . ''
During his address on Saturday , Mr Trump did not answer questions from reporters about whether he rejects the support of white nationalists or whether he believes the car crash was an example of domestic terrorism .
Aides who appeared on the Sunday news shows said the White House does believe those things , but many fellow Republicans have demanded Mr Trump personally denounces the white supremacists .
Senator Cory Gardner tweeted : `` Mr. President - we must call evil by its name . These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism . ''
Senator Marco Rubio added : `` Nothing patriotic about # Nazis , the # KKK or # WhiteSupremacists . It 's the direct opposite of what # America seeks to be . ''
Republican Chris Christie , a staunch Trump supporter , wrote : `` We reject the racism and violence of white nationalists like the ones acting out in Charlottesville . Everyone in leadership must speak out . ''
On the Democrat side , Senate minority leader Charles Schumer said : `` Of course we condemn ALL that hate stands for . Until @ POTUS specifically condemns alt-right action in Charlottesville , he has n't done his job . ''
Democrat Governor Terry McAuliffe , who spoke to Mr Trump in the hours after the clashes , said he twice `` said to him we have to stop this hateful speech , this rhetoric '' , and he urged the president to `` come out stronger '' against the actions of white supremacists .
Mr Trump 's national security adviser HR McMaster said on Sunday that he considered the attack in Charlottesville to be terrorism :
`` I certainly think anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear , it is terrorism , '' he told ABC 's This Week .
`` It meets the definition of terrorism . But what this is , what you see here , is you see someone who is a criminal , who is committing a criminal act against fellow Americans . ''
The president 's homeland security adviser Tom Bossert defended the president 's statement by suggesting that some of the counter-protesters were violent too .
When pressed , he specifically condemned the racist groups .
The president 's daughter and White House aide Ivanka Trump tweeted on Sunday morning : `` There should be no place in society for racism , white supremacy and neo-nazis . ''
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city 's plans to take down a statue of Confederal general Robert E Lee .
Counter-protesters massed in opposition . A few hours after violent encounters between the two groups , a car drove into a crowd of people peacefully protesting against the rally , and the driver was later taken into custody .
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke attended the demonstrations , and Mr Duke told reporters the white nationalists were working to `` fulfil the promises of Donald Trump '' .
Some students from the Northwest , including Portland , are in the middle of danger zones in Nicaragua . But they 've been gathered together in one place , safe , until their university can fly them out on Thursday .
The students all attend Whitworth University in Spokane , they 've been interning in various spots across Nicaragua . We spoke with Katelyn Granum , she 's been teaching grade school . She says Whitworth is making the right decision , the situation is unsettling and sometimes scary . But she 's quite sad she does n't get to say goodbye to her students . They just had to make the move too quickly . They did n't want host families to have to continue providing any needed protection , or to have to worry about finding enough food to feed an extra person .
Dozens of people have died in the protests , then looters broke into schools and stores , stealing all the food on the shelves . Protests originally broke out when Nicaragua 's president cut social security , claiming investments had been lost . Protestors blame corruption .
The students have trusted drivers and they 'll be moved to a hotel near the airport Wednesday , they 'll fly back to the US early Thursday . The US State Department ordered its embassy staff to leave on Monday .
Listen into Katelyn 's interview here on FM News 101 :
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Wolves are being linked with a move for Rio Avenue midfielder Judilson Mamadu Tuncará Gomes .
Thankfully , his name has been shortened - to Pele !
The 26-year-old midfielder has a familiar agent in the shape of Wolves associate , Jorge Mendes .
The backpage of today 's A Bola paper in Portugal claims that Wolves have 'practically concluded ' a deal for the defensive midfielder .
Benfica hold 50 % of the player 's rights and a fee would be shared between the two clubs .
He has already had a number of clubs since being promoted from the Belenenses youth system .
After making 32 appearances for their senior team , he went on to play for Genoa and Milan youth teams .
From Milan he had three loan spells , one back at Belenenses .
Four years after signing for Milan and making no appearances , he signed for Benfica .
It was a similar story at Benfica when he was sent on loan to Pacos Ferreira and Feirense .
After failing to make an appearance for Benfica , he was sold to Rio Avenue in 2017 .
He is tied down on a long contract at the Portuguese club after signing a five year deal in June 2017 .
He is extensively capped at youth level for Portugal but made his full national debut for the country of his birth , Guinea-Bissau .
More Wolves news
Wanderers are also reportedly keen on a summer swoop for Manchester City defender Eliaquim Mangala .
Nuno Espirito Santo 's side are Premier League bound and transfer plans are already being drawn up .
And Mangala , who joined City for £32million , is on Wolves ' radar according to The Sun .
The 27-year-old has fallen out of favour at The Etihad under Pep Guardiola and was sent on loan to Everton in January .
Mangala has only played twice for the Toffees under Sam Allardyce , though , and will look to leave City permanently once the season concludes .
Reports Wolves are in for the defender are n't a surprise given the fact Mangala is signed to Jorge Mendes ' agency Gestifute .
Mendes has helped Wolves assemble their Championship-winning squad and will continue to put players forward to Fosun .
France international Mangala spent three years at Porto before his big move to City in 2014 .
' I hope this continues for years ' - Wolves star Conor Coady looks ahead
Frustrated
Wolves fans have been left frustrated by Sunderland 's refusal to increase their ticket allocation for the final game of the season .
Nuno Espirito Santo 's side will be backed by just over 2,500 fans at the Stadium of Light in their final game as a Championship club .
Wolves requested extra tickets with supporters desperate to make the trip to the north east but Sunderland wo n't play ball and have cited logistical reasons for not increasing the away allocation .
Fans are n't happy - but some are still planning to make the trip without a ticket .
Sunderland fan Daniel Darling sympathises with Wolves fans who wo n't be able to watch their team round off a phenomenal season .
He tweeted : “ Do n't understand why we wo n't give @ Wolves more tickets . It 's not like we are going to sell 1-5k tickets up in the gods anyways ! ”
Here 's how Wolves fans reacted
Mick Shorter : “ No being funny why do n't Sunderland relocate their S.T . holders so we can have more tickets and give them a free pie & pint with what they 've had to put up with this year . ”
Scott H : “ You are a huge let down to everyone , I feel for @ SunderlandAFC fans . Useless football club . ”
Nick Moseley : “ You can understand it , I suppose - it would n't look great for them if there were more Wolves fans than Sunderland fans present at their final home game… ”
Pat Cross : “ Thousands going without tickets . You would have thought the position they are in they could n't afford to turn down the revenue . ”
Ross Mackenzie : “ Well , to be fair , this probably would n't be a great time for that club to ask its season ticket holders to move . They 're probably quite grumpy as it is . ”
SouthbankResistance : “ I hope Sunderland triple dip to League Two . ”
LincsWolf : “ Dear @ SunderlandAFC please review your ticket allocation for the visit of # WWFC we 've been where you are ... twice ! ! ! Now look how far we 've come . Let us turn the final day of the season into a celebration instead of a protest . Please give us more tickets . ”
< > The Garden Bar at the Ramble Hotel will open Friday . ( Courtesy of Elliott Clark )
Less than a month after the highly-anticipated New York-based bar Death & Co opened it 's second location in RiNo , it 's ready to take this party outside .
The original announcement hinted that the cocktail-focused retreat would have a hand in many dining experiences at the new Ramble Hotel , and the second phase of that will roll out on Friday with the opening of The Garden .
The open-air expansion is located on the mezzanine level of the hotel and is focused on creating an informal gathering place for one of those many sunny Denver afternoons — complete with new drinks created by beverage director Tyson Buhler .
According to a release , the menu will include a mix of twists on classics like the French 75 , the Mai Tai and the Lost Horizon . Beer and Rosé Magnum will also be on hand .
The Garden will also feature Instagram-ready carbonated and garnished bottled cocktails for one person , or to share as a group .
After opening on Friday , hours for The Garden will be Monday through Thursday , 4-10 p.m. ; Friday 4-11 p.m. ; Saturday 10 a.m.-11 p.m. ; Sunday 10 a.m.-10 p.m. Food and brunch menu to come .
The German Embassy threw a lavish party in London 's Belgrave Square last night to toast the Bundesrepublik 's Day of German Unity , but although the Bier and Sekt flowed freely , and the Ambassador 's Residence was awash with chatter , disunity rather than unity was the main topic of the day .
Germany 's Tag der Deutschen Einheit marks the Reunification of Germany in 1990 , one of those rare events in German history of which all Germans can feel proud . The Embassy 's annual jamboree is always jolly , yet there 's a ghost at every feast . Last year 's Banquo was Brexit . This year , it 's AfD .
As German politicians meet in smoke-free rooms to thrash out the formation of the next government ( almost certainly a coalition between Angela Merkel 's Christian Democrats , the Free Democrats and the Greens ) , the question preoccupying German journalists and diplomats is what on earth to do about Alternative für Deutschland , who 've gone from no seats at all in the last parliament to a whopping 94 this time .
Merkel 's coalition with the Greens and the Free Democrats will go some way towards neutralising AfD 's influence , leaving the Social Democrats as the official opposition – but whichever way you cut it , there 's no getting round it : Alternative fur Deutschland is now the third biggest party in the Bundestag . On a day when Germans should be celebrating 27 years of unity between East Germans and West Germans , the contrast between voting patterns in the two Germanies is a matter of grave concern .
Alternative fur Deutschland polled twice as many votes in Eastern Germany as they did in Western Germany , as did Germany 's hard left party , Die Linke . Conversely , the soft-left Social Democrats and Merkel 's centre-right Christian Democrats polled twice as many votes in the West . You do n't need to be a psephologist to work this one out . West Germans still support centrist parties , left or right – East Germans are putting their faith in extremists .
Most German centrists I 've spoken to , both left and right , offer a simplistic solution to this problem . They hope and expect that AfD will tear itself apart . Judging by AfD 's recent record in local government , this seems like a fair bet . During the last year , a series of regional elections have propelled AfD into state parliaments throughout Germany where they 've proceeded – as centrists predicted – to set about squabbling among themselves .
So far , AfD 's performance in the national parliament has been true to form . Former leader Frauke Petry shocked supporters after AfD 's election triumph when she quit the party and declared she 'd take her seat as an independent . She 's now been charged with perjury . Deputy Leader Alexander Gauland can be relied upon for cringeworthy gaffs at the most inopportune moments , offending a range of public figures of various ethnicities , from integration minister Aydan Özoğuz to international footballer Jerome Boateng . Yet although AfD would struggle to organise a piss-up in a Bavarian Brauhaus , they still managed to attract nearly thirteen percent of the national vote . Even if the party implodes , as centrists are hoping , its disgruntled voters are n't simply going to shuffle back meekly to the CDU or the SPD .
Talking to a range of Germans at the German Embassy last night , it was encouraging to find that some observers suggest a more constructive path . AfD must be normalised rather than ostracised , they argue . For German democracy to prosper , it must become a legitimate part of the political process , rather than a cuckoo in the nest . There is an encouraging precedent for this approach – not from the far right , but from the hard left . A decade ago , Die Linke were pariahs – unreconstructed communists , damned by their association with the atrocities of the East German regime . Now , having served in various state governments , they 've learnt to cooperate with other parties – and have become a respectable party in their own right .
German politicians understand that most AfD voters are n't racists . They 're mainly small c conservatives worried about immigration , and bewildered by the shifting landscape of modern life . Beyond the big cities , Germany is a very traditional country – old-fashioned by British standards and resistant to rapid change . AfD began as a party of intellectuals – bankers and academics angry about Greek bailouts and the Euro . That it became a populist movement was n't just because of Merkel 's million migrants – it was also because she 's repositioned her Christian Democrats as a party of the centre . Unless the CDU leans right on immigration and integration , AfD will continue to prosper , however shambolic it appears .
For me , the most telling takeaway from last night 's bash was the political affiliation of the guest list . There were hundreds of Germans here last night – all sophisticated and prosperous . I could n't find a single person here who 'd admit to voting AfD . In last month 's election , it was one in eight . A generation since reunification , there are still two Germanies , but now the border is between different generations and different expectations – not just between East and West .
In December of 2015 , 25-year-old Devin Gibbs was in line at a North Miami-Dade McDonald 's . A older white man named Phillip Ledea began accusing him of cutting the line . According to the Miami Herald , Ledea began hollering unprovoked racial slurs , “ ‘ I got something for you … N * * * * r I 'll kill you … N * * * * r I 'm gon na shoot you , ' he told Gibbs , according to defense lawyers . Gibbs left the McDonald 's while waiting for his food , video surveillance showed , then came back once Ledea had sat down to eat . ”
SEE ALSO : Calls For Starbucks Boycott After The Company 's Weak Apology For A Racist Arrest
Devin reportedly picked up his order and left the restaurant , but Ledea followed “ screaming threats ” from the open door , according to a defense motion . “ ‘ Gibbs believed that this time [ Ledea ] was armed and was coming outside to act on his threat to kill him or do serious bodily harm , ' lawyers Andrew Rier and Jonathan Jordan wrote in their request to throw out the case . According to the lawyers , the surveillance video showed Ledea ‘ grab toward his waistband ' as though he had a gun .
Devin reportedly threw down his food , pulled out his own gun and fired one shot , shattering the glass door and sending terrified customers scrambling for cover . Nobody was shot or injured . Phillip Ledea had a history of arrests and admitted he drank beer that day and “ that he had engaged in fighting other kids ages 18-20. ” See the man below .
Devin Gibbs was arrested and charged with aggravated battery with a weapon and carrying a concealed weapon . However , three years later he has finally been cleared . The The Miami Herald reports , “ He persuaded a Miami judge that he was only acting in self-defense when he fired at Phillip Ledea at the door of the fast food restaurant in December 2015 . A Miami judge this month tossed out felony charges against Gibbs . ”
It is an understatement to say that the Stand Your Ground law rarely works for Black people . George Zimmerman was acquitted of killing Trayvon Martin under the law . However , thankfully it worked in this case , but you ca n't help but wonder if the white man would have been shot and killed , would all charges against Gibbs still have been dropped ?
SEE ALSO :
Forgive But Do n't Forget : Remembering Those Times When Barbara Bush Waded Into The Waters Of Race
Billy Graham 's Complicated Relationship With Black America , Explained
Woman Shouts N-Word , Literally Stops The Show At ‘ Black Panther ' NJ Screening
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
Donald Trump 's bellicosity on Iran is tricky to turn into action
The Lemon Festival would not be possible without volunteers of all ages . Volunteers are needed from noon to 5 p.m. Friday , 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday and 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Sunday . To be a volunteer just fill out the volunteer form and email it to . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
Does your business have a team of people who would like to volunteer ? Want to donate to the community ?
Come out Saturday and Sunday , Oct. 15-16 , to be a part of this fabulous community event at Girsh Park .
The 20th annual California Lemon Festival in Goleta is right around the corner , more volunteers are needed .
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks , a new feature in which you ask the questions , you help decide what Noozhawk investigates , and you work with us to find the answers .
Here 's how it works : You share your questions with us in the nearby box . In some cases , we may work with you to find the answers . In others , we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope . And we 'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic .
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together . Noozhawk 's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness , and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it .
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section . Once or twice a month , we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered .
Thanks for asking !
Click Here to Get Started >
WASHINGTON , D.C. — A code associated with a broad Russian hacking campaign dubbed Grizzly Steppe by the Obama administration has been detected on a laptop associated with a Vermont electric utility but not connected to the grid , the utility said on Friday .
“ We took immediate action to isolate the laptop and alerted federal officials of this finding , ” the Burlington Electric Department said in a statement .
“ Our team is working with federal officials to trace this malware and prevent any other…
The best promotional image for Spider-Man : Homecoming was the result of a happy accident . In fact , Tom Holland did n't even know he was being photographed for it . Because he was asleep .
Turns out , that famous teaser poster featuring Spider-Man lounging in front of a New York skyline is a picture of Tom Holland napping between takes . On the road to promote Homecoming for international release , Holland told the story , saying :
Interesting story about that poster is that is actually me asleep . That 's not part of the movie , that 's me in-between takes asleep . We were shooting this scene and I was just really tired that day , and I was just asleep on the floor , and the photographer took a picture . So when they made that the poster , I was like ‘ What ! What the hell , guys ! '
Spider-Man : Homecoming had an image problem when it was first announced . It desperately needed to distance itself from the other Spider-Man reboot that preceded it and make it clear that this was n't just going to be another origin story . This teaser poster did that fabulously . That young , new Spidey just chillin ' , lounging near the water . Probably listening to Animal Collective or something .
Knowing that Tom was literally asleep definitely changes the poster a little bit , though , huh ? Fighting crime is exhausting . Someone get that boy a pillow .
You can watch the video below , courtesy of Instagram user therealspideyman .
More Movies Posts :
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Renminbi faces confidence test as Chinese FX purchase quota resets
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
What to Know A Canadian man has been arrested in connection with an alleged ISIS-inspired plot to target music concerts and landmarks in New York
Investigators said the goal was to injure and maim as many people as possible , but the suspect was arrested before obtaining any weapons
The alleged plot was thwarted months ago , but just revealed as officials took time to investigate other possible terror connections
Authorities have arrested a Canadian man in connection with an alleged ISIS-inspired plot to target music concerts , landmarks and crowded subways in New York , sources familiar with the case said .
News that a major New York area venue hosting a concert could have been in the ISIS crosshairs comes days after a lone actor with no link to any terror group opened fire on a crowd at a country music festival in Las Vegas . Stephen Paddock killed 58 people before taking his own life in his hotel room .
Officials said this latest New York terror plot was more aspirational than operational . The suspect in custody allegedly spoke to one or two other men about also wanting to strike Times Square and subways during rush hour .
Investigators said the goal was to injure and maim as many people as possible , but the Canadian suspect was arrested before obtaining any weapons . It was n't immediately clear which venues may have been targeted , nor was information on the method of the aspirational attack immediately released .
Las Vegas Massacre Investigation Takes New Direction
Authorities investigating the Las Vegas mass shooting are now reconstructing the movements of Stephen Paddock and exploring the possibility he had considered other music festivals or large events before he chose Las Vegas . ( Published 2 hours ago )
The alleged attempt to target a concert in New York also comes after last May 's bombing in Britain outside an Ariana Grande concert . Twenty people were killed when a terrorist bomb exploded as the crowd was heading for the exits .
“ The FBI and the Joint Terrorism Task Force , they 're going to work with the US Attorney 's office to make sure that this is not just idle talk , ” said former FBI Supervisor JJ Klaver . “ They are going to look at the extent of the plans being made and the extent that these guys are taking actions to further those plans . ”
While the alleged plot was apparently uncovered and interrupted months ago , investigators were not prepared to announce its existence until Friday , in part because the search continued for other possible terror connections .
Watch Live Official : No Clear Motive Yet in Vegas Shooting
“ The most challenging and difficult decisions that are made in these investigations is finding where the balance is –- between protecting the integrity of the investigation and letting the public know the vital information they need to determine whether or not they feel safe foing to a particular venue , ” Klaver said .
Sources familiar with the case said this was not a sting operation , but the FBI and NYPD got onto the lead suspect early on . Some of the suspect 's list of targets mirror past plots .
Times Square saw a failed car bomb attempt by terrorist Faisal Shahzad and the 2009 Zazi plot was set to be a series of backpack bombings on the subways . The trial of accused Chelsea bomber Ahmad Rahimi is currently underway in lower Manhattan . Rahimi is accused of building pressure cooker bombs and placing them on Manhattan streets as well as placing an improvised device that exploded in a garbage can before the start of New Jersey charity race .
Man Gives Up Guns in Wake of Las Vegas Shooting
A Facebook photo of a Phoenix , Arizona , man voluntarily giving up his guns to a uniformed Phoenix police officer has gone viral . Jonathan Pring said his post attracted both praise and death threats after he gave up his guns in wake of the Las Vegas shooting that killed 58 people . ( Published 6 hours ago )
Officials are expected to announce the names of those charged in this latest alleged plot , along with the specific terror-related counts , later on Friday .
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Blues were founded in 1875 .
Similar to the formation of many football clubs at the time , members of the local cricket side wanted to play a sport in the winter . The team based at Holy Trinity Church , Bordesley , on the east side of Birmingham , decided to form a football team .
Under the initial name of Small Heath Alliance their early games took place on a piece of waste ground off Arthur Street , then at a field in Sparkbrook , before they moved to Muntz Street in 1877 paying rent of £5 per year .
They became the first football club to become a limited company with a board of directors , under the name of Small Heath F.C . Ltd in 1888 before moving to St Andrew 's in 1906 after changing their name to Birmingham Football Club .
The name Birmingham City F.C was adopted in 1943 .
A quick guide
Their blue kit colour was established right from the start with the first strip a dark blue shirt with a white sash and white shorts .
Several variations were worn but the royal blue stuck and has been the club 's main kit colour for well over 100 years .
( Image : David Rogers/Getty Images )
Blues ' most famous achievement was lifting the League Cup at Wembley in 2011 . They beat Arsenal 2-1 in the final , with Obafemi Martins scoring the winning goal after Robin van Persie 's strike has cancelled out Nikola Zigic 's opener .
That was the second time Blues lifted the trophy after their 1963 success . Blues have been FA Cup runners-up on two occasions and won the Second Division four times .
The club have spent most of their history bouncing between the top two divisions and in 1956 became the first English club side to take part in European competition .
Blues ' home ground St Andrew 's has a capacity of 29,409 .
An effort to abolish the death penalty in Washington state got a new push this year with strong backing from the governor and attorney general , but as in previous years , the measure is expected to stall in the Legislature .
A group of anti-white supremacy protesters tore down a Confederate monument Monday during a rally outside a North Carolina courthouse .
Amid chants of “ No KKK , no fascist USA , ” the group used a ladder and rope to pull down the monument . Several protestors then kicked and spit on the twisted statue as the crowd cheered , according to WNCN .
A US foundation collaborates with the Government to provide Guyanese from all ten administrative regions with hearing aids . Ayana George reports .
Related
Blaze burns six to eight acres , but no structures were threatened
Fire crews have contained a vegetation fire burning off Highway 1 south of Lompoc Thursday afternoon , according to the Santa Barbara County Fire Department .
Capt . David Sadecki said Thursday night that investigators determined the cause was related to a welding and cutting operation .
He said the blaze was reported at about 1:50 p.m. at 6773 Highway 1 , one mile south of the highway near Rancho San Julian .
It was fully contained at 3:30 p.m. after burning 6 to 8 acres , Sadecki said .
The fire was burning in a canyon about a mile south of Highway 1 , Sadecki said .
About 80 firefighters were dispatched to the incident , assisted by water-dropping helicopters , Sadecki said .
No injuries were reported and no structures were threatened , Sadecki said . Highway 1 remained open .
Cause of the fire remains under investigation , Sadecki said .
The Lompoc Fire Department and Vandenberg Fire Department also responded to the blaze .
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Philippine government to arrest people spreading ISIS propaganda online
There is already one person who will be arrested on the ground of sedition , says DICT Secretary Rodolfo Salalima .
People who are spreading ISIS propaganda online will be arrested , said Department of Information and Communications Technology ( DICT ) Secretary Rodolfo Salalima at the press briefing in Malacañang on Tuesday ( 13 June 2017 ) .
According to Salalima , there is already one person who will be arrested on the ground of sedition , but did not identify . He added his agency was also able to track more than one offender on Monday night .
Salalima said the DICT is involved in stopping the spread of ISIS propaganda online , together with the Armed Forces of the Philippines . Last Friday ( 9 June ) , the Armed Forces of the Philippines ( AFP ) asked Facebook to take down more than 60 accounts , which they believed are linked and supporting the local terror group , Maute .
`` [ Once ] they effect or commit cybercrimes , DICT [ will ] take over . Remember , rebellion , sedition are crimes under the old penal code . You do sedition , you incite people via cyber or via internet ; I call it there is cyber rebellion . There is cyber sedition , '' said Salalima .
Vulnerable farming families in post-conflict areas in Iraq 's Ninewa plains , west of Mosul , will be able to better withstand shocks thanks to a European Union-funded UN Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) project that aims to increase household income while building , repairing and maintaining local infrastructure and creating communal and public productive assets .
The €6 million project funded by the Madad Fund – the European Union 's Regional Trust Fund in response to the Syrian crisis – is part of FAO 's Recovery and Resilience Programme . The programme contributes to reducing chronic , or acute food insecurity , malnutrition , poverty , and associated risks and vulnerabilities in Iraq 's agriculture sector .
“ The European Union has responded promptly to the very urgent needs of the most vulnerable families that were affected by the conflict in northern parts of Iraq , ” said Fadel El-Zubi , FAO Representative in Iraq . “ Thanks to the support from the European Union , households will enhance their resilience and ability to cope with shocks by increasing their net earnings , ” he said .
Cash-for-work to improve access to water
Through cash-for-work activities , 1 250 households will be able to earn an income , directly benefiting around 7 500 people . Critically , the results of this work will also enable farmers to access water for crop irrigation and livestock , through the rehabilitation and construction of water catchments , roads , river embankments and secondary canals .
“ Once these important agricultural assets and irrigation infrastructure are restored , the project will provide water for 70 000 hectares of currently unproductive land that can be used for winter wheat crops , and the spring and autumn vegetable seasons , ” El-Zubi said . “ This means 30 000 vulnerable farming households ( 180 000 people ) will be able to produce food on their land again . ”
Many of the families participating in the cash-for-work component of the project have no other income . Participants include women and other marginalized groups , with the work benefiting the community as well as individuals and families .
FAO 's humanitarian response
As the Government of Iraq moves towards a focus on rehabilitation and recovery , humanitarian needs remain . Under the Humanitarian Response Plan 2018 , FAO requires $ 10.2 million to assist 116 100 people in the areas of livestock , plant pest outbreak control and food security coordination .
Over the longer term , under the Iraq Recovery and Resilience Programme 2018-2019 , FAO requires $ 76 million to assist 1.6 million people by restoring agriculture and water systems and revitalizing communities .
FAO 's focus remains on ensuring rural families have the resources to re-establish and secure their agricultural livelihoods and build their resilience into the future . FAO 's work , in close coordination with the Iraqi government , supports families returning to retaken areas , internally displaced families , host communities and refugees from Syria .
( Source : UN )
Philippine government to arrest people spreading ISIS propaganda online
There is already one person who will be arrested on the ground of sedition , says DICT Secretary Rodolfo Salalima .
People who are spreading ISIS propaganda online will be arrested , said Department of Information and Communications Technology ( DICT ) Secretary Rodolfo Salalima at the press briefing in Malacañang on Tuesday ( 13 June 2017 ) .
According to Salalima , there is already one person who will be arrested on the ground of sedition , but did not identify . He added his agency was also able to track more than one offender on Monday night .
Salalima said the DICT is involved in stopping the spread of ISIS propaganda online , together with the Armed Forces of the Philippines . Last Friday ( 9 June ) , the Armed Forces of the Philippines ( AFP ) asked Facebook to take down more than 60 accounts , which they believed are linked and supporting the local terror group , Maute .
`` [ Once ] they effect or commit cybercrimes , DICT [ will ] take over . Remember , rebellion , sedition are crimes under the old penal code . You do sedition , you incite people via cyber or via internet ; I call it there is cyber rebellion . There is cyber sedition , '' said Salalima .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A lifelong Rams fan celebrated his 104th birthday in style with a visit from two former Derby County players .
John Antliff , known as Jack , who lives at Willow Croft Nursing Home in Borrowash , was given a signed Derby County shirt with his name and the number 104 on the back by Rams legends Roy McFarland and Roger Davies to celebrate his birthday on Sunday , February 4 .
Jack , who was born in Drewry Lane , Derby , has been a Derby County fan since he was a small boy and said he went to almost all of the team 's home games .
“ I used to ride my bicycle there and I would give a boy that lived on the corner a shilling to park my bicycle in the alleyway and walk the rest of the way , ” he said .
Mr McFarland began his career with the Rams in 1967 after being signed by Brian Clough and Peter Taylor and Mr Davies joined Derby County in 1971 .
Both were playing for the club when they won the league championship – in a match Jack was able to go and watch .
Jack said he was overwhelmed to receive a visit from the pair – which was organised by Willow Croft care assistant Denise Hosty , who described Jack an “ intelligent , witty and very friendly ” man .
Over the course of several years , Jack has documented his life in a diary which details events and memories since his birth in 1914 .
Jack attended Gerard Street Primary School and the Junior Art School in Green Lane where he met his wife-to-be , Ethel .
After leaving school at the age of 16 , Jack could not find a position as a draughtsman and began working for his father 's bakery and grocery business .
He managed to finally secure a job in the position he wanted at Horace Greaves Ltd .
At the outbreak of the war , he took a job at Rolls-Royce and joined the Home Guard , being placed in the plotting room due to his day job .
He left Rolls-Royce for a short time between 1947 and 1955 but rejoined the company after being asked back .
Jack spent 32 years in total there before his retirement in 1979 .
Ethel died in 1997 age 82 . The couple had one daughter , Jean Roulinson , two grandchildren , Dave and Sue , and two great-grandchildren .
Jack was a former district Scout commissioner , having began his career in the Scouts at the age of 11 .
During his time with the Scouts , Jack even marched his troop to Drum Hill , Little Eaton , to parade in front of the father of Scouting , Lord Baden-Powell .
He formed his own troop , rose to the rank of Scoutmaster and eventually became district commissioner for Derby North .
Jack 's daughter , Jean , says her dad believes his time with the Scouts is his secret to a long life .
She said : “ Dad has always said his secret was working with young people . He has just had good health all of his life . He 's always been a very happy person . ”
GREEN RIVER– The Green River Fire Department is helping out at the Sweetwater Speedway this year .
The GRFD is volunteering their time , their truck , and their equipment throughout the summer .
Members of the GRFD and the crash rescue truck will be on scene at each race during the season . Sweetwater Speedway racing runs from May through September .
Advertisement - Story continues below ...
The track will be hosting events on the following dates :
Manuel Prieto points out an item on singers to Nancy and Jerry Márquez at the opening of the ‘ Mexicanos and Mexican Americans : Interwoven into the Fabric of Fresno County ' at The Big Fresno Fair on Oct. 2 . JUAN ESPARZA LOERA jesparza @ vidaenelvalle.com
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Goleta police have arrested a transient on charges of indecent exposure and possession of child pornography after an incident at Stow Grove Park .
Santa Barbara County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Drew Sugars said a Goleta parks maintenance employee reported seeing a man masturbating while sitting in a parked vehicle on Sunday .
Police were unable to locate the man , but the employee provided a description of the car and the suspect .
On Thursday , a community resource deputy saw the vehicle parked at the Goleta Library and approached the driver , 68-year-old Albert Roy Fillman , according to Sugars .
He said investigators believe that Fillman was the man observed masturbating 11 days earlier , and that the deputy found Fillman to be in possession of a laptop computer with numerous images of child pornography .
Fillman , who is listed as a transient , was arrested and booked into the Santa Barbara County Jail on charges of felony possession of child pornography and indecent exposure . Bail was set at $ 20,000 .
— Noozhawk managing editor Michelle Nelson can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Kevin Hart called in to the Quincy Harris Show with K. Foxx to talk about his Eagles . K. Foxx asked him if Tiffany Haddish ever paid him back the $ 300 he gave her years ago . While he has nothing but love and admiration for Tiffany , he does want his money back from Quincy !
Listen below :
More From The # QHMS
FILE - In this May 25 , 2018 file photo , Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York . Weinstein wo n't testify before the New York grand jury that 's weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges . A statement issued through a spokesman Wednesday , May 30 , says Weinstein 's lawyers decided there was n't enough time to prepare him to testify . They say he learned the specific charges and the accusers ' identities only after turning himself on Friday , with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not . New York Post via AP , Pool Steven Hirsch
1:48
Cal Poly grad 's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
Several members of the Marching Comets attended the recent Penn State Blue Band 's “ Forward March ” recruiting program at the spring football game . The Comet musicians and band front joined 300 other marching band students from across the country for a three-hour instructional forum with the Penn State Blue Band . They later marched into Beaver Stadium and performed during the game with the Blue Band members . Abington students attending were Jakob Quanbeck , Jonathon Yocum , Nina Sampogne , Emily Gohsler , Emily Agentowicz , Ben Gibson , Ryan Roberts and Justin Altieri .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
DOHA : Hundreds of drivers with ride-hailing service Uber in Qatar went on strike on Monday for the second time in a year to protest against fare cuts .
The US-based company , which started operations in Doha in 2014 , has in recent months cut fares by 15-20 per cent for passengers amid growing competition from local firms .
Uber drivers in Doha stayed home on Monday to protest the cuts and an “ upfront ” service launched by Uber in November that allows passengers to view the total fare before their journey .
“ The upfront is n't fair . If you get stuck in traffic or the passenger makes extra stops during the journey , we receive nothing for that , ” said John , an Ethiopian driver who declined to give his second name .
“ If they do n't raise fares and treat drivers better we have many other platforms we can go to . I have a family to support , ” he said .
Uber has tried to drive down taxi fares to win customers from local rivals in Qatar like Careem which has a larger market share than Uber in most of the 32 cities in the Middle East , North Africa and Pakistan region in which it operates .
An Uber spokesman in Dubai said the company was “ committed to dialogue with partner drivers ” and had made improving their experience a priority .
“ We are very proud of the high quality service they offer to riders who want to get around Doha with a safe , efficient and affordable ride , ” said the spokesman in a statement .
Thousands of Ethiopians , Indians and Nepalis work as Uber drivers in wealthy Qatar where unions and labour protests are banned and authorities penalise dissent with jail terms or immediate deportation .
Some drivers say they have struggled since an oil slump in mid-2014 that has squeezed state finances and last year saw Doha raise the domestic price of gasoline by 30 per cent .
RED Chapel Avenue is a highly coveted neighbourhood in the premium suburb of Sandy Bay , and this home is a prime example of exactly what property hunters often look for .
This extensive family home is spread over two levels , offering spectacular water views of the River Derwent .
Fall Real Estate property consultant Debbie Burgess said the Red Chapel Avenue area had a “ very strong following ” .
She described this house as fabulous .
“ It is not only a home , it is a lifestyle choice , ” Debbie said .
“ The property boasts a prime location that is only minutes from three top private schools , sought-after primary schools , the University of Tasmania plus Long Beach .
“ It has panoramic 180-degree sunny water views that can be enjoyed from both levels , especially from the spacious modern kitchen , the family room and from the glass atrium dining room . ”
She said the view could also be enjoyed from the deck , which also looks out over the garden .
The home offers generous living and entertaining space for the family , with three separate living areas .
“ There are three modern bathrooms and three generous bedrooms drenched in sunlight , ” Debbie said .
“ The marine and garden vistas this home offers are magical . ”
The home has a mixture of electric and mains gas heating , with gas hot water .
The modern kitchen is a stunner and the heart of the open-plan upper-level living zone .
On this level the informal family area off the kitchen has direct access via French doors to a paved courtyard .
The formal lounge is heated by a gas fire and has a delightful water and garden outlook .
On the upper level the comfortable and private main bedroom boasts an ensuite and a walk-in wardrobe .
Down the hall there is a full-sized family bathroom .
The downstairs bedrooms are spacious , and each has built-in wardrobes .
Nearby there is a modern , tiled third bathroom .
There is a large laundry and a huge amount of storage space under the house .
This home is close to Fahan School , Hutchins School , Mount Carmel College and the Sandy Bay village .
Debbie said some of the things that attracted people to Sandy Bay and this home in particular were the convenient location and the commanding position with gorgeous views .
“ The home has been very well maintained and upgraded , ” she said . “ This large and modern family home is well priced for the Sandy Bay property market . ”
This home at 62 Red Chapel Avenue is listed with Fall Real Estate Sandy Bay , it is priced at “ offers over $ 1.1 million ” .
The latest figures from CoreLogic show Sandy Bay has Tasmania 's second highest house median price .
In the 12 months to the end of March , the suburb 's median house price increased by 11.2 per cent .
During that 12-month period , Sandy Bay houses sold , on average , after just 12 days on the market .
MIAMI ( AP ) — Adam Gase has yet to overtake the New England Patriots because he has yet to beat them .
Or even come close .
The Miami Dolphins ' second-year coach is 0-3 against the Patriots and faces them again Monday night . Gase has trailed 24-3 , 20-7 and 21-10 at halftime against New England , including two weeks ago when the Patriots won 35-17 .
And so the yawning gap persists between New England ( 10-2 ) and the rest of the AFC East . A victory will give the Patriots their ninth consecutive division title with three weeks of the regular season still to go .
The Dolphins ( 5-7 ) will likely sit out the playoffs for the 14th time in the past 16 years .
The divide with New England is such that Miami is an 11-point underdog at home , even though the Patriots will be without tight end Rob Gronkowski , who is serving a one-game suspension for a late hit to the head of Buffalo Bills defensive back Tre'Davious White .
The Dolphins hired Gase with the goal of passing the Patriots , and he gained ground in the standings as a rookie coach last season , when Miami won 10 games and reached the playoffs as a wild-card team .
But the Dolphins regressed this season , and were knocked out of postseason contention with a winless November that included their ninth consecutive defeat in Foxborough .
Gase is the Dolphins ' eighth coach since New England hired Bill Belichick in 2000 . Now Gase is in danger of becoming the first Miami coach to lose his first four meetings with the Patriots .
In three games against New England , Gase 's Dolphins have been outscored 101-55 .
“ We 've started slow in all three games , ” Gase said . “ It 's really hard to challenge them the way you need to challenge them if you 're down 21 , 14 , 20 before you even get going . They 're a hard enough team to play when it 's close . ”
While the Patriots are coasting to another division title , no team is better at avoiding a letup , and Belichick predicted the rematch with Miami will play out differently than the first meeting .
“ It 's not a continuation of last week 's game , ” Belichick said . “ It 's starting all over again , and that 's what we have to be ready to do . ”
Motivation wo n't be an issue , Patriots cornerback Devin McCourty said .
“ It 's going to be chippy , ” he said . “ You get into December , no one wants to lose anymore . Everyone wants to win games and build and get better . ”
The Patriots easily beat Miami last month despite not playing very well . A botched snap gave the Dolphins a touchdown , and Tom Brady threw a rare interception .
But a 14-0 deficit after 10 minutes doomed the Dolphins , and their habit of starting slowly will be tough to break . They 've been outscored 158-76 in the first half , and last week 's win against Denver was the first time all season the Dolphins led to start the fourth quarter .
Even if the Dolphins play better early , they 'll need to hold onto the ball . They 've committed nine turnovers in their past three games against New England .
“ You ca n't give them free possessions , and you 've got to make every one count , ” Gase said . “ You ca n't turn the ball over and give a guy like Tom Brady an extra possession . ”
While Gase is virtually assured of returning for a third season with Miami , there could be a significant shakeup among his assistants if the Dolphins do n't finish well .
Gase 's record is only 15-14 , but he 's 9-4 at home . And Brady has played some of his worst games in Miami , where the Patriots lost three seasons in a row through 2015 .
“ We 're in a northern environment ; they 're in a southern environment , ” Brady said . “ I think it 's hard for them to come up here ; I think it 's challenging for us to go down there . And that 's just the way it has always been . ”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
According to him , Mr Okudzeto Ablakwa told him and some members of the Committee that “ they were spreading the corruption allegation ” because the Minister of Energy , Boakye Agyarko had labelled former President John Mahama as corrupt .
Member of Parliament ( MP ) for North Tongu , Samuel Okudzeto Ablakwa said the bribery allegation against Parliament 's Appointments Committee was in retaliation for corruption allegations leveled against the former president , Joseph Osei-Owusu has said .
Mr Osei-Owusu made this known Wednesday at the preliminary hearing of the ad-hoc committee constituted to investigate the bribery allegation that the Energy Minister offered some GH¢3,000 to the minority side of the Appointments Committee .
In his submission , Mr Osei-Owusu told the panel that when the news of the bribery allegation broke , he , together with some members from both sides of the Appointments Committee were in a meeting at the Speaker 's office to discuss and take a decision on whether or not to pass the nominees by consensus or by majority .
He said Mr Ayariga , who was in the Speaker 's room at the time the news broke , was attributed to have made the allegation on Accra-based Radio Gold .
Those present in the room , according to Mr Osei-Owusu were Mr Osei Kyei Mensah Bonsu , Mubarak Mohammed Muntaka , Sampson Ahi , Samuel Okudzeto Ablakwa , Joseph Yileh Chireh and Eric Opoku .
According to him , when a consensus was reached for the nominees to be passed by Parliament , he asked that the matter of bribery allegation be discussed but “ all the minority members said oh , Mr Speaker take your time , cool down , cool down and I said how can I cool down… [ when ] the person who made the allegation is here . ”
He stated however that , “ it was at that point that honourable Okudzeto Ablakwa said that because Agyarko said our president was corrupt , we were spreading the corruption allegation . So then the mood in the room changed . We all laughed to it and said oh so this was all there was to it . I then dropped my insistence . ”
According to Mr Osei-Owuau , in his report on the floor of Parliament , he included in the statement that the accusation , according to the minority , was in retaliation for the corruption allegations against the former president .
“ All the people who were in the meeting were in that room that evening . If that were not so , I would have thought that somebody would object what I was saying on the floor of the house . That will be borne out by the Hansard , ” he said .
According to Mr Osei-Owusu , Mr Okudzeto Ablkwa upheld his earlier statement when the MP for Adansi Asokwa , K. T. Hammond sought to verify his submission on the floor of Parliament from the North Tongu MP .
“ That same evening when we were leaving Parliament , honourable K. T. Hammond walked up to me to verify what I said on the floor and fortunately Okudzeto walked to us and K. T. Hammond asked him and he said “ yes , we wanted you to feel the same heat that John Mahama is feeling . ”
“ This was on the corridor walking up to our offices and Okudzeto said this in a response to a question put up by K. T. Hammond , ” he said .
Mr Osei-Owusu noted therefore that he was surprised to have heard on radio the following day that Mr Ayariga was still standing by his earlier comments made on Radio Gold .
“ After that we expected that the matter would die because parliament rose that evening after 7…on the way to Koforidua I received report that Ayariga had taken to social media to say that the allegation he made was true , ” he said .
Harrison Ford involved in incident with passenger jet , sources say – ABC News
Harrison Ford was involved in an incident involving a passenger jet , sources told ABC News .
The actor , who is also a private pilot , was landing a plane at John Wayne Airport in Orange County when he flew over an American Airlines 737 aircraft bound for Dallas – Ft. Worth .
There were no injuries and the FAA is currently investigating the situation .
Ford 's publicist told ABC News he had no official statement about the incident .
The “ Star Wars : The Force Awakens ” star , 74 , has been an avid airman for some time . In 2015 , he was injured when the World War II-era plane he was flying crashed on a golf course near Santa Monica , California . Just after takeoff , Ford reported engine trouble , according to National Transportation Safety Board investigator Patrick Jones , and then allegedly came up short of the runway .
“ The airplane Harrison was flying was an old model . It was built for slow speed and maneuverability , ” ABC News aviation consultant John Nance said at the time . “ I think what happened in this instance is the wheels dug into the wet ground and that made the aircraft stop too quickly . ”
That October , Ford told Jimmy Kimmel that he remembered the engine stopping and telling the tower that he was going to ignore their suggestion of continuing on the usual landing route . However , he added , that was “ the last thing I remember till five days afterwards . ”
“ I 'm told by the doctors that the amount of general anesthetic that I got induced retrograde amnesia , ” he said . ( WHITNEY LLOYD , ALEX STONE , JULIE SONE and LESLEY MES )
Link : http : //abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/harrison-ford-involved-incident-passenger-jet-sources/story ? id=45494619
506 total views , 506 views today
Texas Rangers relief pitcher Tony Barnette , right , looks down before being removed from the baseball game against the Houston Astros as catcher Jonathan Lucroy waits during the sixth inning , Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , in Houston . ( AP Photo/Eric Christian Smith )
Barnette failed to record an out in the horrific sixth inning Tuesday , allowing all four runners he faced to reach base in the Rangers ' 13-2 loss to Houston .
It pushed his season ERA to 7.23 . Over the last six weeks , things have gotten progressively worse . He has a 9.19 ERA since May 1 and has allowed opponents a .984 OPS . He has allowed runs in each of his last four outings .
Over the weekend , the Rangers will start to activate a string of players . To do so , they will have to make room on the roster . Barnette , who has minor league options remaining , could be in jeopardy of losing his spot . When the Rangers designated Dyson for assignment two weeks ago and then traded him to San Francisco , they did so because he had no minor league options remaining .
`` It 's been a challenge for him and this was the most challenging night we 've seen for him in the year-plus that we 've had him , '' manager Jeff Banister said . `` We have n't seen him miss as consistently as he did tonight . I 'm sure he 's fighting himself a little bit right now . He was just incapable [ Wednesday ] of executing pitches . ''
Barnette entered in the sixth after Jeremy Jeffress had already started to make a mess of things by allowing back-to-back homers by the bottom two hitters in the order , then allowing two more batters to reach .
Barnette walked Carlos Correa to load the bases , then lost a 10-pitch battle with Carlos Beltran , surrendering a walk on a ball that bounced three feet in front of the plate . Brian McCann and Marwin Gonzalez each followed with singles , the latter driving in two runs , before Banister removed Barnette .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Anthony Joshua will continue his quest to be crowned the undisputed world heavyweight champion when he faces New Zealander Joseph Parker in Cardiff on March 31 .
Joshua , who holds the WBA and IBF versions of the title , will add Parker 's WBO belt if he triumphs at the Principality Stadium , leaving only American WBC champion Deontay Wilder on his title hit-list .
The announcement brings an end to months of fractious negotiations with Parker , who defended his crown with a point win over Hughie Fury in Manchester in September and was holding out for a bigger percentage of the purse .
It will be Joshua 's first fight since a gruelling late stoppage win over late replacement Carlos Takam at the same venue in October and a win will move him closer to his goal of being the first heavyweight to hold all four major belts simultaneously .
( Image : PA )
Joshua said : `` I would like to announce the official news that myself and Joseph Parker will be fighting on March 31 at Principality Stadium in Cardiff .
`` It is a unification heavyweight championship fight . We all know what happened last time I was in a unification heavyweight championship fight - it was gruelling , it was interesting and we both left the ring with masses of respect .
`` These fights are n't easy because there is a lot on the line , so respect to team Parker for taking the challenge . I am looking forward to it , training camp is under way and before you know it March 31 will be upon us . ''
Parker , who has won 18 of his 24 professional bouts inside the distance , is the natural next step for Joshua despite his underwhelming performance against the back-pedalling Fury , when he escaped with a majority decision .
( Image : PA )
The 26-year-old claimed the WBO crown by beating Andy Ruiz Jr in Auckland in December 2016 and made a low-key defence against Razvan Cojanu before venturing out of the southern hemisphere for only the fourth time to face Fury .
It was this relatively low-key career - in stark contrast to Joshua 's stadium-filling antics against the likes of Wladimir Klitschko - which prompted the disparity in expectations between the two negotiating parties .
The problem for Joshua 's camp was the lack of obvious alternatives in a relatively low-key division , with a deal with Wilder still some distance away and former champion Tyson Fury still yet to return .
Parker clearly believes Joshua may be underestimating him , insisting : `` Anthony Joshua is in for a huge shock . A couple of months ago I heard him say 'why should I be worried about this little kid from New Zealand ' ?
`` Well , now he 's about to find out . And the world is about to find out whether AJ can really take a punch . My entire existence is now devoted to proving what the boxing world already knows . ''
What are the odds ?
Anthony Joshua 1/7
Joseph Parker 13/2
Draw 20/1
When is it ?
March 31 , 2018 .
Read More Forthcoming boxing matches Groves-Smith
Haye-Bellew
Joshua-Parker
Golovkin-Canelo
Where is it ?
Cardiff 's Principality Stadium , where Joshua successfully defended his titles against Carlos Takam - will host the bout .
PARIS , Ill. ( WTHI ) – The Rachel and Michael Perisho are in the middle of a journey spanning almost four years .
The couple has tried several avenues to conceive a child .
After many early miscarriages , two stillborn angels , Milo and Amellia , and two failed in vitro fertilizations , Rachel and Michael decided it was time to consider adoption .
Rachel says , “ We just want to grow our family and get our rainbow . We 're ready for the storm to pass . We 're ready . It 's time . ”
The Perisho 's have opted for private adoption , and while money 's not what the hopeful parents are most worried about , it is a factor in that decision .
Rachel says , “ They 'll put up a price you know , $ 35,000 . But after you 're done with your home study , which we 're still in the process of being home study approved , that 's $ 4,000 . Then you have the lawyer 's fees and the agency 's fees for their appointments and the counseling of the expectant mother or the birth mother . You 're looking at upwards of $ 50,000 . ”
Rachel adds , “ We see her ( Amellia 's ) crib every day . But it 's there waiting full of hope . It 's waiting for that baby to come to fill it . And at one point it was very painful to see it sitting there . But after that pain passed , it became our goal . It 's like , okay , one day we will have our little one in that crib next to us . ”
Rachel says there are more risks with private adoptions like the possibility of it falling through , or people not being truthful .
But the Perisho 's are pushing through those risks , and pushing their story to others through social media .
Perisho says , “ I have friends in Washington State . I have friends from here that have moved to you know , California or New York . Things like that . And I thought Facebook would be a good way to reach people that are not just of my little area . ”
A little digging on Facebook reveals social media is a popular place for hopeful parents to reach out .
Rachel says of her more than 400 shares , there 's only been two fairly hopeful bites .
But the Perisho 's are not giving up .
Rachel says , “ I would say three-fourths of those shares are people I do n't even know . It 's inspiring . It gives us hope that there are people that care . It only takes two seconds to hit ‘ share . ' ”
A simple click of your mouse could lead to the Perisho 's finding their rainbow .
If you or someone you know is considering placing a child for adoption , the best way to reach Rachel is via Facebook Messenger . She can also be reached by phone at ( 217 ) 264-4215 . Serious inquiries only , please .
To view and share Rachel 's original post , click here !
If you would like to help share the Perisho 's story even further , share the link to this story from our website !
All the fuss around the eventual selection for Team USA this year and their bid to win the Chamberlain Trophy for the first time since 2011 meant the final announcement was almost one of relief . On the roster are two riders with intimate knowledge of Grand Prix and the tracks and how promoters Youthstream go about organizing the flagship Motocross of Nations . Nobody who follows motocross can deny that Zach Osborne has earned his 250 slot ( although it has to be pointed out that he actually rides a 450 pretty damn well and won a qualifying moto at the 2009 Nations for Puerto Rico at Donington Park , also in the UK ) and the decision to slot a second Husqvarna rider into the mix in the form of Thomas Covingon—an athlete who has raced at Matterley Basin , the site of this year 's MxoN on October 1—for the last four years could prove to be shrewd move by Roger DeCoster . For several years the difference between Team USA and their rivals has largely been down to some freak incidents or mastery of the distinctly European tracks . With Osborne and Covington onboard the team now have personnel with that kind of data in their hard drives . Covington 's inclusion might have raised eyebrows in some quarters , but he is having a decent season here in MX2 . He was an outside bet at the 2017 title and although he 's been inconsistent at times , he has also won three motos and has Grand Prix wins to his name . He has had the speed to lead this category whether on sand or the harsh hard pack found at last weekend 's Swiss Grand Prix . “ I 'm happy for Thomas , ” said friend and Monster Energy DRT Kawasaki rider Tommy Searle . “ He has done well all year and better than a lot of Americans who have come over here . He has worked hard , he lives on his own and deserves a lot of credit for being in a position to put himself to be on the team. ” Thomas sat down to chat with us while still wiping away the sweat of a run to second place in the second moto at Frauenfeld-Gachnang in Switzerland . He preferred to get the business of the Swiss Grand Prix out of the way before talking about an event seven weeks further down the line . This weekend 's event was promising , as the Swiss soil was rough and rutty and could bare similarities to the English terrain at Matterley Basin . Covington 's run to second in the second MX2 moto could be a sign of just how competitive he could be at the ‘ Nations . Racer X : First of all : fourth overall here and the heavy crash from Belgium did n't seem to affect you too much .
Thomas Covington : No , when I crashed all the muscles in my back kinda locked up and I could n't move . I tried to get up but then thought “ Okay , that 's not happening. ” The paramedics were a bit scared and kept me trackside for a while and carried me off on the stretcher , but the next morning I felt all right . I felt good this weekend actually . I missed the start in the first moto and tried to cut up the inside , but nothing [ was ] there and I had to work really hard to come back through the pack to seventh and I think that 's why in the second one I gave-out a little bit with [ Benoit ] Paturel putting pressure on me for the lead . I did n't have anything left . I was happy with the second race though . It was a decent weekend .
What kind of beast was this track ? It looked pretty technical out there .
Yeah , really technical . Last year it started wetter , but it was more technical this time . They soaked the track last night and in warm-up it was so muddy . It made the track super difficult because all the ruts were so deep and it was hard to find a flow . This is typically the kind of track I do well on , so I enjoyed it . Coming to another matter , your name has been buzzing around the internet for the last 24 hours . When did you first think you 'd be in the frame for Team USA ?
Oh , when [ Eli ] Tomac said he was n't going to do it then it kinda popped into my head . I did n't presume I was better than a lot of 250 guys over there [ in the U.S. ] , but I do have a lot of experience at Matterley and on that [ metal ] gate , and my starts are normally pretty good . I felt I could go well on that track . I rode the 450 while I was at home in California before Mexico and it suited me really well ; I loved it and my speed was really good . I ended up writing Roger [ DeCoster ] an email out of the blue and told him I was available and if he wanted to give me the opportunity then I 'd be honored . We talked back and forth for a couple of weeks and earlier this week he sent me an email and pretty much said I was in and it 'd be announced at Unadilla . It is a bit crazy actually and it was hard to focus on the race this weekend to be honest . A lot of people were talking about it online . It is one of those things where you wonder “ Will I ever get that opportunity ? ” and I do n't think many people do . I do n't take it lightly at all and I 'm super excited . That email and conversation seems typical of your proactivity with coming to Europe , repeadtedly attempting MX2 and changing teams and homes and epitomises the notion that if you do n't ask then you 'll never know .
Yeah , exactly . Obviously I know Roger is from Belgium and follows the World Championship a little bit even if he has been in the States for a long time . I do n't know if he ever had me in mind , but it turned out that he did and thought it was a good idea . I 'm excited he 's given me the shot .
Recommended Reading
Has it meant a quick change of schedule for you ?
Actually I was initially planning on racing for Puerto Rico . I did n't think there was a chance of racing for the U.S. so I 'd been talking to the Puerto Rico guy all year . I actually spoke to him at Maggiora [ Italy , site of the 2016 MxoN ] and lined it up . As soon as I found out I was in for the USA I emailed the guy and asked if that was going to be a problem swithching and he sent a light-hearted reply saying he had been waiting for them to announce before he had sent in my entry . He was cool about it . Any idea what it will feel like ? Matterley is quite an epic circuit anyway but there will be double the amount of press , fans , attention , expectation , and so on .
I 've been talking about it through the last part of this week . All the details like the colours , graphics , painting , and trying to get everything lined up is exciting . You might only get this chance once you know ? I want to make the most of it . Typically , I do pretty well when there is a lot of pressure on me and there will be a big crowd at Matterley , but it is one of my favourite tracks and I look forward to it every year . It was my first European race . I love the place . It will be cool to ride with Zach Osborne , I know him pretty well and [ Cole ] Seely too . I do n't know him that much , but people seem to think he is quite cool . I think it is a pretty popular team actually . I expected a lot more haters when it was announced , especially with me on the team—people saying I did n't deserve it . It has been mainly positive stuff and everyone is mostly pulling for us and that 's great to see .
Covington went 7-2 at the MXGP of Switzerland this past weekend . Husqvarna Images
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa-conquering Barnsley manager Paul Heckingbottom has revealed that he used the departures of Conor Hourihane and James Bree to inspire his players to victory at Villa Park last night .
Barnsley ran out worthy 3-1 winners against Steve Bruce 's big spenders thanks to goals from Adam Armstrong ( pen ) and Tom Bradshaw ( 2 ) .
Jonathan Kodjia replied late in the first half for Villa , but they rarely threatened a Barnsley side who continue to defy the odds in the Championship .
The heroic Bradshaw cost just £650,000 in comparison to Villa 's £30million strikeforce of Jonathan Kodjia and Scott Hogan .
And it 's precisely this kind of numbers that ‘ Hecky ' uses to motivate his players when they play the giants of the division .
He said : “ We use the fact that we are a small group of players , small group of staff , with a small budget .
“ We do n't shy away from what we 're short of , we use it as motivation to bridge the gap .
“ It 's a fixture that we were looking forward to from the beginning of the season , but losing two players here just added that little bit extra . ”
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
A man in his 40s was robbed of his cell phone Monday morning by an acquaintance who attacked him with a machete in the yard of a South Dorgenois Street home , New Orleans police said .
The victim was in the yard of a home in the 2600 block of South Dorgenois Street ( between Third and Fourth streets , about two blocks from the intersection of Broad and Washington ) around 10:45 a.m. Monday , April 24 , when an acquaintance showed up and started arguing with him , according to the initial NOPD report .
“ The subject produced a machete and began chasing the victim around the yard , ” the report states . “ The subject caught up with the victim struck him with the machete and then took his cell phone from his pocket . The subject fled the location in a red truck in unknown direction . ”
Further details were not immediately available . Anyone with information is urged to call the NOPD Sixth District station at 658-6060 to speak to a detective , or CrimeStoppers at 822-1111 to leave an anonymous tip that could be eligible for a cash reward .
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails Pause
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
1:30 Sweet notes at Medicine Creek Winery 's Chocolate and Wine Festival
2:13 Washington state Gov . Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
4:54 Bulked-up Felix Hernandez arrives at spring training , feels great
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn 's resignation
1:45 Thurston County election night party in Olympia
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations , business dealings in first post-election press conference
4:11 Lorenzo Romar discusses Huskies 85-61 loss at Utah
Giraffe to give birth at New York zoo
Video from the Animal Adventure Park in New York .
April , the giraffe , is giving birth to her fourth calf .
The calf will weigh around 150 pounds and be about six feet tall at birth . Giraffe pregnancies last about 15 months .
Watch the YouTube stream here .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Police have arrested ten burglary suspects including a 15-year-old after break-ins in Birmingham and the Black Country .
The suspects have been taken into custody for offences ranging from a school break-in to house burglary .
Officers arrested five youths in the early hours of this morning after reports of a burglary at Rosslyn School , Hall Green .
They were aged 15-17 .
In total , police have arrested ten burglary and theft suspects over the weekend .
The other arrests include two men aged 18 and 26 on suspicion of stealing TVs from a house in Stourbridge Road , Dudley .
Officers have also arrested a 36 year-old man for taking meat from Farm Foods , Wednesbury , earlier this month .
Meanwhile , police are continuing to hunt burglars who threatened a new-born baby in a raid in Balsall Heath .
Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 .
Lisa Bonner
Anguilla , the tiny Caribbean island of 14 miles long by 3 miles wide , is big on charm and local culture . With several improvements on the island 's infrastructure , Anguilla is finally emerging from the shadows of its more famous neighbor , St. Barths , and poised to take the spotlight as a destination in its own right .
Just an easy one hour flight from Miami , you 'll be sunning on this island in no time . Renowned for its powdery white sand beaches and crystal blue waters this destination is the perfect place to do as much or as little as you want . If a girl 's trip is on your mind , there are tons of activities to keep you and your besties busy . But if you 're in a flirtatious mood , this little island is filled with gorgeous brown island men .
HOW TO GET THERE : If you listen to most people , they will tell you to fly to St. Martin and take a ferry over . Quite frankly , I found this primitive and a waste of time . Who wants to leave the airport , drag your bags to a ferry landing then take a ferry across the water when there 's an easier ( and chic-er ) way ? Enter Tradewind Aviation . For the cost of all that inconvenience , you could fly in a classy charter jet with a snack , wine and handsome pilots ! A quick 60 minute flight from Miami and you 're on the tarmac in Anguilla with bags in hand , refreshed and ready to hit the beach . Email charter @ tradewind.com or visit www.flytradewind.com to look at their schedules and book your flight !
WHERE TO STAY : You have plenty of options on this beautiful island . Whether you want a villa or hotel , this island has it all . My choice was the brand-new hotel , The Reef by CuisinArt , owned by the same person , Leandro Rizzuto who owns the kitchen appliances CuisinArt ( and Rusk hair products ) and for me , this was every-thing !
First , let 's start with the old adage : location , location , location . The hotel is centrally located , and since this is a small island , there are no highways , and my vacation time is always at a premium . Just a quick 20 minute ride from the airport , The Reef is located on a gorgeous stretch of beach on Merrywing Bay , with dramatic views of the ocean from the hotel and most guestrooms . A member of the Small Luxury Hotels of the World , this hotel gives you a two for one , it has reciprocity ( and a free shuttle ) with its sister hotel , the CuisinArt Golf & Spa Resort located next door .
Secondly , the food ! Although Anguilla 's climate and terrain is n't hospital to growing vegetables , because there 's not an abundance of fresh water , aside from reverse osmosis , most of the food other than seafood , is imported to the island . Solution : Mr. Rizzuto built an 18,000 square foot greenhouse/hydroponic farm at the CuisinArt , which uses only water and nutrients , no soil ! They grow all their own vegetables and herbs ( for the cocktails , of course ) in the greenhouse for both hotels . You can take a tour of the greenhouse where you 'll see about 10 different types of lettuce , every tomato variation imaginable , fresh mint , cucumbers , everything ! It was like a vegetable paradise and unlike anything I 've ever tasted ( that 's saying a lot for someone who has n't eaten meat in 21 years ) . No doubt , the kitchen connoisseur knows the art of cuisine ( it 's in the name ) , so when I tell you the food throughout the hotel is BEYOND , this foodie means it . Fresh smoothies abound . Gluten free , no problem . And do n't forget to book a seat at The Chef 's Table to watch Jasper , the Executive Chef , work his magic with an 8-course meal and wines selected by the resident sommelier to complement each course . If you want to venture offsite , Smokey 's At The Cove , is right next door to the Reef . Smokey 's has a varied menu , with lots of vegetarian options , Caribbean favorites , and fabulous drinks with beachfront dining to chill and catch some rays . They do n't have a website , but just ask the front desk or any islander . It 's really that good that the name speaks for itself .
Here 's the good part , there was so much to do between the 2 hotels that I really did n't have to leave to do much . Have you ever tried aquacycling ? It 's like a spin class in the water , I did that a few times in The Reef 's infinity pool , which was hella fun ! I did yoga daily , so between the two , I did n't feel as bad when I ate and drank my weight in food daily at Breezes , the hotel 's beachfront bar , complete with a resident DJ who spins live tunes every afternoon from 3-6 .
If you go with kids , do n't forget to check out Anguilla Aqua Park , located adjacent to The Reef , the largest inflatable water park in the Caribbean . If you want to shop , Anguilla probably is n't the best option , but head over to The Valley , which is a cute little enclave that has lots of local arts , crafts and art galleries . You can always hop on the ferry and head over to St. Martin to shop , but with so much to do in Anguilla , my recommendation is to stay put and enjoy the island 's charm .
I 'm a certified SCUBA Diver , so I 'm always looking for great places to dive . I often convince my friends to come along and try a Discover SCUBA dive course , or go snorkeling , which is always a fave for the kids . Anguilla has crystal clear water which is great for diving , it also has lots of shipwrecks and underground caves to explore . I chose the SCUBA Shack because it 's the only PADI ( certified ) SCUBA facility . Not a diver , no problem , hop on the boat and snorkel or just sun on the boat . Do n't want to leave the hotel , The Reef has Anguilla Water Sports which offers glass bottom kayaking , a water trampoline and other water sports . If you are a golfer , it pays to note that The CuisinArt is home to the only golf course on the island and it 's a world championship golf course designed by Greg Norman ! Not too shabby !
If you 're looking for something fun to do for Memorial Day , Anguilla is a great choice . The Reef is hosting a Memorial Day party , with music by the legendary DJ D-Nice . The Reef hosted a blow out party featuring D-Nice for New Year 's Eve and it was such a hit , they decided to bring him back for part 2 . Aside from being a super cool guy , he knows how to bring the party so make plans , gather your girls , hop on the flight and get your groove , food , life on in Anguilla !
RELATED LINKS
# HelloWorld : Do Black Women Unfairly Get Their Hair Patted Down At The Airport ?
# HelloWorld : How To Island Hop Through The U.S. & British Virgin Islands Like A Pro
# HelloWorld : The Evolution Of The Israeli Fashion Scene
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
England fans declared the World Cup knockout curse over after the Three Lions ' dramatic penalty shootout win over Colombia .
Midfielder Eric Dier slotted home the winning spot kick to confirm England 's place in the last eight of the tournament , sending the relatively few England fans in the stadium and nearby bar into raptures .
The national side 's first knockout win in 12 years and only the second shootout win in eight attempts , along with a quarter final draw against Sweden , had many supporters believing `` football 's coming home '' .
Baddiel , Skinner and the Lighting Seeds sang it in 1996 , and then again in 1998 , and in 2018 it might finally really be coming home .
And suitably it was Baddiel who lead the calls by tweeting a picture of himself and his former Fantasy Football partner celebrating along with the caption : `` It 's just about still coming home . ''
Kensington Palace tweeted the team congratulations from the Duke of Cambridge , signing the tweet W .
Former England striker Gary Lineker tweeted : `` Football . There is nothing like it . Nothing . ''
Fellow former Three Lions star Alan Shearer simply said : `` Yesssssssss boys yeeesss yes yes # RUSSIA-2018 @ England . ''
Alastair and Gillian Robertson , who moved to Moscow from Sevenoaks , in Kent , for work 18 months ago , spoke of their delight at seeing the hoodoo lifted .
Mr Robertson , 44 , said : `` If England can win a penalty for the first time in I do n't know how many years - 50 years of hurt , we win on penalties then we can go all the way .
`` And the next round Sweden , all respect to Sweden it 's going to be a great game but I think our boys will step up . ''
Barney Corkhill , 26 , who is originally from Bath but lives in Peckham , south-east London , agreed .
He said : `` At full time I was telling people around me , 'Yes we are going to win on penalties ' - I did n't believe it .
`` I actually predicted we would get knocked out to Colombia in the last 16 so I was already worried .
`` It 's coming home , is n't it ?
`` This round is looking very nice for us - Sweden is the best chance and then hopefully Russia gets through and we play them in the semi-final .
`` Russia-England semi-final would be brilliant out here . I think people would be worried about coming out because of the trouble , but from what I 've seen , there wo n't be any trouble .
`` And then we beat Brazil in the final and it 's home - it is easy . ''
Brendan Collins , 30 , described the match as an `` emotional rollercoaster '' .
`` We won and to win on penalties was probably a massive boost to the ego , '' Mr Collins , who is originally from Manchester but has lived in Stavropol for 18 months and Russia on and off for five years , said .
`` When it went to penalties , we had a lot of people around us like , 'hmmm ' .
`` But it 's broken the curse now , it 's coming home .
`` I think given the penalties have broken the curse , we 're going all the way - 2-1 in the final against France . ''
By Bryan Gapinski
Wilmot , Wis. , June 30-Davey Ray scored his second straight “ clean sweep ” winning the 20-lap Zimbrick Chevrolet of Sun Prairie Badger Midget Racing Series feature Saturday Night at Wilmot Raceway .
Polesitter Tyler Baran took the lead at the start , while Ray began improving his position each lap , after starting in tenth place , by virtue of setting fast time earlier in the evening during qualifications . Ray chased down Baran , passing the Illinois driver for the lead on the seventh lap . Ray driving the Mark Ray owned DRC/Honda No . 3 led the remainder of the distance to score his 19th career Badger Midget feature victory .
Andrew Felker , Chase McDermand , Scott Hatton , and Jack Rouston completed the top five feature finishers . Ray also claimed the Advance Race Suspensions Passing award improving nine starting positions . Sixteenth place finishing Jake Goeglein won the Howard Law Cash Draw , a bonus for a randomly selected feature finishing position .
Hatton holds a thirty-two point lead over Kevin Olson heading into the July 7-8 doubleheader weekend . Saturday July 7 the series visits Sycamore ( Ill. ) Speedway , the event will be co-sanctioned with the POWRi Lucas Oil Regional Midget Series . Sunday July 8 Badger joins the POWRi Lucas Oil National Midget League for the 37th annual “ Pepsi Midget Nationals at Angell Park Speedway ( Sun Prairie , Wis . )
SUMMARY
25-lap Feature : 1 . Davey Ray ; 2 . Andrew Felker ; 3 . 25-lap Feature : 1 . Davey Ray ; 2 . Andrew Felker ; 3 . Chase McDermand ; 4 . Scott Hatton ; 5 . Jack Rouston ; 6 . Zach Boden ; 7 . Kurt Mayhew ; 8 . Mitchell Davis ; 9 . Kevin Olson ; 10 . Ryan Probst ; 11 . Mike Stroik ; 12 . John Smith ; 13 . Kevin Frederiksen ; 14 . Kyle Brinkman ; 15 . Kyle Koch ; 16 . Jake Goeglein ; 17 . Mike Under ; 18 . Ken Hansen ; 19 . Harrison Kleven ; 20 . Laura Smith ; 21 . Tyler Baran ; 22 . Jordan Mattson ; 23 . Vince Bartlotta .
8-lap Engler Machine Heat Race Winner : Koch .
8-lap DMI Heat Race Winner : McDermond .
8-lap All-Star Heat & Air Cond . Heat Race Winner : Ray .
Fast Time : Ray , 15.175 seconds .
Cars Present : 23 Feature Lap Leaders : Baran 1-7 , Ray 8-20 .
Current Badger Midget Series Points : 1 . Hatton 468 ; 2 . Olson 436 ; 3 . Baran 396 ; 4 . Probst 349 ; 5 . Boden 341 ; 6 . McDermand 314 ; 7 . Felker 308 ; 8 . Mayhew 271 ; 9 . Ray 232 ; 10 . Jeff Zelinski 223 .
RACE NOTES
—For Ray the Wilmot victory marked the fifth different track , he has won a Badger sanctioned feature at during at his career . Ray 's previous Badger feature winning tracks include : Angell Park Speedway , Beaver Dam Raceway , Hales Corners Speedway , and the Winnebago County Fairgrounds .
—Vince Bartolotta and Kevin Frederickson made their midget racing debut at the event .
—For Felker it marked the third straight Wilmot event , the Missouri driver has finished in the top three .
—For third place finisher Chase McDermond from Springfield , Ill. the event marked his best career Badger Midget Feature finish .
—Badger 's second appearance at Wilmot with be on Saturday Night Aug. 11 the 9th annual “ Salute to Harry Turner ” .
Customers of 11 plc formerly Mobil oil Nigeria plc , from the Western part of the country who participated in the ongoing “ Mobil Peel and Win promo and raffle draws for Mobil Super 1000 4Litre range of lubricants , ” had a field day last week as they carted away various gift items in the first draw held in Ibadan , the Oyo State capital .
The raffle draw witnessed by senior officials of the company and the Ibadan Zone of the consumer protection council ( CPC ) , saw over fifty customers going home with gift items ranging from engineering tools , gas cookers , generating sets , motorcycle , Tricycle , popular called Keke NAPEP , as well as cash prices .
The event which is the first series of Mobil Peel and Win promo and raffle draw is designed to reward lubricants consumers who are loyal to the Mobil Brand of Lubricant .
In his welcome address , Manager , Lubricant Sales and Marketing of 11 plc , Steve Ezendiokwere , said the promo is a part of the company 's efforts to appreciate their loyal customers as well as an opportunity to interface with them .
He promised that the company will not only continue to was engaged in marketing promotions of this nature , but assured that the draws of the promo will be held in all the six geopolitical zone of the country .
Expatiating the rationale behind the promo , he said , “ The Mobil ‘ Peel and Win ' promotion was conceived as our little way of rewarding those end-users with enduring faith in the Mobil brand ; such end-users who have truly demonstrated their loyalty to the brand despite the lure of some cheap and low quality lubricants in our market .
“ These categories of end-users include the car owners , motorcycle and tricycle owners/riders , generator operators/owners and most importantly auto-repairers and mechanics who constitute the membership of Nigeria Automobile and Technicians Association ( NATA ) . We are indeed grateful for their unwavering patronage and loyalty to our premium engine oil , the Mobil Super 1000 x1 20W-50 .
Speaking on the implications of the promo in the phase of recent developments in the company , he said the move is a clear testimony that things are beginning to change for better .
“ This development is coming following the recent management restructuring that gave birth to a more business inclined , refocused and reenergized organization , by name 11Plc ; formerly known as , Mobil Oil Nigeria plc , ” he said .
Speaking on behalf of the lucky winners , the duo of Oruponle , a police officer and winner of the motorcycle , and Mrs. Abiola Philips , winner of the Keke Napap , commended the company for the transparency in the exercise .
While lauding the development they state that the items they have won will go a long way to support their businesses and contributing immensely to their financial well being .
Shedding more light on product being promoted , the Managing Director , 11 Plc , Mr. Tunji Oyebanji , described the Mobil lubricant brand is one that can be trusted to deliver value for money to consumers .
“ We pride ourselves with the very high quality of our lubricants . Our assurances to you , the end-user , is that every Mobil brand of engine oil is professionally engineered and blended for the latest engine technology , the ideal product for newer engines or older ones in good conditions , delivering our best all-round performance , ” he said .
He added that , “ They provide and support extended engine service , leading to some cost-savings , and with other value-added benefits to users in different areas of interest . ”
The 11Plc management is poised and strongly determined , more than ever before , to continue to make available to the teeming end-users , our high quality engine oils in this market .
“ This is our covenant with you , the customer . This commitment is without the exclusion of other Mobil lubricant brands engineered for other specific applications . 11Plc will continue to be the leader in providing quality lubricants and lubrication supporting services in Nigeria .
“ These have set us apart from competition ; something we have been known for doing more than one hundred years in this economy and will continue to do for many years to come . This is because we are better placed to do so now . ”
“ More than even before , we are committed to doing so in the years ahead . We have the right manpower , a determined management and the Lube Oil Blending Plant ( LOBP ) that is currently being overhauled through major improvements in technology running into billions of Naira massive investments to make the given assurances above doubly assured . ”
Oyebanji , who further lauded customers for patronage , expressed appreciation to everyone who have used and still uses the Mobil brand of quality engine oil .
As iconic as this sign in left field is , it will be going away after the 2018 season . Ted S. Warren ASSOCIATED PRESS
High-flying tech start-up builds cloud campus in South Australia
PrimeQ set to create 72 new jobs as part of triple cloud investment across the state .
Andrew McAdams , CEO of PrimeQ
PrimeQ has revealed plans to build a cloud campus in South Australia , with the start-up set to create 72 new jobs as part of a major investment across the state .
Designed to drive cloud research and development , the Adelaide-based software provider will establish an Innovation Centre , 24/7 Technology Support Hub and Graduate Program , generating new roles within the next three years as a result .
PrimeQ 's investment will be supported by a $ 500,000 grant from the South Australian Government via Investment Attraction South Australia , and is designed to increase access to cloud technology expertise locally .
`` PrimeQ 's three projects will spark major growth in cloud services across Australia and New Zealand ( A/NZ ) , '' PrimeQ CEO Andrew McAdams said .
The move comes as end-user appetite for cloud computing increases across all aspects of the market , with 80 per cent of worldwide IT budgets expected to be spent on cloud services by 2025 .
`` PrimeQ 's Innovation Centre will build intellectual property capability within this state , placing South Australia leagues ahead in the innovation layer of cloud technology , '' McAdams explained .
Meanwhile , McAdams said the 24/7 Technology Support Hub will allow the company to expand the provision of skilled professional support , maintaining such services in South Australia rather than sending them offshore .
`` Our Graduate Program will see us work closely with South Australian universities and TAFEs to nurture new skills and expertise in the rapidly evolving cloud environment , '' he added .
`` Our investment firmly positions PrimeQ , from our South Australian headquarters , as the leading provider of cloud services across A/NZ . ''
Following launch plans , the South Australian Centre for Economic Studies has calculated that the value of the project 's GSP in its first 10 years would be $ 69.2 million .
`` PrimeQ has seen impressive growth in a short period and is to be commended on its commitment to keep growing this innovative business here in South Australia , '' Minister for Investment and Trade Martin Hamilton-Smith added .
Looking forward , Hamilton-Smith said the new jobs created will require highly technical and in-demand skills .
`` It 's IT graduates program is particularly exciting , as it represents a rare pathway for students to advance to senior ranks in highly skilled careers here in Adelaide , '' he added .
`` A third of the new 72 jobs will go to IT graduates . The skills and technical capabilities which will be created and fostered under the PrimeQ expansion represent high transformational value and potential to South Australia . ''
During the past 18 months , Investment Attraction South Australia has attracted around a $ 1 billion in new investment in projects , including Boeing , Inghams and Babcock , and more than 5200 jobs .
`` PrimeQ commends the State Government for its commitment to jobs growth in South Australia , '' PrimeQ chair Jane Yuile said .
1 2 Next Page
iStock/Thinkstock ( HOUSTON ) — One Texas high school that was heavily damaged from Hurricane Harvey reopened on Monday for the first time since the storm struck last August .
“ There 's been a lot of smiles this morning , ” Kingwood High School superintendent Elizabeth Fagen told ABC News . “ Students were yelling , ‘ We 're so excited ! ' ”
The Kingwood , Texas , school , located about 30 miles north of Houston , was closed for over six months after flooding from the hurricane damaged the split-level building .
The storm caused “ millions of dollars in damage , ” a spokesperson for the school district told ABC News .
All 2,782 Kingwood students were sent to another school in the district as repairs were taking place .
“ All the ceramic tile was removed down to the concrete slab , ” Fagen said of the flooring , and the walls and doors on the first and second floors had to be replaced .
The renovations included security enhancements and a brand-new gym , theater , and pool , which is still under construction .
Next weekend the high school is hosting an open house for the community to come and see the renovations .
“ We have people in our community still working through it , but I could n't be prouder of the way people here have handled the situation , ” Fagen said .
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : SpaceX to resume rocket flights after explosion
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
JT 's rallying cry
John Terry insists Aston Villa will bounce back from their 'disappointing ' defeats against Bolton and QPR , and admits the promotion push is still on .
The skipper was frustrated to lose ground on the top two as Villa slumped to back-to-back losses at bottom-half opponents .
With Cardiff 's game at Derby County postponed due to adverse weather conditions , the gap between Villa and second-place remains seven points .
Time is running out and leaders Wolves are now out of touch with a 13-point advantage but Terry is n't giving up .
`` After a great run , the last two results have been really disappointing , '' he posted on Instagram .
`` Unbelievable support yet again from the 4,324 supporters that travelled to Bolton in horrendous conditions to support the boys .
`` I know we will bounce back from this and push for promotion which has always been our aim from day one . ''
Elmo links up with Salah - and Egypt
Ahmed Elmohamady jetted off on international duty today alongside man-of-the-moment Mo Salah .
The Villa ace flew out to Portugal in preparation for Egypt 's friendly on Friday night .
Elmohamady will be part of the World Cup squad and the forthcoming friendlies against Portugal ( Friday ) and Greece ( next Tuesday ) will help the group prepare for the finals .
He posted a picture on Instagram alongside the Liverpool ace , Salah , who took his goal tally to 36 at the weekend .
Salah is in fine form this season and looks set to win the Premier League golden boot after his four strikes at the weekend took him to 28 goals for the campaign .
The striker also scored a stoppage-time penalty for his country to help them quality for the World Cup in Russia .
Elmohamady spoke about his excitement ahead of the tournament earlier this season but insisted that winning promotion back to the Premier League with Villa was his first concern .
`` I had two aims at the start of the season - to win promotion and to get to the World Cup , '' he said .
Who is your POTS so far ?
Scouted
Aston Villa are lining up a move for Feyenoord 's former Liverpool goalkeeper Brad Jones , reports the Sunday People .
Steve Bruce is planning to bolster his goalkeeping department in the summer and has reportedly sent Tony Coton to watch Jones in action recently .
Jones , 36 , has spent the past two seasons in Holland with Feyenoord as their No.1 having been an understudy throughout his career .
Alliv Notsa podcast
Bouncing back
Aston Villa loanee Aaron Tshibola played a part as Kilmarnock pulled off a very impressive victory at Rangers on Saturday .
The midfielder was reunited with Steve Clarke upon joining Killie on loan for the season , and the Ayshire club have been in sparkling form .
They 've lost just once in their last 15 games , sit fifth in the table and have taken seven points off the Gers in three matches against them this season .
Tshibola , who endured a rather unsuccessful time at MK Dons in the first half of the campaign , appears to have found his feet in a thriving Killie side who are secure in the top half of the SPL table .
Veteran Kris Boyd , who has now scored a remarkable 20 goals this season , bagged the winner against his old club on Saturday , tapping home a rebound from a Youssouf Mulumbu shot .
Tshibola , 23 , has made nine appearances for Killie , scoring once .
After the game , he posted on Instagram : “ Unbelievable win away at rangers , what a feeling . Great team work . would n't be possible without you supporters @ krisboyd.9 flames # Upthekillie # godiswonderful # Praisegod
Michael Dzwoniarek knows the exact moment he made up his mind . It was a magazine cover that did it . Not long after the 9/11 attacks , an intense Newsweek depiction of the Green Berets in Afghanistan resonated with the then-young Torrance native — and stayed with him ever since .
“ I still remember seeing that story and thinking , ‘ That is awesome . I want to do that , ' ” Dzwoniarek recalls now . “ Nothing has ever interested me the way this has . And I like the service aspect of doing something that 's bigger than myself . So now I 'm doing ‘ that . ' ”
On Friday , Dzwoniarek commissioned as a second lieutenant in the U.S. Army , putting a capstone on the goal he 's held in his mind since childhood . It 's also the culmination of his four years in Surfrider Battalion , the Reserve Officer Training Corps ( ROTC ) program at UC Santa Barbara . Two days after pinning a gold bar to his uniform , Dzwoniarek picked up a bachelor 's degree in sociology . And in three weeks , on July 7 , he 'll head to Fort Benning , Ga. , to start his new job as an active-duty infantry officer .
“ I 'm excited and nervous — change is always nerve-wracking — but I 'm stoked , ” Dzwoniarek said . “ I joined to be a soldier . I 've been training for this for four years . ”
The Army has been schooling cadets at UCSB for more than six decades . ROTC first came to the campus in 1947 , when UC Santa Barbara College , as it was then called , was still operating from its original Riviera location downtown . In those post-World War II days , participation was required of all incoming freshman and sophomore male students . The compulsory component was retired in 1962 ; the program was opened to females in 1974 .
Since graduating its first three cadets in 1949 , the UCSB battalion has seen more than 1,000 students commission as second lieutenants in the U.S. Army , U.S. Army Reserve or U.S. Army National Guard . In exchange for college scholarships , they contract to serve four years in active duty , or eight years in the Reserve or Guard .
It 's a commitment none takes lightly .
Not Eric Chu , a first-generation American who believes he 's “ had it a whole lot better ” in America than his parents did in their native Taiwan . Calling his determination to serve “ my way of giving back , ” the electrical engineering grad commissioned on Friday , got his degree on Saturday , and will begin active duty in August .
Not Alexandria Schmidt , a fourth-year Japanese major who aspires to a career in military intelligence and responds to questions about women in combat this way : “ If you 're getting carried out of a burning building , do you care if it 's a female or a male who 's carrying you out ? ”
Not Nadia West , a second-year cadet who participated in Junior ROTC in high school . Attesting to some nerves , “ because you do n't really know where you 'll end up , or what 's going to happen , ” she nonetheless said her military aspirations are “ the only thing I 've ever been sure of . ”
Not Dayquan Julienne , a born-and-bred military kid who lived in Virginia , Tennessee , Hawaii , California and Germany , twice , thanks to his father 's Army career . His older brother just commissioned as an Army officer , and he 's next , professing , “ I always knew I would do this . ”
And not Cody Clark , a newly commissioned history grad . The son of a former enlisted infantryman , he was a “ bored and tired ” community college freshman when he heard about ROTC from a friend . Today he credits the program with giving him focus — and a future .
“ In high school my grade-point average was so bad , but I get here and I have a 3.5 , ” said Clark , who transferred to UCSB from Santa Barbara City College . “ ROTC is motivation . It pushes me to do better . I 'm all in . I 'm contracted for 11 years active duty right now . ”
Clark will serve at least long enough for the Army to fund his graduate school , one of the perks that comes with an extended commitment . Cadet Chu plans to do the same . But even as undergrads — especially as undergrads , one could argue — opportunities abound in ROTC .
An array of language , training and service initiatives provide work , travel and educational experience . In some cases they also come with school credit , and a paycheck . Project GO , for instance , offers cash and course credit incentives for intensive , in-country training in so-deemed “ critical languages , ” including Arabic and Russian . Cultural Understanding Language Proficiency ( CULP ) is a summer immersion program that sends cadets into foreign countries for the humanitarian service and prolonged exposure to different cultures that the Army considers essential training for future officers .
Which is precisely the point . A vibrant education in military science , strategy and tactics run second to the leadership training that is at ROTC 's heart . By combining management theory with actual hands-on experience , Army ROTC aims to develop in its cadets self-discipline , physical stamina , and a multitude of other skills essential to commanding a unit . That the same qualities set them up for success in civilian life is an intentionally added bonus .
“ This is a program of officership , but ultimately these are future leaders of America , ” said UCSB professor of military science Lt. Col. George Davis . “ What I tell kids all the time is , whether you stay in for four years , or 24 years , you 'll probably need another job at some point –– you ca n't become a millionaire in the Army . ROTC is about future leadership . It 's about small business owners , government employees , law enforcement officers , and people who work for corporations . Some of the most sought-after people are military officers . ”
Once cadets commission and complete a subsequent mandatory officer 's course , they 're assigned a unit . For those on active duty , that means leading some 50 soldiers — potentially into harm 's way — only months after living the collegiate life in sunny Santa Barbara . The student soldiers of Surfrider Battalion are , unilaterally , unabashedly grateful to be launching their military lives in an environment that has allowed them that experience . To a man , and a woman , they are engaged in extracurricular activities — sports , fraternities , student government , volunteerism — and , in some cases , holding down part-time jobs .
Do they get up early for physical training ? Yes , three times per week . Do they take classes on military strategy and history ? They do , by way of weekly lectures with Davis . They also have regular tactical sessions on the beach , and twice yearly weekend exercises at Camp San Luis Obispo — a National Guard outpost — engaging in real-life military scenarios .
But they also find time for just plain fun . ROTC insists on it .
“ There 's no yelling and screaming going on — it 's not basic training , ” Davis said . “ We 're a support mechanism in many ways . We 're going to train them , mentor them , and help them all the way through , and make sure , from start to finish , that they 're taken care of . There is some tough love , but the more we show them how the military works , and still give them the opportunity to be college students , the better they 'll be as leaders . ”
The cadets are getting the message . In fact , said Nick Brischler , a sophomore double majoring in political science and history , “ We probably learn more about responsibility because it 's not strict and regimented . We 've got temptations , and we 've got priorities , and we have to manage our own time . That 's real life . And ROTC at UCSB gives you that perspective . ”
It 's a perspective that Dimitri Serrano describes as “ work hard , play hard. ” With one year left until he commissions and earns his bachelor 's degree in ecology and evolution , Serrano is embracing the ethos full bore . Open to any chance the Army gives him , he 's completed the Ranger Challenge ( a competition between ROTCs ) and the Bataan Memorial Death March ( a marathon commemorating the forced march of World War II prisoners of war ) . Last summer he went to Air Assault School ; this summer he 'll shadow a platoon leader for an up-close look at what it 's like to run a unit .
“ I do n't know if this is ultimately what I want to do my whole life , but I 'm excited not to know , ” said Serrano , who hopes to land in the Medical Service Corps or , like his grandfather , in the Military Police . “ I have an open mind . I 'm going to put the effort in and see what I get out , because this is a great opportunity and I know I 'll get great opportunities from it — things a lot of people probably wo n't be offered in their lifetimes . I want to do active duty service because I want to have an adventure . I 'm prepared for what 's to come . This is my commitment . ”
Tashii Brown Farmer was killed while in the custody of LVMPD .
FILE : Tashii Brown-Farmer 's mother spoke publicly for the first time since his death at a film screening in Las Vegas . ( FOX5 )
It 's been nearly one year since Tashii Brown-Farmer died in the custody of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department .
Investigations revealed Brown-Farmer was unarmed at the time of his arrest , and was not committing a crime . However , he was stunned seven times with a taser gun and one of the arresting officers put him in an unapproved choke-hold before he died .
At a press conference , shortly after the Brown-Farmer 's death , Metro Sheriff Joe Lombardo held a press conference announcing a formal review of the arresting officers tactics .
“ This process will allow the department to hold officer Lopera accountable for the internal policies , training and decision making during this incident , Lombardo said .
The body camera footage released by Metro Police sparked protests in the valley , along with the arrest of former Metro Police Officer Kenneth Lopera . Lopera was charged with involuntary manslaughter and oppression under color of office .
According to valley attorney Andre Lagomarsino , one person has been unable to watch the video leading up to Brown-Farmer 's death : his mother Trinita Farmer .
“ Till this day she had n't watched the video , ” Lagomarsino said . “ My client , Trinita has been grieving and it has n't gotten any better . She was very close with Tashii . They lived together , so it 's been especially hard for her to lose him , especially on Mother 's Day , the anniversary of his death . ”
Lagomarsino , who represents Farmer , said Farmer plans to spend her Mother 's Day gearing up to file a lawsuit against the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department .
“ By killing Tashii the way they did ... they violated his constitutional rights , ” Lagomarsino said . “ There was a duty to intervene , and so she is suing for the loss of her relationship with her son . ”
The attorney said the point of the lawsuit is to bring change in police policy .
“ ( We want ) to not allow LVNR restraints or later vascular neck restraints ... So nobody else has to go through what she 's going through , '' Lagomarsino said .
Metro arrested Lopera , the officer who used that restraint . calling it an unapproved choke-hold .
“ Even if there is an unapproved choke-hold being used , the sergeant was there and should have intervened , and did n't do so . ”
Most importantly , Lagomarsino said she does n't want anyone to forget what happened to her son in police custody .
Lopera 's criminal case has gone to a grand jury and according to the Las Vegas Police Protective Association , he is awaiting jury deliberation .
RELATED :
To recap : # TashiiBrown died in custody , one of the arresting officers used what Metro is calling an unapproved chokehold and tased him 7 times . pic.twitter.com/8E5VshcNhY — Chernéy Amhara ( @ CherneyAmharaTV ) May 3 , 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Margi Coats says her twin boys received the same diagnosis . But only one brother is getting better . Screenshot from Facebook
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Birmingham university has strengthened its senior management team with the appointment of a new head of arts and media .
Professor Alison Honour will join Birmingham City University ( BCU ) as pro-vice chancellor and executive dean of its faculty of arts , design and media .
In addition to this , she will oversee the Birmingham Institute of Fashion and Creative Art , a partnership between BCU and Wuhan Textile University in China .
Prof Honour is a national teaching fellow and principal fellow of the Higher Education Academy , originally training as a fine artist before taking on higher education leadership roles .
She spent ten years at Oxford Brookes University , rising to the position of associate dean student experience before becoming pro-vice chancellor of De Montfort 's faculty of arts , design and humanities in Leicester .
Prof Honour said : `` I am very excited about taking on this new challenge at Birmingham City University which has an outstanding reputation for producing creative arts graduates .
`` I ca n't wait to start working with the talented staff and students whose work has already impressed me hugely . ''
BCU 's faculty of arts is home to the Birmingham School of Media and the new Royal Birmingham Conservatoire , which opened last September and recently won an award from architecture industry body RIBA .
BCU 's vice-chancellor Philip Plowden said : `` Alison is a superb appointment for our university , with exactly the right blend of expertise , drive and passion to take our outstanding work across the creative arts to an even higher level .
`` This is an exciting time for our university and I know Alison will be a great asset in developing our offer across arts , design and the media , and in projecting our university 's transformation to new audiences . ''
She will start her new role in July alongside Prof David Roberts who will remain in charge of the faculty during a handover period until the end of that month .
FILE - In this Oct. 1 , 2017 , file photo , police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas . Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and additional officer reports about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history . A scheduled release of documents Wednesday , May 23 , 2018 , follows a court order in a public records lawsuit by The Associated Press and other media organizations seeking information about the Oct. 1 shooting . John Locher , File AP Photo
Good news to my constituents in Bien Unido and Talibon DPWH has allocated P5,000,000.00 for the Feasibility study of our request to construct the Bridge that will link the Municipality of Talibon via Barangay San Isidro to Barangay La Esperanza of Municipality of Bien Unido . I hope that this will be feasible and will give fulfilment of our dreams . Pls pray with me for the realisation of our project .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
This is the first picture of Keelan Wilson who suffered fatal injuries after being stabbed on Strathfield Walk in Wolverhampton .
The attack took place yards away from his grandfather 's home just before midnight on Tuesday May 29 .
Keelan was taken to hospital where he later died . West Midlands Police said as it launched a murder investigation .
His grandfather George Ellitts paid an emotional tribute to his 'kind hearted ' grandson who once raised hundreds of pounds for Great Ormond Street Hospital in a sponsored hair-cut .
( Image : SWNS )
Speaking outside the family home in Wolverhampton on Wednesday , Mr Ellitts said : “ To me , he was an angel . ”
He said : `` He 's lived with me all my life .
`` He raised a few hundred pounds for Great Ormond Street Hospital a few years back , he had his hair cut , he had the lot off . ''
Mr Ellitts added : “ They were all supposed to be going on holiday a week tomorrow , to Egypt . ”
He added that the boy 's mother Kelly , who also lived at the address just a few metres from the scene of the attack in Strathfield Walk , was “ in a bad way ” .
She was seen leaving the home in tears , being comforted by other family members , and getting into a car as scenes of crime officers continued forensic work behind the nearby police-tape cordon .
Mr Killits said Keelan who was due to celebrate his 16th birthday in July , and had just enrolled at college in Birmingham .
Chief Superintendent Jayne Meir called the tragic death a `` absolutely unnecessary '' incident .
Speaking on Langley Road , Merry Hill just metres from where police were called at 11pm to reports of a group of people fighting in the street , she said : “ We need to understand why this happened so it does n't happen to anybody else . ''
“ This was an absolutely unnecessary and tragic incident where a 15-year-old boy has lost his life . We need to stand up together as a community and stop this from happening .
“ Our young people are increasingly feeling the need to carry weapons . The natural consequence of carrying weapons is that people get injured and on this occasion , someone lost their lives . He [ Keelan ] was at the start of his life and it 's ended absolutely prematurely and we need to stop it happening to other young people in our city . ''
Specialist forensic examiners have been scouring at the scene all day with work expected to carry on into the evening .
Detectives from the force 's homicide unit have spoken to people living in the area and a mobile police station has been set up in the road should anyone want to talk to officers about what happened .
The West Midlands Police and Crime Commissioner , David Jamieson , said : “ For anyone to have their life taken in this way is truly heartbreaking . For this to happen to someone so young is almost incomprehensible .
“ The killing has devastated the victim 's family , friends and the wider West Midlands .
“ I have every confidence the police are working around the clock to catch those responsible and will bring them to justice .
Wolverhampton has four weapons bins People can surrender knives securely at these bins . They are available 24/7 and located at :
• New Testament Church of God , Wednesfield Road Heath Town
• Tabernacle Baptist Church , Dunstall Road , Whitmore Reans
• Morrisons Bilston , Black Country Route , Bilston
• St Chad and St Mark 's Church in Lime Street , Wolverhampton
“ This attack is another stark reminder that we must not tolerate the violent crimes that are plaguing communities up and down the country .
“ To help reverse the rise in violent crime I am investing an extra £2 million to tackle the causes . The initiatives include mentoring schemes to help young people make the right life choices , employing mediators to defuse gang violence and supporting individuals to escape the cycle of crime . ''
Anyone with information which may help solve this crime - or prevent other stabbings - should call the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 . Your information may result in a reward .
Uma Thurman arrives on May 28 , 2017 for the closing ceremony of the 70th edition of the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes , southern France . ANNE-CHRISTINE POUJOULAT/Getty Images
When all the allegations against now-disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein started coming out , many immediately wanted to hear from Uma Thurman . Few actresses had their careers so tied to Weinstein , who was an integral part of the two movies that turned Thurman into a star—Pulp Fiction and Kill Bill . But last year , when a reporter asked Thurman about the issue at a premiere , she very pointedly said she wanted to wait until she was less angry before speaking up . That time has now come , but Thurman explains that “ anger ” perhaps was not the best way to describe her state then .
“ I used the word ‘ anger ' but I was more worried about crying , to tell you the truth , ” she told Maureen Down of the New York Times in an interview published online Saturday in which the actress not only details the unwanted advances by Weinstein and also discusses how her relationship with Quentin Tarantino soured after she tried to advocate for herself in a dangerous scene . She also expresses guilt about not speaking up earlier : “ The complicated feeling I have about Harvey is how bad I feel about all the women that were attacked after I was . ”
Some actresses have spoken about how Weinstein attacked them pretty much when they first met . That was n't Thurman 's case . “ I knew him pretty well before he attacked me , ” she said . “ He used to spend hours talking to me about material and complimenting my mind and validating me . It possibly made me overlook warning signs. ” When Weinstein took off his bathrobe in front of her—a move he apparently did to a lot of women—in his hotel room in Paris once , she did n't think much of it . “ I did n't feel threatened , ” she recalls . “ I thought he was being super idiosyncratic , like this was your kooky , eccentric uncle. ” But then he led her to a sauna while she was in her “ full black leather outfit. ” When she confronted him , he got flustered and left .
Then the first full-blown “ attack ” took place in London . “ It was such a bat to the head . He pushed me down . He tried to shove himself on me . He tried to expose himself . He did all kinds of unpleasant things . But he did n't actually put his back into it and force me . You 're like an animal wriggling away , like a lizard . I was doing anything I could to get the train back on the track . My track . Not his track. ” Afterward , Thurman warned him , “ If you do what you did to me to other people you will lose your career , your reputation , and your family , I promise you . ”
Thurman says her former agency , Creative Artists Agency , aided Weinstein 's behavior and also accuses Tarantino of not taking her complaints about Weinstein seriously . Tarantino later did confront Weinstein , who apologized . Weinstein confirmed the apology to the Times but after the piece came out , his team released several photos that apparently “ demonstrate the strong relationship Mr. Weinstein and Ms. Thurman had had over the years . ”
Although Weinstein 's team admits he made an “ awkward pass ” at Thurman after “ misreading her signals ” they insist there “ was no physical contact. ” The statement by Weinstein 's spokesperson also claims that “ Mr . Weinstein is saddened and puzzled as to ‘ why ' Ms. Thurman , someone he considers a colleague and a friend , waited 25 years to make these allegations public , noting that he and Ms. Thurman have shared a very close and mutually beneficial working relationship where they have made several very successful film projects together . ”
Although Thurman 's relationship with Tarantino was already strained , what ended up ruining it was how the director pushed her to drive a car that she did n't think was safe . She crashed and is still suffering from damaged knees as a result of that incident . It took Thurman 15 years to get footage of that incident , which is published in the Times article .
This Saturday , The Fund for Santa Barbara will host its annual Bread & Roses gathering from 4 to 8 p.m. at QAD , 100 Innovation Place in Summerland .
The yearly event brings together community leaders , volunteers , donors and supporters alike from across Santa Barbara County to celebrate with a catered dinner as well as both silent and live auctions while raising money for The Fund 's grant-making and technical assistance programs .
The Fund for Santa Barbara , a local nonprofit organization , has been an active supporter of community projects since 1980 and has awarded more than $ 4 million to more than 800 projects working towards social , political and economic change .
In distributing aid to local activists and organizers , The Fund utilizes both a grant-making program , providing financial help to local organizations , alongside a technical assistance program , contributing aid with development , funding , organization , lobbying and media strategies to various small groups . The Fund also aims to act as a local hub for proponents of change from throughout the nonprofit community .
The Bread & Roses event will feature a dinner catered by local restaurants , wineries and breweries , as well as silent and live auctions offering a number of items of various price ranges . More than $ 150,000 was raised at the event last year .
Proceeds earned in this year 's auctions will be used to provide grants and free technical assistance to local activists and organizations aiming to create change within the community . Additionally , the event aims to unite and provide networking opportunities for all sorts of local like-minded individuals .
Click here for more information .
— Noozhawk intern Sam Skopp can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk or @ NoozhawkNews . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
A 41-year-old man had his bail varied at Banbridge Magistrates Court last Thursday to allow him to visit his mother in the town .
Robert Foster , Hillhead Gardens , Banbridge , is charged with possession of cannabis on October 19 last year , having the drug with intent to supply and being concerned in the supply of cannabis .
The court heard that he was released on High Court bail on March 28 and a condition is that he is now allowed in Banbridge .
A police officer said it would be feared Foster would engage in further activity if he was allowed into Banbridge .
District Judge Liam McNally , after reading a letter handed in by Foster 's solicitor , said he was going to allow him to visit on one day a week .
And he warned the defendant that if was in Banbridge outside those hours it would be a breach of his bail .
The case against Foster was adjourned until May 4 .
ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE - President Donald Trump is not moving to fire US Special Counsel Robert Mueller but is frustrated by the length of the ongoing probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 US election , the White House said on Monday .
Spokesman Hogan Gidley told reporters on the Air Force One flight carrying Trump to New Hampshire that Trump 's weekend tweets criticizing Mueller by name do not presage a firing .
`` The president is not moving to get rid of Robert Mueller , '' he said . He said the tweets reflected `` some well-established frustration '' felt by Trump over the Russian investigation .
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
US officials announced Monday the arrest of a man who sought to detonate a bomb in Oklahoma City reminiscent of the deadly 1995 bombing by anti-government extremist Timothy McVeigh in the same city .
Jerry Varnell , 23 , was arrested Saturday after attempting to trigger what he thought was an ammonium nitrate fertilizer bomb — like McVeigh 's — outside a BancFirst branch in the center of the city , according to a criminal complaint filed in Oklahoma district court .
Varnell told an undercover FBI agent and a cooperating source he wanted to attack the government , with his initial target the Federal Reserve in Washington , eight blocks from the White House .
He also considered attacking data centers of Facebook and the Internal Revenue Service before settling on the bank in Oklahoma City , 130 miles ( 210 kilometers ) east of his home in Sayre , Oklahoma .
“ I think I 'm going to go with what the okc bomber used , ” Varnell allegedly told the FBI 's source in an encrypted message .
“ What happened in Oklahoma City was not an attack on America , it was retaliation , ” he later said . “ The time for revolution is now . ”
McVeigh killed 168 people when he exploded a fertilizer bomb outside a federal building in Oklahoma City on April 19 , 1995 . McVeigh was arrested soon afterward , imprisoned and in 2001 executed for the crime .
Varnell 's arrest was announced two days after white supremacist and extreme-right anti-government groups clashed with opponents in Charlottesville , Virginia . One woman killed when an extremist rammed his car into a crowd of counter-protestors , and two police officers died in a helicopter crash .
Varnell told investigators he supported the far-right “ III % ers ” anti-government movement and wanted to form his own armed militia .
But he told the undercover agent that , unlike McVeigh , he did not want to kill a lot of people with his bombing , but to “ cripple the government , ” according to the complaint .
Varnell also told the agent he wanted a way to communicate his message about the bombing to prevent other groups like Islamic State from claiming responsibility .
According to the complaint , Varnell and the FBI agent built the bomb in a van , with “ inert ” materials including blasting caps and dynamite that were all supplied by the agent .
The inert bomb was parked outside the bank and Varnell was immediately arrested early Saturday morning after he tried to use a cellphone to set it off .
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un 's half-brother , Kim Jong Nam . Kim , who was in his mid-forties , was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il 's children . He died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport .
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents , according to police , and was alone at the time of the arrest . Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim . One of them covered his face with a cloth before walking away . Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help .
Sources tell NPR his body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur . An autopsy will be performed .
After growing up in Western countries , Kim has been living outside North Korea for decades . He is believed to have homes in Macau , Beijing and Paris . In 2001 , Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents . He later said he was trying to bring his family to Tokyo Disneyland .
The big mystery , if he did n't die of natural causes , is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked , and why now .
`` I do n't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years , '' says Michael Madden , a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies , who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch .
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post , from Kuala Lumpur .
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma 's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
1:07 Highlights : Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
2:06 Mayor , residents react to Wal-Mart 's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
0:41 A year ago , Lake Nacimiento was almost dry . Here 's what it looks like now after the rain .
1:08 Damaged Oroville Dam spillway undergoes more water releases
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about his priorities in Congress
Aston Villa continue to pile pressure on Derby County with a 3-2 victory over Burton Albion at Villa Park - but it was more tense than it needed to be .
Scott Hogan opened the scoring for Villa on 33 minutes , rounding off a flowing moved which included a delightful throughball from Robert Snodgrass .
Albert Adomah doubled the lead on 65 minutes when he squeezed in a header at the back post after Snodgrass floated a measured cross from the right .
The Brewers made the Villa Park faithful nervous by pulling one back through an Ahmed Elmohamady own goal on 71 minutes .
Moments earlier Jack Grealish was booked for an alleged dive when it looked like a penalty and the Brummie midfielder later hit the bar with a curling effort .
But Grealish got the goal he deserved in the 88th when he volleyed in emphatically after Elomhamady crossed from the right .
The scoring was not over yet as Brewers substitute Liam Boyce wriggled through to make it 3-2 in stoppage time .
Steve Bruce kept faith with the XI who started the midweek victory at Sheffield United and it paid off as Villa made it six wins on the spin for the first time since 1990 .
Axel Tuanzebe was given his first run out as a Villa player with the Manhcester United loanee coming on as a substitute midway through the second-half .
The latest victory , in front of a crowd of 33,022 at Villa Park , leaves Villa in third , a point behind second-placed Derby .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI ( CBSMiami ) – You can hear and see them everywhere in Coconut Grove – hundreds of brilliantly colored peacocks who roam freely .
But they are not loved by everyone .
On Sunday , police said someone shot and killed a peacock .
“ It 's terrible because they 're part of us , part of nature , part of Coconut Grove , ” a resident said .
With the population exploding over the years , there have been ideas floated to control the peacocks . Some have suggested limiting breeding while others recommended shipping them to a sanctuary .
Whatever the idea , nothing has stuck .
“ We 've been dealing with this for 30 years , ” said Pam Noonan .
Noonan says the peacocks inhabiting her roof do n't keep her up at night anymore but they are a nuisance
“ There 's a lot of defecation because they live in the trees , an so , you know , that 's a constant battle to keep it clean , ” said Noonan . “ And then they eat everything , everything . ”
Miami Commissioner Ken Russell , who lives in Coconut Grove , said he 's studying legislation , like they 're looking at in South Miami , to prohibit the feeding of peacocks .
Miami is a bird sanctuary , he said , and the county has regulations protecting them . He said it 's essential to not feed the birds because it could encourage clustering .
Yet , it 's not uncommon to see residents feeding the peacocks .
“ I only feed them when they 're here , ” said one resident .
Getting bird lovers to stop the feeding will take time .
Fair or fowl , the peacocks are here to stay .
Giovanni Santos and Kaleb Jasper prevailed at No . 1 doubles , as did John Kelley and Tyler Garvin at No . 2 and Yagnik Patel and Gavin Duvall at No . 3 for the Blue Devils .
Kelley , Garvin , Santos , Jasper and Elijah Alexander were singles winners .
McKenna Sheridan poses with her car outside of the Alpha Chi Omega house in Eugene , Ore. on Sunday , March 18 , 2018 . ( Adam Eberhardt/Emerald )
Alpha Chi Uber helps members not walk around alone
Two weeks ago , after a spike in armed robberies around campus , McKenna Sheridan started working on implementing a rideshare system for her sorority to make sure that no girl walks home by herself at night .
The rideshare system is named Alpha Chi Uber , although this may change depending on whether or not they receive copyright usage from Uber .
Sheridan , the vice president for AXΩ 's risk management , said that they “ needed something to happen , ” after the recent increase in incidents around campus .
“ If anyone needs anything , they 're there for you , ” said Kourtynie Farasyn , a freshman member of AXΩ .
The day after one of AXΩ 's members said she was attacked , Sheridan started the process of building a rideshare system for the sorority . Sheridan keeps a running spreadsheet of drivers who volunteer for certain hours each day .
The rideshare system officially operates Thursday , Friday and Saturday , during whatever hours drivers volunteer for , and is open to any AXΩ member .
Sheridan created a closed Facebook page where drivers post their hours each night and girls can ask for rides . Recently , drivers started volunteering on nights during the week , and not just the official operational nights .
“ Some drivers will stick to certain hours and say they 're going to be done at 1 a.m. , while other drivers know that they 're going to be pulling all-nighters , ” Sheridan said .
According to Farasyn , there 's a Google document for every week to sign up as a volunteer driver . For just signing up with their phone number as an emergency contact , girls can earn one hour of community service , even if they end up not driving anyone .
March 8 started the first test week for Alpha Chi Uber , where 30-40 rides were given by 15 volunteer drivers , according to Sheridan .
Because it was coming up on dead week when the program started , Sheridan expects numbers to go up once spring term starts .
“ One of the important parts of this system is educating [ the ] girls that it 's not safe to walk home alone , ” Sheridan said .
Sheridan started creating “ Alpha Chi Uber Kits , ” for the volunteer drivers . These are small baskets for drivers to take with them when they start their night .
Kits include water bottles , gum , fruit snacks , candy , wet wipes and saltines . Drivers are given these kits to make the riders ' time more enjoyable .
This term , the drivers are paying out of pocket for gas , but Sheridan says that next term she will start doing a raffle every week for one or two drivers to win a gas gift card .
After the test weekend , Sheridan posted a survey on the Facebook page asking the girls if they felt that the rideshare system made a difference in their safety that weekend .
“ 100 percent of the girls that replied felt it made a difference , ” Sheridan said .
“ I do believe that it has increased our safety because people post on our page all the time about being able to drive or needing a ride , ” Farasyn said . “ That 's why it works so well . ”
Donating to the Daily Emerald We need you to support our mission . Please donate to independent non-profit student journalism .
Donate
Comments
Tell us what you think :
In the Alabama Republican Senate race , every candidate wants to be just like Donald Trump .
But in Tuesday 's primary , the leading candidate sounds and acts more like the president , while it 's the incumbent , an appointed senator just fighting to make it into a likely runoff , who has Trump 's actual blessing — but also the curse of being Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell 's favorite candidate .
That 's the conundrum of the Republican contest , largely seen as a three-way race between front-runner Roy Moore , a controversial former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice ; Sen. Luther Strange , appointed back in February to fill the seat of now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions ; and Rep. Mo Brooks , who 's seized on an anti-McConnell platform as the president 's attacks against the Senate 's top Republican have intensified recently .
Moore has consistently polled atop the field , and looks likely to claim a spot in a probable September runoff . His ads sound downright Trumpian , promising to `` drain the swamp '' and taking a swipe at D.C. elites .
Moore is well-known throughout the state — and the country — too . He first gained national notoriety when he refused to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments from a state judicial building despite a federal court order ; Moore himself was then removed from his position as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 2003 . He won election to the same post again in 2012 , but was then suspended after he ordered judges to enforce the state 's ban on same-sex marriage despite the Supreme Court 's 2015 decision in favor of gay marriage nationwide under the federal Constitution . He resigned earlier this year to challenge Strange .
To state observers , it 's not surprising that Moore has been able to build a strong following and even expand beyond what might be his typical conservative base in the state .
`` Alabama voters supported Trump because he spoke his mind and said all the things they had been thinking about government , '' said Brent Buchanan , a GOP strategist and pollster in the state . `` Out of all the candidates , Roy Moore has some of those similar characteristics . You may not agree with all of his policy or personal preferences , but you know that Roy Moore is going to do what Roy Moore believes . ''
That 's why it was so , well , strange last week when Trump tweeted out his support for Strange , saying the incumbent has his `` complete and total endorsement ! ''
The senator has benefited from millions of dollars in ads from the McConnell-aligned Senate Leadership Fund super PAC . The very next day after endorsing Strange , Trump started going on Twitter tirades against the GOP Senate leader for failing to pass a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act .
Strange has tried to prove his loyalty to the president ever since he was appointed under less than auspicious circumstances . As Alabama 's attorney general , Strange was investigating then-Gov . Robert Bentley for misuse of his office amid a sex scandal when Bentley chose Strange to replace Sessions . Facing impeachment , Bentley eventually resigned , and the new governor , Kay Ivey , moved up the date for the special election to replace Sessions long-term .
Polling done in the wake of Trump 's surprise endorsement showed that the president 's blessing had done little — yet — to move the needle toward Strange . One by cygnal , Buchanan 's firm , conducted partly after the endorsement , showed Moore still with a lead and high favorables , Strange remained static and it was Brooks who took a hit .
Buchanan said the Trump endorsement could help Strange turn out some who were less likely to vote on Tuesday , which could be key in what 's already expected to be a very low-turnout affair .
And the pro-Trump America First Action super PAC also announced late Friday it would be spending up to $ 200,000 on digital ads targeting Trump voters to encourage them to come out for Strange .
However , although he 's slipping in polling , Brooks is hoping to turn McConnell 's fervent support for Strange into a last-ditch way to get into the likely runoff against Moore . He 's hitched a `` Ditch Mitch '' banner to his campaign bus in the final days , and in his closing ad he echoes Trump 's frustration with McConnell 's inability to push through an Obamacare repeal .
`` McConnell and Strange are weak , but together we can be strong , '' Brooks says . `` Mr. President , is n't it time we tell McConnell and Strange , 'You 're fired ? ' ''
Ultimately , the Huntsville-area congressman has n't had the resources the other two candidates have had , and he has n't been elected statewide before like Moore and Strange . And , perhaps most damaging , he was certainly no fan of Trump during the GOP presidential primaries last year , during which he supported Texas Sen. Ted Cruz . McConnell 's super PAC has pointed that out in ads , saying Brooks sided with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif. , and Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Mass .
If Strange does fall short of the runoff , University of Alabama political science professor emeritus William Stewart , a longtime political observer in the state , said that 's a big problem for McConnell . And , if Strange does make it to the likely September runoff , expect that to be a big point Moore can use against Strange , too .
`` The McConnell support for Strange will not be helpful because McConnell , as the president says , has n't been successful at pushing through the president 's agenda , `` Stewart said . `` If Strange does n't make the runoff , that 's a definite blow to McConnell , '' more so than Trump .
Polling shows Moore is still the favorite against Strange in a runoff , and that 's where the McConnell ties could be the most deadly — and place the president in a more precarious spot given his surprising endorsement . Stewart said it would be interesting to watch how much Trump puts his muscle behind Strange later , and something like traveling to Alabama — one of Trump 's best states in 2016 — for a rally on the senator 's behalf would certainly give Strange a boost .
No matter who wins the GOP nomination though , they 'll be the heavy favorite in the December general election , even if it 's the more controversial Moore . Democrats are expected to nominate Doug Jones , a former U.S. attorney , though he could face a runoff against the aptly-named Robert Kennedy Jr. , a Naval veteran who is not related to the famous Democratic political family .
If Moore is the GOP nominee , it will be interesting to watch whether the Democrats can make it even a mildly competitive contest — something Stewart , the former University of Alabama professor , said is doubtful , and is emblematic of the problems the party faces overall in the South .
`` Right now the Democratic Party is very impotent here , '' Stewart said . `` I think whomever the Republicans choose as their nominee will be the winner . ''
0:50
When is it OK to drive after drinking ? Impaired judgment makes it hard to tell
Dance is not usually a requirement in high-school English classes , but it is at Laguna Blanca , where a collaboration with State Street Ballet puts students on stage with professionals in a show based on a great work of literature . This year 's Library Dances performance will take place at 7 p.m. Thursday , Oct. 13 in Laguna 's Spaulding Auditorium .
The Library Dances project first came to Laguna Blanca three years ago when English teacher Charles Donelan and drama teacher Kate Bergstrom invited State Street Ballet dancer and choreographer Cecily Stewart to bring the program to the school .
During the summer , Donelan and Stewart select a classic work of literature from the 11th- and 12th-grade English curriculum , dividing the action into dances and dramatic scenes . Together , they create a hybrid of dance and theater that students then learn as part of the Library Dances performance .
“ Students gain a greater depth and understanding of the characters through acting and dance , ” Donelan said . “ It allows for a much more personal engagement with the book , and a greater sense of trust and camaraderie for every student who participates . ”
When students arrive at school in September , they are greeted by the participating teachers and a team of four professional ballet dancers from State Street 's roster . In less than a month , students learn their lines and dance moves , and perform the literature live for family and friends .
State Street Ballet has long made dance education a part of its mission , hoping to inspire a lifelong participation in the arts from a young age . Library Dances is one of its public outreach programs , and Laguna is the only high school in Santa Barbara currently offering this experience .
Past performances have included such classics as A Midsummer Night 's Dream and The Scarlet Letter .
During the three-week Library Dances unit , students spend about half their time on stage rehearsing for the performance . In that sense , the class is more than just a new way to teach classic literature , it also guarantees that every student in the Upper School participates in live theater at least once before they graduate . More than 100 Laguna students have already gone through the program successfully .
Library Dances at Laguna has already gained significant recognition . The audience for last season 's production of The Scarlet Letter included nationally known choreographer William Soleau , as well as the directors of the State Street Ballet , Rodney Gustafson and Leila Drake Fossek .
For more information , visit www.lagunablanca.org .
— Tara Broucqsault for Laguna Blanca .
Parents have told of their anger after Amber Valley Borough Council threw away rocks their children have painted to brighten up public areas .
The authority has made it clear on Facebook that it 's not happy with where some families have been putting the stones .
But it 's now called the throwing away of the rocks `` regrettable '' and said their was link between the Facebook post and those actions .
The Derby Telegraph previously reported about the growth of online groups for parents who decorate rocks with their children and then hide them in parks across the county .
They are then kept or re-hidden once another child has found one .
One of the groups , Belper Rocks , has 864 members , who were largely infuriated to hear that the borough council had thrown away examples found in Belper River Gardens .
Catherine Bush , from Belper Rocks , posted on Facebook to say : `` I have just been told by a worker who cares for the River Gardens that we are not allowed to hide rocks there and that they have been picking them up and disposing of them .
`` While I hear their concerns about not wanting children running around the park , going near the water or poking their eyes out on bushes , I can not help but feel disappointed with the council 's position on this .
`` Belper rocks was started as a community project to encourage people to engage in a creative , community project and get out and about enjoying our local area .
`` It has brought hundreds of people together young and old from all over Derbyshire and beyond , so I feel the council 's position on this is very narrow-minded and does not echo the spirit of this wonderful place in which we live . ''
A post on the council 's Facebook page apparently makes it 's position clear .
It says : `` The borough council supports community events and activities and is pleased to see that people are taking on the Belper Rocks challenge to get active and creative .
`` However , we would like to request that rocks are not hidden within public shrub borders , flower beds or above a child 's head height as this can lead to Belper Rocks followers damaging plants and climbing on potentially unsafe obstacles .
`` All future public events should follow the guidance on our events web page to ensure that the relevant consultation is made . Thank you for your consideration . ''
But a council spokesman said today : `` Regrettably a member of staff who cares for the River Gardens was unaware of Belper Rocks and advised persons that they were not allowed to hide rocks there and that the rocks were being picked up and disposed of .
`` This was an unfortunate occurrence and does not reflect the council 's position as posted on Facebook on 29 August . ''
Alex Stamos reportedly argued that Facebook should disclose more information about Russian misbehavior on the platform during the 2016 election . He lost the debate . Win McNamee/Getty Images
Facebook 's head of security , Alex Stamos , is leaving the social network in August , according to the New York Times , as well as multiple journalists citing sources within the company Monday evening . The Times reports that Stamos has already started to prepare for his exit , a slow-motion exodus that began last year following a push from Stamos and his security team for Facebook to be more forthcoming about how Russian operatives utilized the social network to attempt to influence voters during the 2016 election . Though Facebook was eventually forced to disclose information about that activity , Stamos reportedly lost the fight .
Why does the egress of a Facebook executive unknown to the vast majority of its users matter ? Because of the awkward timing of the reporting—just days after Stamos struggled to publicly defend the company 's fraying reputation in the aftermath of its stunning disclosures involving the data firm Cambridge Analytica—and because of the internal debate that apparently led to Stamos ' exit-in-progress : It was between those who think Facebook should prioritize doing right by its users , and those who think its first responsibility is to its profits .
Not that you got that sense listening to Stamos and Facebook on Monday night . Both said that the Times ' reporting is off—kinda . In a notable nondenial , Stamos wrote on Twitter : “ Despite the rumors , I 'm still fully engaged with my work at Facebook . It 's true that my role did change . I 'm currently spending more time exploring emerging security risks and working on election security. ” Facebook issued a kind of nondenial of Stamos ' nondenial : “ Alex Stamos continues to be the Chief Security Officer at Facebook . He has held the position for nearly three years and leads our security efforts especially around emerging security risks . ”
News of Stamos ' departure comes as Facebook is grappling with a long string of public relations nightmares over the past year , the most recent being the company 's announcement this past Friday evening that it had suspended the accounts of the Trump-hired data analytics firm Cambridge Analytica and two others involved with firm—this in advance of damning reports from the Guardian and the New York Times . Those reports detailed how Facebook allowed for data on more than 50 million user profiles to be harvested and then passed to Cambridge Analytica , which ran voter-targeting operations for both Ted Cruz 's and then Donald Trump 's presidential campaigns . Facebook says that when it found out that user data had been improperly passed to Cambridge Analytica in 2015 , it requested the company and its associates delete it and confirm that the data had been destroyed . After recently learning , more than two years later , that the data had not actually been destroyed , Facebook shared publicly that it was suspending the data firm and its associates ' accounts .
News of Stamos ' departure comes as Facebook is grappling with a long string of public relations nightmares .
Immediately after sharing the news , Facebook started receiving criticism for not notifying tens of millions of users who had their profile data illegitimately handed over to a voter targeting operation when it first learned of the incident . And Stamos , who has encouraged responsible disclosures of security missteps in the past , tweeted an attempt to rationalize the company 's data security practices at the time , which allowed for app developers to scrape the Facebook data of their users and their users ' friends , the method by which associates working on behalf of Cambridge Analytica were likely able to collect Facebook data on tens of millions of people . With details of Stamos ' pending goodbye coming into focus Monday night , Facebook 's decision not to inform users that they their data was improperly handed to Cambridge Analytica—on top of newly reported details about how Facebook delayed the disclosure of evidence the company had collected of Russian government-sponsored propaganda efforts on its site—the reputation of the security operation Stamos was tasked with managing is hurting . After all , Facebook 's users put a lot of trust in the company 's security every time they post a photo or missive , even if they do n't always think deeply about the privacy bargain they make in order to use a free service . That 's something that ca n't sit well with Stamos , who is highly respected in the information security community for being a staunch advocate of working in the interest of users .
Tensions between Stamos and Facebook reportedly began to mount in spring 2017 , after Facebook 's security team had spent the past year uncovering evidence about how Kremlin-backed trolls weaponized Facebook to push disinformation as well as news about the reportedly Russian-orchestrated hack of the Democratic National Convention , according to the Times . Although Stamos ' team had found evidence of Russian meddling by November 2016 , it was n't until April 2017 that Facebook even nodded at the idea publically . And even then , it was in a footnote in a report saying its findings were in line with the January 2017 report from the director of national intelligence that stated with “ high confidence ” that Russia worked to undermine Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign and help secure Donald Trump 's election .
Less than a month later , in May 2017 , Time reported that Russian agents had created fake accounts on Facebook and Twitter and had bought ads on Facebook in an attempt to manipulate American social media users . Despite the fact that Stamos had reportedly found evidence of Russian meddling on Facebook back in fall 2016 , Facebook told Time that it had “ no evidence ” of Russian agents buying ads on Facebook to target specific users with divisive content . Four months later , in September 2017 , Facebook came forward with more specifics in a blog post . The company admitted that Kremlin-linked operatives had spent $ 100,000 to push some 10,000 ads to Americans since mid-2015 . This admission sparked congressional concern , ultimately leading to three public hearings where lawyers from Facebook , Twitter , and Google testified in front of Congress about the extent of Russian disinformation on their platforms and what they should have done to stop it . All along , according to the Times , a debate raged within the company over whether Facebook should err on the side of full disclosure , or foremost protect its business .
By the end of last year , Facebook had reportedly started to whittle down Stamos 's security team and assign employees to work under two other executives at Facebook as their old boss began to prepare for his departure .
This is n't the first time Alex Stamos has left his post as chief of security at a major Silicon Valley company after it failed to protect its users . The engineer resigned from a similar job at Yahoo In 2015 after learning that the company had complied with a secret request , either from the National Security Agency or the FBI , according to Reuters , to scan all of its customers ' incoming emails , affecting hundreds of millions of users . In May 2015 , Stamos ' team found the surveillance installation , which had reportedly been approved by then-CEO Marissa Mayer , and he resigned shortly after . In June 2015 , he started at Facebook . Considering Stamos once organized a conference called TrustyCon in protest of reported collaboration between the security firm RSA and the NSA to put backdoors in popular encryption products , I have to imagine Stamos wo n't go for a tech-giant hat trick after he leaves Facebook 's Menlo Park headquarters for good . Either way , when he leaves , he will be the first major executive to depart Facebook since it became embroiled in a controversy over how it mishandled a plague of disinformation and bad faith during the 2016 presidential election . He probably wo n't be the last .
Locally made craft ciders are bubbling up around San Luis Obispo County , spurred by a somewhat surprising bunch : winemakers .
“ Used to be , winemakers were all making pinot noir on the side , now they 're all making cider , ” says Neil Collins , co-owner and cider-maker at Bristols Cider in Atascadero and the winemaker at Tablas Creek Vineyard and his own label , Lone Madrone .
Bristols was the lone local hard cider for more than a decade , but a handful have popped up in the past few years , with more in the works — mostly from people with ties to the winemaking industry .
Cider appears to have more in common with beer than wine — it looks more like beer , and it 's sold and served more like beer . But making it is a lot like making wine , Collins says .
“ It 's fermentation of fruit juice , ” he says . “ Wine is basically grape cider . ”
Everyone 's doing different , interesting stuff . It 's super cool to see . Neil Collins , co-owner and cider-maker at
But these are n't the syrupy , sweet drinks many people associate with cider . Most craft cider-makers produce crisp , dry ciders , which customers are discovering as a refreshing alternative to wine or beer .
Another reason for the drink 's recent bump in popularity ? Many people consider it a fitness-friendly beverage , Connor Meznarich says .
“ They 're low sugar , most of them , and gluten-free , ” says Meznarich , Collins ' first assistant at Bristols and now half the duo behind Jean Marie Cidery . “ It 's a drink for active people . ”
Another draw , for both makers and consumers , is the endless flavor profiles afforded by using different apples , throwing in some spices or adding other fruits or juices .
“ Everyone 's doing different , interesting stuff , ” Collins says . “ It 's super cool to see . ”
Read on for the in-cider scoop on San Luis Obispo County 's cider-makers :
A mural by artist Adam Welch can be seen at Bristols Cider House in Atascadero . Joe Johnston jjohnston @ thetribunenews.com
Bristols Cider House
Thirst inspired Collins ' cider endeavors . He just could n't find ciders like the ones back in his native England , so he began making them himself , starting with two barrels in 1994 .
Today , Bristols offers a publike tasting room — featuring eight ciders on tap as well as Lone Madrone wines — that 's often hopping with food , live music and a lively crowd . Both the ciders and the decor pay homage to Collins ' hometown , Bristol , as well as the port city 's more infamous inhabitants , Blackbeard and other legendary pirates .
Collins ' focus is traditional English-style cider , though he 's not afraid to get creative with some smaller batches . Spent gin botanicals give Merry Hell a fragrant kick , brettanomyces yeast lend Skimmington a farmhouse-style flavor , and 50 pounds of beets tinge Mangelwurzel with a bright pink hue and earthy backbone . Other creations are hopped , aged in spirit barrels or “ bottle conditioned , ” re-fermented in the bottle to create natural carbonation .
Try Bristols ( www.bristolscider.com ) by the taste , pint , bottle or growler at the Cider House , at 3220 El Camino Real in Atascadero , open 1 to 9 p.m. Thursday through Saturday and 1 to 8 p.m. Wednesday and Sunday . Find Bristols Original and occasional special bottlings — $ 9 to $ 20 for 500- or 750-milliliter bottles — at outlets from Ventura to Paso Robles , as well as Oregon , or order at www.lonemadrone.com .
Jean Marie Cidery is new to the San Luis Obispo County scene . Courtesy photo
Jean Marie Cidery
One of the newest to the scene , Jean Marie Cidery was founded by Branden Welshons , the business brains , and Connor Meznarich , a former cellar master at Sans Liege Wines in Pismo Beach under Curt Schalchlin as well as Collins ' original assistant at Bristols — the first cider he ever tasted .
Jean Marie 's aptly named first release , Training Wheels , is a funky farmhouse-style blend , while Mama 's Boy is injected with local honey , giving a spiced honeycomb finish to the tart green apple flavor .
Welshons and Meznarich plan to continue playing with honey — which ferments in the bottle and adds a hint of sweetness — using varying types to coax different flavors from the cider in about a half-dozen experimental batches .
Jean Marie 's ciders are sold in 375-milliliter bottles for $ 6 to $ 7 at about 20 spots around San Luis Obispo County , listed on their website at www.jeanmariecidery.com , along with newly added locations in Santa Barbara County . A cider club is in the works . Email jeanmariecidery @ gmail.com to set up a tasting .
Reef Points
Patrick Martinez developed a taste for the crisp ciders of Down Under while working at wineries in Australia and New Zealand , discovering that the dry , refreshing beverage complemented his thirst for adventure .
Now cellar master at Niner Wine Estates in Paso Robles , Martinez partnered with friend and fellow ocean lover Dane Jacobs to craft bottle-conditioned ciders from family-owned orchards in Paso Robles and Watsonville , up toward Santa Cruz .
Their core cider , Kid Neptune , is fermented in a blend of stainless steel and oak barrels , giving it a bright nip of lemon and green apple . For smaller releases , they 've played around with techniques such as increased carbonation for a zippy texture , malolactic fermentation for a softer , creamier feel , and aging in wine and spirits barrels to pull out berry and maple tones .
Find Reef Points ciders , sold in 22-ounce bottles for $ 14 to $ 16 , in restaurants , bars and shops throughout the county and up and down the coast . Order online at www.reefpointshardcider.com or join the Cider Club to get a 20 percent discount on shipments of six bottles . Check out its blog for cider cocktail recipes .
See Canyon Hard Cider Co .
Chris Lemieux , winemaker at the family Domaine Le Mieux label , got into cider-making by accident when his parents , Wayne and Karen , purchased a farm in See Canyon and began nursing an old apple orchard back to health . Lemieux made some cider for winery customers , and it took off .
See Canyon 's flagship Classic is a smooth , refreshing semi-sweet field blend , while the bitey Boneyard , at 9 percent alcohol by volume , is bone-dry without sacrificing the apple flavor . Premium Dry is a sparkling cider made in the same “ methode Champenoise ” as sparkling wines — bottle-conditioned for two years and cellared an additional four years before release .
To bring hop-heads into the fold , Lemieux created Triple Threat , dry-hopped with three West Coasts hops that bring out citrus and tropical notes , as well as Piney the Cider , combining pine needle juice with the same hops as Russian River Brewing Co. 's iconic Pliny the Elder beer .
Stay tuned for information on the reopening of the tasting space , which closed for some changes in the fall . In the meantime , find See Canyon Hard Cider ( www.seecanyonhardcider.com ) on draft and in 22-ounce bottles for $ 14 to $ 16 at a variety of stores and restaurants . Or order by phone at 805-706-0411 .
Tin City Cider Co. in Paso Robles usually has six to eight ciders on tap . Joe Johnston jjohnston @ thetribunenews.com
Tin City Cider Co .
Not just one but three winemakers are behind the popular new Tin City Cider Co. — Field Recordings ' Andrew Jones , Sans Liege Wines ' Curt Schalchlin and Scar of the Sea 's Mikey Giugni . The spirit of collaboration runs through the ciders .
The trio partners with local farms for fruit for ciders such as the passion fruit co-fermented Liliko ' i . They 're working with nearby Wine Shine to make calvados , an apple brandy . And they teamed up with next-door neighbor BarrelHouse Brewing Co. to make the crossover Sour Blonde .
They also bring techniques from brewing and winemaking to their ciders : Fermenting them in white wine barrels , adding hops and using both beer and wine yeasts , creating an effervescent , almost Champagne-like flagship cider .
The airy , modern taproom — with orchard ladders hanging overhead , trivia and live music nights and apple juice boxes for the kids — is open 1 to 7 p.m. Tuesday through Thursday , 1 to 8 p.m. Friday and Saturday and 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sunday . Get tasting flights , pints and cans , bottles and growlers of whatever is on tap . Or sign up for the cider club at www.tincitycider.com , or find 500-milliliter cans of the original cider and some specialty bottles at area stores .
Giugni also makes cider under his Scar of the Sea label . Order at www.scaroftheseawines.com or look for it in area stores .
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:41 The historic drought is over , but tree mortality spreads around California Pause 1:23 At Georgia Brown Elementary in Paso Robles , students learn in English and Spanish 0:54 South County Sanitation District spends millions to update facilities 2:08 Wichita State professor explores ancient Native American city 1:54 TSA releases video on what to expect during airport pat-downs in wake of controversy 1:15 Hiking Morro Dunes Ecological Reserve 2:11 Baby goats and wine at yoga class ? We 're not kidding 1:46 Discovery SLO 's vision : Bowling alley , concerts , food and more — all in one spot 1:49 SLO author 's '13 Reasons Why ' is now a Netflix series . Here 's the trailer . 5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Share Video Video link : Select Embed code : Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email How to make Whiskey & June 's Whiskey Sour Daniel Green , co-owner of Whiskey & June in Atascadero , demonstrates how to make a Whiskey Sour cocktail . David Middlecamp dmiddlecamp @ thetribunenews.com
National Reconstruction Authority ( NRA ) Chief Executive Officer Yubaraj Bhusal said that he has not received any direction or information from the government regarding the recently reported increase of earthquake housing grant of Rs.100 , 000.00 to earthquake victims . “ Since there is no budget for new increase , NRA is going to precede its program providing Rs.300.000.00 as per schedule .
Two weeks ago cabinet decided to increase the housing grant increasing Rs.100.000.000 to the victims .
Addressing media , he said that as many as 100,000 houses damaged by 2015 earthquake would be reconstructed by this mid-February . NRA Chief Executive Officer Bhusal informed that by that time number of houses being reconstructed would reach 450,000 . Efforts are underway to ensure permanent shelter to 60 percent of the earthquake affected ones by coming monsoon .
During an interaction in the capital , NRA CEO Bhusal further said , “ So far , 95,000 houses have been reconstructed , while 284,000 are under construction . The engineers have been mobilized in five different groups in the 14 districts which suffered most in the earthquake . After they are provided the allowance , they are encouraged for working . ”
According to him , those mobilized in the hard hit district are provided Rs 58,000 and those inconvenient districts Rs 42,000 every month .
The engineers have been working in 1,186 wards of 131 local levels in 14 districts . Similarly , 21,000 have been given training in these districts to prepare necessary human resources for the reconstruction of the houses .
In 18 districts which witnessed partial damages , 5,000 people have been trained .
The reconstruction priority is given to the houses for senior citizen above 70 years of age , single women above 65 years of age , and under-16 .
Subscribe to read : Financial Times Brazil inflation eased up less than expected in September
Try all of the FT 's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $ 1.00 * Select Start a Digital Trial for $ 1.00 per week . You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week * Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT 's award-winning news on desktop , mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry , journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views , 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week * Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital , plus : Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails , including a weekly email from our Editor , Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week * Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital , plus : Free delivery to your home or office , Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options :
Rep. Lois Capps , D-Santa Barbara , on Wednesday highlighted key priorities for Central Coast farmers she worked to include in the Federal Agriculture Reform and Risk Management ( FARRM ) Act ( House Resolution 1947 ) , which is under consideration on the House floor this week .
“ Agriculture is an important part of our local economy and daily lives on the Central Coast , and I have been working to ensure our local priorities are included in the Farm Bill , ” Capps said . “ In particular , I 'm pleased the FARRM Act includes several key provisions that I championed , including a strengthened enforcement structure for organic farming , and increased support for specialty crops , agricultural research and pest detection . These programs support local farmers , promote jobs and economic growth , and help farmers take advantage of the latest farming technologies and techniques . ”
Throughout the process , Rep. Capps has been working closely with local agriculture stakeholders to advocate for the programs and provisions that Central Coast farmers depend on . Anticipating that the Farm Bill would be reauthorized by the House , last year Capps held Farm Bill listening sessions to discuss local priorities with Central Coast farmers and ranchers , as well as other key stakeholders in San Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara counties . Many of these priorities were subsequently included in two letters Capps sent with other members of the California delegation to the House Agriculture Committee and are now included in the FARRM bill , such as :
» $ 600 million over 10 years for the Specialty Crop Research Initiative ( SCRI ) to encourage the development of new technologies and improved efficiencies in the production of specialty crops ;
» $ 375 million for the Specialty Crop Block Grants Program over the life of the 2013 Farm Bill to strengthen the market for the specialty crops we grow on the Central Coast like fruits , vegetables and nuts ;
» $ 630 million over 10 years to prevent the introduction and spread of plant pests and diseases ;
» $ 200 million for the Market Access Program , which helps develop , expand , and maintain foreign markets for agricultural products , including strawberries and wine ;
» Reauthorization of the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative ( AFRI ) , which supports research partnerships like Cal Poly 's Agricultural Research Initiative and the University of California Cooperative Extension Service that bring the latest agriculture science from the laboratory into the fields .
The FARRM Act also includes provisions based on bipartisan legislation Capps authored , the Organic Standards Protection Act , to ensure that products bearing the U.S. Department of Agriculture organic seal comply with the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 . Her legislation , written with Rep. Richard Hanna , R-N.Y. , would protect the growing organic farming industry and its expanding consumer base by granting the USDA 's National Organic Program the legislative authority it needs to more effectively protect the integrity of certified organic products .
While Capps supports these critical provisions in the bill , she also expressed her serious concerns with the $ 20.5 billion in cuts to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program included in the FARRM Act . These cuts would force nearly two million low-income Americans to go hungry , including one million children . The school lunch program would also be affected , with an estimated 210,000 low-income children losing benefits . Those most affected will be low income working families and senior citizens . Research has found that the economy grows by $ 1.73 for every $ 1 invested in the SNAP .
“ While I support these important local priorities , I strongly oppose the major cuts to SNAP — our nation 's investment in keeping our children and families fed during tough times — that were included in the FARRM Act and will be working to stop them , ” Capps said . “ One in six Americans are food insecure , often not knowing how they will get their next meal . In these difficult fiscal times , we must make tough decisions to be sure , but cutting $ 20.5 billion from SNAP , from a program that inherently must be strong when our economy is struggling , is unfair and cruel . It places the burden on the children and families and seniors , our friends and neighbors who can least afford it .
“ I look forward to working with my colleagues to resolve these issues and produce a strong , bipartisan Farm Bill that works for all Americans . ”
— Ashley Schapitl is press secretary for Rep. Lois Capps , D-Santa Barbara .
My name is Angie Failoni and I wanted to share my travel stories with you as I fly in and out of Southwest Wyoming Regional Airport !
.
.
I moved several years ago out of WYO due to health reasons but just ca n't seem to get this place out of my blood !
I come back 2 or 3 times a year to experience the wonderful seasons of WYO .
Every season there is something magical to come home to and enjoy !
.
.
In the winter , I enjoy the traditional Christmas Tree on top of Mansface in Green River and the huge amounts of snow .
.
.
Summer has its entertaining moments as well–Flaming Gorge Days , The Fair , floating the river , just all so much to do !
.
.
I am here again this fall ; I flew in September 30 . I 've enjoyed the colorful mountains , crisp air , the wild horses running free and , of course , the deer everywhere !
.
.
I 'm sorry but of all the places I choose to visit , Wyoming is still number one in my book .
I am so grateful for the flights from Denver to Rock Springs ! It takes me less time to get here and I 'm not totally worn out by the time I arrive !
Share Your Travel Story
Submit your travelogue when you fly out of the Southwest Wyoming Regional Airport and you could win two FREE airline tickets to Denver !
Travel is so enlightening ! Your travelogue might be about adventuring to the big city–the incredible food and culture . You could escape to a wild , natural place like the ocean or a national park . Perhaps you have an out-of-the-way spot or a little known travel destination you must share .
Not only could your incredible story and photos be posted on SweetwaterNOW , you 'll be entered to win tickets to Denver .
The tickets will be given away in May 2018 and the winner will be chosen by a panel of SweetwaterNOW and Southwest Wyoming Regional Airport staff .
Read the rules here .
Paid Advertisement - This post was paid for by the business or individual represented above . We reserve the right to remove any comments . If you 'd like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this , call our Advertising Team at 307-922-0700 or send us a message .
President Donald Trump said in a statement that Monday 's underground explosion near Manhattan 's Port Authority Bus Terminal `` highlights the urgent need for Congress to enact legislative reforms '' on immigration .
In the statement issued just before 5 p.m. , the president said Congress needs to end what he called `` chain migration '' and increase immigration security after police said Akayed Ullah -- a 27-year-old man of Bangladeshi descent with a last known address in Brooklyn -- detonated a crude explosive device in the tunnel between the Port Authority Bus Terminal and the Times Square/42nd Street subway station about 7:15 p.m. Monday .
`` First and foremost , as I have been saying since I first announced my candidacy for President , America must fix its lax immigration system , which allows far too many dangerous , inadequately vetted people to access our country , '' Trump said in the statement .
Ullah is not a U.S. citizen but had attained permanent residency . He came to the country on Feb. 21 , 2011 on a F43 family immigrant visa ; A Department of Homeland Security spokesman said he benefited from `` family chain migration . ''
`` Today 's terror suspect entered our country through extended-family chain migration , which is incompatible with national security , '' Trump said in the statement .
The president , who often takes to Twitter after terror attacks , has yet to tweet about Monday 's explosion .
After Halloween 's attack in Tribeca that left 8 people dead , the president likewise zeroed in on immigration , tweeting that he wanted to end the diversity visa lottery program that suspect Sayfullo Saipov used to enter the country .
Read the president 's full statement below :
Today 's attempted mass murder attack in New York City—the second terror attack in New York in the last two months—once again highlights the urgent need for Congress to enact legislative reforms to protect the American people .
First and foremost , as I have been saying since I first announced my candidacy for President , America must fix its lax immigration system , which allows far too many dangerous , inadequately vetted people to access our country . Today 's terror suspect entered our country through extended-family chain migration , which is incompatible with national security . My Executive action to restrict the entry of certain nationals from eight countries , which the Supreme Court recently allowed to take effect , is just one step forward in securing our immigration system . Congress must end chain migration . Congress must also act on my Administration 's other proposals to enhance domestic security , including increasing the number of Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers , enhancing the arrest and detention authorities for immigration officers , and ending fraud and abuse in our immigration system . The terrible harm that this flawed system inflicts on America 's security and economy has long been clear . I am determined to improve our immigration system to put our country and our people first .
Children Sue Trump Administration Over Climate Change
A federal appeals court heard arguments Monday on whether Donald Trump and his administration can be sued by a group of children over the president 's environmental policy . ( Published 5 hours ago )
Second , those convicted of engaging in acts of terror deserve the strongest penalty allowed by law , including the death penalty in appropriate cases . America should always stand firm against terrorism and extremism , ensuring that our great institutions can address all evil acts of terror .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
TALLAHASSEE ( CBSMiami/AP ) — Gov . Rick Scott has signed legislation to combat opioid abuse in the state of Florida .
HB 21 limits most painkiller prescriptions to a three-day supply in response to the opioid crisis killing at least 16 Floridians every day .
Scott signed the bill Monday morning in Manatee County , which suffered the most deaths in Florida in 2016 from fentanyl analogs . These synthetic versions of fentanyl were designed for veterinary use and can be 5,000 times more lethal than heroin .
“ This bill will help limit the chance of drug addiction , reduce the ability for dangerous drugs to spread in Florida 's communities and give vulnerable Floridians needed support . We made a commitment in Florida to do everything possible to help communities impacted by the national opioid epidemic , and I appreciate the work of Senate President Joe Negron , House Speaker Richard Corcoran , and all the legislators who supported this important priority , ” said Gov . Scott .
The law also directs $ 53.5 million in grants to treatment programs , and updates Florida 's prescription database to facilitate tracking each patient 's medication history in the state and nationally .
Another high-profile part of the bill will require physicians or their staff members to check with a statewide database before prescribing or dispensing controlled substances . In the past , Florida has not required physicians to use the database , known as the prescription drug monitoring program . The goal of the database is to prevent addicts from visiting multiple doctors or pharmacies to get supplies of drugs .
The new prescription limits , which allow doctors to prescribe up to seven days in cases of acute pain , take effect July 1 .
Opioids have caused thousands of deaths in Florida in recent years . In 2016 , for example , fentanyl caused 1,390 deaths , heroin caused 952 deaths , oxycodone caused 723 deaths , and hydrocodone caused 245 deaths , according to a House staff analysis .
House Commerce Chairman Jim Boyd , a Bradenton Republican who sponsored the bill , described it as “ another step to curbing this epidemic . ”
“ I grew passionate about this a couple of years ago because I just saw what it was doing , ” Boyd said during the bill-signing event at the sheriff 's office . “ There 's not a person in this room who does n't have a family member or a friend of a family that has n't been affected by this epidemic . ”
( © Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
Ferulic acid is the ultimate enabler , helping other skin-care ingredients reach their maximum potency . No wonder this natural antioxidant — derived from the cell walls of fruits , plants , and even ...
Dear Readers : It 's 2017 ! A new year has arrived , bringing with it our chance for a new beginning .
Today is the day we have an opportunity to discard destructive old habits for healthy new ones , and with that in mind , I will share Dear Abby 's often-requested list of New Year 's Resolutions — which were adapted by my late mother , Pauline Phillips , from the original credo of Al-Anon :
In the Sitrans TO500 , Siemens is putting a measuring system for fiber-optic temperature measurement onto the market . It enables complex temperature measurements and detection of the precise position of critical over temperatures , for example in tube and tube-bundle reactors . The Sitrans TO500 is characterized by a large number of measuring points ( up to 48 per measuring lance , depending on the temperature range ) and the small diameter of the sensor measuring lance . This allows users to use a smaller protective tube in the reactor . This makes measurements more accurate , and so improves productivity and product quality . The precise determination of the temperature profile enables users to detect critical operating states in a timely manner and initiate countermeasures . This lengthens the service lives of plants .
The measuring system is especially suitable for use in the chemical industry . The reliable determination of the temperature profile within the catalyst filling is of crucial importance in the catalytic conversion of gases and liquids in tube and tube-bundle reactors . It significantly affects the course of the reaction , the quality of the substance conversion and the aging process of the catalyst . The object is to detect areas with excessive temperatures ( hotspots ) at an early stage , and make adjustments if necessary , for example to optimize the reaction processes .
This is where the Sitrans TO500 comes in . For the first time it uses a fiber Bragg grating ( FBG ) for the measurements . The Sitrans TO500 can evaluate 48 FBGs in each of four channels ( a total of 192 measuring points ) , thus enabling precise determination of temperature changes in the smallest spaces . Additionally , it is the first device to enable FBG-based measurements in industrial environments ( i.e . under harsh plant conditions and at high temperatures ) . This new form of temperature measurement has already been proven in the chemical industry .
England 's Joe Root
London : Joe Root has been named as new Test captain of England , the England and Wales Cricket Board ( ECB ) announced on Monday .
Yorkshire batsman Root , previously England 's vice-captain , had been the overwhelming favourite to replace Alastair Cook ever since the Essex opener resigned as Test skippers after a national record 59 matches in charge last week .
Root , who made his England debut under Cook , is now widely regarded as England 's leading batsman .
“ It is a huge honour to be given the England Test captaincy , ” the 26-year-old Root said in an ECB statement . “ I feel privileged , humbled and very excited . ”
The ECB added all-rounder Ben Stokes would succeed Root as vice-captain of the Test side .
Cook , England 's all-time leading Test run-scorer , is set to continue his career in the five-day game , with Root also able to call upon the experience of senior fast bowlers James Anderson and Stuart Broad , as well as coach Trevor Bayliss and assistant Paul Farbrace .
“ We have a very good group of players , and I 'm looking forward to leading them out in the summer — building on Alastair 's achievements and making the most of our talents in the years ahead , ” said Root .
“ The senior guys in the changing room play a very influential role — and while there 's a natural progression for me , it 's a huge support to know that they are there to help and advise . ”
ECB director of England cricket Andrew Strauss , himself a former England captain , added : “ Joe is the right man to be our next Test Captain and I 'm thrilled that he has accepted the role . ”
How Borno youths hypnotise , rape teenage girls—NSCDC
The Borno Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps , NSCDC , yesterday , said some youths in Maiduguri now hypnotise teenage girls with drugs and charms to rape them .
The Commandant of the corps , Mr. Ibrahim Abdullahi , who made the disclosure in an interview in Maiduguri , said the command recorded three cases of rape in one week between December 20 and 30 , 2016 .
He said : “ The ugly trend was reported by parents of the victims from Gomari Coasting , London Ciki and Jidari Polo in Maiduguri .
“ The victims , who are aged between 13 and 14 , confessed that some youths raped them using drugs and charms , and that none of them could recall what happened .
“ The command also conducted a medical examination on the girls , which revealed that there was serious penetration . Others were confirmed pregnant .
“ The three girls recalled that they were abducted in a tricycle before they were taken to separate location and raped .
“ We , therefore , call on parents to ensure proper upbringing of their children and wards , and monitor their movements .
“ No arrest has been made so far , but the command will work tirelessly to bring the culprits to book . ”
The post How Borno youths hypnotise , rape teenage girls—NSCDC appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Since its release last week , Fortnite 's Playground Mode got off to a very shaky start resulting in it being quickly snatched down . Epic Games has been keeping fans in the loop with updates as to when Playground Mode will return . We are happy to report , it has begun to roll out but in specific regions .
If you live in Asia , Oceania , and Brazil the Playground LTM is active right now for you to take part in . Do n't worry US Fortnite players you can play too . Since the mode is being rolled back out gradually , if you want to play you will have to take specific steps until its global launch . Here is how you can get in on the action :
Login into your Fortnite game as usual and go to the settings option .
Once in the settings tab , click on the ‘ matchmaking region ' option .
Change your location to either Asia or Oceania and boom Playground Mode should be available .
If you do n't see Playground Mode yet after going through the steps , do n't panic a simple restart of the game should fix that issue . The limited event allows players to join up to three free friends for an hour of free-play . You can practice your building or your shooting skills on your friends , and yes friendly fire mode is turned on . So do n't hesitate to use your friends as target practice in while playing . The storm does n't begin to close in for 55m and takes an additional 5 minutes to close in .
If you happen to die , you will respawn immediately after putting your right back in the game . If you get killed by the storm , you will not be able to respawn . So go ahead and start building , improving your accuracy and shooting those movies . Remember this mode is only around for a limited time .
—
Photo : Epic Games
After Being Pulled After Its Release , ‘ Fortnite 's ‘ Playground ' Mode Is Finally Back was originally published on hiphopwired.com
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Fans of pop music from the 1960s and early ‘ 70s are in for a treat starting at 8 p.m. Thursday , when the Happy Together Tour returns to the Chumash Casino Resort .
One of the featured artists is Mark Lindsay , who was the lead singer for Paul Revere & The Raiders , the house band on Dick Clark 's television show Where the Action Is . We can look forward to songs such as “ Kicks ” and “ Indian Reservation , ” and Lindsay 's hit as a solo artist , “ Arizona . ”
Another featured artist is Chuck Negron , who was one of three lead singers for Three Dog Night , which had a whopping 21 Top Forty songs between 1969 and 1975 . One of these that reached No . 1 is “ Joy to the World , ” which featured Negron 's vocals and the familiar opening line “ Jeremiah was a bullfrog. ” Negron also sang lead vocals on “ One , ” “ Eli 's Coming ” and “ An Old-Fashioned Love Song . ”
Lindsay and Negron talked with Noozhawk by phone about the upcoming show ; the full interview with Lindsay is available by clicking here , and the full interview with Negron is available by clicking here .
Also on the program are The Turtles featuring Flo & Eddie , Gary Puckett & The Union Gap and Gary Lewis & The Playboys . Click here to purchase tickets for the show .
Jeff Moehlis : What can we look forward to at your upcoming show ?
Chuck Negron : A great trip down memory lane of a time of great music , and an exciting time in Americana — the ‘ 60s . You know , Gary Lewis & The Playboys bring me back unbelievable memories . Mark Lindsay from Paul Revere & The Raiders — it 's a great , great show . And we have Gary Puckett & The Union Gap , and me , and then Flo and Eddie and The Turtles . It 's just a fun , fun show filled with like 20-plus hits . It 's a lot of fun .
Mark Lindsay : For 2½ hours , people get to forget that they might have mortgages , or kids in college with tuition fees coming up , or grandkids moving in with them , or whatever . Suddenly they 're back in the ‘ 60s . They 're gon na change the world , and they have that music for 2½ hours , and it just takes them back to a kinder , gentler time . Everybody has a great time . And it 's good for us . We get to get off on it giving it to them .
JM : It 's quite an interesting collection of artists for the show . Back in the day , did you have any notable interactions with the guys that you 're now touring with ?
ML : Well , I do n't know what notable interactions might mean ( laughs ) . Back in those days it might 've been offstage antics .
We 've toured with all these guys , except I never toured with Chuck Negron before . And he 's awesome . You know , Three Dog Night was such a powerhouse of iconic music in the ‘ 70s . So he brings that to the table . You know , between all the different acts you have pop , you have power , it 's just a slice of the ‘ 60s and ‘ 70s in American music , and it 's wonderful .
CN : Well , Mark Volman was a neighbor of mine . He lived right down the street from me , so I would run into him . Plus we had the same management , so we toured together . Three Dog Night toured with The Turtles . Mark Lindsay did n't live far from me , so I used to see him around Laurel Canyon , but we never worked together . Gary Puckett and I have worked together , have done shows together , as have Gary Lewis & The Playboys and myself .
JM : Paul Revere & The Raiders have the “ cool factor ” of now being viewed as a proto-punk band , especially the earlier recordings had that raw energy to them . Mark , were you or are you a fan of punk rock ?
ML : Of course . Look , I just finished a CD called Life Out Loud . We did it just like the old days , old school , with two-inch tape , two microphones , two equalizers . The band 's playing live , I 'm singing live in the vocal booth , which in this case happens to be the bathroom . And they 're all first take vocals . We did n't go back and redo any vocals . I added some stuff . But it was so real .
When I heard it back off the tape machine , I said , “ We 're not mixing this . This is master . We 're putting stuff on top of this , but this is the way it goes down. ” You can hear amps leaking , you can hear people talking in the background . There are all kinds of crap on it . So real , so high energy and so right now , that I left it just like it is . If you listen to that , that will let you know whether I like punk or not . Or that punky feeling , that grungy , just raw right-now in-your-face get-back-baby stuff . ( Click here to for a sample . )
JM : Chuck , you personally have been open about struggles with drugs you 've had , which are thankfully in the past now . What 's the short version of how that all went down ?
CN : Well , it was the ‘ 60s . People were experimenting with drugs . I did , and I did n't get to walk away . The fact is that there are some people that have addictive personalities — some genetically , you 're just predisposed . I was one of those , and I got myself in trouble .
So the short story is , do n't even try drugs , and maybe you 'll get away ( laughs ) .
JM : What are your plans , musical or otherwise , for the near future ?
CN : Well , I 've got a third edition of the book ( Three Dog Nightmare , talking about Negron 's recovery from drug addiction ) that just came out . I 've got a new CD that I 'm working on and doing several new tunes . I also have three Three Dog Night tunes that have never been released that I 'm bringing up to snuff , because they were n't finished . That 's why they were n't released , they were never finished . So I 'm doing a bunch of stuff , and this tour , we 're doing six nights a week . So this tour is grueling . Right now , that 's all we 're doing , is this tour .
I 'm also doing Kickstarter , which is a fan-based thing where fans make donations for gifts . They go from $ 1 up to $ 10,000 . The $ 10,000 thing would be being brought to a show and playing live onstage . We 're doing that to try to get this album off the ground .
JM : Mark , you mentioned the album Life Out Loud . Is that due for release sometime soon ?
ML : It 's just come out . Little Steven Van Zandt is on it like crazy on Sirius Radio . He 's playing the first single in rotation like six , eight times a day . We 're due for the second single , and there 's going to be a big album release party , officially on Halloween , but it 's going to be out there in front of that . Go to bongoboyrecords.com and you 'll find out all the information .
— Jeff Moehlis is a Noozhawk contributing writer and a professor of mechanical engineering at UC Santa Barbara . Upcoming show recommendations , advice from musicians , interviews and more are available on his web site , music-illuminati.com . The opinions expressed are his own .
God is transcendentally Holy . His love is holy , his judgment is holy , his ways are holy , his spirit is holy , everything he is , is summed up in one word HOLY .
Sharonee releases a single titled Mimo ( Holy ) , off her just released 12 track albums “ The Oblation ” . A beautiful song of worship describing God in his holiness . This song will take you to a deeper level in your worship and reverence for the Holy God .
DOWNLOAD AUDIO : Sharonee – Mimo
The post Sharonee – Mimo appeared first on notjustOk .
A viral video circulating on social media displays a shocking account of a traffic stop between a white cop and a white man . But this story does not end with bloodshed , tears , demonstrations , calls for justice and police investigations .
The narrative does n't question the man 's humanity or the lack thereof .
And even more striking is the fact that the assailant was able to walk away completely unscathed , even after charging at the officer . It 's not the typical unfolding when a police officer and a person of color are involved in the narrative .
I need you to watch this ! And when I say `` you '' , I mean anyone that does n't understand what @ kaepernick7 is protesting . For black and brown people , it does n't usually go down like this . This cop feared for his life and still showed compassion . A post shared by Common ( @ common ) on Oct 6 , 2017 at 1:27am PDT
The video opens with the cop yelling towards the man , “ Get on the ground ! ”
You can see that his taser is drawn as he aims it towards the man 's back . The man slowly crouches down onto the ground , but then things take a very dramatic turn when the man leaps up off the ground onto his feet .
Clearly shaken , the officer continuously yells “ Get on the ground ! ” Seconds later he releases his taser which only prompts the man to charge towards the officer . After a short chase , where it appears the man may have even , the man runs towards the officers car and gets in the front seat . The video abruptly stops after the officer swings the car door open urging the man to get out of the front seat .
Multiple celebrities have reposted the video , pointing out the blatant juxtapositions in how Black people are handled by the police .
“ I need you to watch this ! And when I say “ you ” , I mean anyone that does n't understand what @ kaepernick7 is protesting . For black and brown people , it does n't usually go down like this . This cop feared for his life and still showed compassion , ” rapper Common wrote on Instagram .
The Roots drummer Questlove wrote the following caption on Instagram : ” …take note that even when BLATANTLY disregarding the law , and even threatening an officer , this lucky young man still has his life at the end of the day . The MOST amazing thing I 've seen in the last 2 months . Just wow . Cause you know if that was me ? Pssssh ”
An ongoing study by The Washington Post reveals that in 2017 , 748 people have been fatally shot by the police . Black people made up 168 of those deaths . When Black people only make up 12 percent of the U.S. population , the numbers are staggering .
Do n't continue to ask why we chant , “ Black Lives Matter ! ” Do n't look away when we kneel during the National Anthem .
The raised fists , the calling forth for justice and the displays of resistance will spur forward until all people of color are treated with the same compassion that was bestowed upon this white man .
DO N'T MISS :
T-Boz Criticizes Authorities After Her Mentally Ill Cousin Is Gunned Down By Police
NAACP Saw This Coming : Missouri White Ex-Cop Acquitted Of Killing Anthony Lamar Smith
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation plans special camps to boost trade licence collection
Report by Odisha Diary bureau , Bhubaneswar : To assess the updated performance in Revenue Collection and to enhance revenue collection from various sources , Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation reviewed the service performance level of the tax collectors with indicators of target fixed earlier and those achieved in a review meeting today under the Chairmanship of Additional Commissioner , Alok Kar . As the financial year is going to be ended soon , collection of taxes has become a major concern of BMC .
It was discussed that BMC needs to strengthen the system of collecting revenues from trade licenses after getting to know that so many traders are running their business without obtaining Trade license from BMC . Interestingly , Revenue Cell BMC has collected data base of VAT registered traders from Commercial Tax Department ( CTD ) , Odisha . It has been planned to organise special camp for those organisations who have not obtained license so far and will be asked to take license from the dedicated Trade License Camps . BMC is going to organise the camp for a week shortly at 12 different locations within BMC area . After the camps , if it is found that commercial activities are going on without licence ; actions will be taken against such organization as per rules .
Zonal Deputy Commissioners ( ZDCs ) , Tax Collectors , Miscellaneous Sarkars and Data Entry Operators and officials of all zones , Revenue Cell attended the meeting where different strategy for revenue collection status was discussed . Revenue Expert of BMC , Bibhu Behura and Anurag Satpathy gave a brief presentation at the meeting .
It can be mentioned here that the BMC authorities are planning to achieve a target of Rs 90 crore as revenue collection from various sources including holding tax , user 's charges , advertisement , trade licence , parking fees , rents from different markets .
Key points :
1 . Trade License camp for strengthening of revenue
2 . Tax reform by BMC going on
3. Review of performance of tax officer .
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Rabbits have long been associated with Easter .
The traditional figure of the Easter Bunny delivering eggs is said to have been created in Germany , originally as the Easter Hare who decided whether children had been well-behaved at the start of the holiday and brought gifts to those who had been good .
It often leads to youngsters wanting their very own Easter Bunny - but many of the rabbits are abandoned once the holidays are over and the novelty wears off .
One pet shop chain has now decided enough is enough .
Pets at Home has said it will ban the sale or adoption of rabbits at all 440 of its stores over the Easter holiday weekend .
It is instead offering free workshops for youngsters to learn about small animals and responsible pet ownership .
Pets at Home also announced a promotional partnership for the workshops with Sony Pictures on the new movie Peter Rabbit .
Peter Pritchard , CEO of Pets at Home , said : `` Our decision to stop the sale and adoption of rabbits during Easter has been made to educate potential owners on the importance of responsible pet ownership .
`` Our informative workshops will help families understand what 's involved in being a responsible pet owner . What 's more they 're also a fun and free way to learn about small furry animals and rabbits during the holidays . ''
Pets at Home 's workshops will look at animal welfare and show kids the long-term commitment that comes with owning a pet .
The Pet Pals Easter activity club will be held from March 24 to April 15 at Pets at Home stores throughout the holidays .
Staff will share their knowledge , talk to children about pet care and the needs of small furry animals including rabbits .
To find your nearest workshop , visit the Pets at Home website
11 things you need to know when buying a rabbit
Dear Feelings Doctor : I 've been reading your column , and your advice to the man who has had several lovers was good for him , but I have not been with a woman in nine years . I am kind of shy and really find it difficult to approach anyone . I have my good family and friends for years who I trust , but no one else . How can I try to start again ? Thank you .
— Stan in Santa Barbara
Dear Stan : By writing me and sharing your desires , you are ready now to begin the next chapter of your life . Bravo ! Here we go ...
Where have you been spending most of your downtime ? What types of hobbies and sports do you enjoy ? Start with baby steps in those directions , doing things that make you happy and taking risks with those who show up around you . Make conversation with people in line at the store or coffee shop . By putting yourself out there a little each day , you will feel more confident .
Mention you are ready to begin dating now to your close friends and see if they have anyone in mind . You trust your family and friends , now begin trusting yourself . Good luck , and have fun !
Dear Feelings Doctor : I am newly sober and have been working a program now for four months . I really want to get the healthy part of my life back , which includes my friends , and remember the good , fun times again . Help , please . Your suggestions are greatly appreciated .
— Kathy in Santa Barbara
Dear Kathy : Congratulations on your four months ! Second : Find a program , a sponsor and support group right away if you have n't already . As you seek an emotionally healthy , sober life , your relationships with friends and family will change . It is time for you to make new friends who have the same goals that you do right now — working a program and staying sober , exercising and taking better care of yourself in different ways than you have before .
It sounds like a broken record , but it is so very true — one drink is too many and a hundred is not enough ! Letting your old friends know that you are making important changes in your life right now , and that their support is appreciated , will also be a blessing for you .
But no matter what , each day is the beginning of that new start that you have chosen . Keep reaching for your goals — one day at a time with the vision of that bright future that you can see ahead .
Dear Feelings Doctor : I am trying with all of my might to stop smoking ! It 's a b * * * * ! I get crabby , and the people in my office are thinking I am losing it . Please , can you help me ? Thank you in advance . Please answer as soon as possible . P.S . I really liked your column today .
— Stacey in Ventura
Dear Stacey : Way to go ! What a huge gift you are giving yourself ! The addiction of nicotine is as powerful and habitual as heroin . It is , however , possible to stop smoking with all of the help that is available these days .
Check with your doctor to decide which of the avenues is right for you . There are patches , sprays , gums and shots that you can try , along with behavioral modification . First begin with your routine each day : Switch it up from the minute you wake up until the moment you lay your head down on the pillow at night . The rituals that you have had as a smoker will need to be changed immediately . When you go out to dinner , sit in the nonsmoking section . Tell everyone you meet that you have stopped smoking , enlisting the support from others will be a big help .
Begin an exercise routine if you do not already have one . The more you stay active , the less time you will have to notice that automatic “ reach ” for your cigarettes . Join a support group either online or locally for nonsmokers .
The first three to five days will be the most difficult , but your symptoms will be tolerable and more manageable as time goes by . Keeping your hands occupied and your mouth busy is a goal right away . It may sound a bit crazy , but sunflower seeds are actually one of the best things to have around . It keeps your mouth and your hands busy while eating something healthy as well .
I have given you several suggestions , but I 'm sure there are a few that will work for you right away . If you slip up , do n't give up ! Start over again . Please keep in touch . You have support right here .
Got a question for The Feelings Doctor ? Click here to submit a question anonymously .
— Psychotherapist Randi Rabin , M.A. , MFTI , answers reader questions in her weekly Noozhawk column , The Feelings Doctor , and can be contacted at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . She received her bachelor 's degree in psychology from Antioch University Santa Barbara and completed her master 's degree in psychology at Pacifica Graduate Institute under the guidance of renowned psychologist Stephen Aizenstat , Pacifica 's chancellor and founding president . She has worked as a counselor with a number of local nonprofit organizations and schools . Click here for previous columns . The opinions expressed are her own .
Santa Barbara County Probation Department leaders want to use a private company for mental health services to the Santa Maria Juvenile Hall and Los Prietos Boys Camp instead of using county personnel from the Alcohol , Drugs and Mental Health Services department , as they do now .
It would save $ 300,000 to switch the services to Corizon , the firm that already provides medical services to both Probation and the Sheriff 's Department , and mental health to the County Jail , according to Takashi Wada , director of the Public Health and ADMHS departments .
The Board of Supervisors decided to discuss the proposed contract this week before deciding whether to make the switch during the budget hearings .
Probation has suggested this change multiple times over the past few years as a cost-saving measure , according to department head Bev Taylor . All service levels would stay the same , but the private company would be in charge of the Juvenile Justice Mental Health program .
Probation 's budget also reflects cutting staff members because of fewer admissions to Juvenile Hall , but no people were let go since the positions were already vacant , Taylor said .
The 10.9 full-time ADMHS workers displaced by the potential switch would be transferred to other positions within the department , Wada said . Spots have been kept empty or filled with temporary employees to prepare for this possibility .
The Corizon contract is scheduled to go before the Board of Supervisors on Tuesday , and the timing miffed some board members during the budget hearings .
“ I find it very difficult to make a change in what we know is working with what we also know is a really difficult population at the Juvenile Hall , ” Supervisor Janet Wolf said . “ If we can , or the county executive officer can find the money to supplement the Sheriff 's Department , I think we should be able to find the money to maintain the service that we have in the hall that we know if working . It 's not broken . ”
While the overall caseload of juveniles in Probation is getting smaller , there is a larger percentage that is high-risk and needs mental health services , probation manager Wendy Stanley said in a February presentation to the Board of Supervisors .
Referrals for juvenile crimes dropped 44 percent over the past five years , but high-risk offenders now make up 85 percent of the total caseload . In Juvenile Hall , 45 to 50 percent of the youth have a serious disorder or multiple mental health conditions , she said .
The department also reached a 10-year high for female bookings in 2012 .
By diverting the first-time and lower-risk offenders to intervention services , the youth that remain under supervision have more significant issues , Stanley said .
Scroll down to see the Corizon contract .
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Corizon for Santa Barbara County Sheriff 's Department and Probation Department by Giana Magnoli
The HockeySchtick writes : A paper published today in the Journal of Atmospheric and Solar-Terrestrial Physics finds another potential solar amplification mechanism mediated by galactic cosmic rays [ GCRs ] ( and distinct from Svensmark 's cosmic ray theory of climate ) . The author demonstrates :
Solar modulation of GCR [ Galactic Cosmic Rays ] is translated down to the Earth climate .
The mediator of solar influence are energetic particles .
GCR impacts the O3 [ ozone ] budget in the lower stratosphere .
O3 influences the temperature and humidity near tropopause , and greenhouse effect .
Effectiveness of this mechanism depends on geomagnetic field intensity .
“ In this paper we show that bi-decadal variability of solar magnetic field , modulating the intensity of galactic cosmic ray ( GCR ) at the outer boundary of heliosphere , could be easily tracked down to the Earth 's surface . The mediator of this influence is the lower stratospheric ozone , while the mechanism of signal translation consists of : ( i ) GCR impact on the lower stratospheric ozone balance ; ( ii ) modulation of temperature and humidity near the tropopause by the ozone variations ; ( iii ) increase or decrease of the greenhouse effect , depending on the sign of the humidity changes . The efficiency of such a mechanism depends critically on the level of maximum secondary ionisation created by GCR ( i.e . the Pfotzer maximum ) − determined in turn by heterogeneous Earth 's magnetic field… ”
The paper adds to over 100 potential solar amplification mechanisms described in the literature .
As to the false belief that solar activity does not correlate to global temperatures , the sunspot ‘ integral ' , the accumulated mean sunspot activity , and Fourier analysis all demonstrate this belief to be false , there is a good correlation :
The paper : https : //www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1364682615300316
Bi-decadal solar influence on climate , mediated by near tropopause ozone
N.A . Kilifarska
Abstract
The Sun 's contribution to climate variations was highly questioned recently . In this paper we show that bi-decadal variability of solar magnetic field , modulating the intensity of galactic cosmic ray ( GCR ) at the outer boundary of heliosphere , could be easily tracked down to the Earth 's surface . The mediator of this influence is the lower stratospheric ozone , while the mechanism of signal translation consists of : ( i ) GCR impact on the lower stratospheric ozone balance ; ( ii ) modulation of temperature and humidity near the tropopause by the ozone variations ; ( iii ) increase or decrease of the greenhouse effect , depending on the sign of the humidity changes . The efficiency of such a mechanism depends critically on the level of maximum secondary ionisation created by GCR ( i.e . the Pfotzer maximum ) − determined in turn by heterogeneous Earth 's magnetic field . Thus , the positioning of the Pfotzer max in the driest lowermost stratosphere favours autocatalytic ozone production in the extra-tropical Northern Hemisphere ( NH ) , while in the SH − no suitable conditions for activation of this mechanism exist . Consequently , the geomagnetic modulation of precipitating energetic particles – heterogeneously distributed over the globe – is imprinted on the relation between ozone and humidity in the lower stratosphere ( LS ) . The applied test for causality reveals that during the examined period 1957–2012 there are two main centers of action in the winter NH , with tight and almost stationary ozone control on the near tropopause humidity . Being indirectly influenced by the solar protons , the variability of the SH lower stratospheric ozone , however , is much weaker . As a consequence , the causality test detects that the ozone dominates in the interplay with ULTS humidity only in the summer extra-tropics .
Advertisements
Italy 's consumer price inflation eased slightly at the start of the year , in line with expectations , preliminary figures from the statistical office Istat showed Friday .
The consumer price index climbed 0.8 percent year-over-year in January , just below the 0.9 percent rise in December . The figure also matched consensus estimate .
Excluding energy and unprocessed food , core inflation remained stable at 0.6 percent in January .
On a monthly basis , consumer prices edged up 0.2 percent in January , slightly slower than the expected increase of 0.3 percent .
The EU measure of inflation , based on the Harmonized Index of Consumer Prices , grew 1.1 percent annually in January , following a 1.0 percent rise in December . Meanwhile , the HICP inflation was expected to moderate to 0.8 percent .
Month-on-month , the HICP dropped 1.6 percent in January , almost in line with the 1.7 percent fall economists had forecast .
by RTT Staff Writer
For comments and feedback : editorial @ rttnews.com
Economic News
What parts of the world are seeing the best ( and worst ) economic performances lately ? Click here to check out our Econ Scorecard and find out ! See up-to-the-moment rankings for the best and worst performers in GDP , unemployment rate , inflation and much more .
INDIANAPOLIS ( WISH ) — The Wayne Township Fire Department demonstrated steps to stop someone from bleeding in an emergency Wednesday after a gunman in Virginia shot a U.S. Representative and four other people .
First responders hope their demonstration will help citizens prepare for the real thing .
“ You may be right there on the front lines and there 's no one from public safety and there are things that you can do . One of those : stop the bleeding , ” Captain Michael Pruitt said .
It was no drill in Virginia when the gunman opened fire on a practice for the congressional baseball game . Congressman Mo Brooks said he rushed to help a staffer who 'd been shot in the leg .
“ I took off my belt and myself and another congressman , I do n't remember who , applied a tourniquet to try to slow down the bleeding , ” Brooks said .
A tourniquet is a device tied around a limb , two to three inches above a wound . Applying a tourniquet is the last of three steps Wayne Township Fire and the Department of Homeland Security say you can take to stop bleeding .
Medics with Wayne Township said , if a proper tourniquet is not available , you can make one using a shirt or cloth . You can use a pen or a stick to twist the cloth and create more pressure .
“ That 's what it 's all about for us today , just pushing that message out to empower the average citizen every day to save someone 's life , ” Pruitt said .
Get to know one of the DMV 's rising artists Patrice Live at the # KYSBlockParty
More # KYSBlockParty
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
IT is very reassuring that the Judiciary under Hon Justice Walter Nkanu Onnoghen , has seized the gauntlet in efforts to ...
Revathy Defends Manju Warrier 's Silence
While speaking on the matter , Revathy said that Manju has decided against commenting on Dileep 's return to AMMA as she has a 'personal connection ' with the whole controversy .
`` Manju has decided to stay away from all this for now . She has a personal connection to the entire issue and it 's her right to keep away from the row , '' she added .
Manju Has Spoken About The Actress Assault Case In The Past
While Manju has decided against commenting on the AMMA issue , the fact remains that she is quite outspoken and has been a pillar of support for the attacked actress for some time . Last February , she had asked AMMA to ensure that justice prevails and hinted at a conspiracy behind the attack .
She Has Spoken In Favour Of Dileep As Well
Last year , Manju had spoken in favour of Dileep 's Ramleela and criticised those who were asking for a ban on the film . She had also made it clear that there is no place for such things in a civilised society .
To Conclude ..
There 's no denying that Dileep 's return to AMMA has taken a toll on the organisation 's reputation . The Kannada Film Industry recently commented on the controversy and asked AMMA to re-consider the decision to take back Dileep . KFI 's actions indicate that this is no longer something that concerns only Mollywood . As such , it will not be too surprising if Manju is ultimately forced to comment on the matter .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
This story is about Published 1h
5 things to know about Texas A & M 's Sweet 16 opponent , Michigan Share This Story On ... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Jamie Squire/Getty Images WICHITA , KS - MARCH 17 : Jordan Poole # 2 and Moritz Wagner # 13 of the Michigan Wolverines celebrate Poole 's 3-point buzzer beater for a 64-63 win over the Houston Cougars during the second round of the 2018 NCAA Men 's Basketball Tournament at INTRUST Bank Arena on March 17 , 2018 in Wichita , Kansas . ( Photo by Jamie Squire/Getty Images )
By Alex Miller , Texas A & M blogger Contact Alex Miller on Twitter : @ AlexMill20
The Aggies advanced to the Sweet 16 for the second time in three years after Texas A & M dismantled 2-seed North Carolina 86-65 in their own backyard last Sunday in Charlotte . Now travelling cross-country to Los Angeles , A & M will face 3-seed Michigan ( 30-7 ) Thursday night at the Staples Center . Here are five things to know about the red-hot Wolverines .
The team on fire
A & M may be facing the hottest team in the nation , as Michigan has rattled off 11 straight wins dating back to Feb. 11 . The Wolverines were feeling the heat on Saturday though against Houston . Freshman guard Jordan Poole drained a three-pointer at the buzzer to give Michigan a 64-63 win over the Cougars -- true madness in March .
MICHIGAN WINS IT AT THE BUZZER ! ! ! ! 🚨🚨🚨 # MarchMadness pic.twitter.com/COR9MEjX59 — NCAA March Madness ( @ marchmadness ) March 18 , 2018
Last weekend 's thriller has been one of the few times the Wolverines have been challenged during their remarkable late-season run . Aside from a six-point overtime win against Iowa in the Big Ten tournament , Michigan has only won by less than double-digits twice ( both by nine points ) .
Dominant on defense
This game will feature the two best remaining defenses in the nation . According to KenPom , the Wolverines have the No . 3 adjusted defensive efficiency while the Aggies rank No . 4 .
On average , Michigan allows 63.1 points per game , eighth best in the nation . The Wolverines also rank 15th in turnover margin ( +3.5 ) .
The Wolverines stress on-ball defense , forcing opponents to take many contested shots . Michigan 's defense has been molded into a monster by first-year assistant Luke Yaklich .
What makes @ umichbball so great on defense ? It starts with the relentless of assistant coach Luke Yaklich . https : //t.co/6ww6BaEwcR — Freep Sports ( @ freepsports ) March 17 , 2018
While points will come at a premium , scoring 70 may be the magic number to beat Michigan . In their seven losses this season , six came when the Wolverines ' opponents scored 70-plus points . On the contrary , Michigan has only won once this year when its opponent scored 70 . A & M averages 75.3 points per game , and has failed to score at least 70 points 12 times this season , losing eight of those games .
Wagner Wolverines ' go-to guy
A & M 's Tyler Davis will be dealt a tall task in Michigan forward Moritz Wagner ( 6-11 , 245 ) . As a junior from Germany and a team captain , Wagner leads the Wolverines in scoring ( 14.2 ppg ) and rebounding ( 7.1 rpg ) .
Not only is Wagner a threat on the low block , but he can back up and drain threes , too . For the season , Wagner is 40.3 percent from deep and has made the third-most threes on the team ( 56 ) . One thing A & M must keep Wagner from doing is recording a double-double . The Wolverines are undefeated this season in the seven games Wagner has recorded one .
I really enjoyed watching Houston 's Corey Davis compete . And then he suffered this .
Man .
But then a classy move from Mo Wagner .
What a way to finish in Wichita . pic.twitter.com/CHZqeq7lWp — Jeffrey Parson ( @ JeffreyParson ) March 18 , 2018
Kings of neutral sites
Another NCAA tournament game means another neutral site contest , games Michigan has thrived in this season . Michigan currently holds a 9-1 record this year on neutral courts , including a 6-0 mark this postseason .
The Wolverines ' lone neutral site loss came in November against LSU 77-75 in the Maui Invitational . Their loss to the Tigers was one of their worst defensive outings of the season . LSU shot 58.1 percent and out-rebounded Michigan 31-29 .
Michigan mighty successful in Sweet 16
Michigan is no stranger to the second weekend of the tournament , as this will be the 15th Sweet 16 appearance of all-time for the Wolverines , including their fourth in five years .
Times in the # Sweet16 since 2013 :
4 - Michigan , Duke , Arizona , Kansas , Wisconsin , Kentucky and Gonzaga .
No team has more in that span . # GoBlue | # MarchMadness pic.twitter.com/OTi3Abo4d8 — Michigan Men 's Basketball ( @ umichbball ) March 19 , 2018
Michigan has gone 12-2 in the Sweet 16 . One of its two losses came last year to Oregon in a heart-breaking 69-68 defeat . This will be the sixth Sweet 16 trip for A & M , but the Aggies have never gotten past this round .
By Emman Ovuakporie
ABUJA-DISTURBED by alleged discriminatory cut-off marks for admission into unity schools in the country , the House of Representatives has ordered the House committee on Basic Education and Services to probe the matter and report back to the House for further legislative actions in four weeks .
This was sequel to the adoption of a motion by Rep Randolph Brown at House 's plenary on the need to investigate the criteria for the varied cut-off marks for the admission of pupils into unity schools by the National Common Entrance Examination Board ( NCEEB ) .
Brown , in his submission , noted that the cut-off marks published recently by NCEEB for admissions into Unity schools in the country , varied drastically from state to state . The lawmaker argued that uneven cut-off marks for students , who will study same courses in the future is dangerous for the nation 's educational system , which is already distressed .
He lamented that for instance , “ some students , who have to meet a cut-off mark of 65 percent from Abia State by the NCEEB standards , will be expected to end up in the same university , study the same courses as their contemporaries from Zamfara State that had to meet up the cut-off mark of 14 percent for male and 12 percent for female . ”
Brown , while calling on the House to step into the issue , contended that the discriminatory cut -off marks , if not checked , will further portend grave danger for the educational system and the country at large .
Chinese President Xi Jinping is displayed on a big screen as he delivers a speech at the closing session of the annual National People 's Congress in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , China , Tuesday , March 20 , 2018 . Ng Han Guan AP Photo
DA 's Office has 30 days to bring back Steven Kunes , who skipped two local court hearings last month
The Santa Barbara County District Attorney 's Office is working to extradite Steven Kunes of Santa Barbara , arrested in New Jersey last week after skipping court hearings in Santa Barbara County Superior Court in August to face charges of check forgery .
Senior Deputy District Attorney Brian Cota had predicted that a bail bondsman , keen on getting the $ 40,000 back that Kunes ran out on , would find him and was proven right , according to a Philadelphia news outlet .
Kunes is in custody in New Jersey , but Cota was unsure whether he was arrested on the warrant or in a new case .
“ We have 30 days to bring him back , and it depends on a number of things when that will happen , ” Cota told Noozhawk in an email . “ The first step is to see if he will waive extradition . If now , we will start the extradition process ; that will take some time to complete . ”
Kunes faces charges of second-degree commercial burglary , intent to commit larceny and any felony , and felony counts after allegedly trying to pass bad checks at Montecito Bank & Trust . He was also arrested for a parole violation in March and pleaded not guilty to the charges .
After Kunes skipped two court hearings and there were reports that he left the state , Cota asked a Superior Court judge to increase the warrant bail amounts on Kunes so , if picked up , he could n't immediately post bail and disappear again .
Kunes claims to be a screenwriter but appears to have many holes in his self-proclaimed resume and has submitted plagiarized works to local publications , including Noozhawk , that were taken from Newsweek columnists .
His next court date will depend on when he is brought back from New Jersey .
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Do n't miss Moneybagg Yo “ 2 Heartless Edition , ” part of Bliss Saturdays June 9th from 10pm-3am at Bliss Nightclub in DC ! Reservations and bottles at BlissDC.com .
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Michael L. Tibbs , age 66 of Oroville , Washington was born in Tonasket , Washington to parents Dave and Lillian Tibbs . Leaving his loving family quietly , Mike stepped into Glory on the morning of September 28th at his home .
Surviving is his wife , Miki ; his son , Mitch ( Trish ) ; his daughters , Julie Tibbs and Paige ( Wade ) Scott ; his , grandchildren , Chad , Cody , Seth and Noah ; his great grandson , Bodie ; his siblings and many wonderful friends . Mike was preceded in death by his parents .
We are so grateful to Hospice during Mike 's final days . Special Thanks to Peggy , Julia and Kayla for their loving care and devotion to Mike 's needs .
A Memorial Service will be held on Saturday , October 14 , 2017 at 11 a.m. at Trinity Episcopal Church in Oroville with the Reverend Marilyn Wilder officiating . In lieu of flowers any gifts may be made to “ No Paws Left Behind ” in Oroville .
Bergh Funeral Service and Crematory is in charge of arrangements .
Straight Outta Compton ‘ sis about to bring a huge sports figure to the screen . According to Variety , he will be playing Major League Baseball pitcherin an untitled movie about his life .
Ice Cube ( O'Shea Jackson Jr. 's father ) , Jeff Kwatinetz and Hacksaw Ridge producer , David Permut , are set to produce the film . Permut acquired a spec script called “ Dock ” from writer Joey Poach back in November and he brought Dock Ellis ' son to the team as a consultant .
Ellis played in the major leagues for 12 years , nine of those years were with the Pittsburgh Pirates . Ellis often advocated for Black players and continued the fight for racial equality in the major leagues , similar to Jackie Robinson . He got a bad rep after he retired , saying that he pitched a no-hitter in 1970 while he was high on LSD . He continued to say that he never pitched a game sober and eventually he sought treatment for his alcohol and drug addiction . For the remainder of his life , Ellis counseled other folks suffering from substance abuse problems , especially athletes . He died from a liver ailment in 2008 at age 63 .
Ellis ' biopic is the first developed under a partnership with Ice Cube 's production company , Cube Vision , AID Partners , and a Hong Kong media investment company . There has yet to be a release date announced .
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Are you ready to have the ‘ time of your life ' in Derby ?
Perhaps you would prefer to be ‘ just a jump to the left ' from doing the Time Warp in the city ?
Well this summer you will be able to do both if you desire when the blockbuster films Dirty Dancing and the Rocky Horror Picture Show are beamed on to a big screen in Markeaton Park .
( Image : Derby Live )
The two movies will be shown during the first weekend in August as part of the ever-popular season outdoor theatre and cinema season , Derby Live has announced .
And what 's more there will also be performances from the actors of the well-known Oddsocks Productions who are bringing a double bill of Shakespeare to Markeaton Park Craft Village .
The outdoor cinema will this year be showing the 80s favourite Dirty Dancing on Friday August 3 followed by the cult classic The Rocky Horror Picture Show on Saturday August 4 .
Tickets to see each film on the big screen are available for £13 , and if you book before 30 June to save £2 a ticket .
( Image : Sky Movies Gold )
And the season will kick off with outdoor theatre favourites Oddsocks Productions with a double-bill of Shakespeare with a twist . Oddsocks ' The Tempest will make its Derby debut from Thursday June 14 to Saturday June 16 , followed a few weeks later from Tuesday July 24 to Thursday July 26 by the return of last year 's popular production of Romeo & Juliet .
Tickets for both Oddsocks shows are available for £18 , and £15 for under 16s . Book before June 1 for £3 off .
Tickets for the outdoor theatre and cinema season can be purchased through the sales and information centre on Derby 255800 , online at derbylive.co.uk or in person at the Market Place , Derby .
We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in .
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An elderly woman was told that she would have to wait two hours for an ambulance to assist her after she fell and cut her head in Ashbourne , according to an onlooker .
The witness said that the woman tripped at around 11am on Friday , February 2 , and could not get up .
It is understood that she hit her head when she fell on the pavement next to the A515 St John Street and was waiting for at least 45 minutes , but it is unclear when medics from East Midlands Ambulance Service actually arrived .
Numerous people came to her aid and called 999 , but they were afraid to move her off the floor for fear of worsening her injuries , according to eyewitness Gerald Eley .
The retired teacher from Holbrook said : “ Me and my wife wanted to go to Young Ideas in Ashbourne and as we were walking towards it we saw an elderly woman was lying face-down on the street opposite the shop .
“ There were three or four people around her already so we did n't go over to her .
“ We went into the shop and the manager there went out to ask if the woman was alright .
“ When the manager came back they said that an ambulance had been called but they were told that it would be two hours away because the lady 's injuries were n't life-threatening . ''
Mr Eley , 69 , said : “ What distresses me is that because there were no first-aiders there , everyone was terrified of helping her because they did n't want to make her injuries worse .
“ We spent quite a long time in the shop , around 40 to 45 minutes I 'd say , and when we came out she was still lying there .
“ She was an elderly lady so you just do n't know what her injuries are . She could have had a severe head injury or internal bleeding which is very dangerous .
“ The most shocking thing was that the manager of Young Ideas told me that there is an ambulance station just 800 yards away from where the woman was laying . How does that work ? ”
Recently , East Midlands Ambulance Service ( EMAS ) has advised that a two hour wait for an ambulance is possible for some non-urgent cases .
In the past , it was advised that the maximum wait for an ambulance should be no more than 30 minutes and , in the case of life-threatening cases , it should be eight minutes .
However , recent changes to the way EMAS prioritise certain 999 calls in an attempt to reach life-threatening cases sooner has seen the waiting period for non-urgent cases skyrocket .
Prevously , a man in Derby suffered as a result of these changes when he waited for two hours for an ambulance after he fell in Kedleston Road .
We reached out to East Midlands Ambulance Service for a comment , but we were unable to make contact .
This recipe uses spinach as the main ingredient , which results in a tender and rich breakfast or brunch dish . Other recipes include bacon , ham or even seafood . While the idea of making such a difficult-looking dish may be intimidating , it 's really quite simple and will impress your family and friends .
What you need :
• 1 9-inch deep-dish frozen pie crust .
• 1 tbsp . butter .
• ½-cup shallots , thinly sliced .
• 4 large eggs .
• 1 cup heavy cream .
• ground nutmeg , pinch .
• ¾ tsp . salt .
• 1/8 tsp . cayenne pepper .
• 1 cup grated cheese of choice , Swiss and Gouda for this recipe .
• 1 10-ounce package frozen chopped spinach , drained of all water .
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees . Remove the pie crust from the freezer and thaw until just soft . Prick the bottom and sides all over with a fork . Bake on the center rack until fully cooked and lightly golden . Turn the oven down to 325 degrees .
Heat butter in a small pan over low heat . Cook shallots until soft and translucent , about 15 minutes . Do not brown . Set aside to cool .
In a medium bowl , whisk together eggs , heavy cream , nutmeg , salt and cayenne pepper . Place the cooked pie shell on a baking sheet . Spread shallots over bottom of the cooked crust and then sprinkle grated cheese over the top . Scatter the spinach evenly over the cheese and then pour the egg mixture over top .
Bake at 325 degrees for 50-55 minutes until the custard is set and the top is lightly golden . Serve hot or warm .
This delicate and decadent version of a classic quiche is as fun to eat as it is to make . Enjoy .
Cooking since he could pull a chair up to the stove at 5 years old , Joey Morasse , of Lebanon , is the owner and operator of JoJo 's Barbecue and Catering . He is also a personal chef and offers in-home cooking classes .
Project info
Thresholds are part of the Presence of Absence theme . These door and window sills present entrance , albeit closed , to the remnants of another time , a liminal state of change , a rupture from the past toward an uncertain future .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Russia 's spat with the US is not a return to the cold war
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Sometimes I hear people say , “ I wish I had more choice on the ballot ” or “ I wish I had someone else to vote for . ”
Moody 's keeps Italy 's rating steady as banking sector stabilises
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Its green commercial renovation at 3890 La Cumbre Plaza Lane will be part of Saturday 's public review
JM Holliday Associates Architects has been selected by the American Institute of Architects-Santa Barbara Chapter to be part of the 2011 ArchitecTOURS program scheduled for public review from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday .
J. Michael Holliday , AIA LEEP AP , was the principal architect for the selected project , Michelle Swanitz was the technical manager and Bottenfield Construction was the general contractor for the job .
The project selected for inclusion on the ArchitecTOURS is the 3890 La Cumbre Plaza Lane green commercial renovation project .
Transformation
The goal of this complete commercial building shell renovation project was transformation ! Starting with an existing 35-year-old aesthetically lacking grocery store in the heart of a vibrant Santa Barbara commercial center , two entrepreneurial brothers bought the structure with an intent to recycle it and give it new life . One corner of the new facility would serve as a flagship location for their expanding Habit Burger Grill business while the upstairs and downstairs were to be converted for professional office use .
New Skin for Old Bones
The structure of the existing building was solid , but the old exterior skin needed to be removed , recycled and replaced . The building was stripped down to its structural frame , recycling a significant portion of the existing building materials , and a new energy efficient skin applied employing a rich , warm palette of natural materials and colors .
The client desired a contemporary structure despite traditional city design mandates , and the architects worked to achieve what the city Architectural Board of Review would call “ just the right mix of old and new. ” Details and finishes include natural finish FSC redwood , copper pipe handrails and downspouts , natural finish red brick pavers , VGDF wood doors , and clear finish aluminum hardware and window mullions .
Greening and Forward Leaning
The client desired a green renovation effort within the confines of a very tight budget and schedule . Portions of the existing impermeable concrete and asphalt driveways were recycled and new semi-permeable brick patio areas introduced . A new high fly ash concrete driveway was used to significantly reduce the heat island effect over black asphalt . New planters incorporate drought-tolerant landscaping and water-conserving drip irrigation .
Building upgrades include high efficiency SOLEX glazing , high fly ash ( low polluting ) concrete surfaces , energy efficient lighting , low Volatile Organic Compound paints/finishes/adhesives , high efficiency HVAC units and extensive insulation to significantly exceed Title 24 Energy conservation requirements .
— Renee Johnson represents JM Holliday Associates .
[ BizHawk is published weekly , and includes items of interest to the business community . Share your business news , including employee announcements and personnel moves , by emailing [ email protected ] . ]
The popular downtown Los Agaves Restaurant this week opened a second location on Upper De la Vina Street in Santa Barbara .
Owner Carlos Luna said the new restaurant at 2911 De la Vina St. , which opened for business Monday , has the same menu and specials as the original location at 600 N. Milpas St .
He said loyal customers have inspired Los Agaves to add an uptown restaurant , which is about the same size as the Milpas location .
Los Agaves has been open for five years at the corner of Milpas and Cota streets , where the lunch line is commonly seen out the door , Luna said .
Mprint Swimwear Hosts Grand Opening
Mprint Swimwear has opened a kiosk in Paseo Nuevo in front of Victoria 's Secret as its first brick-and-mortar retail location .
Mprint co-founders Suzanne Silva and Cody Dragon came up with the idea for the swimwear — they cut out small designs ( such as hearts peace signs ) in bikini bottoms for fun tan lines — about a year ago when Silva was a student at Santa Barbara Community College .
“ It 's a pretty unique product , ” said Dragon , a Santa Barbara native .
In addition to opening the kiosk last week , the 20-something co-founders have piqued the interest of local retailers and some in Southern California that have already or soon will carry their patent-pending products . They hope to take the swimwear international by next summer .
Granada Books Opens Downtown
Granada Books hosted its grand opening Thursday at 1224 State St. , next door to the Granada Theatre .
Local residents , bibliophiles and lovers of Santa Barbara 's downtown arts district joined founders Emmett McDonough and Sharon Hoshida for a ribbon-cutting ceremony and other festivities .
Anna and the Band played music , and poems written especially for the community bookstore — by Santa Barbara Poet Laureate Chryss Yost and poet laureate ex-emeritus ' Barry Spacks , Perie Longo , Paul Willis and David Starkey — were read .
Montecito Bank & Trust Makes New Hire
Montecito Bank & Trust has hired Suzi Schomer as a vice president and business development officer .
Schomer has more 30 years of experience in financial services , with expertise in investment and asset management having worked with local clients and others in the Portland , Ore. , and Austin , Texas , markets .
Her experience also includes the development and implementation of wealth management strategies for multifaceted , complex trust , investment management and private banking clients
Griplock Systems Leases New Space
Griplock Systems , a global leader in cable suspension products , has leased a space at 1132 Mark Ave. in Carpinteria for its new headquarters .
The company , which has been based in Carpinteria since 2002 , manufactures customizable systems used to suspend lighting , art , displays and rigging , among countless other applications .
Enjoying a prolonged period of growth in new products and markets , Griplock had outgrown its existing facilities and was looking to expand while keeping its operations all under one roof .
Local Law Firm Adds Two Associates
Santa Barbara law firm of Cappello & Noël , LLP has added two new associates .
John Marshall will represent clients in complex litigation , including intellectual property matters . He previously was an associate in the Intellectual Property Group at Ropes & Gray in Silicon Valley , where he defended complex patent litigation suits on behalf of some of the world 's largest technology companies .
Jasper Ozbirn will focus his practice on complex business litigation . He joins the firm after working as an associate litigator at Citron & Citron in Santa Monica . While there , he was responsible for all aspects of litigation including case management and analysis , preparing and arguing motions and trial work .
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Matt Terry and X factor co-star Freddy Parker moved in together after forming a firm friendship on last year 's show .
But less than a month later , Freddy had left the flat he shared with the eventual winner of the ITV reality show .
Now , X Factor champion Matt has explained why Freddy moved out of their shared pad - and insists they 're still very good friends .
“ He 's my best mate .
`` I understood why he had to go , though ; he wants to save money , he wants to go home with his family , so I totally respect that .
`` But I 'm sure I 'll see him soon .
`` He 's writing his music and I 'm writing mine , so as soon as he 's free we 'll definitely catch up , ” he told Reveal .
Matt , 23 , added that Freddy had been a great housemate while it lasted : “ We were both clean !
`` We got on really well , which was good . ”
He also laughed off the idea his new bachelor pad would be the focus of wild parties now he 's living alone .
“ It 's more of a little safety zone , ” he said .
“ It 's where I go back to chill out , but I do have friends over . ”
Explaining their decision to move in together , a source said at the time : “ The boys get on so well and were both planning on moving into London anyway so decided to move in together .
“ Matt 's not shy about telling people . He 's moving in with his best mate so he does n't see it as a big deal . ”
And Matt himself told Loose Women in December : `` I said ' I need someone to live with , ' and he said ' I need someone to live with . ' I said 'Are you clean ? ' and he said 'Yeah ' and that was all I needed . ' ''
But less than a month later , Freddy had moved out .
Matt told The Sun : `` We 've moved in , I think he might be moving home at some point . He 's doing his writing and he 's a bit far away . But at the moment we 're all so busy I do n't get to see anyone . We have n't had a housewarming yet , just a few friends over for fajitas . ”
The guys met on the 2016 series of X Factor , which wrapped in December with Matt being crowned the winner .
Both of them are now pursuing solo music careers .
Matt had a hit over the festive period with winner 's song , When Christmas Comes Around , penned by Ed Sheeran , and is now working on his debut album .
Ron Jaworski : Well first of all Daks had an unbelievable season for a rookie . He was very , very impressive . Anybody to say they were n't surprised by that would be crazy . I actually liked him coming out of Mississippi State . I did not expect him to be the starter and play as well as he did .
Matt Mosley : What will be the toughest thing for [ Dak Prescott ] in Year 2 when teams have more time now to study him and try to prepare for him ?
Former Eagles QB and current ESPN analyst Ron `` Jaws '' Jaworski recently joined `` The Doomsday Podcast '' with Matt Mosley and Ed Werder to talk all things football . Here are some highlights from their interview :
The one thing I love about the offseason [ is ] I do n't have to prepare for a lot of shows ... we do throughout the NFL season . I can sit at my office at NFL Films , plug the tape in , get a cup of coffee and prop my feet up on the desk and just watch throw after throw . And you watch Dak Prescott just drop back and you get a template of how he plays the game . ... What jumped out at me was his ability to hang in the pocket and process information quickly . It 's uncommon for rookie quarterbacks to do that . The experience he got with Dan Mullen at Mississippi State really helped him .
Very few guys in their rookie year show the ability to process that information quickly . And it was early in the season -- that New York Giants game that opened the season -- you could see that he was ready for the NFL . The game was n't too big for him . It was amazing how he got as the season wore on better in the pre-snap phase identifying the defense , better in the post-snap phase identifying the defense and just had the uncanny ability to throw the ball with accuracy . I 'll say that he threw with accuracy but it 's also an area I believe he has to improve on .
As you go from the rookie season to the second season you 're going to get better . I would say Dak must improve on the accuracy aspect of his game .
Why Dak 's a top 10 QB in the NFL now
Ed Werder : How convinced are you , Ron , that we 're seeing the beginning of a career that will lead to Dak being considered an elite top five , top 10 franchise-type quarterback ?
Ron Jaworski : He 's a top 10 quarterback right now based on one season of play . And you look at the weapons that he has around him : I always say the quarterback is a dependent position . You depend on other people doing their job so you can do yours . When you look at the people Scott Linehan and Jason Garrett has put around him it starts with the guys up front . You got a [ Tyron ] Smith , a [ La'el ] Collins , a [ Travis ] Frederick , a [ Zack ] Martin and now a Chaz Green going to step in at that right tackle spot .
... They 're going to run the ball first . Then they 're going to throw the football with the play-action pass and you 've got a plethora of players that can catch the football that are smart [ and ] that read coverage well .
You look at Dak and the weapons around him , I mean , how can you not be excited about the future of the Dallas Cowboys , particularly on offense ?
Facing the Doomsday Defense
Matt Mosley : Jaws , you 're such a great storyteller and we 've enjoyed hearing you over the years tell these storys . Now since we are `` The Doomsday Podcast '' ... me growing up in this area I idolized the Harvey Martin 's of the world , Ed `` Too Tall '' Jones . These are still -- even though I 've gotten to know Ed and some of the others -- like mythical characters to us .
Are there any stories that stand out that you remember about anything they said to you when they had you down after a sack or anything that stands out over the years ?
Ron Jaworski : Well first of all , they were n't that kind of team where they were mouthy . It was a Tom Landry coached football team that played with great discipline . And we had incredible respect for the Dallas Cowboys .
By Samuel Oyadongha
YENAGOA—YOUTHS from the nine states of the Niger Delta region have identified perennial leadership failure as reason why the region has remained poor and under-developed despite trillions of Naira appropriated and expended by the Federal and state governments and intervention agencies .
The youths , on the platform of Pan Niger Delta Youth Leadership Forum , PANDLEAF , led by Richard Akinaka , stated this during a meeting with Presidents of Itsekiri , Urhobo and Ijaw youth councils as part of ongoing engagement with youths leadership in the region .
The Itsekiri , Ijaw and Urhobo youths , were led to the meeting by Ahbateyiniro Weyinmi , Eric Omare and Festus Igherebuo .
Akinaka , in a statement in Yenagoa , Bayelsa State capital , noted that the region has nothing to show for years of budgeting and deploying trillions of Naira through states , intervention agencies and Federal Government .
He said : “ Leadership is not given , but it is a responsibility taken and as such we have to wake up now . Our region is not without resources or institutions , but it only lacks accountable leadership .
“ The problem of the region is that of perennial leadership failure .
“ We are embarking on this engagement with ethnic youth leaders to instill a renewed sense of responsibility for peace , harmony and common development . ”
Cause of bad leadership
Also , a member of the National Executive of PANDLEAF , Dr. Selekaye Victor-Ben , noted that the poor leadership problem was caused by the imposition of political leaders on the people of the region .
According to him , “ most of the young men imposed on us have failed because they listen to the dictates and old ideology of their sponsors . ”
In their remarks , the presidents of Itsekiri , Ijaw and Urhobo youth councils commended PANDLEAF for its beautiful ideas and pledged their total readiness to work with the group .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham is among 16 UK cities to be issued with a final warning to tackle lethal levels of pollution .
The European Commission has issued the warning to the Government to fast track anti-pollution and clean air measures to protect citizens or face legal action at the European Court of Justice .
London , Birmingham , Sheffield and Glasgow are among the cities named on the order . Similar warnings have been issued over levels of nitrogen dioxide in other major European cities including Berlin , Lyon and Barcelona .
Birmingham City Council is currently developing plans for a Clean Air Zone , due to be introduced in 2019 , under which heavy-polluting commercial vehicles like buses , lorries and taxis will be charged to enter the city centre . It faces a fine of £60 million if it fails to control pollution .
High pollution is responsible for 520 deaths a year due to respiratory and cardiovascular disease in Birmingham according to Public Health England , rising to 1,500 across the wider West Midlands .
And council bosses , who described the issue as a public health crisis on a par with poor quality drinking water in Victorian slums , have not ruled out further measures if the clean air zone does not bring nitrogen dioxide down below legal safety limits .
The city 's licensing department is also considering plans to take almost 2,000 older , diesel-run , black cabs and private hire vehicles off the road by refusing them new licenses from December .
Paris is making public transport free and promised to ban diesel cars by 2025 . The Mayor of London Sadiq Khan earlier this week called for the Government to offer a £3,500 discount on new cars for those scrapping an older diesel motor .
Jenny Bates , Friends of the Earth air pollution campaigner , said : “ Air pollution is responsible for tens of thousands of early deaths every year and is harming the health of an entire generation of children .
“ Current government plans have been shown to be too little too late . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Birmingham Cabinet Member Lisa Trickett speaks to MPs Share this video Watch Next
Around four fifths of dangerous nitrogen oxides from traffic is generated by diesel-powered vehicles , the Commission has warned . In Birmingham the city centre and M6 are pollution hotspots .
The Government has so far remained committed to the reduction despite last year 's Brexit vote . A spokesman said : “ That 's why we have committed more than £2 billion since 2011 to increase the uptake of ultra-low emissions vehicles and support greener transport schemes and set out how we will improve air quality through a new programme of Clean Air Zones .
“ In addition , in the Autumn Statement , we announced a further £290 million to support electric vehicles , low emission buses and taxis , and alternative fuels . ”
A new air quality plan is due to be launched by Government in April .
When her husband died in 1989 , Friedolina Howell wanted him buried in a place that honored veterans .
After considering several cemeteries , she and her four sons settled on White Chapel Memorial Gardens ' “ Garden of Valor ” and paid the fees for two plots — one for Robert Howell , a retired Air Force officer , and one that would later be used for her .
Years passed . Friedolina turned 91 . On Feb. 7 , she died .
Her sons thought it would be simple to lay their mother to rest beside their father since her burial plans had long ago been decided . They set her graveside service for Feb. 12 .
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website , apps , the digital newspaper and more . SUBSCRIBE NOW
But more than a month later , her body continues to lay in cold storage at a Wichita funeral home because , her family says , the cemetery refused to let her be buried in the plot she bought .
And her funeral plans have been canceled twice .
“ When my dad died , I asked my mom , do you see a casket you like ? We wrote everything down , ” James Howell , one of Friedolina 's sons , told The Eagle last week . “ The funeral home had kept all the stuff on my dad .
“ My mom said , ‘ Same service . ' So I thought lickety-split , not a problem . ... That 's what my mom wanted . ”
Howell says , though , when the time came to arrange her graveside service , the cemetery told him he had to sign additional contracts - even though one has been in place since 1989 - before they would bury her .
Howell , who is an attorney in Wichita , said the new contract is unnecessary . He and his brother , Michael Howell , are now suing the cemetery 's owner StoneMor , saying the company breached its original burial contract with them and has “ engaged in a series of ‘ deceptive ' acts and practices ” that violate consumer rights protected under Kansas law .
When you buy burial rights from a cemetery , “ you have the absolute right to be buried there , ” James Howell said . “ They ( StoneMor ) and they alone obstructed that . It 's where she goes . ”
A spokesman for StoneMor said Friday he could n't talk about the case because “ the company the does n't comment on pending litigation . ”
White Chapel Memorial Gardens , 1806 N. Oliver , is an 80-acre cemetery located just east of Wichita State University in north Wichita . It 's one of 316 cemeteries and 93 funeral homes owned by StoneMor in the U.S. and Puerto Rico , according to its website .
The company also owns two other Kansas cemeteries : Old Mission Wichita Park in Wichita and Fairlawn Burial Park in Hutchinson .
The lawsuit seeks more than $ 75,000 in damages . If the court awards any money in the case , Howell said he and his brothers will likely do something charitable with it in his mother 's name .
“ She was a great lady , ” Howell said of his mother , who was born in Austria , spent time in a concentration camp and worked in a parachute factory while Germany occupied the country .
Howell said his father met and married her while he was in the military and brought her back to the United States . She became a citizen and raised four boys , sometimes on her own because her husband was away serving in the Korean and Vietnam wars .
“ She was the matriarch of the family , ” Howell said .
“ My mom would n't want this . ”
Howell said after his mother died last month and his family began finalizing her funeral plans , they met with an employee of White Chapel Memorial Gardens on Feb. 9 . The cemetery employee told Howell that the cost of their mother 's graveside services would be $ 1,547 . The employee also gave them two contracts he said the family was required to sign before their mother 's burial could move forward .
The problem , according to the family 's lawsuit , is that one of the contracts had provisions in it that required the family to “ waive all liability ” on the part of the cemetery “ for any damages they might cause ” preparing for the service and digging the grave .
The other document was a new sales contract that “ involved new terms not previously disclosed or bargained for , ” the lawsuit says , and had terms in it that were n't included in the contract Friedolina signed when she bought the plots . Those terms include a provision that allows the cemetery to cancel services before a person 's burial vault is placed in the ground , according to the lawsuit .
Howell refused to sign , arguing that there was already a valid contract in place .
“ I said , I 'm not buying anything or financing anything . I just want to open ” her grave , he said . The fine print on the contract “ is small and it 's hard to read . It had all kinds of stuff on it . ”
Most people “ would sign this and not ask a single question , ” Howell said . “ They do n't know any better . ”
The lawsuit says after Howell 's refusal , cemetery employees told him signing the papers was n't necessary for the burial to go forward . The cemetery accepted a $ 1,547 check from him and gave him a receipt .
But later that afternoon , the employee called Howell to say that StoneMor “ decided they would no longer agree to allow Friedolina Howell to be buried in her space ” on Feb. 12 unless the contract was signed , according to the lawsuit .
“ I was just outraged . I could n't believe it . We signed everything . We paid their money . Everything was there . And then they called me up ” to cancel , Howell said .
Howell said ultimately he called off his mother 's graveside service after the cemetery repeatedly told him on Feb. 10 that burial could not go forward without the signed contracts .
After more phone calls and emails , StoneMor eventually changed its mind .
But by then it was too late to reschedule the funeral for its original day and time , Howell said .
“ I said it 's too late . Everybody 's got to leave , and it 's too late to get a ( burial ) vault out there ” and delivered the cemetery on time , Howell said .
“ As a consequence , there will be no family service other than Jim and his brothers ” because Friedolina 's extended family members are unable to all travel to Wichita at the same time to gather together , said Russell Hazlewood , an attorney representing the Howells in the lawsuit .
Howell and his brother earlier this month obtained a court order signed by a Sedgwick County judge that requires StoneMor to let their mother be buried in the space she paid for .
The second attempt to hold her funeral had been set for 10 a.m. Friday .
But that had to be called off , too , Howell said , after the cemetery claimed it had n't received the $ 1,547 payment for her graveside service .
Howell has the receipt for the check he wrote . It still had n't been presented to his bank as of last week , he said .
“ We made plans to get my mom in the ground . That 's a real sad time , ” Howell said .
He paused to wipe away a tear as emotion swept over him .
“ She 's still over there , laying there in her casket ” at the funeral home , he said .
“ When someone dies , that 's the worst time to be playing games . It 's sad . Nobody is very happy about this in my family . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Tamworth school is calling on parents to stop parking on nearby roads to drop off their youngsters after a car ran over a child 's foot earlier this week .
Staff at Dosthill Primary School have issued a warning to parents not to park on School Lane or in the adjacent co-op car park unless ‘ absolutely necessary ' , as parked cars are obscuring the view of drivers using the roads .
Many have concerns that the parking problems could lead to further accidents and are urging parents to park elsewhere .
In a letter to parents from the school , it read : “ I know many of you are concerned about the parked cars on School Lane and the congestion at the beginning and the end of the school day .
“ We share these concerns .
“ This week a child was hurt when a car drove over his foot . It was an accident and the motorist 's ability to see was obscured by the parked cars and the amount of vehicles on the lane .
“ The victim was upset as was the driver of the vehicle , but fortunately there will be no lasting damage to the child from the accident .
“ However , the incident could have been much worse . I will be speaking to children in an assembly about safety on the road and the Lane .
“ I Appeal to you not to use School Lane or park in the co-op car park unless absolutely necessary .
“ No cars should ever be parked on the Lane either before or after school .
“ Nothing is more important than the safety of our children . Please do not put this at risk for the sake of a few minutes parking elsewhere and walking to school . ”
The note from the school stated that the accident took place earlier this week and that no lasting damage has been done to the victim .
The school also said that Staffordshire Police had also been notified and were looking into the incident .
Have you had problems with traffic outside Dosthill Primary School , if so contact Herlad reporter Nick Reid on 01827 848600 or email nicholas.reid @ cintamworth.co.uk
Freckles and The Progress Review encourage potential pet owners who are loving and responsible to consider adopting a pet from the Cedar Bend Humane Society .
Simon ( about 5 years old ) is a handsome chocolate point Siamese that loves to chase anything that rolls ! He gets along well with older children , and would prefer to be the only pet in the home . He is not a huge fan of being held , but he loves to be petted and sitting by your side as your relax on the couch . He is fairly independent , and would love to find a home that respects his space when he requests it . Simon is declawed on his front paws ; his adoption fee is $ 80 .
For more information about adopting a pet , contact : Cedar Bend Humane Society , 1166 W. Airline Highway , Waterloo , Iowa 319-232-6887
cbhsadoption @ mchsi.com – www.cedarbendhumanesociety.com
Predictive algorithms have been aiding us for years ( see several of Google 's products , for instance ) under the guise of making our lives easier by helping us make decisions .
But when do predictive algorithms cross the ethical line ? Recently more jurisdictions at the state and local levels in the US have been buying software products from companies that use such algorithms along with data mining to make decisions that could have irreversible impacts on individuals and communities — such as determining jail sentences and predicting public policies .
This growing power has several people in the tech space worried , including Hany Farid , a professor of computer science at Dartmouth College . Farid recently co-published in the journal Science Advances a paper that revealed the findings after examining one such predictive algorithm tool that is used to predict recidivism risk , or the likelihood that criminals will commit another crime . The co-author was Julia Dressel , an undergraduate at Dartmouth who based her thesis around the research .
Farid says that since the inception of the algorithm programs in courtrooms more than a million people have been analyzed with them . Although Farid does not object to artificial intelligence ( AI ) as a whole , he does raise a red flag with the lack of transparency in the predictive process that these private companies are currently allowed to hide under , covered under the veil of proprietary information .
“ I think perhaps one of the most important things , before we talk about efficacy , accuracy and fairness , is that this is a commercial entity and the details of the algorithm are very tightly kept secret , ” Farid says . “ So , these decisions are being made inside of a black box where we do n't know what is actually happening and I think , ... given the stakes here , that should be a little concerning to us . ''
Farid and Dressel found the program they examined had an accuracy rating of 65 percent — which , to their surprise , ended up being as good as the rate that resulted after polling 400 people online using Amazon 's Mechanical Turk crowdsourcing marketplace . The people paid a dollar to answer 50 questions after seeing a short paragraph about the defendant .
“ They know nothing else , ” Farid says . “ And they 're basically as accurate as the software . ''
The researchers began their studies by plugging in the simplest possible learning classification system algorithm when it comes to law , which takes into account two factors : how old defendants are and how many convictions they have had . In what is probably not a surprise , defendants who are young and have committed several crimes are at the high-risk end of the spectrum , with older defendants with fewer convictions on the other end .
What was a bit more eye-opening was that the number of prior convictions was a proxy for race , taking away any notion that algorithms could be race-blind , Farid says .
“ There should be more understanding of what the algorithm does so that we can give a proportional weight to it , so that we can say , ‘ You know what ? This is a pretty simple thing . I 've got two numbers : how old they are , how many prior convictions . I 'm aware of prior convictions having racial symmetry . I 'm going to use those numbers in a way that is proportional to my confidence in this estimation , ' '' Farid says .
“ Once we understand [ the algorithms ] then we can deal with the limitations and the strengths , and look , in the end — 10 , 20 years from now — they may do better than humans . They may eliminate some of the biases that we know exist , but I do n't think we are there yet and in the process I think people are suffering because of failures of these algorithms . ''
In matters regarding human services and public policy , algorithms are also being used for several determinations , including detecting high-risk homes for child abuse and accessing the abilities of teachers . These two areas alone have generated a high amount of lawsuits , says Ellen Goodman , professor of law and co-director of the Rutgers Institute for Information , Policy & Law at Rutgers University .
“ None of these decisions — not human , not algorithmic — are perfectly accurate , ” Goodman says . “ Therefore they are attuned one way or another to privilege certain policies . So , in the criminal justice context , we may want more false positives than false negatives , right ? We may want to be conservative about sentencing so that we make sure even people who pose a lower risk are locked up rather than let them go and have them commit a crime . So that 's a policy choice . … Those preferences are built into the algorithm , but we do n't know what they are . ”
Last August , Goodman co-wrote an academic paper in the Yale Journal of Law & Technology to document the lack of information that is being shared about the predictive algorithm software . Goodman and her colleague sent out requests to 42 jurisdictions at the state and local levels . They did not expect to receive the software itself , but they hoped to glean some insight about high-level objectives or the policies that were incorporated into the software . They received little to no response . A few replies came with actual contracts with the software companies .
“ And so we think that the claims were essentially either that they had no information because cities are not bargaining for this information or that they were protected by trade secret , ” Goodman says .
Goodman says that there is a misconception that this technology is going to be a cheaper solution compared to the traditional human decision-making . She says that from an ethics standpoint , people should want their jurisdictions to demand pertinent sets of data information , public records and checks . Then there is additional auditing to consider .
“ We 're going to need a lot more transparency and it 's going to cost money , ” Goodman says . “ If it 's done on the cheap , I think ultimately it 's not going to be cheap because we 're going to have a lot of litigation around it because these due process concerns are not going to be handled well . ''
This article is based on an interview on PRI 's Science Friday with Ira Flatow .
©2017 Science Friday
Villanova 's unbeaten start now includes a No . 1 ranking in the AP Top 25 , while Arizona State is making a rapid rise into the top 10 under third-year coach Bobby Hurley .
After a tumultuous week in which unanimous No . 1 Duke and No . 2 Kansas lost , the Wildcats ( 10-0 ) earned 41 of 65 first-place votes to hop over Michigan State and reach the top for the third straight season .
Villanova and Michigan State were the favorites to take over at the top after the Blue Devils ' weekend loss at Boston College , though there was far less certainty for voters about who was now the nation 's top team . The Spartans ( 9-1 ) earned 19 first-place votes to climb from third to second , while the other five first-place votes went to the Sun Devils — who leapt 11 spots to No . 5 after Sunday 's win at Kansas .
Arizona State ( 9-0 ) is off to its best start since the 1974-75 season . Now the Sun Devils — who also have a win against Xavier this season — have their highest ranking since reaching third during the 1980-81 season .
Wichita State climbed three spots to No . 3 , followed by Duke and Arizona State . Unbeaten Miami climbed four spots to No . 6 , followed by North Carolina , Kentucky , Texas A & M and Xavier to round out the top 10 .
Villanova helped itself with an impressive win against No . 12 Gonzaga last week in New York , though the Wildcats had to fight to the final minute Sunday to close out a La Salle team that entered at 5-5 .
“ It 's always an honor to be ranked No . 1 , ” Villanova coach Jay Wright said in a statement . “ It 's great for the Nova Nation and we appreciate the respect of the writers . We know it 's early , though , and we need to get a lot better . ”
KANSAS ' FALL
The Jayhawks ( 7-2 ) slid 11 spots to No . 13 after two losses last week , the first coming against Washington in Kansas City , Missouri , before losing to the Sun Devils in Allen Fieldhouse .
SHUFFLE UP
Only two teams — No . 8 Kentucky and No . 12 Gonzaga — stayed in the same spot . Thirteen teams rose in the poll , while four of the seven teams that fell slid at least eight spots .
TOP RISERS
Arizona State 's leap was the biggest , though No . 11 West Virginia ( 9-1 ) moved up seven spots after beating then-No . 15 Virginia . No . 14 TCU ( 10-0 ) climbed six spots after a win against a then-ranked Nevada team .
Miami , UNC , No . 15 Seton Hall , No . 17 Purdue and No . 20 Tennessee all climbed four spots .
LONGEST SLIDES
While Kansas ' losses stood out , No . 22 Florida had the biggest fall of the week .
The Gators ( 6-3 ) slid 17 spots after home losses to Florida State and to Loyola Chicago — a game in which they led for all of 93 seconds . Florida salvaged a win against Cincinnati in the Never Forget Tribute Classic in Newark , New Jersey , to avoid a four-game skid .
No . 18 Notre Dame ( 8-2 ) fell nine spots after an upset loss to Ball State , while the No . 25 Bearcats ( 7-2 ) slid eight spots .
NEWCOMERS
There were three newcomers to this week 's poll , though one is more of a welcome back .
The list included No . 19 Florida State ( 9-0 ) and No . 24 Texas Tech ( 7-1 ) , while Arizona returned to the rankings at No . 23 .
Arizona 's 0-3 showing at the Battle 4 Atlantis in the Bahamas made the Wildcats the first team in three decades to go from No . 2 in the AP Top 25 to unranked in a week . But four straight wins have the preseason Final Four favorite back in the poll .
SLIDING OUT
Minnesota ( No . 14 last week ) , Nevada ( No . 22 ) and Southern California ( No . 25 ) all fell out of the poll .
1 . Villanova ( 41 first-place votes )
2 . Michigan State ( 19 )
3 . Wichita State
4 . Duke
5 . Arizona State ( 5 )
6 . Miami
7 . North Carolina
8 . Kentucky
9 . Texas A & M
10 . Xavier
11 . West Virginia
12 . Gonzaga
13 . Kansas
14 . TCU
15 . Seton Hall
16 . Virginia
17 . Purdue
18 . Notre Dame
19 . Florida State
20 . Tennessee
21 . Baylor
22 . Florida
23 . Arizona
24 . Texas Tech
25 . Cincinnati
The man who draped Raquel Welch in doe skin , creating “ mankind 's first bikini ” for cult classic One Million Years BC , has been celebrated with a plaque in his home town .
Kirkby-born Carl Toms OBE won numerous awards for his designs , including a Lawrence Olivier Award for a theatre set , but it is his Hollywood work that is known to millions across the world .
His fur bikini that Mrs Welch wore in One Million Years BC became one the most iconic outfits in film history , leading to the film poster becoming an all-time best-seller .
Welch who played 'Loana the Fair One ' in the 1966 film told in a 2012 interview how the Kirkby native got up close and personal with one of the most beautiful women in the world : “ Carl just draped me in doe skin , and I stood there while he worked on it with scissors . ”
The outfit later became famous to a new generation when convicts in the Oscar-winning 1994 film The Shawshank Redemption , used the bikini poster to cover an escape tunnel .
Mr Toms who died aged 72 at his home in Hertfordshire in 1999 , was once one of the most sought-after and successful designers in theatre , opera , cinema and ballet working in Britain , Austria and the United States during a career spanning 50 years .
Recognising his accomplishments , he received the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in the 1969 Honours .
He started life in humbler circumstances , born above a tailor shop now Taylors Corn Stores on Kingsway before attending Diamond Avenue Boys School .
To commemorate his life and works a plaque has been unveiled marking his birthplace on Tuesday , May 29 .
The research into Mr Toms who won a Tony Award for Best Scenic Design and a Laurence Olivier Award for Best Set Design and organisation of the plaque was carried out by Kirkby Living Memory Group member and entertainer Trevor Lee .
He said : “ It is fantastic that we are able to celebrate the life and work of this local hero . His career spanned so many mediums across a number of countries around the world so to recognise his success in his hometown is a proud moment for Kirkby and his legacy . ”
Amongst many other achievements , he also decorated the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden for the Royal Gala and designed a Wedgewood tankard for the wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana .
In 1965 in his home town of Kirkby , the final film to be shown at the Regent Cinema , now Wetherspoons , was ‘ SHE ' the very first film he worked on as a costume designer for Ursula Andress .
Ashfield District Council funded the research and plaque with £250 in funding .
Councillor Rachel Madden , who also contributed from her local members grant , said : “ We are proud to have supported this event as it is important that we recognise and acknowledge our cultural history here in Ashfield . Our residents can be proud of people such as Carl Toms who have made such an impact in their field around the world ” .
“ It is fantastic that local historians such as Trevor and the Kirkby Living Memory Group can share stories such as this and reveal the fascinating past of our district . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A cheating wife locked in a “ desperately unhappy ” marriage was denied a divorce by a judge who said she was too sensitive .
Tini Owens , 66 , failed to persuade a family court judge to allow her to divorce husband Hugh Owens , 78 .
Now Mrs Owens has asked Court of Appeal judges to overturn that decision .
Three appeal judges – led by Sir James Munby , the most senior family court judge in England and Wales – analysed the case at a hearing in London on Valentine 's Day and are expected to publish a ruling soon .
A barrister representing Mrs Owens told the appeal court the “ vast majority ” of divorces were undefended in 21st century England .
Philip Marshall QC added : “ It is extraordinarily unusual in modern times for a court to dismiss a petition for divorce . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
Appeal judges were told the couple had married in 1978 and lived in Broadway , Worcester .
Mr Marshall said Mrs Owens 's case was that her husband had behaved unreasonably and the marriage had irretrievably broken down .
Judges were told that at one stage Mrs Owens had an affair which lasted less than a year .
Mr Owens , a retired businessman , was against a divorce and said they still had a “ few years ” to enjoy , Mr Marshall told appeal judges .
Judge Robin Tolson published the ruling last year in which he refused to grant Mrs Owens 's divorce petition .
He had described Mr Owens as “ old school ” and had said Mrs Owens was “ more sensitive than most wives ” .
Judge Tolson concluded her allegations were “ of the kind to be expected in marriage ” and refused to grant a divorce petition .
But Mr Marshall said Judge Tolson had failed to make “ proper findings of fact ” and argued his ruling should be overturned .
Mrs Owens had made 27 allegations about the way Mr Owens treated her .
She said he was “ insensitive ” in his “ manner and tone ” and said she was “ constantly mistrusted ” and felt unloved .
“ The simple fact is that I have been desperately unhappy in our marriage for many years , ” she said in a witness statement .
“ There is no prospect of reconciliation . ”
Mr Marshall said Mrs Owens had been asked to help the housekeeper pick up pieces of cardboard which had blown over a lawn , been “ snapped at ” in an airport queue and been subjected to “ stinging remarks ” in a restaurant .
Mr Owens had talked of being a tease and said he had a loud voice , judges heard .
“ I am somebody who teases my wife , ” he had said during the litigation .
“ I do it all the time . I know she does n't always appreciate it . ”
Nigel Dyer QC , for Mr Owens , said appeal judges should not overturn Judge Tolson 's ruling .
Sir James said the judges would examine legislation laid down by Parliament and told lawyers : “ It is not a ground for divorce if you find yourself in a wretchedly unhappy marriage – people may say it should be . ”
Ireland 's Dan Martin , who abandoned the recent Paris-Nice race , is back in action this week as the World Tour circuit moves to the Iberian Peninsula for the Volta a Catalunya , from March 19th to 25th , a race he won when riding for Garmin-Sharp in 2013 .
The seven stages , with two climbing arrivals and a total of twenty four Mountain Grand Prix , will be kind to riders who can get fired up on the mountains , like Martin , who has no less than four podiums in the Catalonian race .
Speaking ahead of the race , the Irishman reflected on his previous success at the event , stating :
“ Volta a Catalunya has always been a special race for me , not only because I have lived in the region now for ten years so it is as close to a home race as I can get , but also because the course is very suited to my characteristics and it was the scene of my greatest stage race victory when I took the general classification in 2013 . The 2018 route is very tough and really shows the beautiful region off well . ”
Martin said that getting sick during Paris-Nice was n't the ideal preparation for next week 's World Tour event :
“ It will be a really hard fight for the overall with a lot of the best GC riders in the world riding , but I think we have a great team to attack this race and be successful . Getting sick at the Paris-Nice was not ideal , of course . I had great condition before the race and believe I could have done well there . I 'm not sure how the sickness has affected my form , but I 'm finally feeling healthy again , so that 's the most important thing . ”
Martin will be joined in the UAE Team Emirates squad for the race by Italians Fabio Aru , Roberto Ferrari and Edward Ravasi , Darwin Atapuma ( Colombia ) , Vegard Stake Laengen from Norway , and Australian Rory Sutherland .
Irish riders have won the race three times , Martin in 2013 , and Seán Kelly twice , in 1984 and in 1986 .
There will be extensive TV coverage of the Basque Country 's premier cycle race on Eurosport , with daily live coverage and a highlights programme each evening .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
' I 'm gon na end you '
Former Birmingham City whizz kid Demarai Gray has taken a cheeky swipe at pal Wes Harding , who made his first Championship start on Saturday .
Harding , 21 , starred as Blues dismantled Hull City at St Andrew 's to pull themselves level with 21st-placed Barnsley on 33 points .
And the defender marked a proud moment by posting a message to his followers on Instagram .
Harding said : “ Proud to make my football league debut for @ bcfcofficial yesterday afternoon . The support from my family , friends and 23,000 fans was second to none ! 3 points and a clean sheet . There 's not much more I could ask for . ”
But Gray , who played alongside Harding in the youth ranks at Blues , made his former team-mate a promise if they ever come face to face .
The Leicester City winger replied : “ I 'm gon na end you the day I play against you brooo . ”
Hernandez linked with Blues
Leeds United fans do not want to see the back of Pablo Hernandez this summer amid Garry Monk 's reported interest in the attacker .
Former Elland Road boss Monk is interested in reuniting with Hernandez at Birmingham City according to national reports .
Hernandez , 32 , is out of contract at the end of the season and has not yet been offered fresh terms to extend his stay in Yorkshire .
Monk coached him at both Swansea and Leeds - and Whites supporters are hoping the pair wo n't go on to link up for a third time later this year .
Here 's what they have been saying @ :
Juke enjoying himself
Lukas Jutkiewicz relished an ‘ enjoyable ' fortnight working under Garry Monk and has revealed the freedom Birmingham City have been given in attack .
The 28-year-old was applauded off during Blues ' 3-0 victory over Hull on Saturday having turned in arguably the best 83 minutes of his season .
Jutkiewicz and Che Adams gave the Hull defence a torrid afternoon and whilst the margin of victory was three , in truth it could have been double but for the excellence of Allan McGregor .
And a morale-boosting team display brought Monk his first victory as Blues boss who has had three games in his first two weeks -but now has the international break to continue implementing his methods .
Read the full story :
Blue Noise
Out on trial
Birmingham City youngster Wes McDonald is on trial at Championship rivals Queens Park Rangers .
The attacking midfielder was picked up by Blues at the end of 2013 from Fulham , and has been a regular in the U23s set-up in that time .
McDonald also featured five times in a short loan deal with nearby National League outfit Solihull Moors earlier this season .
He caught the eye particularly in the last campaign , scoring ten times in 24 outings for Richard Beale 's side .
( WSVN ) - Business owners in one South Florida city say a bad road is driving away customers . And as 7 's Andrew Scheinthal reports , they are pleading with the city to repair this “ Rough Road . ”
Anelis Brito , Cairo Lane business owner : “ We 're losing . We 're losing money , we 're losing everything . ”
Anelis Brito says her used car parts store on Cairo Lane is n't losing money because she ca n't find customers . She 's losing money because her customers ca n't get to her .
Anelis Brito : “ Customers are complaining . They do n't want to come through , which I totally understand . ”
A trip to her Opa-locka store includes driving though pools of water and mud , dodging dozens of 18-wheelers and avoiding massive potholes .
Timothy Holmes , Opa-locka commissioner : “ I 'm ashamed to sit here and talk about it . The problem did n't start in the '90s , the problem 's been back ever since the '80s . ”
For years , Opa-locka city leaders have promised to repave the road . Three years ago it was even announced they had a loan from the state to fix it .
Anelis Brito : “ They took pictures and they did a big thing , and newspapers and channels . They were going to start working on that road . ”
But the state took back its loan offer after the FBI uncovered financial mismanagement and corruption in Opa-locka . The city is now working with an oversight panel to help dig itself out of debt .
But commissioners say repairing this road is still a priority .
Matthew Pigatt , Opa-locka commissioner : “ Cairo Lane is just one project , but there are many places across Opa-locka that are dealing with deplorable infrastructure . ”
But to get back the state loan , Opa-locka had to show it could afford to pay for part of the project .
In the city budget approved in December , $ 2.1 million was found to pay contractors .
And the state agreed to give the $ 40 million loan back to the city , which will be used for Cairo Lane and other road projects .
Matthew Pigatt : “ Based upon the timeline , this should be fixed by the end of the year . ”
The city is in the process of finalizing the plans for the project now , but Commissioner Holmes admits to business owners that it should have been done earlier .
Timothy Holmes : “ We could have had all these problems taken care of , and we did n't get it done . I apologize to you all for that . ”
Anelis is hoping this latest promise will pave the road for her customers to come back .
Anelis Brito : “ We need this road fixed . We need this road fixed soon . ”
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
February 2 , 2018
Philadelphia Eagles punter Donnie Jones , right , celebrates with teammates in a 2015 game . Jones , a Catholic , and his NFC champion teammates will play the AFC champion New England Patriots in Super Bowl LII Feb. 4 at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis . ( CNS photo/Larry W. Smith , EPA )
MINNEAPOLIS ( CNS ) — Philadelphia Eagles punter Donnie Jones understands how rarely a chance to play in the Super Bowl comes around .
`` I 've only been once in 14 years , so it 's hard , '' said Jones , 37 . `` I 've tried to explain to these young guys that you do n't know when you 're going to get another shot . We 've got to make the most of this , enjoy the week and get ready for playing the game on Sunday . ''
Jones and his teammates practiced for the first time at the University of Minnesota 's new indoor football practice facility Jan. 31 in preparation for the Super Bowl Feb. 4 in Minneapolis . The Eagles ( 15-3 ) will face the New England Patriots ( 15-3 ) at U.S. Bank Stadium after battling through an injury-riddled season .
`` I 've never been on a team that 's lost so many key guys , '' Jones said . `` I know I hurt for those guys when I think about guys who are here and ca n't take part in the game . You feel for those guys because there 's a lot of time , a lot of sacrifice put into this game . ''
While he has faith in the next guy up on his team , he especially puts his faith in God . Jones , a lifelong Catholic , believes that God has guided him throughout his NFL career and vocation as a husband and father .
`` All of our blessings come from him , '' Jones told The Catholic Spirit , newspaper of the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis . `` We really are truly blessed — I have two healthy kids , ( my ) wife 's healthy , I 'm healthy . A lot of things to be thankful for . ''
Jones attends Mass with fellow players and coaches each Saturday evening before games . When home with his wife , Aubrie , and their two children , Addison and Weston , Sunday Mass takes priority as a family .
`` I just think it 's an important part of your life , '' Jones said .
He indicated faith in their family goes beyond an hour on Sunday as he and his wife teach their children values and `` how to treat people , '' in addition to praying with them daily . Setting a good example for the children also is important , he said .
`` I always tell them , 'Treat others the way you want to be treated and give thanks for everything we have , ' '' Jones said .
Jones grew up attending Catholic schools in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , beginning with St. George School for elementary and middle school . While he had a seamless trek through Catholic education , he did n't have it that way in football .
`` I played football at a young age , but I did n't like anything about football — I did n't like hitting , I did n't like sweating , I did n't like any of that , '' Jones said .
He tried punting for a fifth-grade team but did n't get the position .
`` I kept practicing and practicing , '' Jones said . `` Eventually I played in high school , got to college and somehow lasted 14 years in this league . ''
Jones attended Catholic High School in Baton Rouge , an all-male school where his football career took off . At Catholic , he earned all-state honors as a punter and then punted for Louisiana State University .
At LSU , he averaged 42.1 yards per punt and helped the Tigers win a share of the national title in 2003 as co-champs with the University of Southern California . The Seattle Seahawks then drafted Jones in the seventh and final round of the 2004 NFL draft .
His NFL career has been filled with transition — being waived six times , spending time on practice squads and going almost a decade without a multiyear playing contract . Overall , he 's been through 22 transactions . It has n't sidelined his faith , though .
`` ( I ) always know that He 's going to be there , He 's going to take care of you , '' Jones said of God . `` That 's kind of been the way of my career . I 've moved around with five teams . When I did n't know things were going to work out , he always put me in the right spot . You 've got to have faith , believe . ''
After signing in 2013 with his fifth team , the Eagles , his career stabilized . He averaged 44.9 yards per punt that season , and he planted 33 of his punts inside the 20-yard line . The Eagles offered him a three-year deal in 2014 .
This season , he averaged 45.3 yards per punt , and 21 of them spotted opponents inside the 20 . He also pinned the Minnesota Vikings offense inside the 20 on all three of his punts in the NFC championship game Jan. 21 , a 38-7 Eagles rout . He looks forward giving the defending Super Bowl champion Patriots a long field when called upon Feb. 4 .
`` It 's going to be awesome , '' Jones said about playing in the Super Bowl . `` Ca n't wait . ''
A Facebook post that police allege was written by the Toronto van attack suspect contains militaristic language linked to an online group of men who feel victimized because they are involuntarily celibate , experts say .
The post was allegedly written before the Monday afternoon attack , which killed 10 people and injured 14 others . Alek Minassian , 25 , appeared in court Tuesday to face charges in connection with the pedestrian deaths and injuries .
In the Facebook post , a user named Alek Minassian wrote : “ The Incel Rebellion has already begun ! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys ! All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger ! ”
Mum stabs herself in chest as she trips over the
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain '
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
How Theresa May called for a snap election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm his resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp has inspired great escapes before - but keeping Birmingham City in the Championship might just be his greatest of all .
Redknapp was appointed Blues boss this morning following Gianfranco Zola 's long overdue decision to step down yesterday .
And the man who guided Portsmouth to FA Cup glory in 2008 will immediately set out to repair the damage of the last four months .
The atmosphere at Blues ' Wast Hills training ground has been toxic since the club shockingly sacked Gary Rowett last December .
The first team remain baffled as to why their season was derailed by those at the top . Zola 's appointment did n't help and his methods were n't greatly appreciated by his charges , who saw their chances of reaching the Premier League dashed .
Zola 's coaching team of Pierluigi Casiraghi , Gabriele Cioffi and Sebastiano Porcu are likely to move on with Redknapp expected to bring in his own backroom staff .
Despite all having previous experience in England , Zola 's lieutenants frustrated the Blues squad by communicating in Italian in the dressing room and around the training ground .
However , Rowett and Zola have been and gone . Redknapp must now unite a club that has been overwhelmingly divided for the past 125 days .
If he can do that , Blues should have enough to stave off the threat of what would be an unthinkable relegation .
The Vegas Golden Knights will be taking care of fans during the last week of the regular season .
During each game , fans will walk away with freebies from the team including a Golden Knights flag on March 26 , a shield window cling on March 28 , a car flag on March 30 , and a panoramic photo from the home opener on March 31 . After the final game , select winners will receive the jerseys worn by the players .
In addition , on March 31 there will be a regular season awards ceremony after the game with three awards being presented , including the seventh player award . Fans are invited to participate in selecting a winner for the seventh player award through an online poll . Marc-Andre Fleury , William Karlsson , Deryk Engelland and Reily Smith are nominees for the award . Voting ends on March 28 at 5 p.m .
The Golden Knights will also give away prizes to fans on its social media channels and on vegasgoldenknights.com for the entire week .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
1:38 Flying over Paso Robles in a Ford Tri-Motor airplane
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
2:06 Mayor , residents react to Wal-Mart 's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
1:56 Baby elephant seals eat , sleep and cuddle with their moms at the crowded Piedras Blancas rookery
1:02 Remembering David Fear : ' A Grover Beach hero '
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
FAYETTEVILLE , Ark . ( AP ) — Roy Reed , who covered key events during the civil rights movement for The New York Times before returning to his native Arkansas to write and teach , has died . He was 87 .
Reed died Sunday night at Washington Regional Medical Center in Fayetteville , according to his wife , Norma Reed . He had a severe stroke on Saturday at his home in the nearby unincorporated community of Hogeye .
After stints at the Joplin Globe in Missouri and the Arkansas Gazette , Reed reported on the civil rights movement during the 1960s for The Times .
In 1965 , he witnessed what became known as “ Bloody Sunday , ” when state troopers and others beat black marchers on the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma , Alabama .
In a 2015 interview with the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette , Reed called the event a pivotal moment for civil rights .
“ It sent a tidal wave of rage . I guess people in the North knew bad things were happening in the South , but this they could n't avoid . It was right there on their television set , and it was so brutal , ” said Reed , who also worked in The Times ' White House bureau and at its bureaus in New Orleans and London .
Reed left The Times in 1978 and returned to Arkansas , where he taught journalism at the University of Arkansas and wrote a biography of former Arkansas Gov . Orval Faubus , in addition to an autobiography and other published works .
In addition to his wife , Reed is survived by a son , daughter and five grandchildren . Funeral services are pending .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Video
A second copy of the US Declaration of Independence is found - and it 's in the UK .
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app . The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android .
The British tourist who said he suffered a brain injury after falling during a David Copperfield illusion was on the stand at the Clark County Regional Justice Center on May 1 . ( FOX5 )
Copperfield insisted he knew of no one being injured during more than 15 years of performing a signature vanishing act . ( FOX5 )
A jury says David Copperfield was negligent but not responsible for a British tourist 's injuries during a vanishing act that used audience participants in a Las Vegas Strip show .
Gavin Cox and his wife alleged negligence by the illusionist , the MGM Grand hotel and several businesses in a lawsuit .
The jurors ' decision Tuesday means the couple are not entitled to monetary damages .
Cox testified that he suffered brain and other injuries in a 2013 fall while stagehands urged him and others to run during a trick that appeared to make people disappear onstage and reappear in the theater .
Copperfield testified that until Cox sued , he never knew of anyone getting hurt during nearly 20 years performing the trick .
Cox 's lawyers brought in three women who testified that they also were injured .
[ RELATED : Copperfield civil trial continues with witness testimony ]
[ RELATED : Civil trial against David Copperfield and MGM underway ]
[ RELATED : Las Vegas illusionist David Copperfield in court for 2013 lawsuit ]
[ RELATED : David Copperfield testifies to jury that he takes safety precautions ]
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Some unknown gunmen have abducted a traditional ruler in Kogi , a family source said in Lokoja on Sunday .
The monarch , whose name was given as Alhaji Isah Achuja , the Ohi of Ajaokuta , was returning from Lokoja , the state capital , on Saturday when his vehicle was intercepted on the Lokoja-Ajaokuta road at gunpoint , from where he was taken to an unknown destination .
A member of the royal family , who did not want his name in print , told newsmen that an aide to the traditional ruler and his driver narrowly escaped being hit by the bullets of the abductors .
He said the abductors had already contacted the family and demanded a N20 million ransom .
The State Police Command 's spokesman , ASP Williams Aya , said the incident had not been reported to the command .
He , however , promised that police would swing into action in a bid to rescue the monarch as soon as the details of the abduction were available . ( NAN )
Owners of Microsoft 's high-end Surface Pro 4 convertible two-in-one laptop-cum-tablet have reported a serious screen flicker problem in what has been unimaginatively named 'Flickergate ' .
Update : Mac users are strongly advised to avoid finding and visiting the Flickergate website , as we have confirmed that it has the potential to infect their machines with malicious code . We have removed all links to the website from this article as a precaution - thanks to forum user Guinevere for bringing this to our attention .
Unveiled back in October 2015 and since replaced by a fifth-generation Surface Pro which is absolutely not a Surface Pro 5 , Microsoft 's Surface Pro 4 convertible was dogged with issues at launch . From display driver glitches to massive power drain problems the ownership process was anything but smooth , and now owners are claiming Microsoft is brushing a hardware fault causing the display to visibly flicker under the carpet .
'We are 1800+ customers who lost $ 2.8 Millions+ [ sic ] due to faulty/defective Microsoft Surface Pro devices , ' the Flickergate website claims . 'Microsoft 's Support team is disregarding our issue . '
The group behind the website claims that the issue with flickering displays started around a year after the devices were purchased - outside of Microsoft 's official warranty period , though still eligible for repair , replacement , or a partial refund under European consumer regulations - and affects both original devices and those refurbished at the owner 's cost under Microsoft 's out-of-warranty repair process . '1800+ customers have complained on Microsoft 's support forums and this number is growing by the day , ' the site explains . 'However , Microsoft has not acknowledged the issue . We recommend potential buyers to AVOID surface pro [ sic ] devices until Microsoft have fixed this problem because there is a high chance that your device will become unusable within a year . '
Microsoft , for its part , has not denied the issue , issuing a short statement to The Verge claiming that it is 'aware that some customers have experienced a screen flicker on Surface Pro 4 and are monitoring the situation closely , ' advising anyone so affected to contact Microsoft support directly .
Flickergate , meanwhile , is requesting users sign a petition penned by James Hatcher , currently at just 344 signatures , to pressure Microsoft into recalling and repairing all affected devices .
Update : Mac users are strongly advised to avoid finding and visiting the Flickergate website , as we have confirmed that it has the potential to infect their machines with malicious code . We have removed all links to the website from this article as a precaution - thanks to forum user Guinevere for bringing this to our attention .
Australian Julian Wilson claimed victory at the Billabong Pro Tahiti after defeating Gabriel Medina in the Final .
A full day of competition witnessed intense action from the remaining competitors as they battled through 15 heats in six-to-seven foot surf at Teahupo ' o .
The win marks Wilson 's third CT victory and his best result at the Billabong Pro Tahiti .
The Australian is always a serious WSL Title contender and his first place finish moves him up from 8th to 5th place on the Jeep Leaderboard heading into the Hurley Pro at Trestles .
“ It has been a few years , ” said Wilson . “ It is so special to win . I am ecstatic and I have nothing left in me . I am just so happy and relieved to finally win an event again . It took so many good waves to win this event and I was lucky enough to get those . ”
Wilson had a slow start to this season on the Australian leg but has been building momentum throughout the 2017 season , with improved results at each event , specifically his 3rd place finish in Jeffreys Bay , 5th in Fiji and 9th in Rio .
The contender 's win now puts him just 2,150 points behind World No . 4 Owen Wright .
Wilson ended Jordy Smith 's run in Tahiti in the second Semifinal . The South African earned his best result in Tahiti , a 3rd place finish , and the top spot on the Jeep Leaderboard .
Current World No . 1 Smith will head into the Hurley Pro at Trestles not only ready to defend his event win but eager to keep his lead over the world 's best surfers to improve his World Title campaign .
“ I am still learning a lot and I wish I had figured it out earlier in the event , ” Smith said . “ I am just going to continue to keep learning and watching John ( Florence ) , Jeremy ( Flores ) , Kelly ( Slater ) and those guys and keep learning . I am stoked to be in the top spot .
Billabong Pro Tahiti Final Results :
1 -Julian Wilson ( AUS ) 18.96
2 – Gabriel Medina ( BRA ) 17.87
Billabong Pro Tahiti Semifinal Results :
SF 1 : Gabriel Medina ( BRA ) 15.16 def . Kolohe Andino ( USA ) 13.90
SF 2 : Julian Wilson ( AUS ) 14.26 def . Jordy Smith ( ZAF ) 7.33
Billabong Pro Tahiti Quarterfinal Results :
QF 1 : Gabriel Medina ( BRA ) 18.23 def . Owen Wright ( AUS ) 13.94
QF 2 : Kolohe Andino ( USA ) 14.33 def . Wiggolly Dantas ( BRA ) 7.67
QF 3 : Jordy Smith ( ZAF ) 14.50 def . John John Florence ( HAW ) 13.10
QF 4 : Julian Wilson ( AUS ) 15.16 def . Joan Duru ( FRA ) 9.00
Billabong Pro Tahiti Round 5 Results :
Heat 1 : Gabriel Medina ( BRA ) 14.37 def . Connor O'Leary ( AUS ) 11.66
Heat 2 : Wiggolly Dantas ( BRA ) 15.50 def . Matt Wilkinson ( AUS ) 12.00
Heat 3 : Jordy Smith ( ZAF ) 11.93 def . Conner Coffin ( USA ) 11.40
Heat 4 : Julian Wilson ( AUS ) 14.24 def Adrian Buchan ( AUS ) 10.60
Billabong Pro Tahiti Round 4 Results :
Heat 1 : Owen Wright ( AUS ) 14.50 , Connor O'Leary ( AUS 13.40 ) , Wiggolly Dantas ( BRA ) 13.40
Heat 2 : Kolohe Andino ( USA ) 13.37 , Matt Wilkinson ( AUS ) 12.50 , Gabriel Medina ( BRA ) 6.00
Heat 3 : John John Florence ( HAW ) 15.76 , Conner Coffin ( USA ) 7.90 , Julian Wilson ( AUS ) 4.00
Heat 4 : Joan Duru ( FRA ) 12.33 , Adrian Buchan ( AUS ) 11.43 , Jordy Smith ( ZAF ) 8.40
2017 WSL Men 's Jeep Leaderboard
1 – Jordy Smith ( ZAF ) 37,850 pts
2 – John John Florence ( HAW ) 36,900 pts
3 – Matt Wilkinson ( AUS ) 35,950 pts
4 – Owen Wright ( AUS ) 35,350 pts
5 – Julian Wilson ( AUS ) 33,200 pts
Manigault-Newman 's appearance at the NABJ convention in New Orleans on Friday did not end well .
Trump aide Omarosa Manigault-Newman 's appearance at the National Association of Black Journalists convention in New Orleans on Friday did not go over well with many attendees , reports the Huffington Post .
EXCLUSIVE : Omarosa caused chaos at a conference for black journalists https : //t.co/lbUBCtEEDR pic.twitter.com/FcyEA2NoSh — Page Six ( @ PageSix ) August 11 , 2017
During a panel—moderated by journalist Ed Gordon—that delved into the tarnished relationship between police officials and communities of color , she was questioned about how she is using her platform as an aide in Trump 's administration to help the African American community , the outlet writes . Manigault-Newman reportedly told the audience “ I fight on the front lines every day. ” Her response prompted a mixture of laughter and angry reactions from Black journalists who were watching the panel , reports the source .
Several activists and journalists—including NewsOne 's Jamilah Lemieux—turned their backs towards Manigault-Newman as she spoke .
While discussing Trump 's recent controversial remarks that endorsed police brutality and her thoughts on Freddie Gray 's death , Manigault-Newman said she does n't think “ a black boy should be treated the way Freddie Gray was ” which led to a debate about how referring to Black men as “ boys ” strips away their manhood .
“ Freddie Gray was a black man , not a boy . You see that type of mentality , and that 's what 's wrong with this whole situation right now ― too many of y'all looking at us as boys , ” said author Arthur Reed , according to the source .
The chaos did n't stop there . When asked about her involvement in policy-level discussions , Manigault-Newman attempted to divert the question and told the audience to Google the work that she 's done for Eric Garner 's family , writes the outlet .
The Huffington Post reports that the panel ended when Manigault-Newman walked off of the stage as NABJ President Sarah Glover explained why she was invited to speak .
The dismay of Black journalists spilled out of the room and onto social media .
Lawd . This Omarosa panel went from 0 to 100 really , really quick . — Lilly Workneh ( @ Lilly_Works ) August 11 , 2017
This makes no sense . https : //t.co/9JDzxDdsbU — jelani cobb ( @ jelani9 ) August 11 , 2017
What a hot mess . Is this NABJ or a reality show ? https : //t.co/e9VUwjn06P — Joy Reid ( @ JoyAnnReid ) August 11 , 2017
. @ OMAROSA is a prime example of how all skin folk ai n't kinfolk . # NABJ17 — Savannah West ( @ thesunherself ) August 11 , 2017
What are your thoughts about Omarosa 's remarks ? Sounds off in the comments .
SOURCE : Huffington Post
SEE ALSO :
Omarosa Invites Congressional Black Caucus To White House Again
Omarosa Defends Trump Again At National Action Network Luncheon
ARTICLE FROM : NewsOne.com
Article Courtesy of The Huffington Post and NewsOne
First Picture Courtesy of Steve Mack , Getty Images , and NewsOne
First through Fifth Tweet Courtesy of Twitter and NewsOne
First and Second Video Courtesy of YouTube
1 . Frank Mason III , Kansas : Here 's the thing that makes it difficult to drop Mason out of his spot : Even when he plays poorly , he puts up huge numbers . Mason shot just 3-for-13 from the floor for the Jayhawks on Monday night , playing like his shoes were made of cement as West Virginia built a 64-50 lead on Kansas in Phog Allen Fieldhouse with 2:45 left . Then he was the guy who helped spark the comeback , getting to the free throw line , banging a three and making a pair of critical defensive plays .
He finished with 24 points , five assists and four boards , which is awful similar to the line he had against Baylor , when he shot 3-for-12 from the floor by ended the game with 19 points , six assists and four boards in a win . The Jayhawks did n't even suffer in his worst performance of the season , a 80-79 win over Texas Tech where he went assist-less for the first time this season , fouling out with three minutes left after shooting a paltry 4-for-13 from the floor .
2 . Josh Hart , Villanova : Here 's the concern with Hart 's Player of the Year candidacy at this point : When is he going to be playing games that we have to watch ? Kansas and Frank Mason played in one last night . They play in one against on Saturday , when they visit Baylor . Lonzo Ball played Oregon on Thursday and will pay a visit to Arizona later this month . Caleb Swanigan went up against Indiana in Assembly Hall last week , just ten days after they squared off with Maryland .
The problem with the Big East right now is that no one in the league is going to challenge the Wildcats . Xavier and Creighton lost their star point guards and Butler went off the deep end . Villanova , as good as they are , is not the kind of team that is going to command eye balls regardless of opponent . So are we going to see enough of Hart to be able to loft him over Mason in these standings ?
3 . Caleb Swanigan , Purdue : 16 points , 14 boards , three assists , a win at Assembly Hall . That was Swanigan 's week last week , not bad numbers until you consider that he had averaged 25 points and 13 boards the previous week . He 's still third on this list for three reasons : He 's not on the same level defensively as the two guys above him , he 's fouled out of his last three games and , over the course of his last six games , he has 27 turnovers . That 's 4.5 per game . For comparison 's sake , only James Harden and Russell Westbrook average more turnovers than that in the NBA .
4 . Lonzo Ball , UCLA : There is a bit of a gap for me between the top three and Lonzo Ball for one simple reason : defense . Ball , and UCLA , proved that they can lock up when they need to in last Thursday 's come-from-behind win over Oregon , but the fact of the matter is that the Bruins ranks 126th in defensive efficiency and it does n't matter how good Ball , or UCLA , is offensively . Teams that defend like that are n't title challengers , and Ball holds as much blame for that as anyone on the roster just like he deserves as much credit for their offensive renaissance as anyone in the program , including Steve Alford .
That said , Ball leads the country in “ moments ” . No one has made more big plays in big spots that spread around the internet like wildfire , and that certainly was the case in Thursday night 's game . He had a ridiculous drive through the lane for a layup to give UCLA a three-point lead with under two minutes left , then buried the dagger on an absurd , 27-foot step-back three :
It may not be right , but those “ moments ” matter , and Ball leads the nation in them .
5 . Nigel Williams-Goss , Gonzaga : How about this : Gonzaga is undefeated and ranked No . 1 in the country and they have a point guard that leads them in scoring , rebounding , assists and steals . Williams-Goss may not have the NBA future that some of the other elite point guards across the country have , but his emergence has been the biggest reason why the Zags are as good as they are .
6 . Ethan Happ , Wisconsin : As good as Happ has been this season , it 's hard to overlook the fact that he gets taken out at the end of games because of his issues shooting free throws . Wisconsin survived overtime at Nebraska in spite of Happ . That did not happen at home against Northwestern , a game where Happ played just 26 minutes and had nine points and four turnovers .
7 . Luke Kennard , Duke : For the second time in Duke 's recent five-game winning streak , the Blue Devils were bailed out by Kennard . Two weeks ago , it was a 30-point second half to lead Duke to a come-from-behind win at Wake Forest . On Saturday , he had a team-high 25 points as the Blue Devils narrowly squeaked by Clemson at home .
8 . Justin Jackson , North Carolina : I had a revelation on Justin Jackson during North Carolina 's game against Duke last week , one that made me regret the error of my ways .
Joel Berry II is the guy that makes UNC 's offense run and the guy that makes the Tar Heels elite . Point guards , in general , are more valuable than scoring wings . That said , Berry has had a nasty habit of not showing up . He was 3-for-13 in UNC 's loss at Indiana . He was 3-for-13 in the loss at Georgia Tech . He was 0-for-8 with a technical foul when the Tar Heels got smoked by Miami earlier this month .
Jackson , on the other hand , has been a model of consistency all season long , particularly in ACC play . He 's scored at least 16 points in every league game and is second in the ACC in scoring during conference play at 20.1 points . He 's shooting the ball better than he ever has in his life , and he 's still utilizing a murderous floater-game that 's better than anyone in the country . He 's become North Carolina 's go-to guy and the big-time scorer that they 've lacked for the last couple of seasons .
The Tar Heels may not have the hoss on the block that we are used to seeing from Roy Williams ' best teams , but the biggest reason that has n't hurt them yet is because of how good Jackson has been .
You can subscribe to the podcast on iTunes , Stitcher and Audioboom
9 . Josh Jackson , Kansas : Mason is ( deservedly ) the Player of the Year for the Jayhawks , but it 's becoming more and more clear that Jackson is the most talented player and , arguably , the team 's best player . He had 31 points , 11 boards and four assists at Texas Tech to help the Jayhawks stave off an upset in a game where Mason fouled out with three minutes left , and last night , he had 14 points , 11 boards , five steals and three assists in that raucous , come-from-behind win over West Virginia .
In his last eight games , Jackson has n't scored fewer than 14 points and has hit for at least 20 four times . He has five double-doubles in that span , five games where he 's had at least three assists , five games with multiple steals and is shooting 50 percent from three in that stretch .
10 . Johnathan Motley , Baylor : Monday night 's loss aside , Motley has been consistently terrific all season long . Last week , he had 24 points and 11 boards against Oklahoma State and followed that up with 25 points and seven boards in a win over TCU .
JUST MISSED THE CUT
Bonzie Colson , Notre Dame
De'Aaron Fox , Kentucky
Lauri Markkanen , Arizona
Melo Trimble , Maryland
Malik Monk , Kentucky
Dwayne Bacon , Florida State
Sindarius Thornwell , South Carolina
Joel Berry II , North Carolina
Jock Landale , Saint Mary 's
Alec Peters , Valparaiso
Rep. Steve Scalise , R-La. , the third top Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives , is listed in critical condition , according to the hospital where he received surgery . J. Scott Applewhite AP
DNA barcoding technology helping monitor health of all-important boreal forest
UNIVERSITY OF GUELPH
The Boreal forest is essential to Canada and the world , storing carbon , purifying water and air and regulating climate . But keeping tabs on the health of this vulnerable biome has proven to be a painstaking and time-consuming undertaking – until now .
Cutting-edge DNA metabarcoding technology developed by the University of Guelph can help speed up and improve the monitoring process , according to a new study published today in Scientific Reports .
“ We get a lot more information out of DNA , and we were able to reproduce the data and the interpretations of the data that the standard morphology approach provided , ” said study co-author Mehrdad Hajibabaei , a professor in U of G 's Department of Integrative Biology .
In the study , researchers compared use of advanced DNA meta-barcoding technology — identifying DNA from many aquatic organisms at once — with hands-on identification of invertebrate specimens , used for decades to assess ecosystem biodiversity .
Accurate and timely information about the boreal ecosystem has never been more urgently needed , according to forest scientists . Rising temperatures in the boreal region are leading to degradation of permafrost , as well as more intense droughts and wildfires . Climate change is causing wildfires to burn more fiercely , pumping more greenhouse gases into the atmosphere .
However , federal scientists have been challenged by the sheer volume of bio-monitoring needed for Canada 's forest integrity program , Hajibabaei said .
“ They need to assess the health of this forest , and one way to do that is to look at the presence of invertebrates in the streams . ”
Stream health is an indicator of overall forest health and biodiversity . The time-tested but time-consuming approach was to manually collect specimens by hand and then identify indicator organisms .
“ Natural Resources Canada wanted to get into using the approach – DNA metabarcoding – that my lab has been researching for quite some time , ” Hajibabaei said .
“ They approached us and we initiated this collaboration . The importance of this work is both in terms of taking this approach into a real-world scenario and helping to address the needs of Canadian Forest Service for timely monitoring . ”
Metabarcoding is quick and highly effective at detecting many different aquatic organisms in water , Hajibabaei said .
Identifying invertebrates manually takes time and requires experts , whose results may not always be consistent , he added .
Another important aspect of the work is that it can be applied to an environmental gradient , measuring fluctuations in conditions based on various stressors and processes , Hajibabaei said .
The study involved scientists from U of G 's Centre for Biodiversity Genomics and Natural Resources Canada 's Great Lakes Forestry Centre in Sault Ste . Marie .
The study calls metabarcoding “ a potentially transformative approach to biomonitoring , biodiversity discovery and ecosystem health assessments . ”
The findings give Natural Resources Canada more confidence in DNA monitoring , Hajibabaei said . “ Obviously if they want to mitigate any type of impact , faster and more high throughput approaches are always in demand . ”
# # #
Advertisements
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham is more 'progressive ' than it is given credit for and residents 'rub along alright ' , the council 's social inclusion chief has said .
A public consultation is due start on the city council 's new community cohesion strategy , which stated Birmingham is now a 'super diverse ' city of around 200 nationalities .
Cllr Tristan Chatfield ( Lab , Weoley and Selly Oak ) , social inclusion , community safety and equalities chief , has spearheaded the 'green paper ' document which sets out how the council aims to break down barriers leading to social segregation such as ethnicity , economic growth , gender inequality , education , deprivation , income and an ageing population .
( Image : Birmingham City Council )
Addressing the Housing and Neighbourhoods Overview and Scrutiny Committee yesterday ( Tuesday , July 3 ) he launched a defence of the city 's reputation .
He said : `` Birmingham does cohesion every day . There are hundreds of thousands of people in the city who are all the time building cohesive communities , working together with their neighbourhoods , building business , all the types of things that help build a cohesive city .
`` What we want to do is make sure that we highlight the best practice of what Birmingham can do .
`` A big part of this is to show that regardless of what negative stereotypes sometimes appear in newspapers about Birmingham , to show the reality of how things are on the ground .
`` It is not to say there are not issues but it is to show that Birmingham is a more complex city than we are given credit for and a more progressive city than we are given credit for .
`` These issues are things that people in Birmingham have been grappling with every day for decades . Actually broadly speaking as someone said to me the other day 'we rub along alright , it 's the Birmingham way , we rub along fine ' .
`` I am really keen that that is the message that gets out there about Birmingham . ''
Earlier in the meeting Cllr Chatfield stressed the importance of having 'continuing conversations ' about cohesion because of the ever-changing nature of social issues stating that either an online or physical forum would be set up as well as an annual summit on the topic .
He added : `` We really have to keep on top of these issues otherwise we will get caught out .
`` We have seen what happens when we get caught out , Birmingham becomes the bad headline .
`` We need to build up capacity and resilience in the city to make sure that when the tides of national issues , whether it is things like Brexit or terrorism , we are prepared as a city and can speak as one voice . ''
The consultation will launch on July 9 and run until August 20 . The council will adopt a range of mediums for gathering views including social media , written submissions and focused localised events .
An updated strategy , taking into account the feedback , is due to be tabled before cabinet bosses in October while the first Annual Birmingham Community Cohesion Summit has been pencilled in for November .
Cllr Roger Harmer ( Lib Dems , Acocks Green ) , on the committee , stated that there needed to be a 'proactive effort ' to obtain the views of people typically harder to reach including secondary school children , the elderly as well as the eastern European community including Polish , Romanian and Bulgarian nationals .
He said : `` It is difficult for a consultation to be truly representative . The reason for that is that the people who are active and come to the ward forums are not necessarily typical of the population as a whole . ''
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
John Terry has left Aston Villa , the club have confirmed .
As reported earlier this week , Terry said goodbye to some of his claret and blue team-mates after the play-off final defeat to Fulham at Wembley .
The 37-year-old jetted off on his holidays knowing that he would not be staying at the club and will now seek a new challenge next year .
On leaving he said :
“ Today I part ways with Aston Villa Football Club .
“ I 'm very proud to have had the opportunity to play and captain this great and huge club .
“ I have given my everything this year both on and off the pitch and I 'm still hurting today that we never managed to get back to the Premier League , where this club 100 % belongs .
“ I would like to thank Steve Bruce who was instrumental in me joining Villa .
“ I have learnt so much from him as a manger this season that will stay with me forever .
“ Also , I 'd like to thank all the staff and players and our owner Dr Tony , who it was a real pleasure and honour to work with everyday .
“ Finally , a special thank you to the Villa supporters who have supported us both home and away in their thousands , up and down the country and have been amazing to me on a personal level .
“ Villa will always have a place in my heart and I will look back on my time here and think about how close we were to reaching our goal .
“ But now going forward , I would like to wish the management , staff , players and supporters good luck for the future . @ avfcofficial . ”
In a statement this evening , the club thanked last season 's skipper for his efforts after his one-year deal expired :
`` We would like to place on record our most sincere thanks for the effort and professionalism he showed with us last season .
`` John is a true leader and was everything and more that we hoped . Hugely popular and influential in the dressing room , he played a real captain 's role in creating the incredible bond the players shared with our supporters , and vice-versa .
`` We hope he looks back on his time with Villa fondly and we wish him the very best as his career moves forward . ''
Xia statement
Aston Viilla chairman Tony Xia has admitted that Aston Villa need to make widespread changes after failing to win promotion back to the Premier League .
The owner issued a statement this evening to explain that there will be a different approach next season as Villa embark on a third season in the Championship .
This is what he said in full :
`` I know that all the Villa fans experienced a very frustrating and disappointing Play-Off Final last Saturday .
`` After seeing many Villa supporters on Twitter hoping that I can publish a statement as soon as possible , I feel like it would be best for me to write the following words when I am relatively calm .
`` I care as much about this club as anyone .
`` Even though I am back in Beijing , I still ca n't recover from our game at Wembley .
`` The emotion needs time to heal .
`` However , I know that all our management staff , coaches , players and myself need to get back on our feet and prepare to fight again .
`` Like everyone else , I 'm delighted to see that under Steve 's management this season , we demonstrated character and unity .
`` We fought like a team .
`` Indeed , the loss is a pity , but we know how much effort and hard work our coaching staff and players put in this season .
`` I want to thank Steve from the bottom of my heart , particularly for his remarkable level of professional focus despite losing his parents this year .
`` With that , I would like to say thank you to Steve and his coaching staff once again for leading the team forward wholeheartedly throughout the season .
`` We are all aware that we will face severe FFP challenges next season .
`` I am an Aston Villa fan . But I am also a businessman . Under the current circumstances , I think the club needs to rethink not only the past two years but also the past ten years .
`` Villa needs to be a sustainable football club . People join . People leave .
`` That is the cycle of football .
`` But the football club always remains through it all .
`` This is the ultimate reality that can not be changed , but I can assure you that everyone behind the scenes is working tirelessly towards achieving our ultimate goal .
`` We have been heavily investing for the past two seasons .
`` However , the loss on Saturday means that we need to change a lot of things .
`` No one wanted to see the club have to go through this , but I believe that only changes can help the club to progress towards the positive direction and this requires the joint efforts of everyone associated with this great football club .
`` No matter what the changes will be , I sincerely hope that everyone can unite and overcome the challenges together .
`` Our goal has not changed and as long as we believe , regardless of how tough the process will be , I am sure we will succeed in the end .
`` Thank you very much once again for all your support .
Chairman Dr Tony Xia ``
Black hole
Aston Villa will need to find around £40m-£45m from player sales and wage cuts to fall in line with Financial Fair Play , Birmingham Live understands .
A football finance expert has explained how Villa 's failure to win promotion back to the Premier League this term has left them seriously counting the cost this summer .
The claret and blues may have to sell prized asset Jack Grealish to cover costs and there 's no chance of turning any of the loan signings into permanent deals .
`` The FFP black hole is between £40m and £45m , '' a source told us .
Aston Villa player suspended for making 'obscene gestures ' on the pitch
`` Villa have gambled with expensive players on big wages but there will need to be a reality check this summer . ''
Boss Steve Bruce admitted that cuts will need to be made .
When asked if players would be sold , Bruce replied :
`` Yes .
`` This season has been difficult , financially .
“ We understand , or I have understood , about Financial Fair Play .
`` But the discussions will need to be held above me to say what we have or have n't got . ''
The powers-that-be are in the process of holding those talks .
Saturday 's defeat against Fulham in the play-off final is still very raw but the club are starting to moving forward .
These things take time , of course , and more will be revealed in the times ahead as Villa come to terms with another season in the Championship .
Elsewhere , a report was also published today by Swiss Ramble - a business & football blog- which highlighted some of the problems Villa are facing up to .
Meanwhile another expert says Aston Villa 's predicament is ‘ really severe ' and has predicted sales this summer .
Villa were resigned to a third successive season of Championship football with defeat at Wembley .
Bruce 's expensively-assembled squad is now expected to be broken up this summer as the club desperately attempt to stay within Financial Fair Play restrictions .
The club 's most valuable asset , Grealish , is already being linked with a host of Premier League sides with Villa likely to sell at least one of their top players .
Kieran Maguire , a lecturer in football finance at the University of Liverpool , discussed Villa 's problems at length with the BBC .
Cash cuts
“ It 's really severe for Villa because this is the second year they 've had parachute payments . They got around £35million from the Premier League to cushion the blow of relegation .
“ Those payments get cut back severely next year so they 're going to have £20million less coming in . I think the problem for Villa is that the owner has gambled in the last couple of years on recruiting players on big wages .
Aston Villa shunned by midfielder as promotion failure sees club 'lose some appeal ' - reports
Colossal wage bill
“ The average wage at Villa is nearly £30,000 a week and it 's simply not sustainable in the Championship .
“ It 's going to be a very big summer . They 're going to have to sell the crown jewels , I suspect . The problem that they 're going to have is that other clubs know they 're in a financial pickle and they 'll be trying to get them on the cheap .
“ If you take a look at their first season in the Championship , they were losing around £800,000 a week , and that was on parachute payments of around £40million .
“ Next season it 's down to around about £15million so there 's got to be severe cutbacks . I 'd be very surprised if John Terry stays because he would have been on a decent wage .
“ Scott Hogan has been disappointing and I 've seen his contract , and that 's eye-watering . Ross McCormack has been a disaster since day one .
“ The problem is that no other clubs will go near these players . They might manage to get them out on loan and Villa will probably still have to pay 80 per cent of the wages just to get them away from the club .
Aston Villa transfer 'compulsory ' regardless of division - says club chief
Decision time
`` Then you have the owner , who 's based in China – he 's going to have to work out whether he continues to bankroll the club to the same extent .
“ There are a lot of alarm bells going round and that 's when the vultures start to crowd and pick off things on the cheap , and that will be the big shame for Villa because they do have some good players .
“ If they want to play in the Premier League then fair play to them , but I think it 's whether or not they 'll be able to get a fair price for them which will be the big worry for Villa fans . ”
Assessing the summer
Aston Villa 's worst nightmare has become a reality and testing times lie ahead .
The books were balanced , to an extent , last summer by manager Steve Bruce as several players departed to boost the coffers .
Ex-England and Chelsea captain John Terry , Glenn Whelan , Ahmed Elmohamady and Chris Samba were all handed lucrative contracts with the funds raised and Bruce utilised his contacts book to snap up three players on loan .
With five players out of contract , five loanees to return to their parent clubs , six players set to return from loan spells away and lots more to be decided , this is the most important summer transfer window in Aston Villa 's 144-year history .
Dr Tony Xia cut a glum figure as Sky Sports ' cameras zoned in on him during the latter stages of Villa 's play-off final defeat to Fulham .
It has n't panned out the way the Chinese businessman planned after buying out Randy Lerner two years ago .
Xia and his trusted Villa Park colleagues face some big decisions this summer .
Who leads Villa ?
The first big decision Xia , chief executive Keith Wyness and director of football Steve Round have to make centres around manager Steve Bruce .
By his own admission Bruce has failed to achieve what was asked of him this term .
The manager has previously hinted that he ‘ wo n't be here next year ' if promotion was n't achieved .
Meanwhile , during a meeting with Villa supporters ' groups , neither Wyness nor Round committed to keeping Bruce on as manager in the event of Wembley failure .
With four Championship promotions on his CV and an enviable queue of Premier League managers willing to do him favours , Bruce has all the skills Villa require .
“ I will roll my sleeves up and get stuck into it again next season as long as the people above me see that I 'm fit to do it , ” Bruce said of his future in the immediate aftermath of Villa 's Wembley woe . “ I will carry on .
“ I 've been doing it for a long time and I 'm in charge of a great club with a big history and tradition . ”
With Bruce apparently intent on giving promotion another crack , the ball is firmly in the Villa hierarchy 's court .
BOHOL TOURIST ATTRACTIONS , ITINERARY , BUDGET
Presented below are several activities which you can do for 5 days stay in Bohol Island :
Day 1 Bohol Countryside Tour
Day 2 Bohol Island Hopping
Day 3 Panglao Island Tour
Day 4 Danao Adventure
Day 5 Anda Beach Adventure
Of course , your trip and the adventure you will pick would depend as to how many days you will be staying on the Island .
BOHOL COUNTRYSIDE TOUR ( 1 DAY )
This itinerary will cover for a day visiting historical landmarks of Bohol as follows :
Blood Compact Site
Baclayon Church
Bohol Outdoor Adventure Park
Tarsier Sanctuary
Loboc River Cruise
Bilar Man-made
Hanging Bridge
Batuan Shiphaus
Chocolate Hills
Python , Forest Butterfly Conservation Center – Honestly , I skipped these two during my visit because I do n't find it really spectacular . Rather , I spent more of my time in some other attractions . However , if you really wanted to see these , they are just along the way as you head towards the chocolate hills .
LOBOC CHURCH
The Loboc Church in Bohol suffered much during the 2013 earthquake . While still unrepaired as of this moment , it would also be interesting to pay a visit to this monumental church in Bohol .
BACLAYON CHURCH
Baclayon Church is the oldest church in Bohol . The church building which suffered from the 2013 earthquake was constructed in 1727 . It has a museum housing amazing collection of religious artifacts and treasures .
LOBOC AND BILAR MAN-MADE FOREST
The Loboc and Bilar Man-made forest is a 2-kilometer stretch of hardwood trees planted on the border of Loboc and Bilar Towns . Because of the uniformity of trees growing in the area , tourists ca n't help but notice such an amazing kaleidoscope of foliage lining the route .
BOHOL CHOCOLATE HILLS
Bohol Island will never be Bohol without the Chocolate Hills . Composed of an approximately 1,700+ hills which turned brown during summer . These hills are very iconic of the Bohol Island .
BOHOL TARSIER SANCTUARY
While in Bohol , do n't forget to pay a visit to one of the province 's icons , the Tarsiers . These little creatures just measure 5- 6 inches and considered as world 's smallest primates .
BOHOL OUTDOOR ADVENTURE PARK
Another tourist spot in Bohol is the Chocolate Adventure Park which offers various outdoor activities such as canopy walk , zip line , hiking trail , pipe dreams , zip bike , monkey bridge , and 275-meter zip line using a mountain bike to cross from one chocolate hill to another .
CRUISE LOBOC RIVER
While in Bohol , try to experience the Loboc River Cruising . While riding the floating restaurant carried by 2 banka-hauls , music is played while you enjoyed your buffet meal .
HANGING BRIDGE
Bohol created 2 bamboo bridges at Sipatan River connecting two Barangays in Sevilla , Bohol . The Hanging bamboo Bridges measure 20 to 25 meters high above and span 40 meters long . While crossing , the bridges sway giving you a different kind of thrill .
BLOOD COMPACT SITE
Even for a few minutes , do drop by at the Blood Compact Site in Bohol located in Barangay Bool , Tagbilaran City . The Bohol Blood Compact Site was made in remembrance of the historic event in the Philippine history done between Spain 's Miguel Lopez de Legazpi and Bohol 's Rajah Sikatuna .
National Artist Napoleon Abueva created the sculpture depicting the Sikatuna-Legaspi blood compact which is considered as the First Treaty of Friendship between Spain and the Philippines . This historical event is now celebrated in Bohol through its “ Sandugo Festival ” .
BUDGET/RATES
I did not get any tour package during my trip and I was traveling alone . For backpackers traveling alone , you can simply rent a hab-habal which definitely cost much lower . However , at that time I was not perfectly well so I rented a car to bring me around . Here are the rates of car rentals in the Island . The rates might have increased , but for sure it will not be really that significant .
Van php 2,500
Car php 2,000
Bus php 9,000
Coaster php 6,000
Loboc Cruise/Buffet Lunch – P450/head
An investor group has agreed to buy Maryland Financial Bank in Towson , Md .
MFB Acquisition said in a press release Friday that it will pay an undisclosed amount of cash for the $ 64 million-asset correspondent bank . The deal is expected to close in the second or third quarter .
Maryland Financial will keep its name , though MFB Acquisition said it will expand the bank 's products and services . The companies said in the release that the sale should expand Maryland Financial 's capital , lending limit , capacity for loan participations and the staff quality .
Marcelo Sacomori , a managing director at global payments firm MSBB Money in London , and F. Eduardo Parreira , managing director at consulting firm Accelera , are the principals behind MFB Acquisition .
Bob Chafey , Maryland Financial 's president and CEO , and Rick Hook , the bank 's chairman , said in the release that they have known Sacomori and Parreira for “ many years ” and have “ always been intrigued about the possibility of combining our domestic capabilities with international expertise . ”
Maryland Financial has “ the business model of a bankers ' bank , which fits perfectly with our goals to work in the community banking sector and to quickly pursue our agenda of being a premier international correspondent banking organization , ” Sacomori said .
All of Maryland Financial 's directors will keep their posts , while Sacomori and Parreira will join the board . Maryland Financial 's directors have agreed to back the sale , and the holder of bank 's preferred stock has agreed to sell those shares .
Baker , Donelson , Bearman , Caldwell & Berkowitz provided legal counsel to MFB Acquisition , while Opencap Global and Kafafian Group provided certain financial advice . Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton acted as legal counsel to Maryland Financial ; Olsen Palmer was the financial adviser .
SOUTH MIAMI-DADE , FLA. ( WSVN ) - Police are investigating after , they said , a dead body was found on the side of the road in South Miami-Dade , Saturday afternoon .
According to Miami-Dade Police , the cadaver was discovered by the South Dade Landfill , along the the 9200 block of Southwest 248th Street , just before 3 p.m .
Police remained at the scene for hours while they investigated .
Officials have not provided further details .
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story .
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
LONDON ( AP ) — Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round .
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as he continues his quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club . Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as she goes for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant .
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year 's men 's runner-up , Marin Cilic , are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament . Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round , while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday .
The forecast calls for more sunny skies , although there is a 30 percent chance of rain showers in the afternoon .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
To play or not to play was the theme of the week for both college football and the NFL . Leonard Fournette and Christian McCaffrey ignited debate when they decided to skip their college bowl games to prepare for the draft . Meanwhile the Cowboys and Steelers rested their stars in meaningless games as other teams played their starters .
Medically speaking , it is certainly smart to sit as it is the only way to avoid injury . McCaffrey 's teammate , Stanford QB Keller Chryst appeared to tear his ACL . Michigan 's high draft prospect TE Jake Butt tore his ACL which will affect his draft stock as there is no guarantee he will be ready for the start of the next season .
The key is what do the 32 NFL general managers think of the decision to miss bowl games . The natural question is : are they “ me ” guys more than “ team ” guys ?
Sometimes the decision to miss the bowl game is clearly smart . Michigan 's Jabril Peppers was better off not playing for risk of making his hamstring injury worse and effecting his Combine as well as potentially being downgraded for not playing up to par .
On the other hand , not playing sometimes hurts . Florida State 's Dalvin Cook had a spectacular bowl game performance , which may have catapulted him to the top of the RB draft board . Meanwhile , Fournette could not respond to reclaim his top status as he had elected to sit .
NFL decisions to sit are made by the team not the individual player like in college . Weighing the potential of injury versus momentum/continuity is the playoff team 's dilemma . The Raiders clearly needed Matt McGloin to play to get more snaps but unfortunately he was injured .
If the argument is to always sit for meaningless games then the majority of the NFL would not play as most Week 17 contests had no postseason implications . In retrospect , the Cardinals probably wish they had sat David Johnson ( details below ) .
There is precedent for NFL players to choose to skip meaningless “ bowl ” games . It is common for professionals to pull the injury card to skip out of the Pro Bowl . Tyler Eifert injured his ankle during the all-star game last year and needed surgery . He now says even if selected , he is never going back .
The bottom line is many things factor into a “ play or sit ” decision for the individual and teams . I certainly ca n't argue with a player 's right to decide or a team 's necessity to strategize .
MMMD 1 : Another QB concussion controversy ?
Questions arose after Tom Savage was returned to play and then pulled due to concussion . It certainly looks fishy when the Texans QB is cleared and the head coach says at halftime he will play but he is re-evaluated and pulled from the game .
In reality , it is common to be fine and develop later concussion symptoms . It is routine for doctors to perform serial exams . Likely Savage had a routine re-check at halftime and doctors decided to pull him .
This is another reason that I have lobbied for more transparency . Why not let the doctors speak or at least issue a statement ? Even referees are interviewed by a reporter post game . Understanding what happened would help clarify these situations and help dispel the distrust the public and media have for the NFL when it comes to concussions .
MMMD 2 : Playoff QB injuries
With Savage in the concussion protocol , Brock Osweiler will be the likely Texans starter for the Wild Card round . The majority of head injuries are not cleared in one week . This will be a short week with the game on Saturday . Even if Savage was cleared late in the week , he would still miss practice snaps important for a first time starter .
Matt McGloin left the Raiders game with an apparent left AC joint sprain and later reports of trap muscle issues . It appeared that McGloin was not happy he was replaced and he was in uniform on the sidelines for the second half . It will be interesting to see if Connor Cook gets the playoff start and how much of this is coaching decision versus purely injury .
Matthew Stafford 's injury appears to be a mallet finger . I have suspected this by the type of splint but media had only reported dislocation with torn ligaments . A mallet finger is a tear to the extensor tendon at the tip of the finger and requires full-time immobilization in extension for six weeks or there is risk for surgery . Stafford can play through without long-term implications but a mallet finger injury is significantly harder to deal with than a finger dislocation as it affects his grip since he is not allowed to bend the tip of his middle finger . This could explain his declined performance post injury .
David Carr reports that brother Derek 's ankle ligament was not torn and the fracture was already healing . That may be a lay person 's interpretation but no way a bone starts to heal in three days . Also when your knee points “ north ” and your toes point “ east ” , the syndesmotic ligament is torn even before the fracture happens . Derek Carr will be back at 100 % , but no way it will be in time for a potential Super Bowl appearance .
Ryan Tannenhill seems to be getting closer to playing but I think it will be beating the odds for him to be the Dolphins Wild Card round starting QB . Even if it is just a grade 2 MCL , it is a stretch to go from a cast and a crutch to playing NFL football in three weeks .
Aaron Rodgers seems to have put any worries about his calf strain and hamstring injury behind him . He moved and ran well during the Packers win to seize the NFC North crown .
Tony Romo played in a real game for the first time in over a year . He is completely healed and at no further risk for injury . What a luxury for the Cowboys to have an experienced back up like Romo .
MMMD 3 : David Johnson escapes horrific injury
By video , many feared the worst for the Cardinals star RB . Fortunately , it seems to be the best-case scenario for Johnson with only a significant MCL injury with his ACL spared . He is unlikely to need surgery and should be healthy for the offseason program .
MMMD 4 : Jets medical staff blamed
Muhammad Wilkerson appeared to criticize his team 's training staff for not having a plan as he returned from ankle surgery . He did acknowledge his responsibility in the process as well .
There is no question that hindsight is 20/20 and that medical staffs can look back and wish they had approached an injury differently . However , it is unusual to call out a teammate and indeed the athletic trainers are looked upon as teammates .
Undoubtedly the medical staff was consulted before Wilkerson was offered an $ 86 million contract while he was injured this offseason . If anything , he should thank the trainers and doctors for vouching for his ability to recover .
MMMD 5 : Decreased injuries with more touchbacks ?
The rule change to place the ball on the 25-yard line has decreased kick-off returns but has it reduced injuries ? Bill Belichick cited the Broncos Kayvon Webster 's concussion as an example of how the new rule has not worked . Sometimes injuries can happen when covering teams ease up as they see the runner kneeling down , but blockers do n't know the play is over . Full speed versus half speed will result in injury .
I am eager to see the season long statistics on this rule change . The NFL usually releases this type of injury data during the Super Bowl week health and safety press conference ..
MMMD 6 : Non QB Injury rundown
Vic Beasley left shoulder “ popped out ” but he returned to finish the game with a brace . Do n't be surprised if he needs offseason surgery similar to what he had on the right side last year .
Zaire Anderson was placed on a spine board after a head down hit . Fortunately he was released from the hospital .
Donald Penn left the game with a knee injury but returned . He will likely play against the Texans on Saturday .
C.J . Mosely was carted to the locker room but I do not expect a serious left leg injury .
Sammy Watkins injured his hip that he had surgery on in 2015 . The hip does not appear to be severe but he will need to address his 5th metatarsal lingering fracture which may need a second surgery to heal properly .
Quinten Rollins was placed on a spine board for head/neck injury but early reports indicate that he will be OK .
DeMarco Murray played with a plantar plate injury this season to become the leading AFC rusher . This is essentially a turf toe injury . He will avoid surgery unless the plantar plate is retracted .
Ryan Kerrigan exited with left hand/finger injury
Ty Montgomery left the game briefly with and ankle issue but returned to be effective .
Tyrod Taylor has a groin injury and do n't be surprised if he elects to have a sports hernia surgery .
Tyler Eifert had back surgery . It has been a rough year after his ankle surgery from the Pro Bowl injury .
Tyron Smith sat out with a mild MCL from last week where the knee brace may have saved him from more severe injury .
MMMD 7 : ProFootballDoc scorecard
Only a few injuries first takes this week as I was on vacation with the family in the mountains and did not have my usual set up and access to all videos . David Johnson fortunately with only MCL sprain . McGloin has an AC joint sprain and trap spasm . Quinten Rollins neck was OK. Tyron Smith did have a mild MCL .
Last week 's 187-10 ( 94.9 % ) is now 191-10 ( 95.0 % ) .
Texas A & M 's new coach Jimbo Fisher gives a speech during a press conference at Kyle Field in College Station , Texas on Dec. 4 , 2017 . ( Nathan Hunsinger/The Dallas Morning News )
When Texas A & M takes the field on Tuesday for its first practice of the spring , a familiar topic will likely dominate the discussion surrounding the preparation for coach Jimbo Fisher 's first season .
During Fisher 's extended interview with local media earlier in March , the former Florida State coach said the starting quarterback job was up for grabs . One of his subsequent comments shed insight into what he prioritizes out of the position .
`` Quarterbacking comes down to two things : decision making and accuracy , '' Fisher said .
If that 's the case , there 's no reason to believe redshirt freshman Nick Starkel should be the favorite over true freshman Kellen Mond and Connor Blumrick , who will be a redshirt freshman in 2018 .
Last season Starkel completed 60 percent of his passes after he missed six games while recovering from an ankle injury he suffered in the season opener against UCLA . In the Belk Bowl , Starkel threw for 499 yards and four touchdowns in a loss to Wake Forest .
Mond started eight games in Starkel 's absence and briefly held on to the job after the former Argyle Liberty Christian standout was cleared to play . While Mond is the more viable running threat , he only completed 51.4 percent of his passes .
And Fisher made it very clear that he needs a quarterback who can do more than run .
`` I do n't care how much wiggle you got , because a lot of times , when you 're a runner and they run a lot , that 's a great excuse for not knowing what the heck is going on and they use it as a cover-up , '' Fisher said .
The perception of an open competition that allows Mond and Blumrick to compete for the job is valuable if it keeps both quarterbacks on campus . In an era where players at that position often transfer in search of playing time , 2017 illustrated why Aggies need depth at the position . When Starkel went out , Mond stepped in and helped A & M to a 5-3 record as a starter .
Even if Fisher does n't plan on not establishing a clear starter until right before the season opener on Aug. 30 against Northwestern State , there 's always a possibility that a potential A & M back-up will leave after the spring .
If Mond , Blumrick or Starkel transfers , all of them could each still play two years at the Football Bowl Subdivision level .
This is what makes the quarterback situation so tricky for Fisher in the first year , and could be the explanation why things are apparently wide open heading into the spring .
Report Links Hacking Campaign to Lebanese Spy Agency
A major hacking operation tied to one of the most powerful security and intelligence agencies in Lebanon has been exposed after careless spies left hundreds of gigabytes of intercepted data exposed to the open internet , according to a report published Thursday .
Mobile security firm Lookout , Inc. and the Electronic Frontier Foundation , a digital rights group , said the haul , which includes nearly half a million intercepted text messages , had simply been left online by hackers linked to Lebanon 's General Directorate of General Security .
`` It 's almost like thieves robbed the bank and forgot to lock the door where they stashed the money , '' said Mike Murray , Lookout 's head of intelligence . Lookout security researcher Michael Flossman said the trove ran the gamut , from Syrian battlefield photos to private phone conversations , passwords and pictures of children 's birthday parties .
`` It was everything . Literally everything , '' Flossman said .
Discoveries of state-sponsored cyberespionage campaigns have become commonplace as countries in the Middle East and Asia scramble to match the digital prowess of the United States , China , Russia and other major powers . But Lookout and EFF 's report is unusual for the amount of data uncovered about the spying campaign 's victims and its operators .
Notably , their report drew on data generated by suspected test devices -- a set of similarly configured phones that appear to have been used to try out the spy software -- to potentially pinpoint the hackers ' exact address .
The report said the suspected test devices all seemed to have connected to a WiFi network active at the intersection of Beirut 's Pierre Gemayel and Damascus Streets , the location of the bulky , sandstone-colored high-rise that houses Lebanon 's General Directorate of General Security .
The Associated Press was able to at least partially verify that finding , sending a reporter to the area around the heavily guarded , antennae-crowned building Wednesday to confirm that the same WiFi network was still broadcasting there . Other data also points to the intelligence agency : the report said the internet protocol addresses of the spyware 's control panels mapped to an area just south of the GDGS building .
Electronic Frontier Foundation Director of Cybersecurity Eva Galperin said the find was remarkable , explaining that she could think of only one other example where researchers were able to pin state-backed hackers to a specific building .
`` We were able to take advantage of extraordinarily poor operational security , '' she said .
The GDGS did not immediately comment on the report .
The 49-page document lays out how spies used a network of bogus websites and malicious smartphone apps -- such as WhatsApp , Telegram , Threema and Signal -- to steal passwords or pry into communications , eavesdropping on conversations and capturing at least 486,000 text messages .
Some victims were tricked into visiting the websites or downloading the rogue apps by booby trapped messages sent over WhatsApp , the report said . Others may have had malicious programs installed physically when they were away from their phones . Still more may have been lured into compromising their devices by a set of apparently fake Facebook profiles set up to look like attractive young Lebanese women .
EFF and Lookout said the spying stretched over 21 different countries , including the United States and several European nations , but they declined to identify any of the victims except in general terms , saying that there were thousands of them and that in many cases it was n't always obvious who they were .
Murray said relevant authorities had been notified of the spying but declined to go into further detail .
Lebanon has historically been a hub for espionage and Lebanese spies have a documented interest in surveillance software . In 2015 , for example , the internet watchdog group Citizen Lab published evidence that GDGS had tapped FinFisher , a spyware merchant whose tools have been used to hack into the computers of several African and Middle Eastern dissidents .
The hacking campaign exposed Thursday by EFF and Lookout -- which they dub `` Dark Caracal '' -- was discovered in the wake of an entirely different cyberespionage campaign targeting Kazakh journalists and lawyers .
An EFF report on the Kazakh campaign published in 2016 caught the attention of researchers at Lookout , who swept through the company 's vast store of smartphone data to find a sample of the smartphone surveillance software mentioned in the write-up . It was while pulling on that string that investigators stumbled across the open server full of photos , conversations and intercepted text messages -- as well as the link to Lebanon .
Galperin and Murray both said researchers were marshalling more evidence and that more revelations were coming .
`` Stay tuned , '' Murray said
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : iStock/Artist 's concept .
Best Fish Sandwiches In MinnesotaA breaded , deep fried rectangular patty made from white meat fish such as cod or pollock , the fish sandwich , or fishwich , came into its own as a burger when introduced at McDonald 's in 1962 . Since then , the fish sandwich has become a lunch and dinner favorite . If you favor the local catch , try a walleye fish sandwich .
SHANNON Airport has reported strong half year figures , with an increase in passenger numbers translating to its “ busiest first half of the year in a decade ” .
The airport said half-year figures for 2018 have revealed a 6.6 % increase in passenger numbers .
The six month figure suggests that 2018 will be Shannon 's best year as an independent entity outside of 2014 when double digit growth was achieved .
The airport said it was on course by year end to have grown passenger numbers by almost 30 % from what they were prior to separation from the State airports ' group .
It is pointing to additional and improved services as the reason for the increase in passenger numbers so far this year , including a new Toronto flight launched early last month with Air Canada and new services to Barcelona-Reus , Bristol and Liverpool with Ryanair , while the airline also increased Manchester frequencies , while there are reasons for opitmism on its transatlantic services .
“ We 're delighted with the year so far , ” said Shannon Airport managing director Andrew Murphy .
“ We 're reaping the dividend from the hard work of last year in securing these new services and it 's great to see the airport as busy as it is . This is our busiest first half of the year in a decade .
“ If anything , the year so far reaffirms the opportunity that there is for growth at Shannon and we see that opportunity opening up even more now with the completion of the motorway right up to Tuam and , in the longer term , we have the M20 being developed to Cork . Our target now is to make sure that the public are aware of these services and use them , ” he added .
Shannon Group CEO Matthew Thomas said it was “ going to be a really positive year for Shannon ” .
“ The team at the airport has worked really hard and this validates the confidence we have in our capacity to grow services and passenger numbers and , in doing so , deliver real gains to the region , ” he said .
“ Our recently published Economic Impact Assessment for the wider group shows we have the potential to stimulate another 7,150 jobs and €577 million in economic impact for the Irish economy by 2021 but central to this is growth of passenger numbers . The more we grow , the better it is for the region . ”
Meanwhile , the airport announced this week that it was to become a low carbon green campus .
It plans to slash its energy consumption by one-third by 2020 and deliver significant savings in partnership with ESB 's Smart Energy Services .
The partnership will also see the replacement of an entire suite of older indoor and outdoor lighting with ultra-modern LEDs and explore how to make greater use of renewable energy such as solar PV panels .
Gregg Bell joined The News Tribune in July 2014 . Bell had been the director of writing for the University of Washington 's athletic department for four years . He was the senior national sports writer in Seattle for The Associated Press from 2005-10 , covering the Seahawks in their first Super Bowl season and beyond . He 's also been The Sacramento Bee 's beat writer on the Oakland Athletics and Raiders . The native of Steubenville , Ohio , is a 1993 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , N.Y. , and a 2000 graduate of the University of California , Berkeley 's Graduate School of Journalism .
MILPITAS , CA -- ( Marketwired - Feb 15 , 2017 ) - FireEye , Inc. ( NASDAQ : FEYE ) , the intelligence-led security company , today announced participation in the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet conference in San Francisco .
The presentation is scheduled for 9:40 AM PST Wednesday , February 15 , 2017 and will be webcast . Links to the live and archived webcasts will be available from the investor relations section of the company 's website at http : //investors.fireeye.com/events.cfm .
About FireEye , Inc .
FireEye is the intelligence-led security company . Working as a seamless , scalable extension of customer security operations , FireEye offers a single platform that blends innovative security technologies , nation-state grade threat intelligence , and world-renowned Mandiant® consulting . With this approach , FireEye eliminates the complexity and burden of cybersecurity for organizations struggling to prepare for , prevent , and respond to cyberattacks . FireEye has over 5,600 customers across 67 countries , including more than 40 percent of the Forbes Global 2000 .
© 2017 FireEye , Inc. All rights reserved . FireEye and Mandiant are registered trademarks or trademarks of FireEye , Inc. in the United States and other countries . All other brands , products , or service names are or may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners .
Ross Marowits , The Canadian Press
MONTREAL -- A four-year tentative agreement has been reached between Canadian Pacific Railway and the Teamsters Canada Rail Conference to end a strike hours after it began .
The parties also reached a five-year deal for the Kootenay Valley Railway .
Full operations at both railways will resume Thursday morning across Canada , the union said in a news release .
`` We believe this is a fair contract that our members can feel good about ratifying , '' stated union president Doug Finnson .
`` I am personally very satisfied with what we have negotiated . ''
The agreement is positive for 12,000 CP Rail employees , customers and the entire Canadian economy , railway CEO Keith Creel added in a separate news release .
`` It is especially meaningful to achieve a four-year tentative agreement with our valued locomotive engineers and conductors , providing long-term stability for all parties involved , '' he said in a statement .
`` This is a significant step toward a renewed positive relationship growing forward together serving our customers and the Canadian economy . ''
The tentative agreements must be ratified by Teamsters members over the coming months .
Details of the agreement are being withheld pending ratification .
Immigration reform now seems certain to pass the Senate within days , in an amended bill that could win as many as 70 votes from both parties . The results will improve life for millions of undocumented workers and their families — but the costs will not be negligible , including a “ surge ” that will rapidly double the size of the U.S. Border Patrol to 40,000 agents , along with much more fencing and surveillance technology .
Those expensive “ security enhancements ” were included to satisfy or silence Republican complaints about the supposedly porous border , although that theme seemed to be more an excuse to oppose reform than a true issue . In fact , illegal border crossings have declined precipitously over the past few years while deportations have increased , and the number of arrests by the average Border Patrol agent has dropped from as many as 100 to only 19 annually .
So why do we need thousands of additional agents at the border ? Evidently the manpower increase — along with the fencing and the high-tech surveillance gadgets that have never worked — is necessary so that legislators can proclaim their own toughness . But the consequences of swiftly bringing on such a huge influx of inexperienced personnel could prove deadly .
Over the past few years , Border Patrol agents have killed several innocent civilians in several incidents that suggest overzealousness and inadequate training . A federal grand jury is examining the terrible case of a Mexican man apparently murdered , as witnesses watched , by agents who beat him and shocked him repeatedly with Tasers while his hands were bound . The San Diego Coroner 's Office classified his death as a homicide . At least eight others , only one with any connection to criminality , were killed in cross-border shootings that have understandably outraged the government and people of Mexico .
Journalist and filmmaker John Carlos Frey first exposed these lethal incidents — and the troubling disorder in the Border Patrol — with a series of prize-winning broadcasts and articles over the past year .
In one such case , which Frey examined in the May issue of The Washington Monthly , Border Patrol agents responded to rocks thrown across the border with a volley of gunfire into the streets of Nogales , Mexico . Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez , an unarmed young man strolling through the neighborhood , was hit twice in the back of the head and six times in the back . He fell and died on the spot .
In another case , Border Patrol agents killed a father of four while he was collecting firewood along the banks of the Rio Grande River . They also shot a 36-year-old man while he held a picnic to celebrate his daughter 's birthday , and a 15-year-old boy who was watching a Border Patrol agent apprehend a migrant .
These cross-border shootings and other instances of apparent brutality have failed to attract much international attention so far , according to Frey . But his own investigations have disclosed a portrait of “ an agency operating with thousands of poorly trained rookies and failing to provide the kind of transparency , accountability and clear rules of engagement that Americans routinely expect of law enforcement agencies . ”
As Frey notes , the Border Patrol not so long ago enjoyed a far better record and reputation . The rise in unjustified police violence along the Mexican border has coincided with a sharp increase in the number of agents , stemming from the Bush administration 's panicky reaction to a tide of illegal immigration between 2006 and 2009 .
It is also true , he writes , that Border Patrol agents have a dangerous and difficult job . Since 2007 , at least 20 agents have been killed in the line of duty , either accidentally or in violent encounters with smugglers . At least one was killed by friendly fire in a confrontation with suspected drug runners .
That is why Congress , the Department of Homeland Security and the president must ensure that every agent receives sufficient training to protect the border , themselves and the innocent civilians of the United States and Mexico .
There is no longer an immigration emergency , if there ever was one . So before rushing to bring on 20,000 more agents , U.S. authorities have to establish the rule of law , order and justice within the Border Patrol itself . The alternative involves too much risk , at too much expense , for too little reason .
— Joe Conason is editor-in-chief of NationalMemo.com . Click here to contact him , follow him on Twitter : @ JConason , or click here to read previous columns . The opinions expressed are his own .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Former Derby County manager John Gregory is celebrating winning the Indian Super League title with Chenniayin FC .
The club beat favourites Bengaluru 3-2 in the final on Saturday to become the first English manager to win the title - Chenniayin FC are now two-time winners of the competition .
Gregory joined the Indian club last summer , and also made 125 appearances as a player for the Rams in the Eighties and scored 23 goals .
The 63-year-old was appointed Derby manager in 2002 but was in the job for only 13 months .
( Image : Ross Kinnaird/Getty Images )
He has also managed Aston Villa , Queens Park Rangers , Crawley Town , Israeli clubs Maccabi Ahi Nazareth and FC Ashdod before moving to Kazakhstan where he coached FC Kairat .
After winning the Indian Super League title , Gregory told Sky Sports : “ It 's been an incredible journey for us this season . ''
He added : `` We have come across so many obstacles throughout the season , but we have got huge togetherness .
`` I 've got a great set of players and the experienced players helped the young ones through . We stayed focused right till the end and it 's just unbelievable .
`` If I 'm still the only Englishman to have won it in 20 years ' time I 'll be happy . ''
Rep. Lois Capps , D-Santa Barbara , released a statement Monday marking Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , and Transgender ( LGBT ) Pride Month , which is celebrated in June .
“ Pride Month is an opportunity to celebrate the LGBT community , reflect on its unique diversity and history , and honor LGBT contributions to our nation and culture , ” Capps said . “ It is also an important time to renew our commitment to equality under the law .
“ This is a significant time in history for LGBT Americans . Two marriage equality cases are pending before the Supreme Court , we 've made numerous strides toward equal rights , and national public opinion is shifting to support marriage equality . And yet there is still much more to do .
“ We must push for LGBT Americans to also be included in immigration reform so that families can stay together . We must work to make sure that no American can be legally fired simply for who they are , despite their ability to do the job . Also , we must ensure that our schools are safe for LGBT youth , places where they are protected and supported in order to ensure their well-being and success .
“ I will continue to work with LGBT Americans and their allies to achieve these important rights and protections . It 's the right thing to do . ”
Capps has been a vocal , longtime supporter of equality for LGBT Americans and is an active member of the Congressional LGBT Equality Caucus . In recognition of last year 's LGBT Pride Month , Capps released a celebratory video message . In 2011 , Capps recorded a video message for the “ It Gets Better Project ” to send a message of hope to LGBT youth who have been bullied or harassed .
Capps also supports repealing the Defense of Marriage Act and is an original co-sponsor of the Respect for Marriage Act , which would allow same-sex couples who are married under state law to receive federal benefits , and was a leader in the congressional effort to repeal the military 's do n't ask , do n't tell policy .
— Ashley Schapitl is press secretary for Rep. Lois Capps , D-Santa Barbara .
Still coping with her own longtime ordeal as a slave to a serial rapist , she has dedicated settlement money and her life to helping others
My annual Hero of the Year award usually comes up in December , but this year I ca n't wait . I 've already picked the person who I think has most changed the world of crime and justice during 2011 .
My hero is Jaycee Dugard . She was held as a sex slave until finally rescued , and now instead of being withdrawn or bitter , she has embraced us all with details of her harrowing story and formed a charitable organization to help other families recovering from abduction .
Dugard 's ordeal began when she was 11 years old . Now she 's 30 and finally free of a pair of kidnappers — a convicted sex offender named Phillip Garrido and his accomplice-wife , Nancy . They used a stun gun to pluck little Jaycee off a country road in South Lake Tahoe in June 1991 as she waited for a school bus one morning . She remembers clawing at the ground to try to escape , clutching a pine cone as her last touch with freedom .
You 've likely heard about the torment Dugard endured , including giving birth to two daughters ( the first at age 14 ) fathered by her rapist , and how his wife helped hold Dugard captive for 18 years . An almost unbelievable addendum to the story : During all those years , Garrido 's probation officers never noticed Dugard — and then the two little girls — living in a maze of backyard tents during their regular home visits .
In Dugard 's memoir , A Stolen Life , published this year , she recounts in almost childlike terms how caring for stray animals — and later her two children — helped her keep her humanity and her sanity . She was sadistically used for sex . She was forced to pretend she was her babies ' sister , not their mother , and to use the name Allisa . Not a day went by , Dugard wrote , that she did n't remember her mother , baby sister and her beloved aunt . For 18 years , all Dugard wanted was to go home .
Last year , the state of California reached a $ 20 million settlement with Dugard , admitting that its Corrections Department had “ various lapses ( that contributed to ) Dugard 's continued captivity , ongoing sexual assault and mental and/or physical abuse . ”
Translated : The state messed up — big time — by failing to keep not only Dugard safe but others who might have caught the eye of the pervert Garrido . Within the last category may have been his daughters with Dugard , who were 15 and 11 at the time they were all rescued .
Twenty million dollars is an enormous sum of money with which to start new lives , but of course , money can never get back all the years lost , the loss of Dugard 's innocence and , as she put it in her book , her ability to deal with “ the complications of life. ” Thankfully , she and the girls were freed from their backyard prison — but Jaycee had never learned to make solo decisions , drive a car , make a doctor 's appointment or live on her own . All that money ca n't erase the psychological problems she and her daughters may face in the years ahead .
Earlier this month , Dugard sued the federal government for failing to monitor Garrido even though it had declared him “ a sexual deviant and chronic drug abuser ” in 1976 , when he was on trial for the sexual assault of another young girl .
The feds also learned that Garrido had struck as a sexual predator as early as 1972 , leaving a 14-year-old female victim so traumatized that she refused to testify against him . In 1977 , Garrido was sentenced to a 50-year federal prison term but he was inexplicably out in just 11 years . Two years later , he kidnapped Dugard .
Everyone who should have known was well aware of Garrido 's long and sordid history , yet no federal probation officer ever stepped out into the backyard and asked , “ Hey , what 's back here ? ”
Dugard did n't file the lawsuit because she 's greedy for herself . She 's already dedicated a portion of her book profits and her settlement with the state of California to establish the JAYC Foundation ( Just Ask Yourself to Care ) to help families heal . Their logo , displayed on necklaces available for a small donation , is a tiny pine cone . Dugard says any money she realizes from the suit against the federal government will go directly to the foundation .
“ The pine cone is my reminder that life can always be restarted , ” Dugard said . “ My hope is to provide counseling and housing for families and victims ... during the crucial early days of reconnection . ”
Dugard has done more than survive . She has dedicated what could turn out to be millions of dollars to help others . She 's giving families of the missing hope . She 's put parole boards on notice , nationwide , that they need to find a way to help overworked officers be alert and aware when dealing with the craftiest of criminals — the career sex predator .
And Dugard has done one more thing : By finding enough courage to admit who she was to a curious law enforcement officer ( who never would have recognized the kidnap victim 18 years after the crime ) , she paved the way for her daughters to finally learn who their mother is .
— Diane Dimond is the author of Cirque Du Salahi : Be Careful Who You Trust . Click here for more information . She can be contacted at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
Germany grapples with rise of fake news ahead of general election
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man was taken to hospital and a car smashed up after disorder broke out in an Alum Rock street .
Police said the incident happened after two masked offenders forced their way into a property in Foxton Road , around 5.40pm , on Tuesday .
The thugs reportedly assaulted a 46-year-old man causing injuries to his face . A group of offenders attended in a car and during the incident , the victim 's car windows were also smashed in and a bicycle was stolen .
The offenders dispersed and the police and ambulance service were called .
The victim suffered an injury to his eye as well as pain to his back and chest . An investigation has been launched and police are appealing for anyone with information to come forward .
Meanwhile a video has emerged showing an ambulance parked on Foxton Road with people standing around .
A force spokesman said : “ Police are investigating a disorder in Foxton Road , Alum Rock at around 5.40pm yesterday afternoon ( 29 May ) .
“ It is believed two offenders forced entry into a property , where they assaulted a 46-year-old man , causing injury above his eye .
“ A group of masked offenders also attended the property in a car . During the disorder , the victim 's car windows were smashed and a push bike taken .
“ When police arrived , the disorder had dispersed .
“ No arrests were made and investigations are on-going .
“ The man has been taken to hospital where he is being treated for his injuries . ”
A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesman said : “ We were called at 5.58pm to reports of an assault on Foxton Road . One ambulance and a paramedic officer responded . We treated a man in his 40s for chest and back pain and cuts to the face .
“ He was given pain relief and taken to hospital for further treatment .
Anyone with information should contact police on 101 quoting crime reference number 20BE/119341Y/18 or to remain anonymous call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 .
The Santa Barbara Center for the Performing Arts and the Santa Barbara Symphony have joined forces to bring the Kennedy Center 's premiere production of Lerner and Loewe 's classic ( and very classy ) musical My Fair Lady ( in Concert ) to The Granada Theatre at 3 p.m. Sunday .
The show is directed and choreographed by Marcia Milgrom Dodge , and the unforgettable tunes will be brought to life by the Santa Barbara Symphony , conducted by Kennedy Center music director James Moore .
The cast is a veritable wish list , featuring Jonathan Pryce as the imperious linguist , Professor Henry Higgins ; Laura Michelle Kelly as the ambitious Cockney flower girl , Eliza Doolittle ; Gregory Jbara as Eliza 's crafty , amoral father , Alfred P. Doolittle ; Cloris Leachman as Higgins ' long-suffering mother , Mrs. Higgins ; Michael York as the adorable old India hand , Colonel Pickering ; Florence Lacey as Higgins ' skeptical housekeeper , Mrs. Pearce ; and Max von Essen as the ultimate well-born young nincompoop , Freddy Eynsford-Hill .
The world premiere of My Fair Lady in Concert took place starring this same cast last Ma , for one performance , in the Kennedy Center . Including the intermission , the show runs for two and a half hours , so it is considerably more than an “ original cast ” album performed live ; it is a performance of most of the musical play , sans a good deal of the usual production apparatus .
My Fair Lady , which took Broadway by storm in 1956 , was , of course , based on George Bernard Shaw 's play , Pygmalion , which first took the stage in 1913 . Oddly , considering the centrality of spoken English to the whole dynamic of the play , the first performance , in Vienna , was in German . The play soon opened in England , and became one of Shaw 's enduring hits .
The boast of Professor Higgins that he could teach a flower girl to speak so well he could pass her off as a duchess , is overheard by the flower girl , who shows up on Higgins ' doorstep the next day , ready for her first lesson . The lack of sentimentality , so often a handicap to a drama 's success , survives in the musical . It is one of the things that makes it unique . Shaw was one of the greatest playwrights in the history of the English-language theater , and the strength of My Fair Lady is that Lerner and Loewe did not just use the play as an armature , or basis , for their work , but were so immerse in the spirit of the original that they actually seem to be channeling Shaw in the songs they wrote . Compare the theatrical integrity of My Fair Lady to their next success , Camelot , which has marvelous songs but plays like a high school pageant ( T.H . White 's novel , The Once and Future King , on which Camelot is based , is a great and unique work , but utterly unsuited to dramatic adaptation ) .
And , what a wonder Jonathan Pryce is ! If he were doing a one-actor reading of the play , it would still be worth any sum to see it . How many actors can have so brilliantly taken on the skin of such diverse types as Juan Perón , Henry Higgins and Lytton Strachey , and been showered with critical acclaim in each role ? He is as unique as My Fair Lady itself .
Tickets to My Fair Lady in Concert range from $ 43 to $ 93 and are are available from The Granada Theatre Box Office at 805.899.2222 .
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer . He can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . The opinions expressed are his own .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The nights are getting longer , with darker skies far earlier in the day .
As Birmingham experiences a chill as winter sweeps in , we 're all looking for ways to keep warm .
But many of us , with the festive season approaching , will be trying to make our pennies stretch further as we head deeper into the winter season .
We all need to save money with Christmas coming , but do we do that - while keeping our homes nice and cosy ?
The Mirror reports if you 're struggling to keep up with plummeting temperatures , you may qualify for financial help to ease you though winter - here 's what you need to know .
The Government 's Cold Weather Payments scheme is designed to support struggling households in below-freezing weather - and as temperatures plummet to below zero , it means you may be able to apply for it .
The scheme is offered to people on low incomes who receive a qualifying benefit , such as pension credit or certain employment benefits , when temperatures sink below 0°C in the area they live in .
What is a Cold Weather Payment ?
Cold Weather Payments are paid during extremely cold temperatures .
This is defined by the Met Office as when the average temperature is 0°C or below , for seven days in a row .
On Monday , the Met Office extended its Yellow severe weather warning to large parts of the East of England . It said in some areas , temperatures could plummet to a `` perishingly cold '' -10°C overnight . That 's on top of 12 inches of snow in Scotland .
Even in London , where temperatures tend to be slightly milder , its currently hovering between -3°C and 3°C .
While the weather is set to rise over the course of the week , if you 've been in 'freezing ' weather for seven days or more so far - you could claim some financial help .
How much is a Cold Weather Payment ?
This is a £25 a week payment for every seven-day spell of cold weather you experience . This only applies between 1 November and 31 March each year .
Am I eligible for the Cold Weather Payment ?
The average temperature in your area needs to have been 0˚C or less for seven consecutive days . You can check your area 's temperature by using the DWP 's cold weather payment postcode checker .
You also need to be receiving certain benefits , such as one of the following ( read more on whether you qualify for benefits , here ) :
Pension Credit
Income Support
Income-based Jobseeker 's Allowance
Income-based Employment and Support Allowance
Universal Credit
How can I claim a Cold Weather Payment ?
If you 're eligible for a Cold Weather Payment , you 'll be paid automatically after each 7 day period of cold weather . You should receive your payment within 14 working days .
Contact your pension centre or Jobcentre Plus office if you think you should have received a Cold Weather Payment but did n't .
Question of the Week Number 1 : May 31 , 2018
“ Neil , what is eating these circular holes in the flowers of my bougainvillea ? What can I use to stop it ? ”
This is the work of the leaf-cutter bee . The adult female bee visits roses , bougainvilleas and other plants that are attractive to her , cutting nearly perfect circles out of the edges of the floral bracts and leaves . Sometimes you will see remnants of the leaf tissue where she has n't completed the job and where the area within the circle has dried and browned .
Continued Below
Advertisement
Once she has a piece of plant tissue cut loose , the bee flies away , carrying it to a faucet or downspout and builds her nest from the parts . I 've had the experience of turning on a faucet to fill a bucket of water only to have a wad of this dried debris blow into the bucket on the first wave of water .
There is n't much way to spray for this insect . She is n't present more than a few minutes , so you 'd have to have perfect timing to be able to catch her . And she does n't consume any of the plant tissue , so stomach poisons wo n't bother her .
The good news , however , is that this damage is essentially cosmetic . The plant keeps on growing as if nothing had happened . The whole affair runs its course fairly quickly and life can return to normal .
Posted by Neil Sperry
A Washington Traffic Safety Commission study titled , “ Driver Toxicology Testing and the involvement of Marijuana in Fatal Crashes , 2010-2014 , ” says there 's not enough data yet to draw conclusions about marijuana 's role in fatality collisions , but made these observations :
< > In 2014 , the combination of alcohol and THC emerged as the most high-risk group of drivers involved in fatal crashes . In the report , THC refers to the psychoactive chemical entering the blood and brain immediately after marijuana use .
< > Of the…
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
West Bromwich Albion are contemplating a swoop to bring Shane Long back to The Hawthorns .
Tony Pulis is keen to bolster the Baggies ' limited strike options during the January transfer window and Long is among the names on his wishlist , according to our sister title , the Mirror .
The 29 year-old left Albion in January 2014 to join Hull but his spell there was brief as he moved onto Southampton for £12m just eight months later .
West Brom opinion : The pro and cons of Shane Long returning
Long has struggled for goals and fitness this season after finishing last term in impressive form .
But he opened his account for Southampton this season in their 2-1 defeat against the Baggies on New Years Eve .
West Ham are also said to be monitoring the Republic of Ireland international .
Long wo n't be easy to prise away from St Mary 's with Charlie Austin out until April with a shoulder injury , reducing Claude Puel 's attacking options .
Bournemouth 's Benik Afobe and Brentford 's Scott Hogan are two alternative striker targets Pulis has in his sights .
Albion is eighth in the Premier League table after beating Hull City 3-1 with goals from Chris Brunt , Gareth McAuley and James Morrison .
Adele was the big winner at last night 's Grammy Awards , pulling down wins for Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album for 25 and Record of the Year , Song of the Year , and Best Pop Solo Performance for “ Hello. ” If you 're of the opinion that Lemonade was the better album , you 're not alone : Adele herself used her Album of the Year acceptance speech to sing Beyoncé 's praises , going so far as to say she could not “ possibly accept this award . ”
While onstage accepting the award , Adele broke the gramophone speaker off of the trophy . The moment did n't show up on the Grammys telecast , and it 's unclear whether it was an accident or a purposeful show of solidarity with Bey . It should also be noted that the trophies the winners hold onstage are just props , to be swapped in later for the actual award , so it 's not like Adele destroyed a historical artifact .
In the press area backstage after the show , Adele continued to rave about Beyoncé , calling herself a stan for the “ Formation ” singer . “ Like I said in my speech , my album of the year is Lemonade . So a piece of me did die inside , as a Beyoncé stan — not going to lie , ” she said . “ I was completely rooting for her , I voted for her . I felt like it was her time to win . What the fuck does she have to do to win album of the year ? ”
Adele on Beyoncé backstage : `` I thought it was her year . What the fuck does she have to do to win album of the year ? '' — Andrew Barker ( @ barkerrant ) February 13 , 2017
Watch Adele 's Album of the Year acceptance speech below .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
John Terry insists Aston Villa will bounce back from their 'disappointing ' defeats against Bolton and QPR , and admits the promotion push is still on .
The skipper was frustrated to lose ground on the top two as Villa slumped to back-to-back losses at bottom-half opponents .
With Cardiff 's game at Derby County postponed due to adverse weather conditions , the gap between Villa and second-place remains seven points .
Time is running out and leaders Wolves are now out of touch with a 13-point advantage but Terry is n't giving up .
`` After a great run , the last two results have been really disappointing , '' he said on Instagram .
`` Unbelievable support yet again from the 4,324 supporters that travelled to Bolton in horrendous conditions to support the boys .
`` I know we will bounce back from this and push for promotion which has always been our aim from day one . ''
More Villa news
“ We 've lost more games in five days than we have previously in three months , '' said Steve Bruce - and he 's right , writes Gregg Evans .
Well almost .
Two back to back defeats at home to Queens Park Rangers and away at Bolton Wanderers have damaged Villa 's push for automatic promotion .
Prior to these five days from hell , Villa had only lost once since the Boxing Day setback at Brentford - almost three months ago - and that was a loss at Fulham last month .
All of which points to the fact that Bruce 's team have picked the worst possible time to stutter .
Bruce is refusing to give up on the push for automatic promotion but admits a five-day horror-show has left Wolves and Cardiff City firmly in the driving seat .
Defeat at Bolton saw Aston Villa lose further ground on the leaders while Cardiff City can extend their lead in second place to ten points with victory at Derby County on Sunday .
But experienced Bruce is refusing to be too downbeat despite labelling this week as disastrous .
“ We 've had a horrible five days , '' he said .
“ We 'll have to recover , still eight games to go , still all to play for , but we 've certainly given the initiative to the others .
“ In my experience , there 's still a few twists and turns .
“ April is huge - that 's the defining month . ”
Asked specifically if he feels the automatic promotion race is still on , Bruce said : “ Well , look we 've lost two in three days and other teams are capable of that .
Aston Villa have a mountain to climb - but Cardiff City and Wolves are n't there yet
“ As I 've said repeatedly , we need to win our games and we have n't .
“ We 've had a wonderful opportunity against QPR and Bolton - no disrespect to either of them - but we have n't taken anything from either of them .
“ In that respect we deserve to be where we are . ”
Bruce blamed the weather conditions for Villa 's wobble here .
He felt that Bolton handled the occasion better than his side and claimed his troops were unable to play their own game as the snow battered down on the surface and the wind ripped around the arena .
“ It was very difficult , '' he continued . “ When it 's like that it becomes a real leveller .
“ They put it forward and played very simply .
“ It ended up one of those frustrating nights where we 're all hugely disappointed .
“ The goal was soft , but they adapted to the conditions better .
“ Our wide players could n't run with the ball and we could n't play our football .
“ But I do n't want to make excuses . We were n't good enough , even though we had very decent opportunities through Hogan , Grabban and late on ( with Bree ) when the goalkeeper made a great save . ''
Gizmodo
Tesla : Famous Korean Actor Who is Suing Us 'Threatened to Use His Celebrity Status in Korea to Hurt Tesla '
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Suzuki 's global lubricant brand now available in India .
Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Limited recently launched Suzuki Japan 's global lubricant brand Ecstar in India . Suzuki claims that the new line of engine oil is formulated to enhance engine performance and prolong the motor 's life . The R9000 ( 10W40 ) engine oil is designed for Suzuki motorcycle engines and consists of a blend of high-quality synthetic base oil additives that help to reduce friction , provide better performance , and prevent sludge and other deposits .
Suzuki also claims that the Ecstar engine oil helps their motorcycle engines achieve better thermal stability , which provides better engine protection . Suzuki claims that the R9000 also helps the engine in cold conditions for an effortless start up and longer engine life . The R9000 is available for the Gixxer range and also for Suzuki 's big bikes like the Hayabusa and GSX series . The new engine oil will be available through all the Suzuki dealerships across the country and soon the company will also make it available through other channels as well .
On the occasion of the launch , Suzuki Motorcycle India Private Limited 's Managing Director , Satoshi Uchida , commented , “ It is our constant effort to offer customers innovative and evolved products that allow them to derive superior experiences from their Suzuki motorcycles . ECSTAR oil from Suzuki is a powerful lubricant that not only enhances the enactment of its vehicles , but with its optimal lubricant formulation , will offer customers outstanding engine protection , a longer life-cycle for their two-wheeler as well as lower maintenance and fuel costs . ECSTAR oil ensures durability and better performance even in unfavourable riding conditions like uneven roads , extreme weather conditions , combustion contaminants , etc . ”
Hizbollah boosted by battleground successes in Syria conflict
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Laguna Blanca School is pleased to announce the appointment of Andy Surber as the new head of lower school .
Surber brings more than 15 years of experience in education , and is looking forward to his new role at the Montecito campus beginning next Monday .
Laguna Blanca Board of Trustees formed a Search Committee composed of trustees , Lower School parents , teachers and administrators to identify outstanding candidates .
“ We believe Andy is a terrific fit to lead the Lower School into the future and build upon its strengths , ” Search Committee chair and board member Hani Zeini said . “ The committee was duly impressed by Andy 's positive energy , focus on child development , collaborative leadership skills and administrative experiences , and we believe he will be a tremendous asset to our school . ”
Surber comes to Laguna Blanca from Grace-St. Luke 's Episcopal School in Memphis , Tenn. , where he held the position of head of lower school for four years . He also has elementary teaching and middle school leadership experience at Phoenix Country Day School in Paradise Valley , Ariz. , and at Dakota Elementary School in Dakota , Ill . In addition to administrative and classroom duties , he has coached track and field , basketball and football at the middle and high school levels .
Surber earned a bachelor of science degree in child development from Rockford College and a master 's of education degree in educational leadership from Northern Arizona University .
“ I 'm thrilled to be joining this wonderful school community , and I 'm looking forward to meeting each Laguna Blanca student and their family , ” Surber said .
This fall , Surber is looking forward to engaging in curriculum development with the teachers and character development activities with the students .
Surber and his wife , Mary , have two sons , 9-year-old Keenan and 7-year-old Logan , and a newly adopted boxer named Stryker . He and his family look forward to relocating to Santa Barbara from Memphis this summer .
Families interested in meeting Surber and learning more about Laguna Blanca are welcome to drop by for a chat and enjoy a summer tour . For those interested in visiting Surber and the Lower School , please call Kim Romanov at 805.969.1085 x415 .
Laguna Blanca School is a K-12 co-educational , college preparatory day school . It guides students to greater heights by building upon the 80-year tradition of academic excellence with new and innovative teaching methods and programs . With the thriving global studies program , resourceful iPad initiative , competitive Condor League athletics , and the state-of-the-art academic research center , the school continues to broaden and enrich our students ' educational experience . Click here for more information .
— Jennifer Guess is a publicist representing Laguna Blanca School .
The cult of '50s pinup girl Bettie Page is hardly underexamined , but this documentary has the advantage of voice-over narration by the reclusive Page herself , from interviews with director Mark ...
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy , it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry . But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone , consumers deci ...
Sierra Nevada Memorial Hospital officials are excited about Dignity Health and Catholic Health Initiatives combining their national ministries to create a new nonprofit Catholic health system . But the hospital 's new Chief Medical Officer , Doctor Jeffrey Rosenberg , says it wo n't actually take effect for up to another year and he does n't anticipate any noticeable impacts on services or patients…
click to listen to Dr Rosenberg
Rosenberg was speaking to the medical host of “ KNCO : Insight ” , Kimberly Parker , who is Executive Director of the Hospital Foundation . Parker says areas of operation wo n't overlap at all…
click to listen to Kimberly Parker
A news release states that , quote , “ the new health system will build a stronger operational and financial foundation to expand access to quality care , build upon complementary resources and capabilities , and reinvest in critical areas , to accelerate improvements in care delivery ” , unquote .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Derby County goalkeeper Jonathan Mitchell faces a few more weeks out due to a cracked bone in a finger .
Mitchell , who has been back up to Scott Carson all season , suffered the injury in training during the Rams trip to Dubai last week .
`` From the time of the injury he was expected to be out for four weeks , so it is not a massive deal , '' said manager Gary Rowett .
Kelle Roos filled in as substitute keeper in Tuesday 's goalless draw against Millwall at The Den .
Roos is expected to be on the bench for tomorrow 's Championship clash with Brentford at Pride Park Stadium .
`` Kelle has done well when he has been out on loan this season , '' said Rowett .
Martin Franklin and Bill Ackman 's plan to sell their agrichemical business is in the weeds , The Post has learned .
The investors , who control Platform Specialty Products Corp. , have had the company 's agriculture chemicals businesses on the auction block for months but is having a hard time getting serious nibbles at the $ 4 billion-plus asking price , sources said .
The two decided to put the business on the block earlier this year — hoping to take advantage of the rapid consolidation taking place in the sector , sources said .
But while some private equity firms — including KKR and Blackstone — have kicked the tires , the West Palm Beach , Fla. , operation , with Ebitda of about $ 400 million , has not had much interest from rival firms , sources said .
The giant chemical companies are almost all in the process of merging with each other , making them too busy to consider buying this pesticides division , a source said .
“ I think if the seller does not get a certain price they might hold on to it , ” the source said .
PSP shares have more than doubled this year , from their $ 6.85 a share low in January , just before rumors of a possible sale emerged , through April 26 , when they hit $ 14.32 .
As the sales process has proceeded , the shares have sold off about 10 percent , to Friday 's close at $ 12.94 .
The company sells pesticides protecting grapes and other fruits and vegetables . Those products make up about half of PSP 's profits .
Franklin , best known for founding Jarden Corp. , which he sold in 2015 to Newell Brands for $ 15 billion , formed PSP in 2013 .
Ackman 's Pershing Square is the leading shareholder , with a 14.5 percent stake .
The pair rolled up several niche chemicals businesses along the way .
At the same time , PSP also rolled up some debt — just as the agrichemical market declined , one Wall street analyst said .
“ They got out over their skis putting too much debt on the company , and then there was the downdraft in agriculture , ” the analyst said .
Ironically , the rise in the stock price , based largely on the expected sale , could be hurting the chances for the sale , two sources said .
Franklin and Ackman have a history of investing alongside each other , including in Burger King .
Former Merrill Lynch CEO Stanley O'Neal is another big name connected to the company , and is on PSP 's board .
PSP has a second division , specializing in chemicals that help make circuit boards and cars — and that operation is doing better than its agrichemical operations , sources said .
PSP on June 5 announced it was buying a small South African agrichemical business that might have been a signal to suitors it is not a desperate seller , a source said .
PSP and KKR declined comment .
Roberto Bustos organized the first Delano-to-Sacramento march in 1966 for the United Farm Workers . JUAN ESPARZA LOERA jesparza @ vidaenelvalle.com
The minister says more monies have been recovered from banks .
The post Nigeria to expand treasury single account coverage – Minister appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
All Progressives Congress ( APC ) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly . Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari 's veto on the Electoral Act amendme ...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What 's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Another big Eid celebration is on the way .
Eid ul Ftir saw 140,000 Muslims gather for prayers and festivities in Birmingham .
But there 's another Eid coming , this time known as Eid ul Adha ( with an alternative spelling of Eid al Adha ) .
This second Eid is not that far away and will be one of the holiest days of the year for Muslims in Birmingham , across the UK and around the world .
Eid ul Adha is actually the more holy of the two events .
It 's also known as Eid Kabir , meaning Greater Eid . In Nigeria , it 's celebrated as the similar Id el Kabir .
And in Urdu and Hindustani languages , it 's called Bakr-Eid or Bakrid .
So when is the next Eid and what is it all about ?
When is Eid ul Adha 2018 ?
( Image : AP )
The Islamic calendar is based on the lunar cycle so official sightings of the crescent moon determine the end of one month and the start of the next .
It also means that dates are not in sync with the sun-based Western calendar . So the dates of Muslim festivals do not stay the same but drift back by 11 days a year .
Whereas Eid ul Fitr comes at the start of the month of Shawwal ( after the end of Ramadan ) , Eid ul Adha is towards the middle of a month .
It starts on the 10th day of Dhul Hijjah , the 12th and final month in the Islamic calendar . The name means month of the pilgrimage .
Eid ul Adha lasts until the 13th day of the month .
The date is not known for certain until the start of Dhul Hijjah has been determined by a sighting of the moon .
But we can make a prediction based on astronomical charts , and also on the dates moving back by 10 or 11 days a year .
The Sharjah Centre for Astronomy & Space Sciences , in the United Arab Emirates , says Eid ul Adha will start on Wednesday , August 22 , 2018 .
According to the Umm al-Qura Calendar of Saudi Arabia , Eid ul Adha will begin a day earlier on Tuesday , August 21 , 2018 .
Muslim communities in the UK and around the world will announce the exact date after a sighting of the moon nearer the time .
We 'll update this article with the date as soon as it 's official .
In 2016 , Eid ul Adha was on September 12 , and in 2017 it was on September 1 , which shows how it drifts back through the year .
A decade from now , Eid ul Adha will be at the start of May .
When is Hajj 2017 and the Day of Arafat ?
( Image : ANSA )
On the ninth day of the month and just ahead of the Eid festival is what 's known as the Day of Arafat .
In 2018 , the Day of Arafat is expected to start on the evening of Monday , August 20 , and end on the evening of Tuesday , August 21 .
The Day of Arafat is on the second day of the Hajj pilgrimage and on the day before Eid ul Adha .
All Muslims must go on a pilgrimage to Mecca at least once in their lives . This journey is what 's known as the Hajj .
Worshippers carry out a series of rituals at Mecca including gathering for prayers for a day on the plain of Arafah , near Mount Arafat .
They pray to be forgiven for all their sins committed over the preceding year and the coming year .
Those not carrying out the pilgrimage are expected to fast instead in order to earn the same forgiveness .
This is said to be the most important day of the Hajj .
What is Eid ul Adha ?
( Image : AP )
Eid ul Adha means Festival/Feast of the Sacrifice .
It marks the date when Ibrahim was commanded by Allah to sacrifice his son , Ishmael , to show his devotion .
Ibrahim was about to go ahead with the sacrifice when he was given a lamb to slaughter instead .
It 's similar to the Christian and Jewish accounts in which God asked Abraham to sacrifice his son Isaac .
The story illustrates devotion to Allah and willingness to accept the command of the Almighty .
How is it celebrated ?
Muslim men , women and children are expected to dress in their best clothes and perform Eid prayers outdoors in a large congregation - or , if it 's raining , in their local mosque .
The day begins with a prayer service in which Muslims recite from the Qur'an , followed by a brief sermon .
Muslims then embrace and exchange greetings ( such as 'Eid Mubarak ' ) , give gifts to children , and visit friends and relatives .
Those in Birmingham traditionally celebrate Eid al-Adha with prayers in Small Heath Park .
There 's also a funfair at the park throughout the celebrations .
What else happens ?
( Image : AP )
Muslims typically perform a full body-washing ritual - called ghusl - before going to the prayers .
As part of this festival , Muslims traditionally sacrifice domestic animals - usually a sheep , goat or cow - to represent the sacrifice in the original story , if they can afford to do so . British law insists the animal must be killed in a slaughterhouse .
A third of the meat is kept by the family , another third is given to relatives , friends and neighbours , and the final third to the poor and needy .
Large family gatherings are often organised , where the sacrificial meat is served .
Muslims often go shopping for new Eid clothes a few days before the celebrations , so Islamic retailers hold their biggest sales at this time .
Is Eid ul Adha a public holiday ?
( Image : Getty Images AsiaPac )
Eid is a holiday in Muslim majority countries .
Those in the United Arab Emirates and Qatar are looking forward to a long break .
In Qatar , it 's expected that public sector workers will get holiday from August 19 to 27 , while the private sector are set to be off from August 21 to 24 .
In the United Arab Emirates , four days of national holiday from August 20 to 23 is expected .
Dates of these holidays will be confirmed nearer the time .
A security official stands at the gate of the Qingpu Prison on the outskirts of Shanghai , China , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 . China 's foreign ministry says Stern Hu , a former executive of the mining giant Rio Tinto , was released from prison on Wednesday after serving a 10-year sentence in Shanghai after being convicted of accepting bribes and stealing trade secrets in 2010 . Samuel McNeil AP Photo
A quirky and hazardous corner of British public finance
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
The Santa Barbara East Beach Collection is one of six City Ventures communities offering a monthly payment program that makes owning a home smarter , easier and less expensive than ever . The program shows how you can buy a home for less than what you are already paying in rent .
Plus , the new program helps overcome objections to “ buying now ” by offering next to no deposit , next to no down payment for qualified buyers , move-in ready units with refrigerator , washer/dryer and window coverings included , and a Home Price Protection Plan , which guarantees if the base price of the home is lowered on the specific floor plan purchased , City Ventures will honor that change anytime before closing .
“ We want to show people there is a smarter alternative to renting . Low prices and historically low mortgage rates are making it possible for households that rent to actually buy and have the same effective ‘ ownership ' payment as their rent payment , ” said Herb Gardner , president of City Ventures ' Homebuilding . “ We can show renters the true cost of living and then demonstrate how the money that leaves their checking account every month to rent is often more than the cost to buy one of our units — especially when you factor in the after tax benefit the IRS allows homeowners and the utility savings in our Green Key projects . ”
The East Beach Collection is a Green Key certified project and offers the first high performance , solar-powered , all-electric new homes on the planet — lowering utility bills and increasing resale value for homeowners .
Situated at the intersection of Montecito Street and Calle Cesar Chavez , homes at the Santa Barbara East Beach Collection range from 972 to 2,210 square feet with up to three bedrooms and 3½ baths . For full program details , call 805.884.9704 or email . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . The sales office is open daily from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. at 331 N. Calle Cesar Chavez in Santa Barbara for all inquiries or personal tours of the project .
— Lori Bero represents City Ventures .
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
1:07 Highlights : Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
2:06 Mayor , residents react to Wal-Mart 's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations , business dealings in first post-election press conference
2:16 Drone flies over Lake Oroville Auxiliary Spillway
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about his priorities in Congress
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question , says 'Our country 's so innocent ? '
SHARE COPY LINK California Treasurer John Chiang on Nov. 1 , 2017 asked CalSTRS to divest from companies that sell certain kinds of guns and ammunition that are illegal in California . He was joined by the brother of Las Vegas shooting victim Jennifer Irvine . Adam Ashton The Sacramento Bee
California Treasurer John Chiang on Nov. 1 , 2017 asked CalSTRS to divest from companies that sell certain kinds of guns and ammunition that are illegal in California . He was joined by the brother of Las Vegas shooting victim Jennifer Irvine . Adam Ashton The Sacramento Bee
They 've seized fentanyl , speed , marijuana , other opioids and large shipments of alcohol , Gull said .
The community has been demanding action since the 2015 suicide crisis , Gull said , and drugs were part of the problem .
`` The drug dealers are n't hiding anymore , people just line up to get them , like getting coffee at Tim Hortons , '' Gull said .
Since it 's a small community with about 1,500 people , Gull said they know the alleged dealers . So he just goes to their house , grabs the drugs and gives it to police .
`` We need help , we want the government to step in and do something to help us instead of watching us from the sideline , '' he said .
A few weeks ago , Gull met with Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale , who told him to apply for funding that is available to help .
A spokesman for Goodale said they are aware of the challenges Attawapiskat faces and noted the federal government is investing $ 291.2 million over five years in a First Nations policing program .
`` These investments include increased and ongoing funding for ( program ) recipients to support priorities such as additional officer positions , officer safety , policing equipment and salaries , '' said Scott Bardsley .
He said the force for the region , Nishnawbe Aski police , recently finished a three-year deal through the program , which `` will strengthen policing in Attawapiskat and bolster its response to these challenges . ''
He said there is money available for crime prevention projects and for initiatives to reduce gang and gun violence .
`` This funding would include a portion provided to Indigenous organizations to help build capacity through education , outreach and research , addressing the unique needs of Indigenous communities and urban populations , '' Bardsley said .
Nishnawbe Aski police Sgt . Jackie George said the chief 's approach is common in northern First Nation communities .
Airport screenings are particularly effective at keeping drugs out of fly-in communities , she said .
`` It keeps people from trafficking contraband into the communities because they know they 're going to be searched , '' she said .
Last November , the Mushkegowuk Council , a regional organization that represents northern First Nations that includes Attawapiskat , declared a state of emergency on illegal drugs and alcohol .
`` This pandemic has reached serious levels where it 's clearly destroying our people and communities , '' said Grand Chief Jonathon Solomon at the time .
Chief Gull said he is considering buying a drug-sniffing dog to help .
`` We ca n't just sit around and wait for somebody to do it for us , we have to do it ourselves , '' he said .
By Liam Casey , The Canadian Press
Hungary plans to detain asylum seekers in shipping containers
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
NORTH MIAMI , FLA. ( WSVN ) - A North Miami cop , Commander Emile Hollant , has been fired from the force .
An internal affair investigation concluded that Hollant hindered an investigation into the shooting of Charles Kinsey and misled the police chief about the investigation .
Kinsey , a mental healthcare worker , was lying on his back , hands in the air , when he was shot , last year .
Hollant was in charge when Officer Jonathan Aledda shot Kinsey in the leg .
Aledda has been charged with attempted manslaughter and culpable negligence .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
[ Noozhawk 's note : This article is part of Day 6 in Noozhawk 's 12-day , six-week special investigative series , Prescription for Abuse . Related links are below . ]
While prescription drug abuse and addiction can start with a legitimate prescription or self-medication , many South Coast college students end up in emergency rooms or treatment programs as the result of chasing a high .
“ If there 's a combination someone can come up with to get high , they 'll do it , ” UCSB police Detective David Millard said .
Recreational use of prescription or illicit drugs and alcohol — sometimes at the same time — is a frequent pastime for many people in the local college student population .
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
Each year , about 1,200 UCSB students go through the school 's Alcohol & Drug Program as a result of residence hall violations , citations or legal infractions , said program director Jackie Kurta .
“ The last three years , we 've seen more students struggling with issues involving prescription drug abuse , and particularly opiates , and those are students who do come forward for help , ” Kurta said . “ They 're usually at a point where they 're struggling , tried to quit on their own and find their own methods to kick it , but found it too hard to stay in school and do that at the same time . ”
Most of those students started using recreationally without being aware of the dangers of mixing drugs , she said .
“ What they 're not aware of is how addictive these substances are — opiates and benzodiazepines — and tolerance starts to build so they get into higher and higher use , ” Kurta said .
Use of opiates is the biggest problem , and Kurta says many students draw the line at snorting or smoking and wo n't inject them . Once needles are involved , a slew of other risks arise , like an increased chance of infection and overdose .
Opiates are products derived from opium poppy products , including the natural morphine and codeine and semi-synthetic hydromorphone , oxycodone and hydrocodone .
Brand name products with these components include Robitussin ( codeine ) and powerful painkillers like Dilaudid ( hydromorphone ) , OxyContin ( oxycodone ) and Vicodin ( hydrocodone ) .
Young adults often use prescription drugs to get high in ways that have high risks of overdose : mixing them with large amounts of alcohol , mixing drugs together and taking them non-orally , treatment professionals say .
With many drugs , there 's a time-release formula meant to space out the effects , but if they 're crushed and snorted , a person will “ get a rush unlike what is intended , ” Kurta explained .
“ The faster it gets to the brain , the faster it leaves , so a person needs to do more , more often , and in bigger doses ” to feel the same effect , she said .
In Kurta 's experience , “ the opiates in and of themselves tend not to kill people , ” she said . “ It 's the alcohol compounded on the effects of the opiate in terms of slowing down the central nervous system . ”
UCSB 's Drug & Alcohol Program is behind campus educational campaigns urging students to party safe . If students drink , they are advised to do so in moderation , and if they “ play around ” with prescription drugs it 's a very bad idea — but combining the two is worse , Kurta said .
Santa Barbara County sheriff 's Sgt . Mike McCoy of the Isla Vista Foot Patrol often comes across young people who have taken things several steps too far .
“ There seems to be an attitude of invincibility , ” he said .
Millard said he has confronted people who “ looked horrible ” and they told him they chugged a whole bottle of Robitussin and chased it with a beer .
Combining alcohol with Vicodin or Xanax — a strong anti-anxiety benzodiazepine — is also common right now .
UCSB Police Chief Dustin Olson said drug abuse among the student population is common , but for widely varying motives .
“ We tend to see a lot of the college students , because of the challenges and trials and tribulations of academic rigor , ” he said . “ The Adderall , the Xanax , the Ritalin for the test anxiety , honing their study skills , staying up all night .
“ It 's very challenging , because like most four-year schools , we 're like a small city . We have our own physicians , our own psychiatrists , and all of these folks who prescribe medications . We have our own pharmacy . ”
Millard said he has only seen “ a handful ” of forged prescriptions in his 10 years at UCSB . He added that accessibility for students is mostly through parents , overprescribing physicians , doctor shopping and medical marijuana dispensaries .
Some students have been known to sell their extra drugs , too .
“ Some of that medication makes its way out onto the streets of Isla Vista , and that 's something they 're subsidizing their college educations or their meager incomes with , ” Olson said .
UCSB police work closely with the Isla Vista Foot Patrol , which is kept busy in the densely populated neighborhoods west of campus .
The college-aged community accounts for five to 10 alcohol overdoses every weekend , McCoy said . A “ significant ” number of the Isla Vista Foot Patrol 's calls for service are related to drugs or alcohol , he added .
“ We see a lot of kids who are out trying to enhance their high , ” McCoy said .
Any opiate-based narcotic depresses the central nervous system and “ extends the length of the high , ” he explained .
McCoy held up county Coroner 's Office reports and pointed to a few highlighted items , all of them related to young people .
“ What we see from that oftentimes is deaths , ” he said . “ It 's pretty staggering when you look at that . ”
There 's no denying that Isla Vista is and probably always will be a hub for college parties , but the message from Kurta 's program is simple : party safe .
The Drug & Alcohol Program releases guides with tips for party throwers and partygoers to keep people from drinking themselves into dangerous situations .
A new public relations campaign is called “ Just Call 9-1-1 , ” and Kurta said UCSB wants to dispense with myths of expense or getting in trouble for calling an ambulance to help a friend .
“ We 're trying to break through that , ” Olson agreed .
UCSB has been notifying parents as well to help students understand the risk and not be afraid of repercussions if they call .
Medical calls are the priority of first responders , even law enforcement . If someone is showing warning signs of alcohol or drug overdose , people are asked to call 9-1-1 immediately .
“ Typically what we do is call an ambulance ; that 's a life-saving call , ” McCoy said . “ We 're not going to try to file charges . We do n't need to have somebody die to try and get an arrest in .
“ We 're about saving lives as much as anybody else is . ”
Kurta has heard students worry about the cost of an ambulance , as well . The campaign makes it very clear that it 's free for an ambulance to come out and evaluate someone who may have overdosed , while Undergraduate Student Health Insurance covers the cost of one ambulance ride per year .
If students come in for help , counseling is completely free , she added .
The 1,200 students who are mandated to participate in one of the five-week programs will first be referred to UCSB 's College Alcohol and Substance Education program , or CASE , which stresses the perspective that “ It 's against the law , but if you do it anyway , be safe , ” Kurta said .
If referred again , students must enter the process-oriented Skills Awareness and Motivation program , or SAM , and maybe Insight , a smaller group approach with individual sessions that help identify what changes need to be made .
The 6-year-old CASE program has developed a reputation , and many students remember their time fondly because they got to talk about things they could n't discuss anywhere else , Kurta said .
Her staff tells the students : “ We did n't refer you here but we 're glad you are here . ”
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk or @ NoozhawkNews . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
( WSVN ) - It 's a disease that killed millions of Europeans in the Middle Ages , and now the plague has resurfaced in Arizona .
KTVK reports that fleas in Navajo County have tested positive for the plague . That comes a week after fleas on prairie dogs in Coconino County also tested positive for the disease .
Officials said the affected properties will be treated , and they said they will monitor the area .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say the plague is caused by Yersinia pestis . There are three types of plague : bubonic , pneumonic , and septicemic . All three types cause fever , chills , muscle pain , headaches , swollen lymph glands and weakness .
Patients contract the illness after handling or being bitten by an animal carrying the bacteria . Doctors say antibiotics are used to treat the illness , but if left untreated , can cause serious illness or death .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Republicans lost two last-ditch court challenges to a new Pennsylvania congressional voting map , ensuring that Democrats will get to run in more favorable districts in the state as they try to take the U.S. House in November .
The U.S. Supreme Court rejected Pennsylvania Republicans on Monday , refusing to reinstate a GOP-drawn map that gave the party 13 of the state 's 18 congressional seats in the last three general elections . A three-judge federal court threw out a separate Republican lawsuit earlier in the day .
The rebuffs give Democrats a chance to build on their apparent victory in a special election March 13 for a Republican-held seat under the old map . Democrat Conor Lamb has a slim lead and has claimed victory , but Republicans say they are considering seeking a recount .
If Lamb prevails , Democrats would need to gain 23 more seats in November to win the House majority , which would allow them to block President Donald Trump 's legislative agenda .
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court struck down the Republican-drawn map in January , saying it was a partisan gerrymander that violated the state Constitution . The state court then imposed the new map , drawn with the help of an outside expert , after the Republican-controlled legislature and Democratic governor could n't agree on a new set of districts by a Feb. 9 deadline .
Pennsylvania Republicans argued that the state court ruling violated the U.S. Constitution by stripping the legislature of its power to draw voting maps .
‘ Victory ' for Voters
The U.S. Supreme Court order came without comment or published dissent . Justice Samuel Alito had rejected an earlier Republican request in the case on Feb. 5 without comment .
Micah Sims , executive director of Common Cause Pennsylvania , called the Supreme Court action `` a victory for Pennsylvania voters who will now be able to cast ballots for congressional candidates in districts not unconstitutionally manipulated to make them uncompetitive , ''
The Supreme Court order came about two hours after the three-judge federal panel said Pennsylvania Republicans in Congress and state lawmakers lacked the legal right to try to stop the revised map . The panel unanimously said it could n't grant the `` extraordinary remedy '' the group was seeking .
`` The plaintiffs invite us to opine on the appropriate balance of power between the Commonwealth 's legislature and judiciary in redistricting matters , and then to pass judgment on the propriety of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court 's actions under the United States Constitution , '' the panel said . `` These are things that , on the present record , we can not do . ''
Undoing Confusion
Matthew Haverstick , a lawyer for eight Republican congressional representatives who sued over the map , said his side was reviewing the panel decision and considering the next steps .
`` We 're disappointed , especially in light of the confusion last week in PA 18 , '' Haverstick said , referring to the special election . `` I do n't think this result is going to help in undoing any of this confusion . ''
Pennsylvania Governor Thomas Wolf said in court papers that 150 candidates are relying on the new map as they collect signatures to appear on the ballot . The filing period opened March 7 .
This could be a watershed year for the rules governing partisan gerrymandering . The Supreme Court is considering cases from Wisconsin and Maryland that could put nationwide limits on lawmakers ' ability to draw maps for partisan advantage . The justices will hear arguments next week in the Maryland case .
The Supreme Court case is Turzai v. League of Women Voters , 17A909 . The district court case is Corman v Torres , 18-cv-443 , U.S. District Court , Middle District of Pennsylvania ( Harrisburg ) .
— With assistance by Erik Larson , and Bob Van Voris
COCOA BEACH , Fla. ( WSVN ) — A teenager visiting Florida is recovering after he was bitten by a shark over the Memorial Day weekend .
According to a GoFundMe page set up by the teen 's family , 15-year-old Cody High and his family were in Central Florida for vacation with plans to visit Disney World . However , when the family went swimming at Cocoa Beach , Cody was bitten on the leg by a 6-foot bull shark .
“ I was about knee-deep when he got me , and I was walking back . I did n't see him at all , ” Cody fold Fox 35 .
Cody was taken to the hospital where doctors stabilized him before moving him to another hospital for surgery .
According to the family , the doctors said there were “ too many stitches to count . ”
Fox 35 reported that the shark ripped off most of High 's calf , leaving him in a wheelchair . Cody has since been released from the hospital .
Despite the incident , the family was able to make their planned trip to Disney World .
Cody 's family said he will need extensive rehab , and they have set up a GoFundMe account to help cover the cost of his continued medical care . To donate , click here .
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
It 's been about a month since Veeam 's annual user and partner conference VeeamON , which was held in New Orleans , Louisiana this year . I 'm still missing the casual , free spirited vibe of the Big Easy and of course New Orleans-style Cajun cooking .
Hot sauce makes it better
If you 've ever been to New Orleans , you 've probably seen Tabasco hot sauce on the tables at practically every restaurant . I 'm a firm believer that hot sauce makes good food taste even better and such is the relationship of Cisco and Veeam . By combining the two , you get something even better . According to the latest ESG white paper , Veeam and Cisco UCS Are Better Together , reliability , performance and agility were highly touted characteristics when selecting a combination of Veeam and Cisco UCS over their respective alternatives .
Upping the Scoville units
To learn more about the latest developments in Cisco and Veeam 's partnership , check out theCUBE interview here :
Read the entire article here , Get more insights on the Veeam and Cisco partnership
via the fine folks at Veeam Software
Medical examiners identified a man killed in a two-vehicle crash in east Las Vegas shortly after midnight Monday .
According to the Clark County Coroner 's Office , 37-year-old Jerry Laval Budley died from blunt force injuries .
Police said a white Chevy S10 pickup truck was traveling eastbound on Sahara Avenue , near Maryland Parkway when the driver crashed into the passenger side of a Chevy van . The driver of the van was making a left turn into the Sterling Sahara apartment complex when it was struck .
The van rotated and struck a light pole . The passenger of the van , identified as Budley , was ejected and died at the scene , Lt. David Gordon said .
Both drivers were transported to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries .
Police did not release further details .
Stay with FOX5 for updates .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Akun ( Nasarawa State ) – The District Head of Wakama in Nasarawa State , Mr Adams Makka-Nangba , has urged village heads and other stakeholders in the area to mobilise their subjects to register in the ongoing Continuous Voter Registration ( CVR )
to exercise their right during the 2019 general elections and beyond .
Makka-Nangba made the call on Monday during stakeholders meeting in Wakama , Akun Development Area of the state .
He reiterated the importance of the voter card , saying it could not be over-emphasised in the socio-economic development of the country , hence the need for eligible sons and daughters of the area to register .
The district head said the aim of the meeting was to discuss issues on how to move the area forward for the benefit of the people .
He described the voter card as the only weapon the electorate could use to choose leaders of their choice .
He added that “ as the nation 's general elections draw closer , I appeal to village heads and other stakeholders to mobilise eligible voters to register and get their voter cards so as
not to get disenfranchised in the 2019 general elections and beyond . ”
He said “ anyone who contributed positively to the development of the area would be given traditional title . The traditional council is watching and assessing the contributions of individuals and stakeholders . ”
Makka-Nangba advised his subjects to be law abiding , respect constituted authorities and live in peace , irrespective of ethnic , religious and political affiliations .
He urged the people and other Nigerians to pray and support government at all levels “ to enjoy more dividends of democracy . ”
Officials of Eggon Cultural and Development Association ( ECDA ) , Wakama chapter and other chapters that made up the Wakama clan in Nasarawa State and Abuja were among other stakeholders who attended the meeting .
Mr Joshua Bala , the Commandant of Peace Corp of Nigeria ( PCN ) Nasarawa chapter also attended the meeting . ( NAN )
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
How is your 1990s West Bromwich Albion knowledge ?
We 've put together pictures of Albion players from the 90s - some easily recognisable , others a bit more obscure .
Brian Talbot , Bobby Gould , Ossie Ardiles , Keith Burkinshaw , Alan Buckley , Ray Harford , Denis Smith and Brian Little were the gaffers during that period - but how well can you remember the players ?
Click the quiz above to see how many of them you can recall .
And remember to share your score .
SUPER BOB
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Speaking of the 1990s , have you checked out of Bob Taylor video gallery ?
On promotion to the Premier League Bob said , “ I 've got my beloved Baggies to the promised land. ” Yes you did Bob . And so much more . Here 's some Super Bob memories .
By Henry Umoru
ABUJA— THE Senate has begun a probe into illegal confinement of underage and infants in the same prison as adult prisoners .
Consequently , it mandated its Committee on Interior , led by Senator Andy Ubah ( APC , Anambra South ) , to summon the Comptroller-General of Prisons , Ahmed Ja'afaru , to brief it on the state of Prison inmates in Nigeria .
The committee , according to the Senate , would carry out a holistic investigation into the confinement of underage offenders and infants with adults in the nation 's prisons and report back within four weeks .
The upper chamber , which urged the Legal Aid Council to step up efforts to ensure that underage children were not prosecuted without legal representation in courts , however , called on the Federal Government to establish more Juvenile Remand/ Correctional Homes and , Crèches attached to all female Prisons across the nation .
Resolutions of the Senate , yesterday , were sequel to a motion by Senator Victor Umeh ( APGA , Anambra Central ) , entitled , “ Illegal confinement of underage offenders and infants in the same prison with adult prisoners . ”
The Senate also urged security agencies involved in the arrest and detention of juveniles to ensure they were not incarcerated beyond 48 hours and that when conviction was secured , should ensure they were separated from the adults inmates .
In his presentation , Senator Umeh said : “ The Senate : Notes that Section 1 of the Child 's Right Act provides that : “ In every action concerning a child , whether undertaken by an individual , public or private body , institutions or services , court of law , or administrative or legislative authority , the best interest of the child shall be the primary consideration . ”
The next person to join LeBron James in Los Angeles may be Carmelo Anthony .
After the former star opted into the next year of his contract in Oklahoma City , Anthony is a logical buyout candidate . He 's 34 , making a ton of money and not doing much to help the Thunder .
What 's more , Anthony is a member of the Banana Boat crew and Los Angeles might be able to get him cheap if a buyout happens .
As for other potential Lakers to be , Chris Bosh still does n't want his career to be over . And his next try at a comeback may be alongside James in Los Angeles .
Bosh may petition the league again in an attempt to return , according to the Sporting News . The 34-year-old has n't played since 2016 . He was forced into retirement in 2017 after a recurrence of blood clots .
The two-time champion has wanted to return before , but under the NBA 's “ fitness to play ” clause , has been kept out of the league . Bosh reportedly could argue that new blood-thinning medicine makes a potential issue less likely and he 's willing to accept responsibility .
The connection with James is there if that scenario comes to fruition — the two played together in Miami . Moreover , Lakers GM Rob Pelinka was Bosh 's agent , and Bosh worked out at the Lakers ' facility earlier this year . Should he be allowed to return , it makes sense that the Lakers would be his destination .
Bosh 's injury could be life-threatening , though . It seems unlikely that the NBA would allow him to return with that in mind , but anything 's possible .
Meanwhile , Bosh 's most recent social media activity ? Retweeting memories of Miami 's Big Three .
MILWAUKEE , Wisc . ( WSVN ) — A woman in Wisconsin is accused of killing her four-year-old son by setting him on fire in a bathtub .
Amelia DiStasio , 23 , is charged with first degree intentional homicide in the death of her son Antonio , Fox News reports .
According to the criminal complaint , the Milwaukee Fire Department was dispatched to a report of smoke at a home around 7:30 a.m. on Sept. 28 .
When firefighters entered the apartment , they observed smoke from the stove as well as a from pile of clothing in the bathtub .
That 's when firefighters found the lifeless child with his hands bound behind his back with several belts and a garbage bag over his head .
“ The majority of his body was burned , ” the complaint stated .
Investigators said it appeared the victim 's body had been set on fire with the use of some kind of accelerant .
As they went through the home , they found a pet guinea pig drowned in its cage next to the tub , along with a bottle of cooking oil on top of the bathroom sink . Investigators noted the apartment 's smoke detector had been removed and submergd in water .
According to Fox 6 Milwaukee , a witness who lives in the same apartment building told officers the mother and her young boy moved in two months prior to his death , noting Amelia “ was n't friendly and kept to herself . ”
The neighbor also told investigators that , one day before the child died , she heard the young boy say , “ Please Mommy , stop ! I wo n't do it again , ” to which she heard the mother yell back , “ Shut up . ”
Another witness told officers she saw a woman jump from the windowsill of the apartment building the same day firefighters responded to the scene .
Police apprehended Amelia DiStasio later that same day after an officer spotted her . If convicted , she faces life in prison .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
CTV Vancouver
One man is in hospital according to police after a shooting in Maple Ridge Sunday evening .
Ridge Meadows RCMP said in a release that the incident was n't random and that there is no further threat to public safety .
Witnesses say they heard shots around 5 p.m . Shortly after , there was a heavy police presence on Dewdney Trunk near 203rd Street .
A worker in a nearby convenience store says a woman ran into the store and told him someone had been shot , and asked him to call 911 .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A drug-driver who was involved in a crash on the M1 was unable to stand up when highways officer arrived .
Police then found he could not drive in a straight line .
Cameron Gutherie , 19 , of Sutton Road , Church Broughton , was involved in the collision with another vehicle on the southbound carriageway of the M1 motorway , near Tibshelf services .
Highway officers attended the scene and advised the drivers off both cars , who were uninjured , to travel to the services to get them off the motorway and exchange details .
But Lynn Bickley , prosecuting , said : `` Mr Gutherie appeared to be unable to drive in a straight line and highways officers noticed the Vauxhall Corsa he was driving mount a kerb and stall . There was a wheel-spin and then the car sped off in the direction of the car park .
( Image : Google Maps )
“ He appeared unable to stand up and was advised to remain seated in his car while the police were called . The defendant appeared to fall asleep and remained like that until police arrived at 7.50am . ”
Mrs Bickley added that police had to wake Gutherie and they felt that he appeared intoxicated or under the influence of drugs .
The teenager completed a road-side drink-drive test which was negative but traces of a drug were found in his system after a blood test .
Mrs Bickley confirmed that the drug Alprazolam - which is used to treat anxiety - was found in Gutherie 's system . This can have side effects including drowsiness and nausea .
The business management student pleaded guilty to driving a vehicle while unfit to drive through drugs after the incident on October 22 at Chesterfield magistrates ' court .
Defence solicitor Paul McLeod said the defendant has a history of depression and he had been to a party . He was feeling down and his friends had advised him to leave and had given him a tablet to make him feel better .
Magistrates fined Gutherie £120 and ordered him to pay £85 costs and a £30 victim surcharge .
He was also banned from driving for 12 months .
PEMBROKE PINES , FLA. ( WSVN ) - A Pembroke Pines youth counselor has been accused of abusing a child he was supposed to help .
Police have arrested 26-year-old Chris Jeffries , charging him with child abuse without great bodily harm .
According to Pembroke Pines Police , Jeffries , who is a counselor at Broward Youth Treatment Center , became upset that the victim was spreading false rumors about him at the facility . He then confronted him in the common area and punched him in the face .
After responding , police said Jeffries admitted to punching the child .
He is currently being held on at $ 2,500 bond .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Atypical antipsychotic therapy with mood stabilizers effective after bipolar episode
Share this content :
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Mood stabilizer treatment and adjunctive atypical antipsychotic therapy is associated with a lower rate of rehospitalization .
Atypical antipsychotic ( AAP ) adjunctive therapy to mood stabilizers ( MSs ) may be more effective than MS monotherapy in preventing rehospitalization during the first year after a manic bipolar episode , according to a study in Bipolar Disorders .
Israeli researchers conducted a retrospective cohort study using electronic medical record review of all consecutive admissions to the Geha Medical Health Center in Petach , Tikva , Israel , from January 1 , 2005 , through July 31 , 2013 . They included patients who met Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , 4th Edition , Text Revision , criteria for bipolar I disorder and were admitted because of a manic episode . Patients who met criteria for schizoaffective disorder or mood exacerbations attributed to substance use or were hospitalized for reasons other than a primary major mood episode were excluded from the study .
The 201 eligible patients were subgrouped according to treatment type at discharge : MS monotherapy , MS with AAP , and MS with typical antipsychotic therapy ( TAP ) . There was no significant difference between the 3 treatment groups with regard to the mean daily dose and serum levels of lithium and valproate at discharge .
The researchers `` found an increased rate of [ long-acting injectable ] antipsychotics in the group of patients discharged on MS with TAP compared to the MS with AAP group ( P
IGA stores might not have a future if the Government starts to target the way supplier Metcash behaves .
IGA stores might not have a future if the Government starts to target the way supplier Metcash behaves .
THE future of your local IGA has just got a lot more cloudy . The Government has signalled it will crack down on the struggling supermarket system even as it loses market share to Aldi , Coles and Woolworths .
Before we see why your IGA could be in strife , we need to look at how IGAs work .
You probably know the in IGA stands for independent . What you might not know is that almost all IGAs depend on a big grocery wholesaler called Metcash . Metcash supplies them with the groceries they sell ( except in Tasmania , it 's different down there ) . But Metcash is now in the Government 's sights , and that could squeeze the local IGA .
Metcash always seems to be a few years behind the big two supermarkets . You might remember a few years back Coles and Woolworths got in big trouble for the way they were treating their suppliers .
There was a ruckus and a Grocery Code of Conduct was set up to prevent it from happening again . The Grocery Code is a weird law - you have to agree to be part of it , but once you agree , it applies like any law . Aldi , Coles , Woolies all agreed to abide by the system and it has apparently made a positive difference . Their suppliers are happier now .
But Metcash opted out of the Grocery Code . And now the Government is after them . It commissioned a review on how the Grocery Code is working , and the draft report singles out Metcash for its behaviour towards the farmers and food manufacturers that fill IGA shelves .
`` The review received complaints from suppliers concerning the conduct of Metcash , including issues relating to unilateral demands , forensic accounting practices to offsetting amounts owed without the supplier 's consent , failure to comply with promotional terms , and requiring payments above reasonable costs to conduct study tours , '' the draft report says .
`` The review identified ongoing issues between the wholesaler and its suppliers . Metcash should become a signatory to the Grocery Code . ''
The draft report could change , and even then the Government does n't have to accept the recommendations . But it seems very likely Metcash will soon find itself with its back to the wall .
STRUGGLE TOWN
The narrow aisles of the IGA were once a big part of Australians ' grocery shopping lives . But that has changed and IGA is slowly becoming a victim of our enthusiasm for Aldi . Metcash now has around 7 per cent market share and dropping .
Is this end for your local IGA ?
The review outlines the problem - Metcash and IGA are behind the times .
`` With increased price competition , independent retailers and Metcash have faced a steady decline in their turnover over the past five years . Questions have also been raised about whether its traditional wholesale model remains suitable for adapting to changes in consumer habits , '' the review says .
ADVANCE FAIRLY
Everyone would agree that Metcash should treat suppliers fairly . But IGAs already struggle to compete on price with the big chains . Forcing Metcash to sign up to the code might make its groceries even pricier , and accelerate the decline of the humble IGA .
So it would be no surprise if Metcash wants to avoid the code . I asked Metcash spokesman Steve Ashe whether Metcash would still be viable if it had to sign up to the code , and if IGAs would have to shut down . He did n't answer those questions directly , but he did n't exactly show enthusiasm for fully signing up to the code .
`` Our model is based around partnering and working closely with our suppliers . We believe we already comply with the parts of the Code that relate to us , and would consider signing up to components of the code that do not , lead to an adverse impact on the competitiveness of our independent retailers , '' he said .
Metcash can try to duck and weave , but the review suggests the Government should just shirt-front them if they do .
`` In the event Metcash continues to remain outside of the Grocery Code , the Review recommends that the Government introduce a separate mandatory code of conduct containing the same substantive terms as the current Code ( together with any amendments adopted as a consequence of Government accepting recommendations in this Report ) with targeted application to Metcash , '' the review says .
That struck me as a fairly harsh approach , and actually made me wonder how much influence Coles , Woolworths and Aldi might have had on this report . Nevertheless , it seems the Government will soon be on the warpath , and the threat of a mandatory code might be enough to force Metcash to sign up `` voluntarily '' .
CA N'T WE ALL GET ALONG ?
Treating your suppliers badly to get cheap prices is the easy way to get cheap prices , but not the only way . Aldi is renowned for having excellent supplier relationships and very low prices , and its market share rose from 7 per cent in 2014-15 to 9 per cent in 2017-18 . It goes to show both sides can be happy if you 're willing to do things differently .
The question is whether Metcash can do things differently , or if it is stuck in the mud . With Kaufland arriving soon and Costco expanding , competition in the Australian grocery sector is only getting more intense . For IGA to go on and thrive , Metcash and IGA need to shake things up , urgently .
Jason Murphy is an economist , and writes the blog Thomas the Think Engine .
Laurie Meyn Leighty has been selected to lead the Santa Barbara Athletic Roundtable Board of Directors ' lineup .
In her two-year term as president , Leighty will guide the nonprofit 's mission of recognizing and supporting athletic participation as an important means of fostering discipline , teamwork , self-respect , personal responsibility and camaraderie .
“ I want to support local amateur and student athletes , ” said Leighty , whose commitment to SBART includes seven years of volunteer work .
Assisting her are Rich Hanna , past president , and SBART 's other new officers : Bob Kuntz , treasurer ; Jason Wilson , secretary ; and Cara Gamberdella , president-elect . Additionally , members Joe Howell , Gary Cunningham , Jay Smith , Catherine Manset , Gene Deering and Rick Wilson serve as committee chairs or event chairs . New board members are Diane O'Brien , Paul Bradford and Scott Lindberg . All officers will serve a two-year term .
A graduate of UCSB , the new president also is involved with other area nonprofits , such as the Center for Successful Aging , the Land Trust for Santa Barbara County and the Women 's Executive Network . Her day job is senior vice president of operations and human resources for American Riviera Bank .
She , her husband and three nearly-grown children make their home in Santa Barbara .
For more information on SBART , click here or call 805.705.4949 .
The Santa Barbara Athletic Round Table provides a public forum for area athletic coaches and athletes ; grants financial support to organizations , teams and individuals to further their participation in sports ; and publicly honors athletic performance , scholastic achievement and exemplary ethical behavior .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ant McPartlin has been released under investigation following his arrest on suspicion of drink-driving on Sunday .
The TV presenter , 42 , was arrested in Richmond at around 4pm after failing a roadside breathalyser test .
A Metropolitan Police spokeswoman said that he was `` taken to a south London police station for questioning and has since been released under investigation '' .
Police said enquiries continue .
McPartlin is said to have been involved in a collision with two other cars while he was driving his Mini in Richmond , West London , on Sunday afternoon .
Police said a child passenger from one of the cars was taken to hospital to be checked as a precaution .
A Metropolitan Police spokesperson said : `` Police in Richmond were called to Lower Richmond Road , SW14 at 15:59hrs on Sunday , 18 March following reports of a road traffic collision involving three vehicles .
`` Officers , London Ambulance Service and London Fire Brigade attended .
`` A number of individuals were treated at the scene for minor injuries only .
`` A child passenger from one of the cars has been taken to hospital for a check up as a precaution .
`` A 42-year-old man was arrested at the scene on suspicion of drink-driving after failing a roadside breathalyser test .
`` He has been taken to a south London police station for questioning . Enquiries continue . Roads are expected to reopen shortly . ''
McPartlin entered rehab last year after struggling with an addiction to painkillers .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Ant McPartlin returned to live Saturday night TV last month as he presented Saturday Night Takeaway alongside Declan Donnelly .
But some viewers expressed their concern the 42-year-old presenter looked flushed and `` panicky '' behaviour .
Ant appeared red-faced as he lost his voice and tripped over words as he read the teleprompter alongside Dec .
The show was the likeable Geordie 's first return to the show since he went to rehab to beat an addiction to prescription drugs and booze last year .
And viewers rushed to comment that he `` does n't look good '' as he struggled through the show .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
`` Jeez Ant does n't look good , hope he 's ok ! '' one viewer tweeted .
`` Ant just does n't look right someone help him ! '' another added .
`` Ant looks a bit anxious to me ... a bit panicky , hope he 's ok , '' another viewer tweeted .
( Image : ITV )
But others were happy to see Ant 's return to their screens .
`` Finally @ antanddec are back ! Ant 's looking well was always my favourite sorry Dec , '' one viewer tweeted .
This year 's Summer Solstice Festival officially begins this Friday , from 4 to 9 p.m. , and continues through Sunday in Alameda Park .
Ensembles from the parade and the electronic-rock-dance band Tropo will be headlining on Friday evening .
On Saturday , the 39th annual Solstice Parade begins at noon at State and Cota streets , moving up State Street to the festival with non-stop entertainment in Alameda Park on the main stage until 8 p.m. and music on the Children 's Stage until 6 p.m. Saturday 's highlights will include Area 51 , the Rainbow Girls and more .
Sunday afternoon will feature rock icon Creed Bratton and his band the Rubbermen . Creed is known for his role in NBC 's The Office and The Grass Roots . Popular local ska and reggae band The Upbeats will also be performing Sunday afternoon .
The Summer Solstice Celebration is Santa Barbara 's largest three-day arts festival , “ celebrating life through the arts . ”
Seventy-five decorative and visual fine artists from around the country will have their distinctive one-of-a-kind works on display at this year 's festival . Attendees can stroll through displays of cutting-edge decorative arts , admire , commission and purchase the art of sculptors , muralists , jewelers , painters and fine artists . Some of the artists will be creating pieces on the spot .
” Some of the highlights of this year 's artists include local landscape painter Chris Potter , the hand-dyed weavings of Antonio Mendoza , painter Jesse Nguyen from Santa Ana , sculptures based on the Moebius Ring by L.A. artist Charles Sherman , metal work and precious stones Lorelei Greene , and mixed media artist Suzanne Marquez from New Mexico , ” Solstice Festival Director Stephen Millard said . “ Friday and Sunday afternoon may be the best days to meet with these carefully selected artists . ”
Click here for more information on the entertainment schedule .
At the end of his first month working on a Ryanair cabin crew , John said he was paid just €600 . He lives in Holland , where the rent on his shared apartment runs to more than €900 a month . “ I could not afford to pay all my bills , ” he recalled .
John – not his real name – acknowledged that he was paid more now , but maintained that it was often difficult to get an exact breakdown of his pay between the hours worked and commission for in-flight sales .
He was one of several Ryanair crew that gave an insight into their working lives after a group supported by the International Transport Workers ' Federation ( ITWF ) published a charter of demands for such workers on Wednesday .
Cabin crew argue that they are the people who provided the services on the Ryanair flights that carried 130 million people across 21 European countries last year . They say they must pay for their own uniforms , the water they drink on board and face pressure to sell snacks , drinks and gifts to passengers .
List of demands
Their demands include a fair living wage , stable rosters , base transfers , promotion and disciplinary procedures that are not tied to in-flight sales . They want contracts based on the laws of the country in which they are employed and an ultimate end to working for agencies rather than Ryanair itself .
Ryanair directly employs about 2,000 of its 8,000 crew . Agencies , mainly Dublin-based Crewlink and Workforce , hire the rest . John and his colleagues say the airline 's systems make it difficult to get basic entitlements such as sick pay .
“ The very same day you call in sick , you must come into work and go to the office and fill out a company form explaining why you are sick , ” John said . This requires details of symptoms . When he sought long-term sick pay , John found himself caught between two stools .
His Irish contract of employment meant that Dutch rules , requiring the company to provide two years ' sick pay , did not apply , but living in Holland made it difficult to claim benefits from the Republic 's welfare system .
In-flight sales
John 's colleague Susan said crew were measured according to their in-flight sales and that Ryanair prioritised this over customer service . “ They do n't treat us like we are airline employees ; we feel more like salespersons , ” she said .
“ They are putting pressure on cabin crew by saying that if they do not sell enough , they might not get the transfer that they want or get the promotion they are looking for , ” she explained .
Susan maintained that even if crew do make enough on-board sales to satisfy the airline , there were operational reasons that could prevent Ryanair from making good on transfer or promotion promises .
Ryanair said on Wednesday that cabin crew earned up to €40,000 a year , double the living wage , and work a fixed five-day-on , three-day-off roster , while they do not fly any more than 900 hours a year . According to its statement , rosters exceed all safety requirements .
The airline also pointed out that crew get a €400 uniform allowance , industry leading 10 per cent bonuses for on-board sales , sick pay , and paid and unpaid leave “ as they wish ” .
“ Ryanair is already engaged in extensive negotiations with national cabin crew unions across Europe during which all of these , and other issues , are being negotiated and we have already concluded agreements in the UK and Italy , ” the airline said .
In this photo taken Jan. 26 , 2018 , Mike Moy , an assistant plant manager for Lehigh Hanson Cement Group , inspects a Kespry drone he uses to survey inventories of rock , sand and other building materials at a mining plant in Sunol , California . Robots are coming to a construction site near you . Tech startups are developing self-driving bulldozers , survey drones and bricklaying robots to help the construction industry boost productivity , speed and safety as it struggles to find enough skilled workers . Terry Chea AP Photo
The Chief Executive Officer of Visionscape Sanitation Solutions , John Irvine has assured Lagosians that the engineered landfill being constructed by the environmental utility company at Epe can not experience a fire outbreak .
Irvine , was responding to a question posed during an interaction with journalists in the palace of the Oba of Lagos , Oba Rilwanu Akiolu where he and the top management of Visionscape had gone on a courtesy visit .
The Visionscape boss said there was no need to fear that a fire outbreak can happen at Epe just as it did recently at the Olusosun dumpsite . “ It 's ( Olusosun fire incident ) very unfortunate and we symphatise with the people involved . But just to make the record clear , Epe landfill is a total different super-structure as it is the first engineered landfill in Lagos .
The incidence that happened in Olusosun will never happen in Epe because of the safety measures and technology involved in the engineered landfill . What happens in a landfill is that we construct the waste in a certain way that does n't allow fire outbreaks to happen because we capture the leaking gas and we take away the leachate , ” he said .
Irvine also addressed the concerns of the residents complaining that they are yet to get the waste bins and bags being distributed by Visionscape .
“ When the government asked if we could take over the waste in the market , public areas and schools , the brief changed and all the plans to attend to the residential waste has been re-configured , so the vehicles will be here . The services will be here but you have to understand that there 's a lot of waste being generated by entrepreneurs and we will clear that backlog . Now we are embracing Waste Collection Operators ( WCOs ) who will help in the interim to tackle the daily collection and to allow us take the waste to Epe , “ he said .
The Oba of Lagos , earlier at the Iga Iduganran palace commended Visionscape Sanitation Solutions over its efforts to fulfil its part in delivering a cleaner Lagos .
The Lagos monarch acknowledged that Visionscape had a good reputation and an international pedigree . The Oba maintained that though he was not an investor in the company , he has decided to give it 100 percent support .
He said the environmental utility company was not out to take the jobs of the PSPs . “ I appeal to them ; we are not taking their daily bread from them but teach them better how to do it ( manage waste ) . ”
Oba Akiolu implored all Lagosians to support Visionscape 's mission to ensure a cleaner Lagos saying , “ There 's no successful organisation or initiative without the support of the people . ”
He hinted that all traditional rulers in Lagos would meet at a conference in Epe to talk about the future of Lagos later in the month , and would subsequently address all Lagosians in April .
The Oba urged Visionscape to employ more Lagosians and Nigerians , being a multinational organisation operating in Lagos . “ Teach them how to catch fish and not just give them fish , ” he said .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A city councillor has called for an ‘ eyesore ' tower block that has been empty for years to be demolished .
Five Ways Tower enjoys a high profile position on the edge of Edgbaston close to Five Ways and will be 40-years-old in 2019 .
The 23-storey , 260ft tall building dominates the local landscape and its original profile has not dated like some buildings in the city .
There are so many holes in its glass panels that it looks more like it belongs in a war-torn city than 21st century Birmingham .
The tower block has been shut down for years and vandals who have gained access have smashed glass panels on both sides of the building .
The damage is worse on the 'quiet side ' of the block facing George Road , but now the Islington Row Middleway side has been breached too .
A spokesman for West Midlands Police said : `` We would respond to complaints of criminal damage . ''
The Birmingham Mail has made several calls in the past four months to the Henley-in-Arden office of the company which owns the tower block , only to never be put through to anyone who might know anything about the damage or plans for the future .
( Image : Google Maps )
Cllr Deirde Alden ( Con , Edgbaston ) said : “ As I understand it , it was built for a government department .
“ When we had environmental wardens we were receiving a lot of complaints about it but just hit a brick wall about who actually owns it .
“ It is now said to be completely unusable as a modern office .
“ I have been a councillor here for 19 years and not known it to be in use .
( Image : Emma Lee )
“ I do n't understand why anybody would own it and not do something with it .
“ It is an eyesore and should come down .
“ Times have changed . Years ago houses were being too big too live in and were being turned into offices within offices .
`` But people want to live in this area again and the tower block is overshadowing residential properties . ”
( Image : Dale Martin )
A spokesman for Calthorpe Estates said : “ Although Calthorpe Estates retains the Freehold interest in the land , it is not directly responsible for the repair and upkeep of the tower .
“ This falls to the leaseholder , The Corbally Group ( Edgbaston ) Limited who acquired a long term interest in the property in 2016 following a long period of uncertain ownership .
“ The site is scheduled for future redevelopment and the Estate is working closely with all parties in an attempt to bring this forward .
“ In the interim , both The Corbally Group and The Estate are attuned to the poor condition of the building and whilst its present condition is regrettable , regular surveys are undertaken to ensure that the building and surroundings are maintained in a safe and secure condition . ”
( Image : Google Maps )
What happened when Five Ways Tower was sold
Even the sale of the property in 2016 was shrouded in mystery .
David Oprey , partner at Chantrey Vellacott , confirmed the sale of Five Ways Tower but declined to reveal any further details .
He said : “ We 're pleased to have completed a sale of a challenging property , and in what was a relatively short time frame following our appointment in June . ”
Corporate recovery specialist Craig Povey had previously said the 100,000 sq ft building had been vacant for around 15 years .
( Image : Nick Wilkinson )
“ The owners have faced mounting challenges maintaining the building over the last 15 years which has led to our appointment as receivers , ” he said .
“ While Five Ways Tower has been empty for some time the building stands in a sought-after location in the prestigious business district around Five Ways and Hagley Road .
“ The building has a car park for approximately 400 vehicles and , with investment to bring the property up to standard , it has great potential . ”
( Image : Nick Wilkinson )
What is the Calthorpe Estate ?
Founded 301 years ago in 1717 , the still privately-owned 1600-acre heartland of ‘ green ' Birmingham is seven times larger central London 's Grosvenor Estate and a quarter of the land is still used for recreation , open spaces , playing fields and sports clubs .
A winning blend of commercial and residential land with no industry , there are 17 schools and colleges as well as medical facilities , churches , hotels and shops .
( Image : Nick Wilkinson )
Just six per cent of the land is devoted to commercial use , but it makes a significant contribution to the city 's economy .
The Edgbaston Conservation Area was designated 40 years ago in 1978 and more than half of the total area is now part of the estate .
As well as being larger than all of the city 's other Conservation Areas put together , it contains a third of all listed buildings in Birmingham and Lord of the Rings creator JRR Tolkien would recognise many parts of it from his childhood in the city .
The estate 's most recent development saw the opening of a £12 million , 62-bed Pebble Mill Bupa Care Home in June , 2018 .
Once the home of the BBC Pebble Mill TV studios , the site is already home to the Birmingham Dental Hospital & School of Dentistry , which was opened in November 2015 by The Queen and Prince Philip , who asked the watching crowd : 'Are you here to have your teeth done ? '
It will soon be joined by Circle Health private hospital in the spring of 2019 .
Has the world gone mad ? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower . ...
American motorcycle maker UM International have opened their first showroom in Chandigarh , Punjab the land of five rivers .
The dealership located in Chandigarh at Jindal Agencies Pvt Ltd , Plot No 5 , Industrial Area , Phase1 , was inaugurated by Rajeev Mishra , CEO – UM Lohia Two Wheelers Pvt Ltd , in the presence of Shubham Garg Director , UM Royal Punjab . The Chandigarh dealership is spread over a total of 2,200 sq ft , which includes an area of 1,500 sq ft for sales & service support . Customers will have access to the entire range of UM merchandise and accessories as well . The company also announced that 24×7 Roadside Assistance Programme ( RSA ) will also be available for all customers of the city .
Speaking at the launch , Rajeev Mishra , CEO – UM Lohia Two Wheelers Pvt . Ltd , said , “ Chandigarh as we all know is India 's best planned city which boasts of well maintained , beautiful roads . Additionally its close proximity to the mountains makes the city an ideal playground for motor heads and nomads alike . Moreover Chandigarh is known for its automobile culture , and we 're confident of getting an excellent response from this city . We have been working very hard to create motorcycles that engage with the rider and offer a balance between ergonomics and performance . We 're hoping this dynamism is something even the customers feel . ”
Story : Sahej Patheja
Related Posts via Categories
Mary Burton , 94 , of Harrodsburg , widow of Hunter Burton , died Thursday , Feb. 9 , 2017 , at the Willows in Harrodsburg .
Born March 6 , 1922 , in Bath County , she was the daughter of the late Noah and Estella Corbin Smith .
She owned and operated the Harrodsburg Dish Barn , served on the Harrodsburg Board of Education , served on the Haggin Memorial Hospital Board , was a Mercer County Extension Agent , was a member of the Harrodsburg Christian Church and a member of the Progressive Homemakers Club .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
NORTH LAUDERDALE ( CBSMiami ) – One of two teenagers shot in North Lauderdale over the weekend is out of the hospital and talking about the ordeal .
Bryson Johnson , who is using an alias for fear of retaliation , says it took four hours to remove a bullet lodged in his wrist .
The 19-year-old Johnson says the 15-year-old who was also shot may be paralyzed from his bullet wounds .
“ I just ran . I heard the gunshots and felt the pain . I ran to my aunt 's house and they called the ambulance , ” said Johnson .
The violence began with a street fight that broke out in North Lauderdale that was captured on cellphone video .
That 's when the Broward Sheriff 's Office says 19-year-old Fernandinho St . Lot pulled out a gun and started shooting .
Johnson and the 15-year-old , who were innocent bystanders , were hit by the gunfire .
“ We do n't know what the motive was , ” said Johnson .
On Sunday , St . Lot turned himself into BSO . He is charged with two counts of attempted murder . A judge ordered him held with no bond .
Johnson says he 's relieved St . Lot is in custody , but he still has many questions .
“ I 'm angry you shot a 15-year-old and he had nothing to do with that , ” said Johnson .
