WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
This young boy whose remains were found inside a blue metal storage trunk in the basement of an apartment complex in Greece , NY near Rochester 41 years ago may have lived in Washington state or Oregon at some point .
As part of its ongoing search , law enforcement and the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children facilitated isotope testing on the child 's remains which indicate that he may not have been local to the New York area , having likely spent the first years of his life in the U.S. Northwest ( blue ) and the last years of his life in the U.S. Southeast ( red ) . See map below :
He had brown hair and was found wearing a light blue pajama top with a deer design on the left chest area . He was also wearing a plastic diaper that was fastened with two stainless steel diaper pins .
He had a prominent bulge to the back left region of his skull creating a large skull abnormality . While it 's not clear what caused it , it likely meant the child could not walk and had developmental deficiencies .
National Center for Missing and Exploited Children has released a facial reconstruction showing how the child may have looked in life .
Anyone with tips should call NCMEC at 1-800-THE-LOST ( 1-800-843-5678 ) .
LONDON/WASHINGTON A former violent criminal who converted to Islam and kept out of trouble for more than a decade , the killer who struck Britain 's parliament last week was probably a `` lone wolf '' , self-radicalised by material on the internet , investigators say .
Police say Khalid Masood , who tried to put his troubled past behind him by turning to religion , had copied the low cost , low tech attacks espoused by Islamic State . But investigators have found nothing yet to link him to extremist groups at home or militants abroad .
`` The biggest question is : why did this man become a killer , '' said a European source with knowledge of the investigation . `` And that is the most difficult question to answer because radicalisation is so complex and nuanced .
`` One serious line of inquiry is that he did what he did because of something he saw on the internet . ''
The day after last Wednesday 's attack by parliament , Prime Minister Theresa May said the 52-year-old had come to the attention of spy agency MI5 as a peripheral figure in an investigation into violent extremists , sparking concern the authorities should have known he was a potential threat .
But sources familiar with the inquiry have rejected those fears . They told Reuters he had appeared on MI5 's radar when they were looking into `` multiple plots '' in Luton , a town 35 miles ( 55 km ) north of London , where he was living about five years ago .
Masood 's name came up in a probe into a network suspected of helping people travel from Britain to jihadi groups in Afghanistan and Pakistan , a European government source said , but nothing they have found ties him to any group , faction or known radical preachers .
Instead , investigators suspect it was reading and watching extremist material online that led him to plough a rented Hyundai car into pedestrians on London 's Westminster Bridge last week killing three people , before charging into the walled grounds of parliament and stabbing a policeman to death .
He was shot dead after an attack that lasted 82 seconds .
`` I have no evidence he discussed this with others . Whilst I have found no evidence of an association with IS or AQ , there is clearly an interest in Jihad , '' said Neil Basu , Senior National Coordinator for UK Counterterrorism Policing , referring to Islamic State and al Qaeda .
The police investigation also strongly points to Masood being a so-called `` lone wolf '' , carrying out the kind of attack Islamic State spokesman Abu Mohammed al Adnani called for when the group was at the peak of its power in late 2014 .
Since last Wednesday , police have arrested 12 people close to Masood in connection with the attack . Just one remains in custody and all but one of the others have been told they face no further action .
However , media reports say Masood accessed the encrypted messaging service WhatsApp moments before the attack , leaving open the possibility someone else could have been involved .
`` Whilst we believe at this stage Masood acted alone in his execution of the attack , our investigation continues to establish whether there are any others involved in any way and I do emphasise this is a live investigation , '' Craig Mackey , acting head of London police , said on Wednesday .
When and how he became radicalised is now the main focus of the investigation . The authorities say stints he spent in prison are probably not the answer , since he was last released more than a decade ago .
Senior counter-terrorism figures have warned in the past that some people had become radicalised in just weeks via material they accessed over the internet , and said IS and others deliberately targeted those they saw as vulnerable .
They point to cases such as that of Roshonara Choudhry who went from a high-flying university student to stabbing a British lawmaker in 2010 just months after she started listening to online radical sermons by Anwar al-Awlaki , a Web-savvy U.S.-born Yemeni al Qaeda preacher who was later killed in a drone strike .
Farasat Latif , a former director of an English language school in Luton where Masood taught , said he had shown no inclination towards violent jihadism at the time he would have been on MI5 's radar in about 2012 .
`` He was more apolitical than any Muslim I 've known . There was no interest at all , '' Latif told Reuters . `` I just remember him being polite , pleasant , friendly , and inquisitive about Islam . ''
Latif said he has encountered radicals before : he knew Taymour Abdulwahab , a Swedish national who briefly lived and worshipped at Latif 's mosque in Luton before carrying out a suicide bombing in Stockholm in 2010 .
`` I have come across a number of people who have gone on to do some stupid things , and with some you 're not surprised to a certain extent , '' he said . `` When I knew ( Masood ) , he was n't a violent radical . ''
POPULAR AND SPORTY
Recollections of schoolfriends , acquaintances and neighbours paint a picture of an intelligent man with a fierce temper who lived an itinerant life , while his jail terms bear testimony to his willingness to use knives when riled .
Masood was born Adrian Elms on Christmas day 1964 to a single mother in the Dartford area of Kent to the southeast of London . He was raised Adrian Ajao , taking his step-father 's surname when his mother married , although he used both names and a number of aliases during his life .
The family lived in Tunbridge Wells , an affluent town in Kent , and schoolfriends remember him as popular , sporty and intelligent . After leaving school he was drawn into a life of crime and drugs with his first conviction coming when he was 19 in 1983 for criminal damage .
In the early 1990s , his life appeared more settled after he married businesswoman Jane Harvey and they moved to rural East Sussex , living in a smart house in the village Northiam near the south coast .
His lawyer Alexander Taylor-Camara later said Masood had moved to the area `` to try and give his family and himself a better and more tranquil way of life '' .
Their life together came to end in 2000 after he was jailed for two years for slashing a man across the face with a knife in a pub parking lot . One former friend , Lee Lawrence , told papers that Masood had reportedly raged on the day : `` I want some blood . I want to kill someone '' .
After jail he moved to the nearby seaside town of Eastbourne where those who knew him told media he became a heavy drug user and got into bodybuilding . Another knife offence saw him returned to prison in 2003 .
Following his release from prison he married his second wife Farzana Isaq in 2004 , but the Daily Mirror newspaper said the marriage lasted just three months until she fled their home because he was violent and controlling .
He changed his name to Khalid Masood in 2005 and between then and 2008 , he spent two one-year stints in Saudi Arabia where he worked as an English teacher .
`` During his time in Saudi Arabia , Khalid Masood did not appear on the security services ' radar and does not have a criminal record in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , '' the Saudi embassy in London said .
On his return to Britain , he moved to Luton where he lived with his third wife , Rohey Hydara from the Gambia , and two young children . He taught adults at the English Language Adventure School where its former director Latif recalls he was a good teacher and enjoyed a positive rapport with students and staff .
Latif said Masood had no time for the radical groups who were active in the town at the time .
`` He was more focused on his family , his daughters , his wife , his career and more about the basic tenets of Islam , '' he said .
`` I think Islam was the thing he felt was going to help him clean up . His focus in life was to stay on the straight and narrow . ''
His movements after Luton are not clear . Sometime in 2013 he moved to east London , and he returned to Saudi Arabia briefly in 2015 . Neighbours said he had been living in the Winson Green area of Birmingham with his family for about seven months before they suddenly moved out last December .
Hydara returned to east London while he stayed in Birmingham . He was living in an apartment in the Edgbaston area until last week 's attack .
`` I know when , where and how Masood committed his atrocities , but now I need to know why , '' Basu said . `` We must all accept that there is a possibility we will never understand why he did this . That understanding may have died with him . ''
( Additional reporting by Guy Faulconbridge in London ; Editing by Peter Graff )
THUNDER BAY , Ont . — Police in Thunder Bay , Ont. , are appealing for witnesses to an assault to come forward after video of the incident was shared on social media .
Investigators say the cellphone video shows a male striking a female , but the time and date of the incident are not known .
They say it 's believed the incident occurred in the vicinity of Water and Camelot streets .
Police say they are appealing to those who witnessed the incident to come forward and provide investigators with more information .
Fitch Rates Intel 's $ 600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering ' A+ '
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) CHICAGO , June 14 ( Fitch ) Fitch Ratings has assigned an ' A+ ' rating to Intel Corporation 's ( Intel ) $ 600 million seven-year senior notes offering . Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes , ahead of the company 's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. ( Mobileye ) . Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017 . Pro forma fo
MILAN/LONDON ( Reuters ) - European shares suffered their biggest weekly loss in more than a year on Friday as investors ' appetite for risk dried up and disappointing results from Deutsche Bank dragged the heavyweight banking sector down .
A more than five percent drop in shares of the German lender and losses across all sectors dragged the pan-European STOXX 600 index down 1.4 percent , suffering its fifth straight session of declines .
It was down 3.1 percent on the week , its worst weekly loss since November 2016 .
Germany 's DAX .GDAXI was the worst-hit , tumbling 1.7 percent on Friday to seal its biggest weekly fall in two years .
European stocks have been pushed lower by rising bond yields on expectations of tighter monetary policy , partly erasing January 's gains when investors piled into stocks on optimism over global growth .
“ The stock market can not always go up and multiples are very high . The least bit of dust can gum up the works . European equities are weighed down by extreme strength in the euro as the market prices in future changes to monetary policy , ” said Marco Vailati , head of research at Italy 's Cassa Lombarda .
Vailati said European shares were more vulnerable than their U.S. peers to a possible pull back because earnings growth expectations were stable , whereas those for U.S. companies were being revised upwards thanks to measures there to cut taxes .
Bank of America Merrill-Lynch strategists said record equity inflows year-to-date had pushed their Bull & Bear indicator up to a ‘ sell ' signal , predicting a downturn ahead for stocks .
On Friday the banking sector .SX7P , which benefited at the start of the year from a rotation into cyclical stocks , tumbled 1.1 percent . The index had its worst week in six months .
Deutsche Bank ( DBKGn.DE ) shares dropped 6.2 percent , having hit its lowest level since November earlier in the session .
It posted its third consecutive annual loss in 2017 , taking a hit from challenging markets , a drop in investment bank revenue and a U.S. tax reform , after a difficult fourth quarter .
“ Consensus is yet to fully reflect the earlier profit warning , let alone today 's additional revenue miss and the disappointing cost guidance , ” said Citi analysts , adding they expect consensus earnings forecasts to reduce materially .
Bank stocks were also weighed by declines of around three percent in Spanish banks Caixabank ( CABK.MC ) and Sabadell ( SABE.MC ) following their quarterly updates .
“ Both CaixaBank and Sabadell results look a little disappointing . Fourth-quarter numbers decidedly mixed for both , but the guidance towards a brighter outlook may offer partial support , ” said Jefferies analysts .
Outside the financials sector , industrials stocks were the biggest weight on the STOXXE , with Airbus ( AIR.PA ) falling 3.5 percent after a downgrade from Credit Suisse .
Mining and materials stocks .SXPP sank 2.7 percent , accelerating losses after the U.S. open .
Nokian Tyres ( NRE1V.HE ) was the biggest faller after results , down 7 percent following weak Russian sales figures .
A controversial decision to cut down a live oak tree in Ocean Springs has a happy twist . Part of that tree on Lovers Lane has been transformed into a piece of art
Dec 11 ( Reuters ) - Xped Ltd :
* MADE AN INVESTMENT IN MARKETPLACE SERVICES PTY LTD
* INVESTMENT CONSISTS OF AN ALLOCATION OF 25 MILLION SHARES FOR 5.5 % SHAREHOLDING IN MARKETPLACE SERVICES PTY LTD Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UNITED NATIONS The United Nations Security Council voted unanimously on Thursday to end its 13-year-long peacekeeping mission in Haiti and replace it with a smaller police , which would be drawn down after two years as the country boosts its own force .
The peacekeeping mission , one of the longest running in the world and known as MINUSTAH , has been dogged by controversies , including the introduction of cholera to the island and sexual abuse claims .
The 15-member Security Council acknowledged the completion of Haiti 's presidential election , along with the inauguration of its new president , as a `` major milestone towards stabilization '' in the Caribbean country .
`` What we now need is a newly configured mission which is focussed on the rule of law and human rights in Haiti , '' British U.N . Ambassador Matthew Rycroft said on his way into the meeting .
`` Peacekeepers do fantastic work but they are very expensive and they should be used only when needed , '' Rycroft said . `` We strongly support the ending of this mission turning it into something else . And I think we 'll see the same thing elsewhere . ''
The shutdown of the $ 346 million ( £277 million ) mission , recommended by U.N. chief Antonio Guterres , comes as the United States looks to cut its funding of U.N. peacekeeping . Washington is the largest contributor , paying 28.5 percent of the total budget .
There are 2,342 U.N. troops in Haiti , who will withdraw over the coming six months . The new mission will be established for an initial six months , from Oct. 16 , 2017 to April 15 , 2018 , and is projected to exit two years after its establishment .
Lucien Jura , a spokesman for Haitian President Jovenel Moise , paid tribute to the U.N. mission .
`` The U.N. has held our hands to help us through very difficult steps , but we can not indefinitely depend on them for the country 's security and stability , '' he said .
U.N. peacekeepers were deployed to Haiti in 2004 when a rebellion led to the ouster and exile of then-President Jean-Bertrand Aristide . It is the only U.N. peacekeeping mission in the Americas .
Haiti suffered a two-year political crisis until the recent election and inauguration of Moise as president . It has suffered major natural disasters , including an earthquake in 2010 and Hurricane Matthew last year . But the impoverished Caribbean country has not had an armed conflict in years .
U.N. peacekeepers have been accused of sexual abuse and blamed for the cholera outbreak . Haiti was free of cholera until 2010 , when peacekeepers dumped infected sewage into a river .
The United Nations does not accept legal responsibility for the outbreak of the disease , which causes uncontrollable diarrhoea . Some 9,300 people have died and more than 800,000 sickened due to cholera and Haiti 's government believes the United Nations still has work to do on it .
`` The U.N. promised to help eradicate the disease in the country and assist families who lost their loved ones . We expect the U.N. to fulfil its commitments , '' said Moise spokesman Jura .
( Additional reporting by Joseph Guyler Delva in Port-au-Prince ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and James Dalgleish )
A woman was killed and at least 19 people were injured Saturday after a “ Unite the Right ” white nationalist rally drew attendees and counter-demonstrators into confrontation on the streets of Charlottesville , Virginia .
The woman , 32-year-old Heather Heyer , died after a car intentionally plowed through a crowd of counter-demonstrators as the rally broke up , authorities said .
That attack followed a Friday night march through the University of Virginia 's campus by hundreds of torch-bearing white supremacists who witnesses said chanted “ white lives matter ” and anti-Semitic slurs .
The deadly violence was the climax of a chaotic weekend that was initially stirred by a gathering in protest of the planned removal of a Confederate memorial statute .
Here are five things to know about what happened .
1 . Conflict Grew from Fight Over Confederate Statue
The weekend 's confrontation evolved from escalating tensions over Charlottesville 's proposed removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a public park .
In May , a nighttime protest that included prominent white nationalist Richard Spencer gathered around the statue bearing torches , reports Time .
And on July 8 , more than 50 members of the Ku Klux Klan — who traveled from North Carolina to rally against the city 's action — were met by more than 1,000 people who turned out to protest against them , according to The New York Times .
The call for white nationalists to converge again this past weekend led those on both sides of the city 's decision to organize .
Right-wing blogger Jason Kessler , who reportedly organized the “ Unite the Right ” rally , acknowledged the conflict over the Confederate symbol but said in an interview , “ This is about an anti-white climate within the Western world and the need for white people to have advocacy like other groups do , ” according to Time .
On the eve of Saturday 's planned event , a crowd of white supremacists carrying torches marched through the University of Virginia campus chanting “ white lives matter ” and “ you will not replace us . ”
2 . Victim Died ‘ Doing What Was Right , ' Her Mother Says
Saturday 's rally devolved into violence as demonstrators and counter-demonstrators clashed , hurling projectiles and engaging in fisticuffs .
The assembly was declared unlawful by authorities , and police moved to break up the crowds . As one gathering of counter-demonstrators walked downtown , a car revved and raced into them .
Heyer , a paralegal , was struck and killed . The driver then fled the scene .
“ She died doing what was right . My heart is broken , but I am forever proud of her , ” Heyer 's mother said , according to a GoFundMe page set up to help her family and which quickly exceeded its goal to raise $ 50,000 .
Heyer 's friend and former co-worker Marissa Blair said she was saved when Blair 's fiancé , Marcus Martin , pushed Blair out of the way of the oncoming vehicle , according to the Times . Although Blair walked away with only a scraped arm and a leg bruise , Martin attended a later memorial service for Heyer in a wheelchair with a broken leg .
“ We were just marching around , spreading love — and then the accident happened , ” Blair said . “ In a split second you see a car , and you see bodies flying . ”
3 ) Suspect 's Mom Thought He Was Attending ‘ Something to Do With Trump '
Police identified the suspected driver as 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. of Maumee , Ohio , according to CNN , Washington Post and the Associated Press . He is being held on charges of second-degree murder , malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death .
He was denied bond during an initial court appearance on Monday . It is unclear if he has retained an attorney .
Fields grew up in Kentucky and recently moved to Ohio with his mother , Samantha Bloom , according to NPR . Bloom said she was aware that her son had planned to attend a rally in Virginia , but she was unaware that it was focused on white nationalism .
“ I thought it had something to do with Trump , ” she said . “ Trump 's not a supremacist . ”
One of Fields ' high school teachers has since spoken out about what he claims were his former student 's apparent white-nationalist ideologies , including an admiration for the Nazi military .
4 . Republicans Among Critics of Trump 's Initial Response
In the immediate aftermath of the incident , President Donald Trump spoke out against the violence in Charlottesville .
However , in remarks that immediately drew rebuke , Trump did not explicitly lay blame on the white supremacists — instead insisting that “ bigotry and hatred ” was coming from “ many sides , ” even as the U.S. attorney general , Jeff Sessions , said the car attack “ does meet the definition of domestic terrorism , ” according to the Times .
Trump 's initial statement sparked a backlash as critics said the embattled president 's remarks did n't go far enough to specifically condemn the prejudice and racism at the root of the violence .
On Monday , a member of the president 's American Manufacturing Council , Ken Frazier of Merck pharmaceuticals , who is African-American , resigned from the council to protest Trump 's response and noted that he himself was taking “ a stand against intolerance and extremism . ”
“ America 's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy , which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal , ” Frazier said in a statement posted to Twitter .
Trump mocked the stand , responding with a Tweet of his own that Frazier “ will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! ”
On Monday , nearly 48 hours after the attack , Trump said , “ Racism is evil , ” the Times reports .
The president added , “ Those who commit violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans . ”
5 . Two Police Died in an Incident Related to Conflict
Two Virginia state troopers , Jay Cullen and Berke Bates , also died in a helicopter crash Saturday near the demonstrations .
The state police said in a statement that the helicopter was “ assisting public safety resources with the ongoing situation ” when it crashed in a wooded area .
“ Three people died who did n't have to die , ” Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer said . “ So we 're praying for them and their families and loved ones . ”
× State senator would ‘ encourage ' other legislators to carry guns on campus after D.C. shooting
OLYMPIA , Wash. – A state senator who has a concealed weapons permit said he would tell his fellow legislators to carry guns on and off the Capitol campus .
“ I would encourage them to , ” State Senator Phil Fortunato , R-Auburn , said when asked if other legislators should carry guns on the campus . “ Because we are responsible for our own personal safety . ”
Washington State Patrol said concealed carry weapons are allowed on the Capitol campus with a proper permit .
Q13 News spoke with Fortunato following a shooting in Virginia at a GOP congressional baseball practice that injured five people , including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
After the shooting , a director of security with the state Senate sent an email to Senators reminding them to watch an `` Active Shooter Survival '' video available on an internal server . It also encouraged senators to report suspicious people or activity on campus .
According to the Washington State Patrol , troopers patrol the Capitol building grounds and beef up security when a protest is planned . Each chamber has security , and individual threats are investigated by a special task force .
Governor Jay Inslee is the only state politician with a dedicated security detail . Fortunato said he carries a concealed weapon not only for his safety , but for that of others visiting the state Capitol building .
`` What would happen if a crazy guy came in and pulled out a gun and just started shooting people , and we had to wait for security to respond ? '' Fortunato asked . `` How many lives would be lost by the time that person started doing the deed until the time he was neutralized ? ''
An avid sportsman and guns rights advocate , Fortunato said he practices shooting often . He said he is concerned with an `` infringement on people 's right to carry . ''
Prosecutors drop murder case over detective misconduct
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) — Prosecutors have dropped murder charges against a man due to a judge 's ruling that a former Philadelphia detective engaged in `` outrageous '' misconduct .
The Philadelphia Inquirer reports the city District Attorney 's Office declined to appeal the judge 's ruling in connection with Darnell Powell 's case during a court hearing Tuesday .
Powell was facing a potential life sentence in connection with the shooting that killed 22-year-old Eliezer Mendez in Philadelphia in 2015 .
Powell 's lawyer had filed to dismiss the case after it was revealed that detective Philip Nordo had regularly deposited money into the prison account of a witness to the shooting .
The police department fired Nordo last year , saying he `` knowingly '' socialized with people associated with criminal conduct .
The Inquirer was unsuccessful in reaching Nordo for comment .
___
Information from : The Philadelphia Inquirer , http : //www.inquirer.com
Toronto police resume dig at home where Bruce McArthur worked as landscaper
The investigation into alleged serial killer Bruce McArthur has triggered an internal police probe . ( Photo by THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Toronto police say they will resume digging at a property where accused serial killer Bruce McArthur worked as a landscaper .
Police have already found the remains of seven men buried in planters at the property in midtown Toronto .
McArthur , 66 , has been charged with first-degree murder in the deaths of eight men with ties to Toronto 's gay village .
“ We originally did a dig at the property over the winter and nothing was found , ” police spokeswoman Meaghan Gray said .
“ Then we decided to go back and revisit all the properties ( where McArthur worked ) again when the springtime hit and the thaw was done . ”
Canine units found “ a number of different spots ” of interest on the property when they returned in the spring , Gray said .
Police dogs also searched about 100 other properties with links to McArthur 's landscaping business but found nothing , she said .
The excavation began Wednesday and is expected to last multiple weeks , Gray said .
McArthur , currently in custody at a west Toronto jail , is alleged to have killed Selim Esen , Skandaraj Navaratnam , Andrew Kinsman , Majeed Kayhan , Dean Lisowick , Soroush Mahmudi , Abdulbasir Faizi and Kirushna Kanagaratnam .
His case is scheduled to return to court on July 23 .
Related : Alleged Toronto serial killer buried dismembered victims ' remains in planter boxes : Cops
Related : Alleged Toronto serial killer charged with 8th count of first-degree murder
Related : Alleged Toronto serial killer previously questioned , released by police
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
In Germany this year , the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation . Today , as the number of churchgoers dwindles , the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person .
In the eastern city of Magdeburg , the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine .
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon , most fumble around in handbags and pockets , looking for their cellphones .
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening , these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books .
This is a Twitter service , where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online .
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it 's an experiment . He believes that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers , even in today 's increasingly secular society .
`` There are lots of people who live online , '' he says . `` We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that 's comfortable to them . ''
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern , a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about his sermon . Above them , a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which , in real time , shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany .
`` Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers , '' Reimann says . `` So if you use social media , it 's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church , but Christians communicating among each other . ''
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on , embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants .
Five-hundred years ago , when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church , it was the then relatively new printing press that helped his challenge to papal authority to `` go viral . ''
Luther 's supporters printed his radical ideas in pamphlets . Cheap to produce and easy to distribute , these pamphlets fostered public debate .
Ulrike Zitzlsperger , a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England , says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther 's day .
`` I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong , '' Zitzlsperger says . `` You 've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public , the lay people . Everybody has a say . ''
Luther 's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own . These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy .
Today though , it 's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe .
Back in Magdeburg , the Twitter service is in full swing . Messages from around Germany , where dozens of others participated , are displayed on the church 's interactive screen in front of the altar .
Some posts are encouraging , like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German , `` We all make mistakes . God will show us the right way . ''
Some users share their private prayers , like one who posts : `` I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health . ''
Other users are less convinced . `` Sorry , this is too hectic , '' one writes . `` I go to church to find inner peace . I 'm signing off . ''
It 's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner , who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over . Brunner does n't own a smartphone , so she feels somewhat left out .
`` It was certainly interesting , but it 's not my cup of tea '' Brunner admits . `` I 'm a little old for Twitter . I prefer a proper service , when we get to sing hymns . ''
While Brunner says she 's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout , regular churchgoers like her would rather sing than tweet .
After all , congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation .
Jack Mckenna
Writer
According to figures gathered by The Scotsman , there has been a significant decrease since 2000 in Scottish-domiciled medical students in Scottish universities . The 12 % decline – 63 % in 2000 to the current 51 % – comes despite an overall rise in medical places and a country-wide lack of GPs .
Given the inclination of medical students to practice in their own countries , Scotland is now facing a predicted shortage of 828 medical students by 2021 . Medical spokesmen Dr Miles Mack , chair of the Royal College of General Practitioners ( RCGP ) , and Dr Alan McDevitt of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) have both raised concerns indicating the necessity for greater accessibility to medical schools , and the need for practitioners strongly connected to their communities .
What that 51 % means is that out of 4,455 medical places in Scottish universities , only 2,275 went to Scottish residents last year . In an attempt to remedy those figures , the Scottish government has established the country 's first graduate-level medicine course – a four-year degree programme seeking to address the current recruitment shortage .
40 places will be available to graduates from any discipline , and the course is hoped to treat the current crisis .
Speaking to The Scotsman , Miles Briggs , Shadow Health Secretary , said : “ If the percentage of Scots students studying medicine had been maintained at the level of 1999-2000 , hundreds more Scots medics would be being trained now which would help address the recruitment crisis in general practice and other specialties . ”
May 3 American International Group Inc :
* AIG says authorized repurchase of additional shares of AIG common stock with an aggregate purchase price of up to $ 2.5 billion Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 12 Swire Pacific Ltd
* Board Changes
* Loo Kar Pui Paul will be appointed as an executive director of Cathay Pacific
* Chu Kwok Leung Ivan will step down as chairman of Hong Kong Dragon Airlines Limited , a unit of Cathay Pacific Source ( bit.ly/2p4NHqQ ) Further company coverage :
× Missing 11-year-old girl last seen New Year 's Day
WASHINGTON , D.C. — Police are looking for an 11-year-old girl who was last seen around 1:30 p.m. on Sunday in Northeast DC .
The missing girl , Breaniya Todd , is a black female with a medium complexion . She is 5 ' 1″ , 130 lbs , with black hair in a fade style and brown eyes . She has a mole on her left cheek .
She was last seen wearing a blue jacket , red shirt , blue jeans , and black and yellow Jordan shoes .
Anyone with information about Todd is asked to call the CIC at ( 202 ) 727-9099 , or Youth and Family Services at ( 202 ) 576-6768 .
April 28 Tpi Composites Inc
* Tpi and vestas sign wind blade supply agreement for latin america
* Tpi and vestas sign wind blade supply agreement for latin america
* Tpi composites inc - signed a multiyear supply agreement with vestas wind systems a/s to provide blades from two manufacturing lines
* Tpi composites inc - signed a multiyear supply agreement for v136 wind turbine for markets in central and south america Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 10 Following are match-by-match facts and statistics ahead of Tuesday 's Champions League quarter-final first legs ( 1845 GMT ) :
Juventus v Barcelona
* The two sides last met in the Champions League final in 2015 which Barça won 3-1
* Barça are in the quarter-finals for the 10th season in a row
* Juventus have not lost a European match at home since April 2013 when Bayern Munich beat them 2-0
* Juventus are unbeaten in the Champions League this season
* Barcelona have lost two of their last three away games in the competition
* Barcelona have won eight of their 11 two-legged ties against Italian clubs
Borussia Dortmund v Monaco
* Dortmund host Monaco in the first competitive fixture between the two sides .
* Dortmund have only been beaten at home by a French side on one previous occasion -- Marseille in December 2011 .
* Monaco are making their fourth appearance in the Champions League quarter-finals
* Dortmund are featuring in the last eight for the third time in the last five seasons .
* Dortmund have won three and lost seven of their last 10 matches in the Champions League knockout stages .
* Monaco have the worst defensive record of all the quarter-finalists , having conceded 13 this season .
* Monaco have not reached the semi-finals since 2004 , when they went on to reach the final . ( Reporting by Brian Homewood and Ed Dove ; Editing by Ian Chadband )
A police officer who pulled over an unlicensed driver went the extra mile when he paid for and helped the woman sit her driver 's licence test .
Highway patrol officer Senior Constable Neale Williams pulled over the Hamilton mother in January when he recognised the car she was driving as one he earlier impounded .
To help get the driver back on the road legally Williams acted as a reader for the woman , who did not want to be named , during her theory test to overcome literacy problems that had held her back in the past .
And when she failed he paid for her to retake the test immediately – and she passed .
Advertisement
`` The reward was the look on her face , '' Williams said . `` For most people it might not be a big thing , but for her it was like winning Lotto . ''
When Williams pulled the car over last month the woman gave false details and was arrested .
It emerged she had been disqualified from driving eight years earlier and had never tried to requalify because she was embarrassed by her problems reading and writing .
`` I phoned NZ Transport Agency and confirmed what she had to do to obtain her licence , '' Williams said .
`` She did n't know you could have a reader at the test . I offered to be hers . ''
Williams then recommended an app and the woman studied road theory with the help of her son .
A week later on January 31 she sat the test with the senior constable reading the questions .
`` My shift was changed so I could get there , '' Williams said . `` She failed with 31 out of 35 - you 're only allowed to get three wrong . She had clearly studied , though , as the mistakes were silly ones .
`` She could n't afford to pay for the test again so I paid for a second go . I thought if we do n't do it now it 'll go into the too-hard basket . Second time she passed with room to spare . ''
Williams then took the woman to the Hamilton Central Police Station and helped her with appeal forms for the return of her impounded vehicle .
The woman , who had been before the courts in the past , still faces charges of driving while forbidden and giving false details .
`` I hope this positive experience of police will help her see us as 'not the problem ' and that she 'll continue to take the right steps , '' Williams said .
Although the case might appear trivial compared to other police work , Williams said it was about making a difference .
`` If we ca n't invest a little time and effort in people , what hope is there for them ? ''
The woman said through police she has now booked the practical part of the requalification test for next week .
`` He was so cool , '' she said of Williams . `` I 'm so thankful to him . I gave him a big hug and there were a couple of tears . ''
Williams ' supervisor , Acting Sergeant Will Hamilton , said the episode was `` the perfect demonstration of the essence and spirit '' of police work .
`` Senior Constable Williams has set the bar for going the extra mile and delivering the outcomes we all strive for , '' he said .
`` I 'm proud of and him and will continue to enable and support him to produce positive outcomes like this . ''
Speech to Text for Brazil Water Main Break
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video .
break '' in brazil .. knocks-out `` the water supply '' .. to most of the city . `` emergency crews '' are on the scene `` right now '' working to fi the issue . `` officials say '' .. it was an `` 18 '' - inch break to the main line on u-s highway- '' 40 '' just past `` th knightsville flashing lights '' . `` city officials '' tell `` news 10 '' .. water in brazil and surrounding communities will be `` off '' for several hours to allow crews to repair the break . `` drivers '' are also asked to slo down .. or , to simply avoid the area all together `` if '' possible . `` news 10 '' will continue to monitor this situation .. and pass along `` any '' and `` all updates '' . it looks like `` it 's groundhog day '' .. for the nation 's
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
On the Wednesday edition of Breitbart News Daily , broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern , Breitbart Editor-in-Chief Alex Marlow will continue our discussion of President Trump 's first 100 days .
Frank Gaffney of the Center for Security Policy and retired Lt. Gen. Jerry Boykin will discuss Mike Flynn 's resignation as Trump 's National Security Advisor .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Peter Schweizer , author of the bestselling book Clinton Cash and President of the Government Accountability Institute , will also discuss the deep state 's coup against Flynn and the Trump administration .
Mark Krikorian , the Executive Director of the Center for Immigration Studies , to discuss the reports of alleged increased deportations and the Trump administration 's efforts to stop sanctuary cities .
Breitbart Jerusalem editor Aaron Klein will discuss Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's upcoming visit to the White House and what it portends for the future of U.S. relations with Israel .
Live from London , Rome , and Jerusalem , Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news .
Breitbart News Daily is the first live , conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week . SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “ the conservative news show of record . ”
Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show . Listeners may call into the show at : 866-957-2874 .
ST PETERSBURG Russian authorities have made safe an explosive device found in a residential building in St Petersburg , the TASS news agency reported on Thursday .
A law enforcement source told Reuters that fire engines had turned up at the building in question and that people living in flats on two stairwells had been evacuated .
The city is still reeling after a bomb ripped through the St Petersburg metro on Monday , killing 14 people .
( Reporting by Polina Nikolskaya ; Writing by Alexander Winning ; Editing by Andrew Osborn )
March 30 MLS Co Ltd
* Says it plans to buy LEDvance GmbH for up to 4.0 billion yuan ( $ 580.67 million ) via cash , share issue
* Says it aims to raise up to 1.26 billion yuan in private placement of shares to fund the acquisition , lighting projects
Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2mS3KI1
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 6.8886 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
Carsten Kengeter , CEO of Deutsche Boerse attends the initial public offering of Scale at the Frankfurt stock exchange in Frankfurt , Germany March 1 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
FRANKFURT Deutsche Boerse 's ( DB1Gn.DE ) supervisory board is reluctant to approve quickly an extension of Chief Executive Carsten Kengeter 's contract following the German exchange operator 's failed merger with the London Stock Exchange ( LSE.L ) , two people close to the matter said .
Carsten Kengeter 's contract as Chief Executive is due to expire in March 2018 .
German blue-chip firms usually renew board member contracts a year before they expire , but such a contract extension is not a priority for Deutsche Boerse 's directors , who are due to meet in late April , the sources said .
Deutsche Boerse declined to comment on Kengeter 's possible contract extension .
One of the main factors preventing Deutsche Boerse from giving Kengeter another full term is a pending investigation into insider trading , the sources said .
German financial watchdog Bafin handed over the findings of an investigation into allegations of insider dealing against Kengeter to public prosecutors in February .
Kengeter and Deutsche Boerse deny that a share purchase programme , awarded shortly before Deutsche Boerse announced merger talks with the LSE , amounted to anything improper .
Some investors have already said that they would like Kengeter to be replaced if he is officially charged by public prosecutors .
A spokeswoman for the Frankfurt prosecutor 's office on Wednesday said it remained unclear how long the insider trading investigation would take to be concluded .
The merger , which was the exchanges ' fifth attempt to combine , would have created Europe 's biggest stock exchange , but was struck down by European regulators after LSE failed to comply with a small antitrust-related demand .
Kengeter has been criticised for underestimating the political dimension of the merger and failing to assure political backing in Germany .
( Reporting by Kathrin Jones and Hans Seidenstücker ; Writing by Arno Schuetze . Editing by Jane Merriman )
LUSAKA ( Reuters ) - Zambia plans to drop treason charges against the country 's main opposition leader and free him from prison on Monday under a deal brokered by the Commonwealth secretary-general , government and legal sources told Reuters .
The United Party for National Development ( UPND ) leader Hakainde Hichilema and five others were arrested in April and charged with treason after Hichilema 's convoy failed to make way for President Edgar Lungu 's motorcade .
Hichilema 's trial had been due to begin on Monday in the capital Lusaka but two sources said the prosecution would apply to the court to discontinue the case .
The case has stoked political tensions in Zambia , seen as one of Africa 's more stable and functional democracies , following a bruising election last year .
Commonwealth Secretary-General Patricia Scotland visited Zambia last week and told reporters she had met Lungu and Hichilema separately and that the two leaders had agreed to a process of dialogue facilitated by her office .
`` That process of dialogue , which the Commonwealth Secretary-General Baroness Patricia Scotland is leading with the help of Catholic bishops , starts with the release of the opposition leader from prison , '' a government source told Reuters on Sunday , referring to local religious leaders .
`` The state will discontinue the treason case in the public interest as both the opposition leader and the head of state are committed to burying their past and starting dialogue envisaged to help address some of the issues the opposition raised after the 2016 elections so that the 2021 elections are better held . ''
A spokesman for the UPND said the party was unaware of any plan to release Hichilema .
`` We do n't have anything on that . We are not privy to the agreement that was entered into between the two leaders and therefore can only wait for tomorrow , '' UPND spokesman Charles Kakoma said .
The UPND later said that Hichilema and his co-accused were transferred from Mukobeko Maximum Prison - about 130 km ( 81 miles ) north of the capital - to Lusaka Central Prison .
`` They were airlifted this morning and have arrived safely in Lusaka , '' the party said .
The government source said Lungu is committed to all aspects of the dialogue agreed between the president and the opposition leader , which include promoting peace , stability and public good .
`` An overt act serious enough to warrant prosecution exists but the public interest seems to be the overriding consideration , so a nolle prosequi will be entered , '' a public prosecutor told Reuters , using the legal term for the discharge of a case .
The southern African country has always been relatively stable but relations between the government and the opposition have been fraught since August when Lungu 's Patriotic Front ( PF ) beat the UPND in a presidential election marred by violence and which the opposition says was rigged .
It was the second time that Lungu beat Hichilema , an economist and businessman popularly known by his initials `` HH '' , in a presidential election by a razor-thin margin .
Lee Habasonda , a political science lecturer at the University of Zambia , said Hichilema 's release would ease political tension , improve Zambia 's image with investors and end mounting international pressure on Lungu 's government .
`` In the face of Zambia seeking international assistance , it is time to make such a move because the state does not lose anything by releasing the opposition leader and dealing with him in other ways , '' Habasonda told Reuters .
In June , church leaders including those from the influential Catholic church , called for Hichilema 's release .
Last month Lungu invoked emergency powers to deal with `` acts of sabotage '' by his political opponents , after fire gutted the country 's biggest market .
Under emergency laws police can prohibit public meetings , detain suspects longer than usual , search without a warrant , close roads , impose curfews and restrict certain people 's movements .
The UPND has said Lungu 's use of emergency powers is unnecessary and a ploy to make it easier for police to arrest its supporters .
On Thursday police freed another opposition leader , United Progressive Party leader Saviour Chishimba , after holding him in detention for a week on accusations of defaming Lungu , an offence that carries a maximum five-year prison term .
Chishimba hit the headlines in July after criticizing Lungu 's decision to impose emergency powers and suggesting the president should go to hospital for mental tests .
When he invoked the emergency powers , Lungu said the measure would safeguard investments in the country , which is Africa 's second-biggest copper producer and is currently in talks with the International Monetary Fund over a financial aid package . The president said the IMF was free to terminate the negotiations if it considered his actions were wrong .
Do you hear what I hear ? More than just a memorable holiday song , it 's a question that got the nation talking — talking about Yanny vs. Laurel .
Shortly after a viral audio recording left people wondering why some heard `` Yanny '' and others clearly heard `` Laurel , '' we learned that what you heard has less to do with your auditory system and more to do with the brain .
And the saga continues : A new Northwestern University study has found that bilingual and monolingual people listening to the same person speaking can hear two completely different sounds . The research shows that one 's language experience affects even the most basic cognitive processes , according to Viorica Marian , a professor of communication sciences and disorders and psychology at Northwestern University .
`` With Yanny and Laurel , our brain interprets the sound differently depending on how the neurons fire in our brain and based on the history of our linguistic experiences , '' Marian said . `` We classify the sound waves that come into our ear into linguistic categories that we are familiar with , so we hear a very categorical sound — what happens is the brain interprets the input that comes to us from our senses and transforms it into our perceived reality . ''
Your previous auditory and linguistic experience influences how you perceive the sound around you — the world around you — she said . Case in point : If you find accents easy to understand , you may have taken music lessons at some point in your life . Marian said learning the language of music can change the way your brain processes sound .
And if you thought Yanny and Laurel were perplexing , scope out the McGurk effect — wherein what you see affects what you hear . For example , when people hear a speech sound ( e.g . `` ba '' ) that conflicts with what they see ( e.g . `` ga '' ) , they will often perceive a completely different sound ( e.g . `` da '' ) .
The NU study found that bilinguals are more likely to experience the McGurk effect than monolinguals , because their exposure to another language allows their brain to interpret auditory and visual modalities differently .
`` I think that 's maybe why the Yanny and Laurel thing is so fascinating to people because it 's the same sound , but people hear it so differently , and it 's an illustration of what happens in every aspect of our lives without even realizing it , '' Marian said .
The Yanny/Laurel uproar began after the release of Marian 's study , but she said it and the bilingual/McGurk effect cases are mutually informative .
`` We do n't see with our eyes , we do n't hear with our ears — we perceive with our brain . Our brain interprets the reality of our own lives , '' Marian said . `` The brain takes the input from the ears , takes the input from the eyes and combines them in an interesting way . It 's fascinating . ''
April 10 Orion Group Holdings Inc :
* Orion Group Holdings Inc announces acquisition of central texas concrete construction contractor
* Orion Group Holdings Inc - deal for $ 6 million in cash
* Orion Group Holdings Inc - deal for $ 6 million
* Orion Group Holdings Inc- believe TBC will be neutral to slightly accretive to 2017 earnings
* Orion Group Holdings - sellers have an opportunity to earn additional $ 2 million over three-year period based on achievement of certain financial targets
* Orion Group Holdings Inc says acquisition of Tony Bagliore Concrete Inc
* Orion Group Holdings Inc- will rebrand TBC as TAS commercial concrete and operate under one common brand for commercial concrete segment Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
* New York , other states take on Trump over energy efficiency
* Investors fret over govt ability to deliver on reforms
* Most S & P sectors lower , some defensive sectors up
* Earnings season , Trump-Xi meeting also in focus
* Indexes down : Dow 0.14 pct , S & P 0.26 pct , Nasdaq 0.26 pct ( Updates prices , adds commentary , changes byline )
By Sinead Carew
April 3 Wall Street fell on Monday as investor worries intensified about the Trump administration 's struggles to deliver on its pro-business policies a few weeks before the first-quarter earnings season .
Stocks had risen to record highs on Trump 's promises to cut tax , ease regulations and spend heavily on infrastructure .
The major indexes pared losses in the afternoon . They had tumbled earlier after some U.S. states accused President Donald Trump 's administration of illegally suspending energy efficiency standards .
The challenge came barely two weeks after Republican 's had to pull healthcare reform bill due to a lack of support . Also on Monday , Democrats amassed enough support to block a confirmation vote for Trump 's Supreme Court nominee .
`` If there 's not one big reason ( for the market decline ) , there are many little reasons . Right now I think it 's a little reason day , '' said Brad McMillan , Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial in Waltham , Mass . `` I 'd expect it to trade in a fairly narrow range until something knocks it out of that range . Right now there 's not a lot of meaningful news . ''
While investors still hope Trump can deliver on some of his agenda , they `` are getting nervous and starting to discount some of the benefits they expected to see . ''
`` The opera is not over yet but maybe you can see the end of it from here , '' said McMillan .
Weeks ahead of the start of first quarter earnings season investors would need a clear reason to buy , he added . The S & P 500 is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months , above its long-term average of 15 .
Adding to nerves was news of a explosion in a St Petersburg train tunnel that killed ten people on Monday in what Russian authorities called a probable terrorist attack .
Trump held out the possibility on Sunday of using trade as a lever to secure China 's cooperation against North Korea , in comments that appeared designed to pressure Chinese President Xi Jinping ahead of his first meeting with Trump later this week .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 28.53 points , or 0.14 percent , to 20,634.69 , the S & P 500 lost 6.15 points , or 0.26 percent , to 2,356.57 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 15.47 points , or 0.26 percent , to 5,896.27 .
The CBOE Volatility index , known as Wall Street 's 'fear gauge ' was up 2.5 percent at 12.73 points , on track for its third straight session of gains .
Eight out of 11 major S & P 500 sectors were lower , led by the materials index 's 0.8-percent drop . Two of three positive indexes were telecommunications and real estate - defensive sectors whose predictable but slow growth are often popular in times of uncertainty .
Tesla shares gained as much as 6.9 percent to a record high after the electric carmaker reported record first-quarter vehicle deliveries .
But , other automakers fell after reporting March sales that came in below market expectations . GM dropped 3.7 percent , Fiat Chrysler sank 4.5 percent , while Ford was off 2.4 percent .
NYSE declining issues outnumbered advancers 1.43-to-1 ; on Nasdaq , a 2.18-to-1 ratio favored decliners .
The S & P 500 posted 17 new 52-week highs and 6 new lows ; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 77 new highs and 26 new lows . ( Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan and Sweta Singh in Bengaluru , Rodrigo Campos in New York ; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Nick Zieminski )
Employees at Freightos , an online marketplace for international shipping , with investors including Sadara Ventures , a venture capital fund targeting the Palestinian high-tech sector , work at their offices in Jerusalem March 27 , 2017 . Picture taken March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen
Notes written on a glass panel are seen at the offices of Freightos , an online marketplace for international shipping , with investors including Sadara Ventures , a venture capital fund targeting the Palestinian high-tech sector , in Jerusalem March 27 , 2017 . Picture taken March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen
An employee writes notes on a glass panel at the offices of Freightos , an online marketplace for international shipping , with investors including Sadara Ventures , a venture capital fund targeting the Palestinian high-tech sector , in Jerusalem March 27 , 2017 . Picture taken March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen
Employees at Freightos , an online marketplace for international shipping , with investors including Sadara Ventures , a venture capital fund targeting the Palestinian high-tech sector , work at their offices in Jerusalem March 27 , 2017 . Picture taken March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen
The logo of Freightos , an online marketplace for international shipping , with investors including Sadara Ventures , a venture capital fund targeting the Palestinian high-tech sector , is seen at their offices in Jerusalem March 27 , 2017 . Picture taken March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen
Employees at Freightos , an online marketplace for international shipping , with investors including Sadara Ventures , a venture capital fund targeting the Palestinian high-tech sector , work at their offices in Jerusalem March 27 , 2017 . Picture taken March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen
A woman enters the offices of Freightos , an online marketplace for international shipping , with investors including Sadara Ventures , a venture capital fund targeting the Palestinian high-tech sector , in Jerusalem March 27 , 2017 . Picture taken March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Amir Cohen
TEL AVIV Freightos , an online marketplace for international shipping , said on Wednesday it raised $ 25 million in funding led by GE Ventures , bringing the company 's total funding to date to $ 50 million .
`` This capital raise will help to continue Freightos ' rapid expansion , '' said Zvi Schreiber , founder and chief executive of Freightos , which has headquarters in Jerusalem and an R & D center in Ramallah .
Launched in July , the Freightos Marketplace had a doubling in orders in the first quarter of 2017 over the previous quarter . It has over 10,000 registered users .
The Freightos Marketplace enables freight companies to sell services online and import/export companies to compare , book , and manage shipments . Freightos digitizes freight operations for companies such as Nippon Express , CEVA Logistics , Hellmann Worldwide Logistics and Sysco Foods .
In August , Freightos acquired WebCargoNet , a Barcelona-based provider of air cargo rate management and eBookings .
Investors in Freightos include Sadara Ventures , a venture capital fund targeting the Palestinian high-tech sector , as well as Israel 's Aleph VC , Michigan-based Annox Capital and MSR Capital of Malaysia .
( Reporting by Tova Cohen )
May 2 Italian Wine Brands SpA :
* Says , on April 27 , OGV reduced to zero its stake in the company after sale of 398,750 ordinary shares for total EUR 3.7 million ( $ 4.03 million ) via reverse book building
* OGV shareholders are mainly private equity funds with a short residual time horizon Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9170 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
WASHINGTON/ABUJA President Donald Trump 's administration is pushing forward with plans to sell up to a dozen aircraft to Nigeria 's air force for the fight against the extremist group Boko Haram , sources said on Monday , in a deal that could be worth up to $ 600 million .
The Super Tucano A-29 aircraft , an agile , propeller-driven plane with reconnaissance and surveillance as well as attack capabilities , is made by Brazil 's Embraer . A second production line is in Florida , in a partnership between Embraer and privately held Sierra Nevada Corp of Sparks , Nevada .
Former President Barack Obama 's administration originally agreed on the sale , but delayed it after incidents including the Nigerian Air Force 's bombing of a refugee camp in January that killed 90 to 170 civilians .
The Trump administration wants to push ahead to boost Nigeria 's efforts to fight Boko Haram and bolster hiring in the United States by defence firms .
`` We 've been told that the administration is going to go forward with that transaction , '' a congressional aide said .
Formal notification of the deal has not yet been sent to Congress but is expected shortly . Trump has said he plans to go ahead with foreign defence sales delayed under Obama by human rights concerns .
A senior Nigerian military source in Abuja , Nigeria 's capital , confirmed that the sale would go ahead and said it would also involve training , surveillance and military intelligence `` to support ... the ongoing insurgency war . ''
In March , the Trump administration informed Congress of its plans to pursue a $ 5 billion sale to Bahrain of Lockheed Martin F-16s and related equipment , which had been held up under Obama when Bahrain failed to meet human rights targets .
Reuters first reported the Obama administration 's plan to sell the Embraer aircraft to Nigeria in May 2016 , as a vote of confidence in President Muhammadu Buhari 's drive to reform the military .
The Super Tucano costs more than $ 10 million each and the price can go much higher depending on the configuration . It is powered by a Pratt & Whitney Canada PT 6 engine .
Trump 's plan to move ahead with the Nigerian sale was first reported on Monday by the Associated Press .
The U.S. congressional source said rights concerns remain , despite support for the sale from some lawmakers . There are also questions about whether Nigeria will be able to pay the full $ 600 million for the aircraft , equipment , training and support .
U.S. officials said Buhari raised frustration with delays in the sale in a phone call with Trump in February .
( Additional reporting by Lesley Wroughton and Mike Stone ; Editing by Cynthia Osterman and James Dalgleish )
National Zero Waste Council says consumers are confused about what best-before
A national study says confusing and unnecessary best-before labels are a major cause of food waste in Canada .
The National Zero Waste Council says consumers are confused about what best-before labels actually mean .
It says most dates that appear on products refer only to peak quality and have little to do with whether the food is healthy to eat .
Research has found that almost 400 kilograms of food per person are lost or wasted in Canada every year — one of the highest totals in the world .
The council says consumers are responsible for almost half that waste .
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Paul Foster 's recently opened restaurant in the heart of Stratford-upon-Avon is causing a bit of a stir . But is it worth its… salt ? Vicki Gumbley put it to the test .
Three AA rosettes , a place in the top 50 UK restaurants in The Good Food Guide , the Observer Food Monthly ‘ Young Chef of the Year ' award and a string of excellent national and local reviews under his belt . It 's fair to say that Paul Foster has a lot to live up to .
And it is n't just professional critics whose words he has to live up to : Mr Foster 's restaurant , Salt , got off the ground thanks to a crowdfunding campaign – ordinary diners who had loved his cooking at Leamington Spa 's wonderful Mallory Court backed him to the tune of over £100,000 in just 33 days .
The restaurant opened last year , promising is ‘ relaxed fine dining ' , something which often proves to be an oxymoron . Not so here . The chunky wooden tables are intimately spaced and the atmosphere amiable , highly conducive to sparking up conversations with fellow diners and taking surreptitious glances at their menu choices .
The young team seems to be as passionate and knowledgeable about the menu as the head chef . As well as being beautifully presented , each dish in our generously-portioned tasting menu was introduced and carefully described , right down to where certain ingredients had been sourced , such as the handcrafted butter from Ampersand in Oxfordshire and beef from Aubrey Allen in Warwickshire . Apparently everything is locally sourced – even the crockery .
As well as looking truly stunning , there were no weak links in the tasting menu : every dish surpassed the last in purity of flavour . The beef onglet , wild garlic and sprouting broccoli were divine , succulently dissolving on the tongue . Favourites from the inspired vegetarian tasting menu were the English asparagus , soured cream , pea salad and lovage , closely followed by the Jersey royals with wild garlic and crispy onion , so simple but exquisite .
We plumbed for the optional cheese course , which was served with lavoche bread – handmade using a pasta roller , generously coated with seeds and baked to a crisp – accompanied with a spiced apple chutney .
But it was the desserts that most delighted , particularly the Valrhona chocolate cream , sea buckthorn curd , candied pumpkin seeds and caramelised white chocolate chard – an enchanting combination of surprising flavours .
Paul has received excellent reviews from the likes of Jay Rayner and John Lanchester and it 's not hard to see why . With more than 18 years ' experience in some of the most progressive restaurants in the world , including The French Laundry , Restaurant Sat Bains , Le Manoir aux Quat ' Saisons and WD50 , his vast talent has been put to good use here and certainly makes him one to watch .
The diners next to us described their meal as exceptional . We would have to agree .
Salt , 8 Church Street , Stratford-upon-Avon – book via 01789 263566 or www.salt-restaurant.co.uk . Tasting menu £45 lunch/£65 dinner , wine pairing a further £38 . The à la carte menu is £37 for two courses at dinner , or £45 for three courses .
Galway Bay fm newsroom – A book of condolence for former Taoiseach Liam Cosgrave will be opened at City Hall on Monday .
Mr Cosgrave , who studied Irish in Carna for several years , died on Wednesday aged 97 .
Liam and his brother Micheál were pupils in Scoil na mBuachaillí , Carna during the 1930 's .
Mayor of Galway Pearce Flannery will open a book of condolence for Mr. Cosgrave at City Hall on Monday morning at 11 .
The book will be available to all members of the public to sign during opening hours .
Hamilton Mountain resident Ben Levitt won for the second time the Hamilton West-Ancaster-Dundas provincial Tory nomination race by an overwhelming margin of four to one votes .
Levitt collected 736 votes in the April 24 nomination race held at the Ancaster Fairgrounds to 2015 Hamilton West-Ancaster-Dundas federal Tory candidate Vincent Samuel 's 195 votes . In controversial May 2017 nomination vote held at Ancaster High School there was 1,735 total votes cast .
“ People were motivated , ” said Levitt , 26 , after his victory . “ They came out even in the rain . I feel blessed . ”
A total of 936 votes were cast , with only a few ballots spoiled , said Tory officials .
Levitt and the Hamilton West-Ancaster-Dundas provincial riding association had called on the Ontario Tory party to re-open the nomination after allegations of how the previous nomination process was oversee during the first nomination held last year .
Levitt won at the time on the third ballot with Hamilton lawyer Vikram Singh second and businessman Jeff Peller third . Both Singh and Peller appealed the results of the vote to the party . After party officials rejected their appeals , both sought a judicial review , but eventually they dropped their legal action after reaching an agreement with party officials . Singh was rejected for running for the second nomination .
Levitt received support from Hamilton Mountain Coun . and Flamborough-Glanbrook provincial Tory candidate Donna Skelly , and Flamborough-Glanbrook Tory MP David Sweet . Also at the event was Singh .
“ I definitely believe I have the mandate to be the candidate and I look forward to June 7 , ” said Levitt , who works for Sweet .
Levitt said last February that a new nomination needed to be held because “ it 's the right thing to do . ”
Samuel , who was Hamilton 's Doug Ford organizer for his eventual party leadership win , congratulated Levitt on his victory . Levitt supported Christine Elliott for the party 's leadership position to replace the departed Patrick Brown .
0 Trump pick to head VA in trouble as Senators postpone hearing
President Donald Trump 's decision to elevate the White House physician to lead the Veterans Administration was in peril on Tuesday , as top Senators in both parties announced that a confirmation hearing set this week for Rear Admiral Ronny Jackson would be ‘ postponed until further notice , ' as the Senate requested all documents on “ allegations or incidents ” involving Jackson since 2006 .
“ We take very seriously our constitutional duty to thoroughly and carefully vet each nominee sent to the Senate for confirmation , ” said Sen. Johnny Isakson ( R-GA ) , the Chairman of the Senate Veterans Committee , and Sen. John Tester ( D-MT ) , the top Democrat on that panel .
“ We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review , ” the two said in a joint statement .
The move came amid reports from various news organizations that raised questions about Jackson 's stewardship of the White House Physician 's Office .
The delay of the hearing was a major setback for the White House , again raising questions about vetting operations for nominees in the Trump Administration .
Jackson was already facing questions about whether he was the right person to manage the sprawling VA , which has been beset by a series of troubles in recent years .
“ How did he get through the process with all of these allegations not being made public ? ” asked Senate Democratic Leader Charles Schumer .
“ My guess ? Not proper vetting , ” Schumer said in a speech on the Senate floor .
. @ SenSchumer from Senate floor on VA Sec nominee : `` This Trump Administration has done the worst job of vetting their nominees of any Admin I can remember .. How did he get through the process with all of these allegations not even being made public ? My guess , not proper vetting . '' — Craig Caplan ( @ CraigCaplan ) April 24 , 2018
While acknowledging he was n't there for the decision to nominate Rear Admiral Jackson , Schumer said he could imagine a scenario where the President simply decided on the spur of the moment to nominate the Presidential doctor – without any real review of his qualifications , or possible background issues .
President Trump fired his first VA chief , David Shulkin , in late March .
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
A Cornish paradise for sailors and a magnificent Worcestershire home make our round-up this week .
LONDON , March 28 British housebuilder Redrow said on Tuesday it did not intend to make an offer to buy fellow builder Bovis just over two weeks after its approach was rejected as too low .
Bovis , whose CEO quit in January following a profit warning resulting from a failure to build enough homes on time , has been subject to takeover speculation since a major shareholder wrote to another builder suggesting a tie-up earlier this year .
`` The Board of Redrow has determined that it is not in its shareholders ' best interests to increase its proposal to Bovis above the level which was rejected by the Board of Bovis , '' the firm said in a statement .
`` Given this , Redrow confirms that it does not intend to make an offer for Bovis . ''
Redrow 's withdrawal leaves a bid on the table from Galliford Try which was also rejected by Bovis although the firms are still carrying out discussions . ( Reporting by Costas Pitas ; editing by Kate Holton )
A European Union flag is waved in front of Big Ben outside Parliament after Britain 's Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the process by which the United Kingdom will leave the European Union in London , March 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
BRUSSELS Theresa May 's Brexit letter to European Union President Donald Tusk will please EU leaders by sounding constructive and acknowledging Britain must settle obligations before leaving . But the prime minister also made some tougher demands .
In the six-page document delivered on Wednesday to the EU summit chair to trigger a two-year countdown to withdrawal , she called for parallel negotiations on not just divorce terms but a new trade pact and special deals in key sectors . She also made a veiled threat on security cooperation if talks break down .
`` We should engage with one another constructively and respectfully , in a spirit of sincere cooperation , '' May wrote .
She referred -- twice -- to London 's `` obligations as a departing member state '' , in a nod to Brussels ' demands that a `` Brexit bill '' , possibly of the order of 60 billion euros , be paid to cover outstanding commitments before Britain leaves .
She echoed the EU 's own language in acknowledging that there could be `` no cherry-picking '' to retain the best bits of EU membership and acknowledged that Britons doing business with the Union would have to abide by rules they no longer help to set .
In response , the other 27 governments said Britain could be a `` close partner '' : `` We will approach these talks constructively and strive to find an agreement , '' they said in a statement .
Some of May 's demands , however , run counter to what at least some of them want , setting up the kind of disagreements among the 27 that Britain may exploit , despite Tusk 's call for unity .
EU negotiators say they want as far as possible to agree a withdrawal treaty , if possible by the end of this year , before opening negotiations on the free trade deal Britain wants . But May made clear her insistence trade talks should start now .
`` We believe it is necessary to agree the terms of our future partnership alongside those of our withdrawal , '' she wrote .
Practically , EU officials acknowledge that elements of the withdrawal , such as arrangements on the new UK-EU border and notably on the land frontier across the island of Ireland , can not be settled without some idea of the future trade relations .
But they want to resist getting too deeply into that until Britain has settled other issues , including the bill , but also how to treat the four million Europeans who will find themselves living as foreigners on either side of the new cross-Channel frontier -- something May agreed was a priority .
AVOIDING THE `` CLIFF-EDGE ''
May also suggests quickly opening `` technical talks '' on how to avoid disrupting key economic sectors that are closely intertwined , mentioning finance and `` network industries '' , a term for sectors with strong linkages to other ones .
EU negotiators , determined to avoid giving Britain such a sweet deal that Brexit could encourage imitators , want to avoid moving quickly to cutting special agreements on certain sectors -- though they acknowledge that is likely to happen eventually .
May 's acknowledgment that two years is a tight schedule for negotiating all she wants will be welcomed in Brussels . She said it was likely that to avoid a disruptive `` cliff-edge '' of changed regulations any deal would need `` implementation periods '' beyond 2019 . That echoes EU assumptions of a `` transition phase '' .
Also chiming with continental thinking , at the risk of displeasing some of her own supporters at home , May also said negotiations would have to look at how trade disputes would be settled . Escaping the jurisdiction of EU courts was a key demand of Brexit campaigners , but the EU will insist that Britain be subject to some outside supervision if it wants free trade .
One section of May 's letter , echoing a passage of a speech on the Brexit proposals in January , may hit a sour note . Though she did not repeat the same `` no deal is better than a bad deal '' language , she explicitly referred to the possibility that Britain may leave on March 29 , 2019 `` without an agreement '' .
That , she suggested , would be fine in London because it could `` default '' to trading under World Trade Organisation rules . But , she added , it would weaken Britain 's cooperation against `` crime and terrorism '' . When she said as much in January , that was seen as an unwelcome threat -- if perhaps an empty one -- to deprive the EU of the undoubted prowess of British intelligence .
Tusk 's response assured Britain of cooperation to ensure an `` orderly exit '' . But he too offered a hard edge . Negotiations were about `` damage control '' , he said . But in the end , he and the EU negotiators would `` protect the interests of the 27 '' .
( Editing by Mark John )
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( D-CA ) is again telling illegal aliens that their act of breaking U.S. immigration law is a net positive for the country , this time “ thanking ” them and saying the U.S. “ owes them a debt ” for bringing kids into the country illegally .
The former House speaker 's latest comments were delivered at a CNN town hall hosted by anchor Chris Cuomo on Wednesday night .
advertisement
The minority leader took a question from a member of the audience who said that he and his sister are beneficiaries of former President Barack Obama 's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) policy and are “ terrified ” of being deported if Trump ends the policy .
In reply , Pelosi said DREAMers are “ beautiful ” and thanked illegal alien parents for breaking our laws and bringing their children into the country , the Free Beacon noted .
“ Our Dreamers , they make America dream again , ” Pelosi exclaimed . “ They 're so lovely and we , frankly , owe a debt to your parents for bringing you here to be such a brilliant part of our future ” :
Pelosi has for some time insisted that illegal aliens are important additions to our country . In September , for instance , she even insisted illegals are a worthy “ constituency ” and praised them for breaking our laws to get here .
“ These families did a great thing for our country bringing these kids here , who are working , who are in the military , who are in school , who are a brilliant part of our future , ” she said during a September 20 press conference .
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @ warnerthuston .
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK , June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world .
A New York City grand jury on Wednesday indicted movie producer Harvey Weinstein on charges of rape in the first and third degrees and first-degree criminal sexual act , the Manhattan District Attorney 's Office said .
Weinstein was arraigned last week on the same charges , seven months after women began to come forward with stories alleging sexual misconduct by Weinstein .
The charges stemmed from incidents with two women in 2013 and 2004 , the Manhattan district attorney said in a statement , and were the result of a joint investigation between police and the Manhattan District Attorney 's Office .
“ This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which he is now charged , ” District Attorney Cyrus Vance said Wednesday in a statement “ The defendant 's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable . ”
The investigation remains active and ongoing , Vance said .
CNN has reached out to Weinstein 's attorney .
Attorney Benjamin Brafman said in a statement after Friday 's arraignment : “ Mr . Weinstein has always maintained that he has never engaged in nonconsensual sexual behavior with anyone . Nothing about today 's proceedings changes Mr. Weinstein 's position . He has entered a plea of not guilty and fully expects to be exonerated . ”
As part of the agreement between Brafman and the DA 's office , Weinstein 's bond was set at $ 10 million . The 66-year-old is required to wear a GPS monitoring system and is only allowed to travel within New York state or Connecticut . He also surrendered his passport .
Scroll for more content ...
It 's almost time for the Super Bowl or , if you 're not within the roughly 250-mile radius that comprises both team 's fanbases , the fancy football game you 're socially obligated to watch despite your deep and almost bitter apathy towards the outcome .
Here 's everything you need to know if you actually want to pay attention in between commercials and pizza bagel binges .
Who 's playing in the Super Bowl ?
Reigning Super Bowl Champs the New England Patriots will attempt a repeat against the Philadelphia Eagles .
How many Super Bowls have the Patriots won ?
Five , all under the seemingly-unbeatable team of Tom Brady and Head Coach Bill Belichick .
How many Super Bowls have the Eagles won ?
Zero ! They have been to three , most recently in 2004 when they lost to ...
hoo boy ...
The New England Patriots .
Okay . Who are the quarterb --
TOM BRADY ! Have you heard it 's Tom Brady ? It 's Tom Brady , the 40-year-old human male ; a living Black Mirror episode where an immortal football legend has his consciousness implanted in an avocado while timelord Bill Belichick 's team of New England scientists scramble to renew his muscle pliability using every drop of water in the Hoover Dam . Tom Brady is as hydrated as a jellyfish and as strong as an organic , free-range bear ! Tom Brady does n't even know the word `` death ! '' Or `` carb ! ''
Oh , and the quarterback for the Philadelphia Eagles will be Nick Foles .
Nick Foles . I am not familiar with that name .
So , funny story : While everyone and their deceased great-great-grandmother knows who Tom Brady is , Nick Foles is actually the backup quarterback for the Eagles . Tom Brady is a 5-time Super Bowl Champion and the Eagles are n't even starting their main guy !
First-string Eagles quarterback and Prince Harry 's body double Carson Wentz tore his ACL earlier this season , and what looked like an unfortunate end to a promising postseason bid was actually the beginning of an underdog run for the ages , led by none other than the 29-year-old Foles . Now , they are deservedly in the Super Bowl , facing a very formidable and well-nourished foe .
Wait , why are n't we referring to it as Super Bowl LII ?
The AP Stylebook , basically a bible to most writers and grammar sticklers , caused a minor crisis earlier this year when they announced the Super Bowl is properly referred to by the year it 's played . So for instance , this year 's Super Bowl LII should be Super Bowl 2018 .
People were incensed . `` We have been doing fine with Roman numerals for LI years so far ! '' they cried . `` And we will continue to use them for the next C to come ! ''
Which of course , kind of proves the point . Quick , what year was Super Bowl XLII ?
If you did n't say MMVII , ya lose .
Wow , while that is interesting I still ca n't really get into it . Who should I root for ?
If you like `` winning '' the way Donald Trump says it , you should root for the Patriots .
If you like `` winning '' the way Charlie Sheen says it , you should root for the Eagles .
If you like consistency and the status quo , root for the Patriots .
If you like literally anything other than the Patriots , or just want to see a plucky franchise finally get their due , root for the Eagles .
If you do n't like Philly or New England , you should root for Philly just to see something different . If you 're a Patriots fan and that offends you , just go gaze at the five rings y'all have . We hear it 's soothing .
That 's not convincing me . Give me some other miscellany upon which to make my judgment .
If you like `` Good Will Hunting , '' `` The Departed '' or any given Wahlberg , Damon or Affleck , root for the Patriots .
If you like `` Rocky , '' `` Philadelphia '' ( do n't judge ! ) or Bradley Cooper , root for the Patriots .
Clam chowder over cheesesteak ? Patriots .
Liberty Bell over Boston Harbor ? Eagles .
Boston Market ? PATRIOTS .
Philadelphia cream cheese ? EAGLES .
Grating yet endearing local dialects ? Friend , you are looking at a win-win .
Why are some Eagles fans wearing dog masks ? Is football actually a cult ?
Other than being really upsetting to look at , Eagles fans ( and players ! ) have adopted the dog mask look because they were heavily regarded as underdogs when they faced both the Atlanta Falcons and the Minnesota Vikings on their way to the Super Bowl .
Okay , I 'm gon na pick up some wings , pound a non-alcoholic beverage and WATCH THIS THING . Where is it ?
This year 's Super Bowl will be held on Sunday , February 4 , at US Bank Stadium in Minneapolis , Minnesota . Kickoff is at 6:30 p.m . ET , which means the game will be over at 4 a.m. the next day .
That stadium looks cool but I bet a lot of birds die there .
Sadly , they actually do . According to one report , the stadium the biggest bird-killer in Minneapolis . There are actually ongoing conversations about how to make the design more birdly-friendly since literally hundreds of them have lost their live smashing into the reflective exterior glass since the stadium opened in 2016 . Sad for the ecosystem , and a truly hideous omen for the Philadelphia Eagles .
Minnesota seems a bit cold this time of year .
It will be ! The high in Minneapolis on Sunday is predicted to be a cozy 8 degrees , and the low is zero . As in no degrees .
Is n't anyone concerned the players will freeze ? Not in a figurative way , but actually freeze solid ?
Luckily , the NFL would n't subject players -- and fans -- to such an experience . The Super Bowl typically is n't held in cold-weather cities if the stadium is n't domed or enclosed , and it just so happens US Bank Stadium is the latter .
Back to the game . How can I watch it ?
If you have normal cable , you can catch the game on NBC or any NBC affiliate . If you want to watch on your computer or device , NBC is streaming the game online and through their sports apps . And , good news ! If you want to stream the game , you do n't even need a cable login . Just go for it .
I hear Justin Timberlake 's playing the halftime show . Will there be any `` wardrobe malfunctions ? ''
Can you believe it was 14 whole years ago that Justin Timberlake ripped off part of Janet Jackson 's costume during their Super Bowl halftime performance , sending the FCC into a tailspin and changing the history of live TV as we know it ? It all seems so quaint , so ... antique . Do n't expect a cheeky repeat though -- it was not the kind of weird moment that begs an encore .
Weird moments ? I love weird moments ! Give me one more for the road .
Well , here 's an Eagles fan riding a dune buggy up the Rocky steps .
Remember kids , the different between `` fan '' and `` felon '' is like , three letters . Be safe out there !
READ : Four hours is a long time to even tangentially care about football if you do n't normally care about football . So when the commercials get boring and the nacho cheese gets gummy , here are some super interesting trivia to keep the merriment going .
READ : It may be a bloated , over-hyped spectacle , but the Super Bowl usually is good for a memorable moment or two .
Some of them even happen on the field .
The 2018 Wayne High School Prom King and Queen were announced following the Grand March on April 21 .
Jack Osnes , son of Thom and Julie Osnes was chosen as this year 's Prom King .
Jamie Gamble , daughter of Randy and Laura Gamble , was selected as Queen .
Following the coronation , prom festivities continued on the Wayne State College campus and into the night with Post Prom events held at Wayne High School .
After a decades-long search , two Texas brothers were reunited with their biological mother — something they once thought impossible because they believed she was dead .
Brothers Anthony Wiggs , 46 , and Ray Abreu , 47 , reunited with their mother after more than four long decades on August 4 at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport in Texas , surrounded by teary-eyed spectators who learned of their story .
The brothers were born in Puerto Rico but were separated from each other and their mother when their parent 's marriage fell apart in the 1970s and Wiggs was adopted by a loving family in the U.S. Amazingly enough , the brothers would reunite almost 30 years later in Texas after Wiggs used his own detective work to discover his brother lived in San Antonio , where he had been taken by their father as a child .
Wiggs would continue his search for their mother , even though their father and others had told them she had died long ago .
“ I continued my search because I wanted to see my own features in someone else , ” Wiggs , 46 , tells PEOPLE . “ I did n't know whether she was alive or whether she was dead—was she killed , did she kill herself ? We did n't know . ”
In May , Wiggs used a DNA test through Ancestry.com that led him his mother 's nephew , who told him that his mother , Elsie Ramirez , 64 , was alive and living in Massachusetts .
Wiggs tracked down his mother 's best friend on Facebook and was given her phone number . That same day , the brothers would be on a three-way call with their mother , their first contact with her since they were babies . The family decided to fly Ramirez to Texas on Aug. 4 , and as Abreu says , the days leading up to the in-person reunion were taxing .
“ There were times I could n't sleep , ” he says . “ I was tossing and turning and watching the hour glass get closer and closer to when I was finally going to see her . ”
For the two brothers , their mother and the reunion was everything they had hoped .
“ I was biting my lip and sweating along my eyebrows , ” Abreu says . “ That first embrace — my heart was racing as I was hugging her . ”
For Wiggs , it was a culmination of a decade 's long journey that was powered by his instincts and determination .
“ It feels surreal , it is just one of those things that I 've been thinking about for so long , ” Wiggs says of the meeting . “ After looking for all those years , it took time , it took energy , and it took so many emotions , but I can say , ‘ I did it . ' ”
The brothers say they have been surprised by how much they have in common with Ramirez . She loves Bob Marley , just like they do , and she fits in perfectly with their sarcasm and humor . Most of all , though , they look forward to the mornings and nights that they will be able to say “ I love you ” to their mother , for many years to come .
“ When she was n't in my life , I used to pray that if Mom was up there in Heaven looking down on me , that she was my guardian angel and one day I would see her , ” Abreu says . “ Now , I do n't have to say those prayers anymore . ”
May 2 Pareteum Corp
* Pareteum reaches agreement with senior secured debt lender reducing quarterly principal payments providing cashflow flexibility
* Pareteum corp -revised repayment schedule reduces principal repayments to $ 250,000 for second and third quarters of 2017 and $ 500,000 for q4 of 2017
* Pareteum corp says quarterly principal repayments for 2018 have also been materially reduced from $ 750,000 per quarter to $ 500,000 per quarter Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - National Storage Affiliates Trust :
* NATIONAL STORAGE - ON JAN 29 UNDER AMENDED & RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED MAY 6 , 2016 , NSA OP LP ENTERED THIRD INCREASE AGREEMENT & AMENDMENT
* NATIONAL STORAGE - THIRD INCREASE AGREEMENT & AMENDMENT IS TO PROVIDE A NEW TRANCHE D TERM LOAN FACILITY IN AMOUNT OF $ 125.0 MILLION
* NATIONAL STORAGE AFFILIATES TRUST SAYS TRANCHE D TERM LOAN FACILITY INCREASES TOTAL BORROWING CAPACITY UNDER CREDIT FACILITY TO $ 1.02 BILLION - SEC FILING
* NATIONAL STORAGE AFFILIATES TRUST SAYS TRANCHE D TERM LOAN FACILITY MATURES JAN 29 , 2023 Source text - bit.ly/2EaaUiN Further company coverage :
Harry Hurt III , author of an unvarnished 1993 biography of Donald Trump , says the now-president-elect booted him from the Trump International golf course after calling the biographer 's presence there “ inappropriate . ”
In a post on Hurt 's Facebook page over the holiday weekend , the biographer , whose book Lost Tycoon : The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump has been out of print for years , described the episode in the third person . Hurt says he went to the Trump-owned golf club near West Palm Beach , Fla. , on Friday to play with club member David H. Koch and two other men .
“ Hurt , who has a scratch handicap and plays in colorful knickers , walked over to Trump on the practice range prior to his group 's assigned tee time , only to suffer a tongue lashing from the president-elect , ” the post read . Hurt says he told Trump , “ Congratulations , sir ” and shook his hand .
Hurt recalls . “ Trump said , ‘ You were rough on me , Harry . Really rough . That s— you wrote . ' ” Hurt says he looked Trump in the eye , and said , “ It 's all true , ” to which Trump rejoined , “ Not in the way you wrote it. ” At that point , Hurt alleges , Trump “ had his security detail escort Hurt , Koch , and their playing partners to the parking lot . ”
“ David [ Koch ] was appalled , ” says Hurt in the post . “ He branded Trump ‘ petty ' and ‘ vulgar . ' ”
Proving he still knows how to get under Trump 's competitive skin , Hurt added : “ We played Emerald Dunes instead , which is a much , much better golf course than Trump International . ”
Appearing on CNN on Monday , Hurt elaborated on the encounter , saying Trump was on a practice range when Hurt approached him— ” out of courtesy , ” the author said .
John Damgard , one of Hurt 's foursome , confirmed to CNN that Trump asked them to leave the course .
“ We were on the putting green , ” Damgard , a Republican donor , told CNN . “ Harry came and said ‘ Mr . Trump does n't want us to play . ' We went to a different place . ”
But Damgard took issue with Hurt 's claim that they were escorted off the course by Trump 's security detail . “ We had no interaction with security , ” Damgard said .
RELATED VIDEO : Watch : Natasha Stoynoff Breaks Silence , Accuses Donald Trump of Sexual Assault
Hurt 's mostly unflattering portrayal of Trump in Lost Tycoon included the revelation of a divorce-proceedings deposition in which Trump 's first wife , Ivana Trump , accused him of rape . Under oath , Ivana Trump had described a 1989 incident of violent , forcible sex . She later told Hurt , in a written statement provided to the author for his book by Donald Trump 's lawyers , that the incident did happen and she “ felt violated ” at the time . Her statement went on : “ I referred to this as a ‘ rape , ' but I do not want my words to be interpreted in a literal or criminal sense . ”
Asked last May about his ex-wife 's charge of rape , Trump told People in May : “ It never took place . ”
On Monday , Hurt chalked up the golf-course unpleasantness to “ the erratic behavior [ Trump ] has exhibited his entire life. ” And Damgard told CNN that neither he nor Koch were aware of Hurt 's book .
“ Obviously it was something [ Trump ] did n't like . It is his golf course and it certainly it is his right ” to remove a player , Damgard said .
April 23 ( Gracenote ) - Scoreboard at stumps on the third day in the first Test between West Indies and Pakistan on Sunday in Kingston , Jamaica West Indies 1st innings ( Overnight : 278-9 ) K. Brathwaite c Y. Khan b Abbas 0 K. Powell c Y. Khan b Amir 33 S. Hetmyer b Amir 11 S. Hope b Amir 2 V. Singh c Az . Ali b Riaz 9 R. Chase c Riaz b Shah 63 S. Dowrich b Shah 56 J . Holder not out 57 D. Bishoo c S. Ahmed b Amir 28 A. Joseph b Amir 0 S. Gabriel b Amir 5 Extras ( b-4 lb-18 ) 22 Total ( all out , 95 overs ) 286 Fall of wickets : 1-1 K. Brathwaite,2-24 S. Hetmyer,3-32 S. Hope,4-53 V. Singh,5-71 K. Powell,6-189 R. Chase,7-189 S. Dowrich,8-264 D. Bishoo,9-274 A. Joseph,10-286 S. Gabriel Bowling Mohammad Amir 26 - 11 - 44 - 6 Mohammad Abbas 22 - 4 - 63 - 1 Wahab Riaz 23 - 5 - 66 - 1 Yasir Shah 24 - 5 - 91 - 2 Pakistan 1st innings Azhar Ali c Dowrich b Joseph 15 Ahmed Shehzad lbw b Holder 31 Babar Azam b Gabriel 72 Younis Khan c K. Brathwaite b Gabriel 58 Misbah-ul-Haq not out 5 Asad Shafiq not out 5 Extras ( b-4 lb-3 nb-8 ) 15 Total ( for 4 wickets , 78.2 overs ) 201 Fall of wickets : 1-23 Az . Ali,2-54 A. Shehzad,3-185 Y. Khan,4-186 B. Azam To bat : S. Ahmed , M. Amir , Y. Shah , W. Riaz , M. Abbas Bowling S. Gabriel 16 - 5 - 37 - 2 ( nb-3 ) A. Joseph 16.2 - 5 - 35 - 1 ( nb-2 ) J . Holder 18 - 3 - 40 - 1 ( nb-3 ) D. Bishoo 15 - 1 - 35 - 0 R. Chase 6 - 1 - 25 - 0 K. Brathwaite 7 - 1 - 22 - 0 Referees Umpire : Richard Illingworth Umpire : Richard Kettleborough TV umpire : Bruce Oxenford Match referee : Chris Broad
March 29 Shanghai Kaichuang Marine International Co Ltd
* Says shareholder Holley Worldwide Holdings has cut 8 percent stake in the company between Nov 2 , 2016 and Feb 16 , 2017
* Says Holley 's holdings in the company reduced to 0.89 percent after transactions
Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2o9J52w
Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK , June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks , while tamping down the risk of currency declines , regulatory filings showed on Wednesday .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
2nd Liberian man convicted in US immigration fraud case
Photo : David Maialetti , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 In a June 11 , 2018 photo , Thomas Woewiyu stands outside the Federal courthouse in Philadelphia during a break from his immigration fraud trial in Philadelphia . on June 11 , 2018 . Woewiyu was convicted of immigration fraud Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , after a three-week trial that included testimony from foreign reporters and intelligence officials . ( David Maialetti/The Philadelphia Inquirer via AP ) less In a June 11 , 2018 photo , Thomas Woewiyu stands outside the Federal courthouse in Philadelphia during a break from his immigration fraud trial in Philadelphia . on June 11 , 2018 . Woewiyu was convicted of ... more Photo : David Maialetti , AP 2nd Liberian man convicted in US immigration fraud case 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) — A Liberian man who was accused of lying on his U.S. immigration forms about his ties to his country 's war criminals was convicted on Tuesday , a few months after another man was found guilty of similar offenses .
Jucontee Thomas Woewiyu was convicted after a three-week trial that included testimony from foreign reporters , intelligence officials and a former child soldier . He was convicted on perjury , immigration fraud and other charges stemming from answers he gave on a 2006 application for citizenship , saying he never took part in the overthrow of a government .
Immigration and human rights investigators said Woewiyu was part of Charles Taylor 's National Patriotic Front of Liberia , which sparked a multifaction tribal conflict and civil war . They said his role was as one-time defense minister , spokesman and face of Taylor 's regime .
Woewiyu 's attorneys said during the trial that the prosecutors had no jurisdiction to examine possible involvement in the west African nation 's civil wars or to make the trial about possible war crimes .
They said Woewiyu , who lived in Collingdale , just southwest of Philadelphia , had come to the U.S. to attend college in the 1970s and had spent the last 40 years travelling back and forth to Liberia , where he once served in the country 's Senate . They painted a picture of a trusted member of the community and grandfather .
The Liberian civil wars included a campaign by Taylor to execute political opponents , force girls into sex slavery and conscript boys to become child soldiers , prosecutors said .
`` You ca n't commit human rights abuses in your own country and come here and expect to obtain citizenship , '' Assistant U.S. Attorney Nelson Thayer said in his opening remarks to jurors .
Sentencing in the case was set for October .
The trial came months after another Liberian man , Mohammed Jabbateh , known as Jungle Jabbah , was convicted of lying on his immigration paperwork about his role in the country 's civil wars and was sentenced to 30 years in prison . Woewiyu 's attorneys said that unlike Jabbateh he was not involved directly with the ground war or the atrocities .
Jabbateh , who lived in East Lansdowne , just west of Philadelphia , disclosed he was assigned to a security detail for a rebel leader but maintained he never committed the violent acts described in the indictment against him .
Jabbateh 's case represented one of a handful of legal efforts to track down people accused of committing atrocities during the civil wars , which began in 1989 and devastated Liberia through most of the 1990s and early 2000s .
In 2008 , Taylor 's son was convicted in a federal court in Florida of torturing or ordering the torture of political opponents and was sentenced to 97 years in prison .
Taylor resigned as Liberia 's president in 2003 and is serving a 50-year prison sentence on a conviction he aided and abetted rebels who committed atrocities in neighboring Sierra Leone .
Taylor 's ex-wife has said the wars may have been a `` necessary '' chapter in Liberia 's history .
VOL . 41 | NO . 32 | Friday , August 11 , 2017
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — It may not equal Social Security and Medicare as a `` third rail '' program that politicians touch at their own risk , yet Medicaid seems to have gotten stronger after the Republican failure to pass health care legislation .
Reviled by conservatives , the 1960s Great Society program started out as health insurance for families on welfare and disabled people . But the link to welfare was broken long ago , and the federal-state program has grown to cover about 1 in 5 Americans , ranging from newborns to Alzheimer 's patients in nursing homes , and even young adults trying to shake addiction . Although Medicaid still serves low-income people , middle-class workers are more likely to personally know someone who 's covered .
Increased participation — and acceptance — means any new GOP attempt to address problems with the Affordable Care Act would be unlikely to achieve deep Medicaid cuts .
`` This was an important moment to show that people do understand and appreciate what Medicaid does , '' said Matt Salo , executive director of the National Association of Medicaid Directors , a nonpartisan group that represents state officials . `` The more people understand what Medicaid is and what it does for them , the less interested they are in seeing it undermined . ''
With Republicans in control of the White House , both chambers of Congress , and 34 out of 50 governorships , it would have been hard to imagine a more politically advantageous alignment for a conservative overhaul of Medicaid .
President Barack Obama 's Affordable Care Act expanded Medicaid to cover more low-income adults , many of them working jobs without health insurance . Thirty-one states have accepted the ACA 's expansion , covering about 11 million people .
The GOP bills would have phased out funding for Obama 's expansion , and also placed a limit on future federal spending for the entire program — a step now seen as overreach . Spending caps in the House and Senate bills translated to deep cuts that divided Republicans .
And GOP governors who had expanded the program could n't swallow the idea of denying coverage to hundreds of thousands of constituents . Some went public with their opposition , while others quietly warned their congressional delegations about dire consequences .
Medicaid `` is not yet at the Medicare and Social Security level because it is n't framed as something that you contribute to during your working years and you get it later as a commitment , '' said Diane Rowland of the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation . `` But I think there is a recognition that for all its flaws ... it 's really the nation 's health care safety net . ''
An AP-NORC poll taken last month found the public overwhelmingly opposed to GOP Medicaid cuts , by 62-22 .
`` You just ca n't do this to people who are in situations that they did n't put themselves in , '' said Sara Hayden of Half Moon Bay , California . Unable to work as a data journalist due to complications of rheumatoid arthritis , she was able to get health insurance when her state expanded Medicaid .
Hayden estimates that one of the medications she takes would cost about $ 16,000 a month if she were uninsured . She pays nothing with Medi-Cal , as the Medicaid program is known in California .
`` If they are going to repeal and replace , then I am dead in the water , '' she said .
Brian Kline of Quakertown , Pennsylvania , works as a customer service representative , and got coverage after his state expanded Medicaid in 2015 . Early last year he was diagnosed with colon cancer . After treatment that Medicaid paid for , his last CT scan was clear .
`` You just wonder if the Republican bill had passed ... what would have happened to me ? '' said Kline . `` Would I have had access to my doctors and the tests to make sure my cancer did n't come back ? I 'm not sure what the answer to that question would have been . ''
Many Republicans view Obama 's Medicaid expansion as promoting wasteful spending , because the federal government pays no less than 90 percent of the cost of care , a higher matching rate than Washington provides for the rest of the program .
`` That is not a good recipe for encouraging states to implement better , lower-cost models of care , '' said Mark McClellan , who oversaw Medicare and Medicaid under former President George W. Bush .
Nonetheless , the debate showed Congress ca n't just elbow its way to a Medicaid overhaul .
`` You are going to have to be gentle and thoughtful , working in a bipartisan way to see what ideas will reach across the aisle , '' said Republican economist Gail Wilensky , also a former Medicare and Medicaid administrator .
The push for Medicaid changes will now shift to the states . Some on the political right are seeking federal approval for work requirements and drug testing . From the left , activists in the 19 states that have not yet expanded their programs are contemplating revived campaigns .
An area that could find bipartisan support is health promotion , since Medicaid beneficiaries tend to have higher rates of smoking and other harmful lifestyle factors .
Katherine Hempstead , who directs health insurance research for the nonpartisan Robert Wood Johnson Foundation says Medicaid has come out a `` winner '' — for now .
`` I imagine these challenges to Medicaid will rise again , '' she added . `` But I think its supporters will also rise again . ''
Book : Outcasts United
Author : Warren St. John
Reviewed by : Paul Varian , a senior editor , executive producer and writer at CNN for nearly 30 years before his retirement in late 2013
“ Outcasts United ” is the inspiring story of refugee boys from countries ravaged by war and the enterprising Jordanian woman who made them a soccer team and called them the Fugees .
It is also the story of Clarkston , Ga. , a stagnating Atlanta suburb until it was designated as a refugee resettlement site and evolved into one of the nation 's most ethnically diverse communities with a population that is one-third foreign born .
The book is a reporting gem by Warren St. John , a New York Times writer who embedded himself in Clarkston and spent a year watching the Fugees perform to growing acclaim and befriending their families , the coach and her players at a tumultuous time .
“ He still checks up with us , ” one of the former players , Liberian-born Kanu Bartuah , told me by phone more than a decade later . “ I keep in touch with him on Facebook . ”
I started reading the book after I signed up as a volunteer tutor for refugee girls enrolled at the Decatur-based Global Village Project , an experience that has put a poignant human face on an issue that too often is coldly distorted in our political discourse .
The Fugees founder and coach is Luma Mufleh , a onetime waitress who ventured into Clarkston by chance on a leisurely weekend drive , discovered a grocery that specialized in Middle Eastern food and became a regular patron .
On a later trip there she spotted some refugee boys playing soccer on a patch of asphalt . She stopped to watch and , before long , she was playing with them .
This gave her the idea to start a small team and she got the YMCA in nearby Decatur to underwrite it . She became coach and it was n't long until the Fugees became her life .
She fought resistance from city fathers , up to and including the mayor , to get a field for the team , used tough love to teach her players the basics and worked to recruit often unsupervised youngsters whose parents worked long hours in a chicken factory .
She formed three squads for different age groups — a total of about 50 players from a dozen countries in Africa , the Mideast and Eastern Europe — and later was able to get them a bus .
Today there are nearly twice as many players , a girls team , three buses and an educational academy with a current enrollment of 86 students in grades 6 through 12 . It graduated its first high school seniors 2016 .
And Mufleh , an American-educated immigrant from Jordan , was honored as one of the 2016 top 10 “ CNN Heros of the Year . ”
“ Outcasts United ” follows the teams ' exciting exploits for a season and beyond , but the individual human stories are the most riveting .
Little Jeremiah Ziatys showed up the first day of practice wearing a single oversized shoe and was immediately nicknamed “ One Shoe ” by his coach , who learned later that he had been at his home in the Liberian capital of Monrovia the day his father was shot dead there .
“ Oh , what do you do ? ” his mother remembers her husband crying . “ They are killing me . Oh , they are killing me . ”
Kanu Bartuah was just 2 when he was spirited out of Liberia , and has not seen his mother since . She 's still there but “ I do n't know her , ” he says .
On the Fugees , he was credited with leading an effort to dissuade the coach from dissolving the “ Under 15s ” squad because some of the players ignored her rules and guidance .
He said he told her , “ Why do n't you take the people who do n't want to listen off the team and keep those who do listen ? ” Then he persuaded the remaining players to live up to his promises .
Now 25 , Kanu became the first member of his family to graduate from high school . He majored in aerospace management at Middle Georgia State University and is working to get a commercial pilot 's license in hopes of becoming an airline pilot .
He has n't given up on soccer by a long shot , though . He says he plans to try out for Atlanta 's new professional soccer team .
Kanu said he often was teased in high school over the way he dressed and talked but when he took the practice field with his fellow Fugees , “ Everybody is equal . ”
“ Soccer is fun , ” he said . So was reading this book .
—
Buy Outcasts United and support Global Atlanta :
UPDATE 1-Brazil 's JBS taps lawyer Proença to run new compliance unit
São Paulo , June 14 JBS SA , whose controlling shareholder recently agreed to pay the world 's largest leniency fine ever , has hired lawyer Marcelo Proença to become global head of compliance , as the world 's biggest meatpacker seeks to turn the page on a massive corruption scandal .
When it comes to walking the red carpet , celebrities have trusted iconic accessory brand , Jimmy Choo , for over 20 years to help them look their best . From timeless styles such as The Lance , a bestseller and the most requested red carpet shoe , to The Romy , a sexy pointy-toe pump that goes with just about everything , Jimmy Choo has become a fashion powerhouse and beloved celebrity staple . And while some styles can cost upwards of $ 2,000 and more we 're here to tell you that right now , for a limited time only , you can get the most popular Jimmy Choo shoes and handbags on sale for up to 50 percent off . Yes , you read that correctly : up to 50 percent off ! So if you 're looking to shop Amy Adams ‘ platform Pearl sandal , Amal Clooney 's iconic Lance sandal , Mandy Moore 's sleek Candy clutch or Nina Dobrev 's Arrow crossbody ( plus tons of other celebrity favorites ) — now is the time to score big on gorgeous Jimmy Choo accessories . And there 's a bonus : There are even tons of men 's styles marked down , including Armie Hammer 's patent leather Penn lace ups . So whether you 're looking for a luxe gift or shopping for a special event , we suggest you start shopping before this fabulous deal is over .
Scroll down to shop these celebrity styles and more on sale now at Jimmy Choo !
Glam Red Carpet Heels
Amy Adams and Amal Clooney go glam on the red carpet in Jimmy Choo 's iconic styles , The Pearl and The Lance .
Kevork Djansezian/NBC/NBCU Photo Bank/Getty Images ; Clemens Bilan/Getty Images
Buy It ! Pearl Sandal , $ 438 ( orig . $ 875 ) and Lance Sandal , $ 1,048 ( orig . $ 2,095 )
The Romy Pump
Nicole Richie , Allison Williams and Tracee Ellis Ross are only a few of the celebrities that love Jimmy Choo 's famous Romy pump .
Shutterstock ; Getty ; Shutterstock
Buy It ! Romy Pump , $ 313 ( orig . $ 625 )
Sleek , Modern and Sparkly Shoes
Zoë Saldana rocked The Annie sandal , a minimal and simple strappy style while Emma Stone has been seen in The Lucy Pump on multiple red carpets . Cindy Crawford dressed up her ensemble with a sparkly pair of The Abel pump at an even in L.A .
Slaven Vlasic/Getty Images ; Dave J Hogan/Dave J Hogan/Getty Images ; John Sciulli/Getty Images
Buy It ! Annie Sandal , $ 348 ( orig . $ 695 ) , Lucy Pumps , $ 675 ( orig . $ 1,350 ) and Abel Pump , $ 1,363 ( orig . $ 2,725 )
Hot Handbags
Mandy Moore 's sleek Candy clutch is a perfect match for any formal occasion , while Alessandra Ambrosio 's Lockett/s satchel and Nina Dobrev 's Arrow crossbody are great for more casual looks .
Amanda Edwards/WireImage ; Timur Emek/Getty Images ; PG/Bauergriffin.com
Buy It ! Candy Clutch , $ 425 ( orig . $ 850 ) , Lockett/s Satchel , $ 1,048 ( orig . $ 2,095 ) and Arrow Crossbody , $ 498 ( orig . $ 995 )
Men 's Dress Shoes
Armie Hammer looked quite dapper rocking a pair of Jimmy Choo 's Penn lace up shoes .
Phillip Faraone/Getty Images
Buy It ! Penn Patent Leather Lace Up Shoes , $ 388 ( orig . $ 775 )
Which Jimmy Choo accessories are you scoring on sale ? Comment below and let us know !
April 3 Eros International Plc :
* Eros International extends revolving credit facility
* To extend maturity of revolving credit facility by six months from April 1 , 2017 to September 30 , 2017
* Already in advanced stages of executing multiple long-term refinancing options to replace RCF
* Has executed documentation with existing lenders of its $ 85 million revolving credit facility to extend maturity of RCF by six months Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
GREENVILLE – Three Greenville girls basketball players earned honors from the Greater Western Ohio Conference for the 2017-18 season .
Sophomores Morgan Gilbert and Haleigh Mayo both were named second team all-American League by the GWOC .
Senior Payton Brandenburg made the American League 's special mention team .
Tippecanoe 's Maddie Frederick was named the American North girls basketball player of the year while Tippecanoe 's Andy Holderman was named the American North girls basketball coach of the year .
Tippecanoe won the American North championship with a 15-0 league record , Vandalia-Butler finished second at 11-4 , Greenville was third at 10-5 , Troy finished fourth at 9-6 , Piqua was fifth at 4-11 , and Sidney finished sixth with a 2-13 record .
All-GWOC girls basketball
Name School Grade
Jordan Diehl Springboro Senior
Maddie Frederick Tippecanoe Senior
Shai McGruder Trotwood-Madison Senior
Alexis Straw Lebanon Senior
Carmen Williams Beavercreek Senior
American League team
Name School Grade Team
Maddie Frederick Tippecanoe Senior First team
Alaura Holycross Troy Senior First team
Willow Knight Butler Senior First team
Allison Mader Tippecanoe Senior First team
Shai McGruder Trotwood-Madison Senior First team
Trinity Morton-Nooks Xenia Junior First team
Evelyn Oktavec Fairborn Junior First team
Abbie Schoenherr Butler Junior First team
Cali Stewart Tippecanoe Senior First team
Lily Stewart Piqua Senior First team
Mercedes Woodward Trotwood-Madison Senior First team
Tia Bass Troy Sophomore Second team
Tyree Fletcher Butler Junior Second team
Kellah Flucas Trotwood-Madison Senior Second team
Morgan Gilbert Greenville Sophomore Second team
Claire Hinkle Tippecanoe Senior Second team
Alina Kindle Sidney Junior Second team
Kelsey Magoteaux Piqua Senior Second team
Haleigh Mayo Greenville Sophomore Second team
Korina Murphy Stebbins Junior Second team
Khala Powell Fairborn Sophomore Second team
Payton Brandenburg Greenville Senior Special mention
Kyana Johnson Sidney Junior Special mention
Bea Marks Stebbins Senior Special mention
Jordan Short Troy Senior Special mention
Reaghan Wakefield Xenia Freshman Special mention
North Division awards
Athlete of the year : Maddie Frederick , Tippecanoe
Coach of the year : Andy Holderman , Tippecanoe
South Division awards
Athlete of the year : Shai McGruder , Trotwood-Madison
Coach of the year : Henry Benton , Trotwood-Madison
National League team
Name School Grade Team
Madison Bartley Fairmont Sophomore First team
Sam Chable Centerville Junior First team
Jordan Diehl Springboro Senior First team
Kendall Folley Lebanon Freshman First team
Aubryanna Hall Wayne Freshman First team
Mickayla Perdue Springfield Freshman First team
Alexis Straw Lebanon Senior First team
Madeline Westbeld Fairmont Sophomore First team
Carmen Williams Beavercreek Senior First team
Jasmine Broner Centerville Senior Second team
Cori Dilsavor Beavercreek Senior Second team
Bailey Draughn Beavercreek Senior Second team
Nyla Hampton Wayne Sophomore Second team
Shalaya Heath Northmont Junior Second team
Kennedy Lewis Springboro Senior Second team
Lexi Moore Beavercreek Senior Second team
Mali Morgan-Elliot Fairmont Junior Second team
Olivia Trice Wayne Junior Second team
Amy Velasco Centerville Freshman Second team
Lily Browning Springboro Senior Special mention
Caralyssa Byrd Springfield Senior Special mention
Abby Carter Miamisburg Freshman Special mention
MaKayla Cooper Northmont Junior Special mention
Sydney Hanna Lebanon Senior Special mention
Kirah Pringle Miamisburg Junior Special mention
East Division awards
Athlete of the year : Carmen Williams , Beavercreek
Coach of the year : Ed Zink , Beavercreek
West Division awards
Athlete of the year : Jordan Diehl , Springboro
Coach of the year : Tom Benjamin , Springboro
http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Greenville-logo-WEB-2.jpg
By Kyle Shaner kshaner @ aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
The Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver reported last month the average benchmark price for all properties in Metro Vancouver was just below $ 1.1 million , an increase of 16 per cent since March 2017 . The average price for a detached single family home in Metro Vancouver was $ 1.6 million .
Rental vacancy rates in the areas around Vancouver , Victoria and Kelowna are below one per cent .
Cameron Muir , chief economist at the B.C . Real Estate Association , said the plan to compile data to track presale condominiums is long overdue .
`` It 's a data gap that needs to be addressed and I think this is a good move to better understand the presale condo market , '' he said , adding the legislation would force the reporting of the condo flips and allow the government to collect the tax .
Housing Minister Selina Robinson said the government also introduced amending legislation to give municipal governments stronger zoning tools to protect and improve the supply of rental properties .
The legislation would allow local governments to ensure existing rental properties can not be redeveloped for other uses , she said . It would also permit cities to ensure undeveloped land zoned for rental will be used for rental homes , said Robinson .
`` Local governments are on the front lines of this housing crisis , '' she said . `` With this new authority local governments will be able to preserve existing rental stock and encourage the development of new purpose-built rentals within their communities . ''
The amendments would require local governments to conduct housing need assessment surveys and prepare data reports every five years , Robinson said .
Muir said the hot real estate market in Metro Vancouver has deterred developers from embracing the rental construction market .
`` The profit tends to be in the condominium side , '' he said . `` Any measure to induce increased rental construction activity is probably a good one . ''
Victoria Mayor Lisa Helps said there are 10,000 rental buildings from the 1960s in Victoria that require some form of updating , including seismic work .
`` We 're definitely looking at incentives for developers , '' she said .
By Dirk Meissner , The Canadian Press
The council names filmmakers and actors who won in various international festivals in 2017
Published 11:54 AM , February 03 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – The Film Development Council of the Philippines ( FDCP ) has announced their list of Film Ambassadors , recognizing Filipino filmmakers and actors who have won various international festivals in 2017 .
The Film Ambassadors will be celebrated at the FDCP Film Ambassadors ' Night on February 9 at Sampaguita Gardens in Quezon City .
The FDCP will also name the A-Lister winners from the top international film festivals , along with the recipients of the Camera Obscura Artistic Excellence Award , the highest recognition given by the FDCP for outstanding members of the film industry .
Previous Camera Obscura awardees include Directors Brillante Mendoza and Lav Diaz , and actors Jaclyn Jose , Allen Dizon , and Teri Malvar .
Here is a list of the FDCP Film Ambassadors :
Film Documentary
Sunday Beauty Queen by Baby Ruth Villarama
Two Way Jesus by Jet Leyco
TV Documentary
Warmer by Atom Araullo
Front Row : Bata sa Bintana produced by JC Rubio of GMA Network
Reel Time : Maling Akala produced by Jayson Bernard Santos of GMA Network
Reporter 's Notebook : Pasan-Pasang Pangarap produced by Ian Simbulan of GMA Network
Film Shorts
Imago by Raymund Ribay Gutierrez
Fatima Marie Torres and the Invasion of Space Shuttle Pinas 25 by Carlo Francisco Manatad
Jodilerks Dela Cruz , Employee of the Month by Carlo Francisco Manatad
Do I Have Boobs Now ? by Joella Cabalu and Milena Salazar
Contestant # 4 directed by Jared Joven and Kaj Palanca
Diliman by TJ Collanto
Supot by Phil Giordano
Maria by JP Habac
Directors
Lav Diaz
Louie Ignacio
Mikhail Red
Raymund Ribay Gutierrez
Sheron Dayoc
Sari Dalena and Kiri Dalena
Fritz Silorio
Brillante Mendoza
Full length Film
Ang Araw Sa Likod Mo by Dominic Carlo P. Nuesa
Area by Louie Ignacio
Laut by Louie Ignacio
Singing in Graveyards by Bradley Liew
Baboy Halas by Bagane Fiola
Ignacio de Loyola by Paolo Dy
Tale of the Lost Boys by Joselito Altarejos
Women of the Weeping River by Sheron R. Dayoc
Patay Na Si Hesus by Victor Kaiba Villanueva
2 Cool 2 Be 4gotten by Petersen Vargas
1st Sem by Allan Michael Ibañez and Dexter Paglinawan Hemedez
Ang Babaeng Humayo ( The Woman Who Left ) by Lav Diaz
Birdshot by Mikhail Red
Dagsin ( Gravity ) by Atom Magadia
Imbisibol by Lawrence Fajardo
Paglipay by Zig Dulay
Huramentado ( Oath to Die ) by Noriel Jarito
Pitong Kabang Palay by Maricel Cabrera-Cariaga
Pamilya Ordinaryo by Eduardo Roy Jr .
Pipo by Richard Legaspi
Baka Bukas by Samantha Lee
Across the Crescent Moon by Baby Nebrida
Sikreto sa Dilim by Mike Magat and Ramon Roxas
Actors
Gabby Concepcion ( TV ) , Ika-6 Na Utos
Mary Joy Apostol , Birdshot
Lotlot de Leon , 1st Sem
Angel Locsin , Everything About Her
Ai Ai Delas Alas , Area
Ana Capri , Laut
Hasmin Killip , Pamilya Ordinaryo
Ronwaldo Martin , Pamilya Ordinaryo
Iza Calzado , Bliss
Charo Santos-Concio , Ang Babaeng Humayo ( The Woman Who Left )
Anna Luna , Maestra
Laila Ulao , Women of the Weeping River
Arnold Reyes , Birdshot
Tommy Abuel , Dagsin
Ricky Davao , Dayang Asu
Matteo Guidicello , Dina Bonnevie , Sandy Andolong , Joem Bascon , Across The Crescent Moon
Carlos Morales , Rolyo
Leon Miguel , Galit Na Aso
Christopher de Leon
– Rappler.com
A LIVERPOOL fan has been stabbed and left in a critical condition amid clashes between home and away fans as the Reds hosted the first leg of the Champions League semi-final against Roma .
Jurgen Klopp 's side ran out 5-2 winners on the park , but distressing scenes before kick-off have engulfed social media and somewhat overshadowed the result .
Merseyside police have confirmed that two men , aged 25 and 26 , from Rome have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder .
A 53-year-old supporter was allegedly attacked near the Albert Pub prior to the match .
A Liverpool statement has confirmed he is in a critical condition .
`` Liverpool Football Club is shocked and appalled after a Liverpool supporter was left in a critical condition having been attacked prior to the Champions League fixture against AS Roma , '' the statement read .
Liverpool fans light flares outside the stadium
`` Our thoughts , in the first instance , are with the victim and his family at this very traumatic time . We will be offering them our full support . ''
Earlier , Merseyside Police said in statement : `` We are investigating a serious assault of a man outside the Albert pub on Walton Breck Rd at about 7.35pm .
`` Officers are appealing to anyone with information , or mobile phone footage to contact our social media desk via Twitter @ MerPolCC or Facebook Merseyside Police CC . ''
They added : `` We can confirm a man has been arrested following an assault near to the Albert public house earlier this evening .
`` He has been taken to a police station where he will be interviewed by detectives . The 53-year-old victim is currently being treated for his injuries . ''
Roma 's ultras reportedly wielded hammers , batons and belts as they attacked home fans .
The Mirror reported that a Liverpool fan had posted a video online to say he had `` tried to meet my mate here ( Anfield ) and then all the Roma fans with their belts , they tried to hit the Liverpool fans . They were aggressive and offensive '' .
Soccer fans light flares and clamber atop Police vans before their Champions League , Semi Final First Leg soccer match at Anfield
Thousands of fans had gathered in the area before kick-off and multiple flares were let off to welcome the home side 's bus to the ground despite Klopp 's message against them .
`` This is an outstanding club known for its fantastic atmosphere , '' Klopp had said .
`` We do n't need to throw things .
`` Outside the stadium , please show the respect we have to show .
`` We can show how wonderful Liverpool people are and we can show it in 20 minutes before the game and then the whole world knows it . ''
The NHS are urgently appealing for people with particular blood types to come forward and donate .
READ : Leeds and Sheffield make shortlist to host new Channel 4 base - but Hull fails to make the cut
O negative and B negative stocks are now running low in the NHS due to an increase in demand for certain blood types and a drop off in donations .
The lack of O negative and B negative donors giving blood in the run up to the bank holiday has meant that stocks of these groups could fall below two days .
NHS Blood and Transplant are asking anyone who knows they have these blood types but may have not donated before to give blood now .
There is currently an urgent appeal for more people from the black community to give blood , as well .
NHS Blood and Transplant needs at least 40,000 new black donors to help patients .
Over 7,000 have come forward since an appeal last June , but more are needed to help ease the pressure on blood stocks and make sure people in need receive the best possible blood match .
READ : Weather warning issued for Leeds as hail and thunderstorms look set to strike city
O negative is also the ‘ universal ' blood group and is often used when a patient 's blood type is not known , like in emergency situations .
B negative stocks are low because many patients with serious blood disorders , like sickle cell , need B negative blood . Only two percent of donors are B negative .
O negative and B negative donors can walk in and donate at most of the NHS ' fixed site donor centres , without the need to make an appointment , or can call 0300 123 23 23 to ask for a priority appointment .
Mike Stredder , Director of Blood Donation at NHS Blood and Transplant said : “ The overall demand for blood is declining year on year . However , the need for specific blood groups such as Ro blood type and O negative are on the increase .
VIDEO : Chapel Allerton bar The Woods suffers 'extensive damage ' after fire
“ We need an additional 4,000 regular O negative donors to those we have now to consistently provide seriously ill patients with the blood they need . If you know you are O negative or B negative and have never donated before , now is the time to make a difference .
“ If you are O or B negative , please call us on 0300 123 23 23 to get a priority appointment or walk in to one of our fixed site donor centres to give blood . ”
You can get more information about our Donor Centres by calling the Donor Line on 0300 123 23 23 or visiting www.blood.co.uk
Moss Point is bringing back Keith Davis as Police Chief , Chief Davis joins us to talk about his decision to return to Moss Point , as he leads the charge to stop the violence .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. -- Mayor Levar Stoney answered reporter questions after the American Civil War Museum groundbreaking Monday morning , about recent violence in Virginia and a possible upcoming rally in the city ..
The groundbreaking was for a future 29,000-square-foot exhibit hall and preservation center which will be built into the hillside at the current Tredegar site .
The museum 's mission , not unlike Mayor Stoney 's call to add context to the Confederate monuments in Richmond , is to explore the Civil War and its legacies from multiple perspectives : Union and Confederate , enslaved and free African Americans , soldiers and civilians . Construction is expected to take approximately 18 months , with a tentative opening in December 2018 or January 2019 .
Below is a Q & A with a gaggle of reporters afterward . The reporter questions are in bold , and the mayor 's answers below .
Mayor asked about possible Sept. 16 rally and safety of Richmonders after what happened in Charlottesville .
We will be prepared for September 16 . I know that ball is currently in the court of the Commonwealth of Virginia , the Department of General services . They have a decision to make . I would make the request that in light of the events that happened in Charlottesville we take a deep look at whether or not this is something that should go forward on September 16 . But nonetheless , Richmond will be prepared to protect all of its citizens against anything that may harm their safety we are ready to go and we will be prepared .
Reporter asks : do you want this rally to happen on September 16 ?
I do n't think anyone wants any sort of rally that will continue to divide the community and spew hate and intolerance , that 's something that no mayor would want for their city . I think the actions that we saw this past week show what the potential could be from here and no one wants that intolerance in our community .
Are these weekend events making you rethink the path of the Monument Avenue commission at all ?
The Monument Avenue commission remains the same -- that is to provide context and interpretation of the statues that currently stand on Monument Avenue . At the end of the day my focus will be on taking down the vestiges of Jim Crow wherever they may live . That means in public housing , public education -- that 's the focus of the city of Richmond and that 's a focus of this administration .
Last night there was some violence . What is your message to those people ? Are you working with police to rethink the strategy when it comes to protesters in Richmond ?
We have a lot of experience in dealing with protests and demonstrations in the city of Richmond . We had a number last year and during the 2016 election . And we had a couple more this year as well . We will once again be very prepared , but also I would say that we have no tolerance for this sort of behavior that we saw last night , injuring of the media , injuring of or remarks in words that were sort of spewed at some of our police officers . At the end of the day they 're there to do their job and that 's to keep our community safe . And if you were coming into our city wanting to cause trouble and also bring violence , we have no tolerance for that .
Mark Robinson asks : A lot of folks came out Wednesday and called for the removal of the statues in for the commission to expand its charge . Why do you believe that adding context is still the right approach ? Given that we 've seen hate groups rally around the statues ?
The mission has always been about ensuring that we tell the truth here in the city of Richmond . That we are the center of reconciliation , but also the center of truth . And currently as I 've always said… the way those statues stand currently they are shameful representation of the past that we all disagree with . For me it 's about telling the complete truth . And I do n't think removal of symbols does anything for telling the actual truth or change the state and culture of racism in this country today . At the end of the day those statues or offensive to me ; very offensive to me . But you know what I 'm going to focus my time on -- destroying vestiges of Jim Crow where they live in our city – – public housing , public education , you name it .
Have you been in touch with Homeland Security ? I was going to her you have been in touch with Richmond Police Department . But we know of until it 's all there were talks about some of those white nationalist groups coming down to Richmond .
Like I said Police Chief Durham and the police department , they are prepared . They have been having meetings since this weekend 's incident in Charlottesville . We will be prepared for whatever may happen on September 16 . But as I said the ball is currently in the Commonwealth Court . They will make a decision on whether or not this really will go forward .
I know there were some groups that want to rally at Arthur Ashe monument ? Have you received permit requests ?
Not that I recall . I was anything coming to my office yet . That remains to be seen .
Mayor asked about weapons at these protests .
We want to make sure that folks are legally carrying weapons of firearms . However , we are not going to tolerate the damaging of property or the harming of any of our people . So when I hear that a reporter was hit in the head with a pole last night , I will not tolerate that . We will lock you up . And I think the message to all those who may come from -- I do n't know where -- you may be coming from across the country -- is that we 're not going to tolerate that sort of behavior in the city of Richmond . We 're just not going to .
[ READ : CBS 6 Journalist Attacked During Richmond Protest ]
Follow complete coverage of the chaos in Charlottesville , here .
AMMAN Around 900 Jordanians are fighting for Islamic State and al-Qaeda-inspired groups in Syria and Iraq but recruitment numbers have fallen sharply to their lowest ever levels , a senior Jordanian official told Reuters on Tuesday .
Those now fighting in Iraq and Syria mostly left Jordan , a staunch U.S. ally which borders the two countries , in the early years of the conflict between 2013 and 2014 , according to the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
Numbers joining the ultra-hardline jihadist groups slumped in the last three years as an intelligence-led campaign helped Jordanian security forces nip plots in the bud and arrest radicalised youths who were planning to leave , he said .
Prison sentences for militants arrested before finding safe passage to Syria or for those who returned after short stints were stiffened in 2014 under amended anti-terror laws have acted as a powerful deterrent , he said .
Jordan 's borders with Syria have been tightly sealed and the trickle who left since 2014 have mainly found safe passage through third countries , security sources say .
This strategy explains why far fewer fighters have come from Jordan than from other countries that do not share borders with Iraq and Syria , the official said .
`` As a neighbour ... the ( recruitment ) figures should have been much higher under different circumstances , '' he added .
Jordan plays a prominent role in the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State , providing military , logistical and intelligence support , Western diplomats and regional intelligence sources say .
Amman is anxious to forestall any danger from the return of radicalised citizens who have fought with an organisation with unrivalled brutality , prompting the accelerated efforts at an early stage that have resulted in hundreds of arrests of people before they head to Syria .
`` If they leave and participate in fighting , they become battle hardened and exposed to brutality , therefore posing a bigger threat if they come back , '' he said .
`` Our priority is to ensure they do n't leave the country in the first place , '' he said .
The country 's powerful security apparatus differentiates between youths radicalised by the carnage in Syria they blame on Syrian President Bashar al Assad 's violent crackdown on the opposition , and those hardliners more influenced by Islamic State 's ideology , the official said .
But authorities have also sought to avoid tough punitive measures that might turn would-be radical Sunni sympathisers or first-time offenders into hardline fundamentalists , he added .
Jordan 's Western-trained security forces , which are partners with the CIA and considered among the most advanced in the region , have long been credited with deploying tactics and strategies that have helped spare the country the type of large-scale militant attacks seen elsewhere .
Two of global jihad 's top scholars , Sheikh Abu Mohammad al Maqdisi and Sheikh Abu Qutada , who were let out of prison , are under close surveillance where their outspoken views against Islamic State 's violent ideology are tolerated to counter the ultra-hardliners within the jihadist camp .
Jordanian security sources say the militants do not have an organisational network in the kingdom even though there are concerns about the growing risks of radicalisation . Countless plots by home-grown militants have been quietly foiled .
( Reporting by Suleiman Al-Khalidi ; Editing by John Stonestreet and James Dalgleish )
Though some predicted and feared an acting field lacking diversity , the nominees were fairly inclusive . Denzel Washington ( `` Roman J. Israel , Esq . `` ) , Mary J. Blige ( `` Mudbound '' ) , Hong Chau ( `` Downsizing '' ) and Octavia Spencer ( `` The Shape of Water '' ) were among the 30 film acting nominees .
But the best director category remained all-male , as it has for most Globes and Academy Awards history . Many had thought this year might be different due to directors like Gerwig , Patty Jenkins ( `` Wonder Woman '' ) and Dee Rees ( `` Mudbound '' ) . But the nominees were : Spielberg , del Toro , Nolan , McDonagh and Scott .
The morning 's biggest surprise , aside from the success of `` All the Money in the World , '' might have been the omission of the romantic comedy `` The Big Sick , '' penned by real-life couple Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. Gordon . Another Oscar underdog , `` The Florida Project , '' emerged with only one nomination , for Willem Dafoe 's supporting performance as the manager of a low-rent motel .
In the television categories , the Emmy-winning `` Big Little Lies , '' which is directed by Montreal 's Jean-Marc Vallee , earned a number of acting nods ( Nicole Kidman , Reese Witherspoon , Shailene Woodley , Alexander Skarsgard ) as well as best limited series . ( HBO recently announced a second season for `` Big Little Lies , '' which will change its category in other awards shows . )
Other nominees with Canadian connections include Toronto-born `` Will and Grace '' star Eric McCormack for best actor in a musical or comedy series , the Canadian co-production `` The Breadwinner '' for best animated film and the Alberta-shot series `` Fargo '' for TV 's best limited series or motion picture . `` The Handmaid 's Tale , '' based on Canadian author Margaret Atwood 's acclaimed novel , also received several nominations , including the best television drama .
FX 's Bette Davis and Joan Crawford chronicle `` Feud : Bette and Joan '' landed four nominations , including nods for Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon . Amazon 's just-debuted `` The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel '' scored two nods , including the best comedy series . Also with multiple nominations were Netflix 's `` Stranger Things , '' and NBC 's `` This Is Us . ''
Gary Oldman , nominated for best actor for his Winston Churchill in `` Darkest Hour , '' said the scandals have cast an unusual pall over the season , where Weinstein was for decades a dominating force .
`` How should we celebrate ? Well , I do n't think any of it 's funny , so I guess that people will stay away from it in the ceremony , '' said Oldman by phone Monday . `` It 's evolution , and it 's good that we sort of start to check ourselves about what we do and what we say and how we do it and how we say it to people , so I think it 's ultimately a good thing . But I ca n't see too much of this coming up in ( the show ) , up there on the platform , as it were , on the podium . It 's not something to joke about , I do n't think . ''
The nominees were announced from Beverly Hills after still-burning fires ravaged Southern California for the past week . The Thomas Fire has destroyed some 790 structures and forced thousands to evacuate their homes , with the blazes even entering the nearby neighbourhood of Bel Air .
The Globes have n't traditionally predicted the Oscars , but they did last January . The Globes best-picture winners — `` Moonlight '' and `` La La Land '' — both ultimately ended up on the stage for the final award of the Oscars , with `` Moonlight '' emerging victorious only after the infamous envelope flub . The press association , which has worked in recent years to curtail its reputation for odd choices , is composed of approximately 90 freelance international journalists .
The last Globes broadcast , hosted by Jimmy Fallon , averaged 20 million viewers , an upswing of 8 per cent , according to Nielsen . This year , Fallon 's NBC late-night partner , Seth Meyers , will host the January 7 ceremony .
No Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement recipient has yet been chosen . Last year 's honoree , Streep , spoke forcefully against the then President-elect Donald Trump , shortly before his inauguration , leading him to criticize the actress as `` overrated . '' This year , she — along with Spielberg and Hanks — return with a pointed and timely drama , `` The Post , '' about the power of the press to counter lies emanating from the White House .
Said Streep in a statement : `` I 'm thrilled for the movie , for Steven and Tom , and for the incredible ensemble of actors who made this movie need its moment in history . ''
___
Associated Press writers Lindsey Bahr and Sandy Cohen , and The Canadian Press contributed to this report
By Jake Coyle , The Associated Press
The brown-eyed beagle rests his head on the edge of his bed , his eyes peering out as volunteers walk by and stop to pet him . He 's known as “ Much Loved Bob , ” and volunteers say he does n't have much time left .
He 's one of about 27 dogs roaming Michele and Jeff Allen 's living room . All of the dogs are near the end of their lives , but the home is not filled with sadness . It 's a peaceful home , sitting on six acres about an hour away from New York City .
Dogs sit on any piece of furniture they choose , and half of the house is designated “ dog quarters , ” with toddler beds — designed for young children but perfect for slow-moving dogs — arranged around an electrically heated fireplace .
It 's a home filled with smiling volunteers who cuddle with their favorite dogs on sofas , or run with them around a pond outside . There are regular visits from a vet , and fresh , home-cooked dog meals made from scratch .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WATCH ABOVE : UW researchers conduct study to help dogs ( and people ) live longer
The Allens founded nonprofit Monkey 's House , a hospice for aged dogs , and they and run it at their Southampton , New Jersey , home . There , they pluck some of the sickest animals , like Much Loved Bob , from shelters .
Nearly 670,000 dogs are euthanized in shelters every year , according to the ASPCA , and the Allens are focused on saving dogs whose health problems are so complex and expensive that they would n't be able to get the kind of care they needed at shelters .
`` If you do n't know how sick they are , sometimes you just find them passed away in their kennels and that 's just a sad ending for a dog that deserves to be so loved , '' said Michele Allen .
The Allens collaborate with shelters , animal control groups and veterinarians to bring in the dogs . Michele takes in new residents , evaluating their situations on a case-by-case basis . Most of the dogs that are brought to Monkey 's House are homeless and facing death at kill shelters .
The passing of one sick foster pup gave the couple the push to make their foundation official in 2015 . `` Monkey , '' a feisty 13-pound shelter dog with heart problems and bad teeth , inspired the Allens , and the shelter 's name .
`` In losing Monkey the grief was really , really tough and the greatest thing we could do was push through our grief in honoring him , and Monkey loved other dogs , '' Michele Allen told CNN .
A former nurse , she decided hospice for abandoned terminally ill dogs was the best way to use her healing hands .
`` I used to take sick dogs and say , 'Well I can handle this -- I used to be a nurse . ' Now I think I was a nurse and that was my preparation for this , '' she said .
There are typically around 20 dogs living at Monkey 's House with illnesses ranging from heart conditions to diabetes or cancer .
A dog with health problems such as heart disease can rack up over a thousand dollars in expenses per month . Multiplying that by 24 makes funding Monkey 's House a daunting task , Michele says .
Completely donation-based , the nonprofit gets help from benefactors , and a dog food company that donates over 60 pounds of food per week . They also get support from more than 50 volunteers who lighten the workload .
Monkey 's House has also picked up a loyal following of animal lovers on social media , posting daily photos and stories of shenanigans . Much Loved Bob was mourned by thousands of animal lovers on Facebook when he passed away the day after CNN 's visit .
`` He 's an invisible statistic . He 's the one that got out , the one that 37,000 people on Facebook know about , care about , send good thoughts about . It 's pretty amazing that he 's getting all this love now and that his ending is very different than I think probably the rest of his life was , '' Michele Allen said .
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $ 5.8 bln
HONG KONG , June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $ 5.8 billion , to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio .
A Cessna 182E Skylane crashed Saturday afternoon near Mile 90 of the Parks Highway .
Emergency crews responded about 4 p.m. to a crashed aircraft , including Alaska State Troopers and personnel from multiple EMS divisions in the Upper Valley .
The fixed wing , single-engine aircraft is registered to Robert Hill of Naknek , Alaska , according to the Federal Aviation Administration .
The pilot , later identified by Alaska State Troopers as Ronald Scott Hernandez , 51 , of King Salmon , was transported from the scene of the crash to Mat-Su Regional Medical Center , Palmer , by ambulance , and was reportedly conscious at the time he was taken from the scene .
Hernandez suffered minor injuries , troopers said .
The crash caused a power loss to about 2,600 customers , Matanuska Electric Association Inc. confirmed . It was able to re-route electricity for about 1,500 of its members within two hours .
Final repairs were completed early Sunday morning .
CHARLOTTESVILLE , Va. ( AP ) — The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife , according to police records released Monday .
Authorities say 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. rammed his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville , killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer .
The records from the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man 's mother had called police in 2011 . Fields ' mother , Samantha Bloom , told police he stood behind her wielding a 12-inch knife . Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair .
In another incident in 2010 , Bloom said that Fields smacked her in the head and locked her in the bathroom after she told him to stop playing video games . Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control his temper .
Earlier Monday , Fields was denied bond after the public defender 's office said it could n't represent him because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday 's protest . The judge was forced to find a local attorney to fill in , Charles Weber , who did not immediately respond to phone messages . No one answered the door at his office Monday .
Fields was not present in the courtroom but appeared via video monitor dressed in a black-and-white striped uniform . Seated , he answered questions from the judge with simple responses of “ Yes , sir ” when asked if he understood what was being explained to him . Fields also replied “ No , sir ” when asked if he had ties to the community of Charlottesville .
Judge Robert Downer set an Aug. 25 hearing for Fields , who has been charged with second-degree murder and other counts .
Fields was fascinated with Nazism , idolized Adolf Hitler , and had been singled out in the 9th grade by officials at the Randall K. Cooper high school in Union , Kentucky , for his “ deeply held , radical ” convictions on race , his former high school teacher Derek Weimer said Sunday .
Keegan McGrath , 18 , who said he was roommates with Fields on a class trip to Europe in 2015 , said Fields referred to Germany as “ the Fatherland , ” had no interest in being in France , and refused to interact with the French .
“ He just really laid on about the French being lower than us and inferior to us , ” McGrath told the AP on Monday .
McGrath challenged Fields on his beliefs , and the animosity between them grew so heated that it came to a boil at dinner on their second day . He said he went home after three or four days because he said he could n't handle being in a room with Fields .
The incident shocked McGrath because he had been in German class with Fields for two unremarkable years .
“ He was just a normal dude ” most of the time , although he occasionally made “ dark ” jokes that put his class on edge , including one “ off-hand joke ” about the Holocaust , McGrath said .
McGrath said that Fields was n't ostracized and does n't believe Fields deserves sympathy .
“ He had friends , he had people who would chat with him , it was n't like he was an outcast . ”
Weimer described Fields as an “ average ” student , but with a keen interest in military history , Hitler , and Nazi Germany .
“ Once you talked to James for a while , you would start to see that sympathy toward Nazism , that idolization of Hitler , that belief in white supremacy , ” Weimer said . “ It would start to creep out . ”
Fields also confided that he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication , Weimer said .
The violence in Charlottesville also was blamed for the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers who were killed when a helicopter crashed during the large-scale police response .
Fields had been photographed hours before the attack with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America , one of the hate groups that took part in the “ take America back ” campaign to protest the removal of a Confederate statue . The group on Sunday denied any association with the suspect .
Meanwhile , a message posted Saturday night on a leading neo-Nazi website called The Daily Stormer promised future events that would be “ bigger than Charlottesville . ”
The mayor of Charlottesville , political leaders of all political stripes , and activists and community organizers around the country planned rallies , vigils and education campaigns to combat the hate groups . They also urged President Donald Trump to forcefully denounce the organizations , some of which specifically cited Trump 's election after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric as validation of their beliefs . Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced late Saturday that federal authorities would pursue a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the crash .
Weimer said Fields left school for a while , and when he came back he was quieter about politics until his senior year , when politicians started to declare their candidacy for the 2016 presidential race . Weimer said Fields was a big Trump supporter because of what he believed to be Trump 's views on race . Trump 's proposal to build a border wall with Mexico was particularly appealing to Fields , Weimer said . Fields also admired the Confederacy for its military prowess , he said , though they never spoke about slavery .
As a senior , Fields wanted to become a tank commander in the Army . Weimer , a former officer in the Ohio National Guard , guided him through the process of applying , he said , believing that the military would expose Fields to people of different races and backgrounds and help dispel his white supremacist views . But Fields was ultimately turned down , which was a big blow , Weimer said . Weimer said he lost contact with Fields after he graduated and was surprised to hear reports that Fields had enlisted in the Army .
Army spokeswoman Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson said Fields reported for basic military training in August 2015 , but was released from active duty four months later “ due to a failure to meet training standards . ”
___
This story has been edited to clarify who participated in the white nationalist rally and who posted the message promising future events .
It 's almost time for the Super Bowl ! Whether you 're rooting for the New England Patriots or Philadelphia Eagles to take home the night 's highest honor to anticipating Justin Timberlake 's powerhouse halftime show performance , every person has their own reason for tuning in . But one thing 's for certain : We 'll all be keeping our eyes glued on the TV for the newest batch of commercials , which are sure to be equal parts hilarious , heart-warming and star-studded .
In honor of the big game , we 're taking a look back at celeb Super Bowl commercials that literally made our lives that much better/funnier/more entertaining .
Kim Kardashian West
The selfie queen poked fun at herself in this satirical 2015 T-Mobile spot . And , yes , this is what gave birth to her iconic “ tragic ” meme .
Beyoncé , Britney Spears , Pink & Enrique Iglesias
This badass group joined forces in 2004 , performing Queen 's “ We Will Rock You ” in a gladiator-inspired arena for Pepsi . We will never know what we did to deserve such a magical experience .
Justin Bieber & Ozzy Osbourne
Standout line from this 2011 Best Buy commercial : “ What 's a Bieber ? ”
Gal Gadot & Jason Statham
The action stars caused havoc in a classy restaurant for last year 's Wix.com blowout . Gadot packs more fierceness into 30 seconds than we 'll display in our entire lives .
Mindy Kaling & Matt Damon
In this 2015 Nationwide ad , the A Wrinkle in Time star realizes she just might be invisible . Naturally , she uses her new power to try and make out with Matt Damon .
Anna Kendrick
Leave it to Anna Kendrick to sell us on a beer ( Newcastle ) she admits she does n't even drink and to completely ignore the the list of words she ca n't say on TV .
Drake
Hard to believe it 's been two years and we still ca n't get “ Hotline Bling ” out of our heads .
Britney Spears
Because has there been a more iconic Pepsi commercial since this masterpiece ?
Michael Jackson
A young Carlton ( Alfonso Ribeiro ) channeling his inner Michael Jackson in this Pepsi commercial ? Yes , please !
Michael Jordan
Taking it back to '93 when Michael Jordan , a noted fan of McDonald 's , was the king of the basketball court .
Betty White
Fact : We would watch back-to-back Snickers commercials starring Betty White any day .
Melissa McCarthy
The Ghostbusters star worked overtime trying to save the world in the spot for Kia 's Niro .
Scarlett Johansson
Believe it or not , this SodaStream commercial was banned — not due to its sexiness , but due to the four words the actress utters at the end of the clip : “ Sorry , Coke and Pepsi . ”
Bryan Cranston
This Esurance commercial is a must-watch for all Breaking Bad fans who still refuse to believe Walter White 's fate .
Ashlee & Jessica Simpson
The famous sisters came together to answer an important question in this Pizza Hut commercial : Are buffalo wings made from buffalos with wings ?
Tina Fey , Adam Adams , Robert Redford , Magic Johnson , Steve Carell , Viola Davis , Stan Lee , Missy Elliott & Jimmy Kimmel
The all-star cast threw it way back to high school for the Honda CR-V .
Cindy Crawford
The shot of the supermodel legend coolly sipping a Pepsi is still exactly what we think about anytime we drink anything in front of bae .
Justin Bieber
Justin Bieber is a “ Celebration Expert ” in T-Mobile 's fun end zone celebration-themed commercial , also starring Rob Gronkowski and Terrell Owens .
TORONTO — Canada 's main stock index ticked higher at late morning , helped by broad-based gains on the Toronto market led by the health care and technology sectors .
The S & P/TSX composite index was up 39.93 points to 16,303.09 , after 90 minutes of trading .
In New York , Wall Street markets were closed for the U.S. July 4 holiday .
The Canadian dollar was trading at 76.01 cents US , down from an average value of 76.02 cents US Tuesday .
Text and photos by Aries B. Espinosa
THE Batangas City Diversion Road , a stretch of wide highway that links the busy Batangas Port to the strategic Southern Luzon Arterial Road , or STAR Tollway — speeding up transport to and from south Luzon — has also become a vibrant automotive row where many dealerships of the country 's top automotive brands have set up shop .
So , if you 're a new dealership about to locate yourself in a place filled with the competition , how do you “ divert ” the market 's attention to your business ? Make it big , and make it world-class .
That 's what the brand-spanking new Nissan Batangas just did — and showed — to guests on its inauguration last April 10 .
As Lica Auto Group Chief Operating Officer Tey Sornet confirmed , the dealership is among the biggest in the Nissan Philippines , Inc. ( NPI ) network at 3,000 square meters , with a showroom that can fit up to 10 cars . The dealership is managed by Tetra Sales and Services , Inc. ( TSSI ) , under the wing of the Lica Auto Group .
It 's big , and classy . As Batangas City has become a strategic location not only in the Calabarzon economic corridor but also in the different major island destinations of the port 's shipping lanes , Nissan Batangas has made sure that the customer experience stands out and is consistent across its wide reach . Thus , Nissan Batangas has been built and furnished following the Nissan Retail Environment Design Initiative ( NREDI ) 2.1 , a global retail visual design rolled out by Nissan Motors Co. Ltd. , to its global network , unifying different markets under one visual identity . Its philosophy is centered on enhancing Nissan customer experience through premium comfort and innovative services .
Ramesh Narasimhan , NPI president and managing director , explained : “ This new visual identity is intended to become more inviting to our customers and at the same time showcase Nissan cars at its most attractive and exciting way , and our Batangueño customers will experience service excellence that is uniquely Nissan . ”
To show how aggressive Nissan Batangas would be in “ upholding the driving spirit of innovation and excitement that is inherent in the Nissan DNA , ” as what TSSI President Felix Limcaoco III stressed , a pearl-black , P6.4-million Nissan GT-R Premium loaned from NPI welcomed guests and at the showroom entrance .
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday . Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy :
Kenya 's opposition leader Raila Odinga urges his supporters to stay home from work Monday , August 14 , to mourn those killed in protests over what he claims was a rigged election , while he mulls his next move
Published 10:25 AM , August 14 , 2017
NAIROBI , Kenya – Kenya 's opposition leader Raila Odinga has urged his supporters to stay home from work Monday , August 14 , to mourn those killed in protests over what he claims was a rigged election , while he mulls his next move .
Government officials have urged citizens to return to work , after days of anxiety since last Tuesday 's ( August 8 ) election left Nairobi – a bustling city of more than 3 million people – near-deserted .
On Sunday , August 13 , life appeared to slowly be returning to normal with businesses opening and deadly protests that erupted Friday night , August 11 , after the election result fizzling out as Odinga 's supporters await his next move .
At least 16 people have died in protests in Odinga 's strongholds , according to an Agence France-Presse tally , many shot dead by police .
`` We are not done yet . We will not give up . Wait for the next course of action which I will announce the day after tomorrow ( Tuesday ) , '' Odinga told a crowd of thousands in Nairobi 's slum Kibera on Sunday .
`` Do not go to work tomorrow . Let us mourn the innocent people killed by police . ''
It was his first appearance since the election commission ( IEBC ) on Friday declared President Uhuru Kenyatta the victor of a vote that Odinga says was rigged .
The 72-year-old and his National Super Alliance ( NASA ) coalition believe he was the rightful winner , and that results which came in via an electronic tallying system were hacked and manipulated .
Foreign observers praised election day as peaceful and credible and expressed confidence in the IEBC , but have not commented on the counting process .
The United Nations , Britain and the European Union have beseeched Odinga to send out a message to restrain his supporters from protesting , and instead use legal means to address his concerns .
In asking his supporters to stay home , he also urged them to avoid police , but many are hanging on for instructions come Tuesday .
`` It was quiet and we were worried , because we did not know the plan . Now , we 're very ready for whatever will come , '' said Duncan Nyamo , an Odinga supporter in Kibera
`` We are ready to die . ''
'Zero-sum game '
Politics in Kenya is largely divided along tribal lines , and the winner-takes-all nature of elections has long stoked communal divisions .
Three of Kenya 's 4 presidents have been Kikuyu and the other Kalenjin , leaving Luos and other major ethnic groups feeling excluded from power and marginalized for over half a century .
In 2007 , Odinga and his allies claimed an election was stolen by Mwai Kibaki – a Kikuyu . Foreign observers agreed there had been irregularities .
Political grievances – over land and access to power linked to old ethnic fault lines – burst into the open , leading to two months of violence which left 1,100 people dead and 600,000 displaced .
`` The reason elections have become a trigger for violence is the relationship between power and prosperity . It is a zero-sum game and winning becomes a life and death matter , hence losing is not an option , '' the Daily Nation wrote in an editorial .
Odinga , who scored nearly 45 % of the vote , has a huge following notably among the poor who are drawn to his platform of more equitable economic growth .
While calm had largely returned to Odinga 's strongholds on Sunday , a clash broke out in Mathare , one of the poorest slums in the capital , between his Luo supporters and members of Kenyatta 's Kikuyu group .
An attack on a Luo man – who an Agence France-Presse photographer saw with bloody head injuries – prompted a backlash in which Kikuyu businesses were burned and a Kikuyu man beaten with sticks and rocks . It was unclear if either survived .
The election was Odinga 's fourth failed shot at the presidency , and many believe his final .
He lost a court dispute in 2013 when he alleged an election was rigged , and this time NASA has said court is not an option . – Rappler.com
ZURICH Football governing body FIFA on Thursday said it had awarded media right to five broadcasting groups in Sub-Saharan Africa for the 2018 World Cup and other football events taking place in 2017 and 2018 .
Zurich-based FIFA said it had granted World Cup rights to the following groups :
Econet Media , Supersport , SABC and StarTimes were granted further media rights for other 2017-2018 events .
( Reporting by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi , editing by John Revill )
Seven people were stripped naked with their hands tied on their back before they were detained as part of an investigation into the outlawed Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) in Turkey 's resort province of Muğla on Monday .
Gendarmerie stopped a car in a rural area upon a complaint that three people suspected of PKK links would carry out terrorist attack on multiple locations in Muğla province . According to unconfirmed media reports , the suspects were stripped off their clothes on suspicion that they were carrying explosives and guns .
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Evening ' game
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday afternoon 's drawing of the Texas Lottery 's `` Pick 3 Evening '' game were :
8-4-2 , Sum It Up : 14
( eight , four , two ; Sum It Up : fourteen )
FILE PHOTO : China 's President Xi Jinping arrives for the third plenary session of the National People 's Congress ( NPC ) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , China , March 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Tyrone Siu/File Photo
BEIJING Chinese President Xi Jinping was formally elected on Thursday as a delegate to an important Communist Party congress this year , when he will seek to consolidate power , as a representative of a province run by an ally and a candidate for promotion .
The once-every-five-years congress will see Xi further cement his hold on power by appointing allies into the party 's ruling inner core , the 25-member Politburo and the seven-member Politburo Standing Committee .
A party meeting in the poor southwestern province of Guizhou elected Xi unanimously as one of their delegates to the congress , the official Xinhua news agency said .
The dates of the congress have not been announced .
While a foregone conclusion , as party members are chosen for their loyalty and ability to follow instructions , Xi 's election formally starts for him China 's most important political event of the year , the congress , as he has to be a provincial delegate to attend .
Though Xinhua did not explain why Xi would be representing Guizhou - in China 's largely rubber stamp parliament he represents the commercial hub of Shanghai - the province 's top official , Chen Miner , is a trusted confidant of Xi .
Chen has at times ridden on the coat-tails of his former boss since they worked together in Zhejiang province , where Xi was provincial party leader .
Sources with leadership ties have told Reuters that Chen could jump straight into the Standing Committee during the congress , in what would be a show of just how strong Xi is , rather than him having to appoint leaders from competing power bases .
In national politics , Chen is only a member of the 205-member Central Committee , and an elevation to the Standing Committee , which has ultimate power over the world 's second-largest economy , would involve a two-step promotion , missing out the Politburo .
Xinhua made no mention of Chen though he was almost certainly one of the delegates who chose Xi , but said Xi 's election was accompanied by long , enthusiastic applause .
For decades , Guizhou was one of China 's most backward provinces , but in recent years the central government has poured in billions of yuan , with a focus on poverty alleviation and big data .
Xi 's election to represent Guizhou was a great honour for the province and big impetus for its fight against poverty , Xinhua reported .
`` When I heard the news that the general secretary had been unanimously elected , I was extremely excited . This is yearned for by the public and commands their support , '' one of Xi 's electors , Liu Fang , told Xinhua .
Provincial party branches are now choosing a total of 2,300 delegates to the congress , a process that will be completed by June , Xinhua added .
( Reporting by Ben Blanchard ; Editing by Robert Birsel )
NEW YORK — Americans are marking Independence Day with parades , fireworks and , for some , a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation . For others , a sense of a United States divided weighs heavy on its quintessential holiday .
From New York to New Mexico , July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common . Festivities are as elaborate as Macy 's July Fourth fireworks show , as gulp-worthy as Nathan 's Famous hot dog eating contest and as easygoing as backyard barbecues . But in a country roiled with debate over what it means to be an American , there are even competing televised Independence Day events in the nation 's capital .
The country 's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition — PBS ' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol 's West Lawn — is facing new counterprogramming from the White House , which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service 's fireworks show . Both shows feature different `` American Idol '' alums .
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to `` tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities . '' PBS declined to comment .
In New York , the Macy 's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and `` ahhhh , '' plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson , Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC 's broadcast . Earlier , competitive-eating titans will face off at Nathan 's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest on Coney Island , televised by ESPN .
Meanwhile , some communities in the American West have cancelled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger , and some others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics . But fireworks shows will go ahead in such places as Denver and Colorado Springs .
In Boston , the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular features singer-songwriter Rachel Platten , the Indigo Girls , Rhiannon Giddens and Broadway legend Rita Moreno . It 's televised on local station WHDH-TV and streamed on several sites .
In another July Fourth tradition , new U.S. citizens will be sworn in at locales around the country .
They 'll pledge allegiance to a country where some people lament that the ability to debate respectfully the toughest issues of the day seems hopelessly lost . For Brad Messier , a chef in Portland , Maine , the holiday `` seems to illustrate the glaring divides that we have . ''
`` How much does going and seeing fireworks really bring people together ? '' he asks .
Robert Walker , parent of two Humboldt Unified School District students and one graduate , told the school board the district is in need of $ 20 million . This was n't anything board members did n't already know .
Walker , one of the district 's bond and override committee members , recommended the board approve a $ 15 million “ modest ” bond request to the voters after conducting a survey of the community , which indicated support for that amount . The board unanimously agreed following presentations by Superintendent Dan Streeter and the district 's bond company at its June 26 Special Meeting .
Streeter said bond will meet the needs of the district in five categories ; all will help keep the district functional and the students safe .
“ This is not an inspirational bond , it is a needs bond , ” he said .
The district has $ 3 million in its capital budget , and is looking at least $ 7 million in immediate needs . The five categories are : schools ' front office remodels , fire alarm and security systems , technology improvement and upgrades , transportation , and repairs on heating and air conditioning units , roofs and classroom furniture .
While Gov . Doug Ducey 's budget included raises to one employee group — teachers — HUSD has given raises to all its employee groups : certified , classified and professional .
In addition , said Finance Director Cynthia Windham , although it was welcome money , districts ca n't use it for purposes other than salaries . “ We ca n't move it around to the places we need it , ” she said .
Over the past several years , the Arizona School Facilities Board ( ASFB ) has severely cut funding for school districts . In addition , HUSD diverted some money from its capital budget for salary increases to retain employees . Board President Rich Adler said , “ We ca n't do that forever . ”
SAFETY/SECURITY
Following a study of safety issues at each school site , the board focused on front office spaces . The estimated cost of $ 1.1 million for remodels excludes any renovations to the district administration offices , Bright Future Pre-School campus , and exterior fencing and access control points outside of the school buildings .
With the exception of Liberty Traditional School and Glassford Hill Middle School , the fire alarm systems at other locations are more than 10 years old . The district has been replacing components and using adapter kits .
All campuses are safe and properly monitored , Streeter said . However , the ongoing support and upgrades of the systems are becoming more challenging and costly . About $ 900,000 in bond money would standardize the fire alarm system across the district . “ A major system component failure could require a full system overhaul , ” he said .
SCHOOL SAFETY
Adler said the district wants to be proactive when it comes to student safety . About $ 2.5 million is needed for security cameras and video storage servers . These would monitor the perimeter of all school sites , entry points and the main office public areas .
The Arizona Auditor General 's report found that HUSD is a very efficient district in its use of funding , even though the district is in the 15th percentile for student funding per pupil , Streeter said . Many Arizona school districts already are using override and bond money to fulfill budget needs . He would like the community to have the opportunity to be a part of student safety and student learning .
TECHNOLOGY
The district 's 2020 Strategic Plan calls for providing students with laptops and for the upgrading of technology infrastructure . About $ 6.6 million of bond money would accomplish this .
“ While our network currently meets and exceeds our needs , it will become a bottleneck in the years to come if not regularly upgraded , ” Streeter said .
The plan includes 1:1 access for student devices for grades 3-12 , and one computer cart per grade level for grades K-2 . Many of the staff computers are more than eight years old and need upgrading or replacing with refurbished desktop computers .
TRANSPORTATION
The district 's fleet of 84 buses includes two buses that are more than 45 years old , and nine more buses that are 25 years old or more . Six buses have more than 300,000 miles , and 19 additional buses have 200,000 miles or more .
Some settlement money from the Volkswagen lawsuit may pay for two buses , Streeter said . About $ 1.5 million of bond money would pay for 10 new buses . “ We have an ancient fleet of buses and we never seem to be able to catch up , ” Adler said . “ There is a lot of justification for asking for a bond at this time , and I 'm 100 percent in favor . ”
In addition to buses , the funds would pay for a commercial-grade tractor and attachments ( spreader , blade , backhoe , wood chipper and aerator ) .
FACILITIES REPAIRS
Currently , the district is replacing 108 heating , ventilation and cooling ( HVAC ) units . Streeter said after this work is completed , the district still has 61 units more than 15 years old and another 61 more than 12 years old .
Several campuses have had roofs replaced using ASFB funds . Still needed are new roofs for the Building at Bradshaw Mountain High School ( $ 250,000 ) , library and cafeteria at Bradshaw Mountain Middle School ( $ 72,000 ) , district office ( $ 50,000 ) , transportation ( $ 80,000 ) , E Building at Liberty Traditional ( $ 45,000 ) , gym at Humboldt Elementary ( $ 60,000 ) and the former district office ( $ 95,000 ) .
Streeter said in his seven years with the district , spending new furniture has not occurred . He estimates $ 10,000 per classroom for furniture needs . Each elementary school has about 25 classrooms which totals $ 250,000 per school for six of nine schools . The bond will allow $ 2.4 million to cover renovations , repairs and improvement to classrooms and facilities .
“ There 's not enough in the bond to take care of all classrooms , ” Streeter said . Instead , the district will focus on those that are most in need of furniture .
Board members asked which items are immediate needs . Streeter said he sees fire suppression systems , technology infrastructure , buses , HVAC units and roofs as “ must haves . ”
“ The reality is that the needs to keep coming , ” Adler said . “ For us , a conservative board , this is a needs-based bond . ”
Board member Ryan Gray agreed . “ What 's been drilled down here is absolutely essential . For the safety of students , it begins with buses leaving their door , to the campuses , to being safe online . These are the things our community expects us to provide , ” he said .
WHAT THIS MEANS FOR HOMEOWNERS
Michael Vallelee , managing director with Stifel Advantage , presented the board with options for the issuance of bonds . The state requires using a net full cash assessed value and net limited assessed property value to calculate taxes using a 10-year average growth rate of 0.69 percent .
However , since 2014-15 , growth in property values has increased and he conservatively predicts the percentage to be 4.8 percent . The state requires that 10-year calculation be used in the bond pamphlet , however , he added .
State law also mandates that bonds be paid off in 20 years , but the district can decide whether to pay off in 18 , 15 , or fewer years . In addition , they can issue bonds at different time frames , $ 10 million in 2019 and $ 5 million in 2022 , for instance .
Vallelee recommends spreading out the bond money that goes toward technology needs to make the best use of future innovations . He also recommends not paying off bonds in shorter time frames .
“ People moving into the district after five years do n't pay anything if the district pays off its bonds within five years , ” he explained .
Using the 0.69 percent on a 20-year bond , homeowners would pay an average 23.5 cents per $ 100,000 assessed value . For a home valued at 85 percent of market value ( $ 137,540 average in the district ) , which is the price used to assess tax rates , homeowners would pay $ 32.25 per year , about $ 2.69 per month .
For less than half the price of a Starbucks ' coffee every month , students will be safer , Adler said .
Using the more realistic 4.8 percent valuation , the same homeowner would pay $ 24.80 per year ( or $ 18.03/ $ 100,000 assessed value ) or $ 2.07 per month .
Commercial property owners are assessed at a higher rate , and agricultural and vacant properties would pay slightly more than homeowners ' assessment .
The district still has about $ 3.7 million in debt service from a $ 41 million bond approved by voters in 2006 on which taxpayers pay about 90 cents per $ 100,000 assessed value . This will be paid off in eight years . Voters denied an override request in 2013 .
Follow Sue Tone on Twitter @ ToneNotes . Reach her at stone @ prescottaz.com or 928-445-3333 , ext . 2043 .
April 6 Willis Towers Watson Plc :
* Roger Millay , Willis Towers Watson 's chief financial officer , will be voluntarily retiring , effective October 2 , 2017
* Willis Towers Watson announces cfo retirement , effective fall 2017
* Will initiate a search immediately for cfo candidates and intends to complete search over next several months Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Former health chief Janette Garin and Heath Undersecretary Roger Tong-an say the final source of funds for the project came from the health department 's miscellaneous personnel benefits fund
Published 2:14 PM , July 04 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – Former health secretary Janette Garin on Wednesday , July 4 , denied allegations that Philippine Health Insurance Corporation ( PhilHealth ) funds for senior citizens were diverted to the health department 's Barangay Health Stations ( BHS ) project .
Garin made the statement at the Senate hearing on the BHS project , in response to the earlier claim made by PhilHealth officials .
`` Hindi po totoo na may diversion ng fund kasi wala pong P10.6 billion na-release ( It 's not true that there was a diversion of funds because there was no P10.6 billion released ) , ” Garin said .
The former health chief said the BHS project was sourced from the miscellaneous personnel benefits fund ( MPBF ) of the Department of Health ( DOH ) .
DOH Undersecretary Roger Tong-an , who led the agency 's task force on the investigation into the BHS project , also said the project 's funds were sourced from the MPBF .
Some P8.1 billion was earmarked for the project .
In March 2018 , then-PhilHealth interim president Celestina Ma Jude de la Serna filed a complaint before the Office of the Ombudsman accusing Garin of supposedly waiving P10.6 billion originally meant for the payment of senior citizens ' insurance premiums . ( READ : Garin , Padilla face graft complaint over P10.6-B PhilHealth seniors ' fund )
De la Serna alleged that the funds were waived in favor of the establishment of barangay health units .
The BHS project , implemented under Garin , seeks to establish 5,700 rural health units to ensure that villages have access to primary health care . Elementary schools were to be identified as sites for the health stations .
Health Secretary Franciso Duque III said on June 18 that the the DOH had uncovered possibly `` billions of pesos worth of irregularities '' in the project . ( READ : DOH uncovers a billion peso irregularity in Barangay Health Station project – Duque )
Duque also attended the Senate hearing , along with former health chief Paulyn Ubial and other health officials . – Rappler.com
PHILADELPHIA — The Philadelphia 76ers have started an investigation into tweets linked in a report to team president Bryan Colangelo that criticized Sixers players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz , among other NBA figures .
The burner accounts also took aim at former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie , Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel , according to a report by The Ringer website .
`` The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter , '' the Sixers said Wednesday in a statement . `` We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded . ''
The website asked the team about five Twitter accounts it suspected Colangelo was operating . He said in a statement that he used one of the accounts to monitor the NBA industry and other current events , but that he was `` not familiar with any of the other accounts '' brought to his attention and that he did n't know who was `` behind them or what their motives may be in using them . ''
Embiid , the 24-year-old All-Star centre , tweeted that he did n't believe the report .
`` I do n't believe the story . That would just be insane , '' he wrote .
Colangelo was hired as president of basketball operations for Philadelphia in April 2016 . He served as Toronto 's general manager from 2006-2013 .
Colangelo , the son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo , stepped in with the Sixers after Hinkie resigned . He lost his GM job in Toronto after the Raptors missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season , and Ujiri took over basketball operations .
According to The Ringer , one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo downplayed Hinkie 's role in the franchise 's turnaround . It also lamented in another post that Ujiri had n't done anything to make the Raptors better .
Another account accused Embiid of `` playing like a toddler having tantrums , '' and one criticized Fultz for his work with his `` so-called mentor/father figure . ''
April 3 CSP International Fashion Group SpA :
* Said on Saturday that it reached a collective redundancy agreement for about 75 employees in the factory in Ceresara
* Estimates non recurring costs for the restructuring for FY 2017 of 550,000 euros ( $ 586,850.00 )
Source text : www.1info.it
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9372 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON , June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global 's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland .
LONDON – Plenty of us turn to takeout when we 're feeling too sick to cook . But a Belfast woman 's order has gone viral after she asked for a side order of medicine with her food .
Feeley 's Fish & Chip Shop received the unusual request from Fiona Cuffe on December 30 . In the “ ‘ additional comments ” section , she 'd written , “ Will you please stop in Spar on the way and get me Benylin cold & flu tablets and I 'll give you the money , only ordering food so I can get the tablets I 'm dying sick xx . ”
Feeley 's shared a photo of the receipt on Facebook with the caption “ Words absolutely fail me . ”
Despite being taken aback , the restaurant fulfilled the order — and posted a picture of the much-needed flu pills before delivering them .
The original photo has been shared nearly 3,000 times on Facebook , with many commenters from around the world praising Feeley 's customer service . Even Fiona 's father John posted his thanks .
The restaurant 's social media manager , Daniel Casey , told CNN they were “ shocked to see such a strange request — but I admired her skill to get what she needed ! ”
“ And she stated she was dying , so of course we were happy to help .
“ We operate in a small community and the customer in question has used us several times before , ” he said . “ She was delighted at receiving the medicine and we wish her a speedy recovery — our customers are the lifeblood of our business , and we will always do what we can for them . ”
And just in case Fiona 's medicine did n't perk her up , Feeley 's even offered to send her a free meal when she 's feeling better .
Walk down the aisle of your local pharmacy or grocery store and you 'll be bombarded by a dizzying array of bleaching products , from gels and strips to paint-on bleach .
Cosmetic tooth bleaching is a $ 3.2 billion global industry , according to market analysts , and it 's getting bigger fast . It 's easy to see why . Strikingly white , bright smiles dominate TV and social media , and people tend to prefer the bright teeth of youth rather than those that have been yellowed by trauma or age .
But if you decide that you , too , want a brighter smile , it 's hard to know where to start .
`` I 'm a dentist , but I 'm also a consumer and I can certainly get confused by all the products , '' says Ruchi Sahota who practices in Fremont , Calif. A colleague of hers describes the tooth product aisle in stores as the `` dental aisle of confusion , '' because there are so many options . `` You can easily get bewildered standing there trying to figure out which option is the best , '' she says .
The dilemma is n't helped by regulators . Tooth whitening products do n't need approval from the Food and Drug Administration before hitting the market , because the agency considers them `` cosmetic , '' a designation that 's much more lightly regulated than drugs . And , the FDA says it has not determined that any ingredients contained in currently marketed products are unsafe .
The American Dental Association does offer some guidance in choosing a bleaching product — its ADA seal of acceptance . `` The seal is rooted in science , '' says chemist Jamie Spomer , director of the ADA 's seal of acceptance program ; she notes that when a manufacturer applies for the seal , an independent panel of dentists analyzes the company 's data and sometimes performs studies of their own .
The seal is a `` symbol that an independent panel reviewed and approved the product for its safety and effectiveness , '' Spomer says . Many toothpastes carry the ADA seal . So far only one over-the-counter-bleaching product does — Crest 3D White Glamorous White Whitestrips .
Even so , Sahota says many over-the-counter products that do n't carry the seal can still be effective if used as directed . Most cause some tooth sensitivity during the bleaching process , but that goes away once the process is complete , she says . Depending on which product is used , bleaching can take anywhere from two to six weeks .
And , if you 're not careful , Sahota says the products can leak onto the gums , causing inflammation and `` extra sensitivity '' to pressure , temperature and touch .
A safer but more costly option might be to buy a custom-made tray from your dentist , Sahota says . Unlike the one-size-fits-all trays sold over the counter , a dentist makes the tray `` just for you '' she says .
The tray hugs the teeth and ensures the gel is kept where it should be and is evenly applied . The kits cost about $ 400 ; this at-home whitening process can take up to four weeks , depending on how stained the teeth are to begin with . Generally , the trays are worn for one or two hours a day .
If you want an even faster route , you 'll have to pay more . Bleaching in the dental office can run more than $ 1,000 , but results are quick and more dramatic . Dentists use bleaching gels that rely on high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide ( up to 40 percent hydrogen peroxide , compared to a 5 to 6 percent concentration in drugstore kits and a 10 to 15 percent solution in the home-kits from dentists ) .
So the whole process in the dentist 's office can take just an hour or two to complete . And because the peroxide concentrations used there are much higher , the results can be many shades lighter than with take-home kits and over-the-counter products .
An important caveat : Insurance companies consider in-office teeth whitening `` cosmetic '' so the procedures are almost never covered .
Nonetheless , more Americans are opting for in-office whitening . In 2015 , in-office bleaching procedures rose 29 percent over the year before , according to an American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry survey . And there 's at least a little evidence that the whiter the smile the more attractive the person – in a 2012 study both men and women said they prefer white teeth when choosing a mate .
But go to the dentist before you start bleaching , says Ada Cooper , a New York City dentist .
`` Tooth discoloration can be caused by cavities and other oral problems , '' she says . `` It 's more important to maintain healthy teeth . ''
It 's also important to note that not all stains are the same . Some are mostly on the surface of the teeth and come from consuming lots of dark colored liquids like coffee , tea and red wine , as well as foods with vibrant yellow spices like turmeric . The tar and nicotine from cigarettes are also huge culprits . Often surface stains can be diminished by routine brushing , flossing and biannual professional cleaning in the dentist 's office .
Unfortunately , there are deeper stains you just ca n't avoid by being careful about what you eat and drink . These come with aging and years of chewing , which causes millions of tiny cracks in the outer enamel of the tooth . These cracks can fill up with stain . On top of that , the thinning enamel can allow the yellow core of the tooth to become more visible . Grinding teeth at night and brushing too hard can also weaken and thin tooth enamel . Bleaching agents can penetrate these deeper stains and turn the tooth whiter — typically two to seven shades lighter .
There are some discolorations that just ca n't be bleached away . Trauma to a tooth — such as a chip or break — can also permanently discolor it from the inside , and stains from ingesting the antibiotic tetracycline or large amounts of fluoride are also permanent . In these cases , the only option for whiter teeth is a crown or veneer .
All types of bleaching — whether over-the-counter , take-home kits or in the dental office — are temporary , requiring touch-ups at some point . As for homespun remedies promoted online , in social media and in magazines as being `` natural whitening '' agents ( including charcoal , baking soda or lemon juice ) , the ADA says there is no evidence these methods work .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — The 3-year-old birthday boy was in his pajamas , about to go to sleep on a cot inside a shelter packed with hundreds of evacuees affected by a damaged California dam .
With just three hours left on his big day , a group of California Highway Patrol officers showed up at the Chico shelter with a makeshift celebration : an ice cream cake , a balloon , a Captain America figurine , and of course , a song .
“ We decided you needed a cake on your birthday . Happy birthday ! ” Officer Logan Callahan tells the boy as he places a cardboard crown on his head , according to a Facebook Live video that 's been shared widely since it was posted Monday night .
The video was n't part of the plan , said Callahan , a public information officer in CHP 's Chico office . It was taken by a community member who happened upon the scene and started shooting .
Callahan realized it was the boy 's birthday earlier in the day Monday when he was walking around handing out stickers to children staying at the shelter . The boy 's father mentioned that he and his wife had planned to make their son a cake .
“ I 've got a son that 's 2-and-a-half , and this young man is turning 3 , ” Callahan said . “ I figured , ‘ What would I want for my kid if he were in that situation ? ' ”
Mike Wrobel , who took the video , said other evacuees joined in singing “ Happy Birthday ” and seemed touched by the moment .
“ It sure was a bleak setting . But I was grinning ear to ear , as was everyone else , ” Wrobel said . “ It was a little bit of joy in a situation filled with a lot of sadness . ”
Neither Wrobel nor Callahan know much about the boy or his parents , just that the boy 's name is Junior . Wrobel was hoping to reconnect with them Tuesday to show them the video he took and how many people were enjoying it .
Nearly 200,000 people were ordered evacuated Sunday over fears that a damaged spillway at a Lake Oroville dam could fail and unleash a wall of water . The evacuees were allowed to return home Tuesday after two nights of uncertainty , but they were warned they may still have to again flee to higher ground on a moment 's notice if hastily made repairs to the battered structure do n't hold .
Theatre Royal Wakefield has released a sneak preview of what to expect from this year 's Pantomime .
Oh yes it is nearly that time of year again .
Dame Widow Twankey
And with just seven weeks to go until performers take to the stage , panto favourite Dame Widow Twankey gives a taster of what 's in store .
Aladdin is this year 's show , and it features colourful costumes , genies , wishes and of course , that magic lamp .
The performance sees hero Aladdin team up with a courageous princess . Together they take on a wicked old sorcerer and discover an abundance of riches beyond their wildest dreams .
It runs from Thursday , November 23 until Sunday , January 7 , 2018 .
British Sign Language interpreted performances are on Thursday , December 7 at 1.30pm and 6pm . And a relaxed performance will take place on Thursday , November 30 at 10am .
Two lawsuits have come to light wherein male pilots accuse 82-year-old Nick Caporella — the CEO of National Beverage , which produces La Croix sparkling water — of sexual harassment .
The lawsuits were filed in the last two years in Florida , naming both Caporella and National Beverage as defendants .
The two former employees claim Caporella inappropriately touched them while flying with him — Caporella also pilots the aircraft — in his business jet 's cockpit . One of the lawsuits was settled in January of 2018 .
The settled lawsuit , filed by pilot Terence Huenefeld , accused Caporella of “ repeated unjustified , unwarranted and uninvited grabbing , rubbing and groping of Terry 's leg in a sexual manner , reaching up towards Terry 's sexual organs ” across 18 flights between March and July of 2016 . The accusations were withdrawn as a condition of the settlement .
The other lawsuit , filed by pilot Vincent Citrullo , is still pending . It accuses Caporella of engaging in unwanted touching across 14 flights , including grabbing Citrullo under his armpit and thigh , and moving his right hand up towards Citrullo 's genitals across the left leg .
Glenn Waldman , an attorney representing both Caporella and National Beverage , denied the pilots ' claims . He said the pilots are targeting Caporella because of his age and wealth . He claims to have spoken with other pilots who flew with Caporella .
“ I talked to all of the former pilots going back decades . Nothing like this ever happened , ” said Waldman .
National Beverage denied the allegation in a statement released Tuesday :
National Beverage Corp. and Nick Caporella completely and unequivocally deny the allegations recited in today 's Wall Street Journal . “ There is no truth to any of the allegations and nothing remotely akin to the alleged events occurred , ” the Company stated . “ The allegations , which were lifted from employment-related lawsuits filed by two former associates , are contrary to the statements of many others who have known and flown with Mr. Caporella for decades . The Journal reporter chose to recklessly disregard documentary evidence that refuted the allegations that were the subject of the report. ” Samuel Hathorn , chairman of the Company 's Audit Committee , stated , “ The Board is aware of the allegations and knows them to be untrue , based on our knowledge of Mr. Caporella and the investigation that was conducted . ”
Forbes estimates Caporella 's net worth at $ 4.2 billion .
La Croix sparkling water is described as “ cultishly beloved ” by EATER .
Follow Robert Kraychik on Twitter .
ATLANTA — A section of westbound Interstate 20 in Atlanta is closed after a section of the roadway bulged up from the ground and launched a motorcycle rider into the air Monday afternoon .
The DeKalb County Police initially said an underground gas leak caused the “ defect ” in the roadway in the southeast part of the city .
Fire officials later said crews were pumping concrete into old , abandoned gas lines under the freeway and there was some sort of malfunction that caused a build-up of air pressure . The air pressure eventually caused the ground under the roadway to surge upward .
HOV lane I20 WB buckled between Flat Shoals & Gresham . DOT on scene assessing damage . Avoid area pic.twitter.com/gLkv4eRzSB — DeKalb County Police ( @ DeKalbCountyPD ) April 17 , 2017
Officials with the DeKalb County Fire Rescue confirmed that the driver of a motorcycle hit the huge bump and was launched into the air . Officials say the motorcycle came to a stop about 200 feet from the bulge in the highway .
The motorcycle rider was hospitalized in critical condition after the crash , fire officials said .
DCFR & DOT units are onscene of a large buckle in the HOV lane @ I20 WB & Gresham Rd . https : //t.co/9w72GFEB4F — DCFR Public Affairs ( @ DCFRpubaffairs ) April 17 , 2017
Officials said the buckled highway is causing a traffic “ nightmare ” for westbound travelers .
Just last month , Atlanta had another big problem on a different freeway .
A massive fire caused a section of Interstate 85 to collapse .
Crews said that section of highway would be closed for months during repairs .
Just as the White House is caught in a political minefield over the Russia investigation , the Pentagon is taking its toughest line yet against Russia 's resurgent nuclear forces .
Scroll for more content ...
In its newly released Nuclear Posture Review , the Defense Department has focused much of its multibillion nuclear effort on an updated nuclear deterrence focused on Russia .
`` Russia considers the United States and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) to be the principal threats to its contemporary geopolitical ambitions , '' the report says .
`` The Defense Intelligence Agency currently estimates Russia has a stockpile of 2,000 `` non-strategic '' nuclear weapons including short-range ballistic missiles , gravity bombs and depth charges that can go on medium range bomber aircraft , '' according to the report .
`` DIA also estimates Russia has nuclear armed anti-ship , anti-submarine missiles and torpedoes . What do they need nuclear depth charges for ? '' one US official asked .
The Pentagon is adamant the Nuclear Posture Review walks the line between maintaining a nuclear deterrence and encouraging controls on nuclear weapons .
`` It reaffirms that the fundamental role of US nuclear policy is deterrence and continues our clear commitment to nonproliferation and arms control , '' said Deputy Defense Secretary Patrick Shanahan .
First mention of Russian nuclear torpedo system
The report also publicly acknowledges , for the first time , that Russia is `` developing '' a `` new intercontinental , nuclear armed , nuclear-powered , undersea autonomous torpedo . ''
Known in English as the `` Status-6 '' system , the program is described by US officials as essentially a drone-type device fired underwater that can potentially travel thousands of miles and strike US coastal targets such as military bases or cities .
Upon detonation , the device is designed to cause large zones of radioactive contamination .
Some analysts have called it a `` doomsday weapon , '' and US Sen. Tom Cotton , R-Arkansas , has labeled the concept `` destabilizing . ''
`` The concept is a horror of the Cold War , '' according to Adam Mount , a senior fellow and the director of the Defense Posture Project at the Federation of American Scientists . `` It is clearly inspired by overblown Russian worries that US missile defenses will make their missile forces obsolete . ''
`` There is no indication from public information that Russia is actively developing the system , but it is alarming to see it in a Pentagon document , '' Mount said , adding that while the program is referenced in the Nuclear Posture Review , it is not mentioned in other government reports .
Low yield nuclear weapons
The review calls for more focus on US `` low yield '' nuclear weapons to try to convince Russia that the US has a credible deterrent against the potential Russian threat . The plan calls for modifying existing US warheads on submarine-launched ballistic missiles in a $ 50 million five-year program .
Each submarine would only carry a few of these new missiles , armed primarily with strategic longer-range missiles .
`` Neither recommendation requires developing new nuclear warheads , '' Shanahan said . `` Neither will increase the size of our nuclear stockpile . They break no treaty . ''
`` The idea is to have one or two or just a few to address this potential Russian limited use , '' according to one Pentagon official .
But according to some experts , the plan translates President Donald Trump 's urge to `` greatly expand and strengthen '' the arsenal into policy .
`` The Trump administration 's call for new nuclear weapons is a major shift in US policy , '' Mount said when asked the proposal for low-yield nuclear weapons .
`` Programs for new nuclear weapons would follow our adversaries into a world where nuclear competition is commonplace . The programs would crowd out other military priorities , alarm allies , and have huge diplomatic cost -- for minimal deterrence benefit , '' he said .
Mount said that the review 's outline for low-yield nuclear weapons `` relies on the assumption that Russia would invade NATO allies , and glosses over important arguments about where and why these weapons would ever be necessary . ''
Low-yield ballistic missiles could be fielded within just a few years .
Longer-range missiles could come over the next decade , and the US would plan to develop and field sea-launched cruise missiles also with lower-yield warheads .
The review is calling for all of this along with an overall modernization of the nuclear force because the Pentagon requires an `` investment in a credible nuclear deterrent with diverse capabilities , '' chief Pentagon spokesperson Dana White told reporters .
Defense Secretary James Mattis said : `` What we have is a nuclear deterrent , so keep those two words always together and then look at the efforts to push forward on nonproliferation and arms control , and you have to do that when you 're in a position of persuasion not of hope . ''
April 3 Capstone Infrastructure Corp
* Capstone infrastructure corporation announces management and director changes
* Appointment of Andrew Kennedy to position of chief financial officer effective April 1 , 2017
* Capstone Infrastructure - Michael Smerdon , Capstone 's outgoing CFO , will assume title of chief executive officer of Icon Infrastructure Canada Inc
* Smerdon will remain on Capstone 's board of directors Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
May 3 Cardtronics Plc
* Cardtronics announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $ 0.55
* Q1 revenue $ 357.6 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 349.5 million
* Sees FY 2017 adjusted earnings per share $ 2.80 to $ 3.00
* Q1 GAAP loss per share $ 0.02
* Sees FY 2017 revenue $ 1.45 billion to $ 1.5 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.63 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Cardtronics Plc sees full year 2017 capital expenditures of $ 140 million to $ 150 million
* Cardtronics Plc - Approximate revenue impact associated with atm deinstallation is approximately $ 50 million to $ 70 million in 2017
* Cardtronics Plc - Approximate impact to gross margin associated with atm deinstallation will be approximately $ 30 million to $ 35 million in 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
In a game that resembled tires spinning in the mud , the Buckeye Valley girls basketball team got off to an 8-0 start and never trailed in a 56-49 win over North Union in MOAC action Friday night in Delaware .
“ We 're usually a team that starts slow , ” BV senior Morgan Scowden said . “ Our coach ( Travis Stout ) had us try something new . He had us warm up an hour or two before game time and I think that really helped us . ”
Tess Hughes scored six points to lead the opening rally and Scowden paced the Barons ( 11-6 , 6-4 ) the rest of the way with 16 points .
“ Scowden has worked so hard to be a more level player , ” Stout said . “ I think Morgan has improved on the defensive end and that has allowed her to gain more confidence and be a steady force for us . She 's really developed into one of our better players . ”
Hughes finished with 12 points and Dani Grether scored 10 and pulled down eight rebounds off the bench for BV , which swept the season series .
“ Our kids have worked so hard to get to this point , ” Stout said . “ We lost 20 straight games to North Union and we beat them twice this year . It just shows you that it 's nothing that I 'm doing … nothing that the coaches are doing … it 's a credit to them . They 've done what we 've asked them to do since day one and it 's paying off for them . ”
The Wildcats stayed close , pulling within three aided by a Taylor Day and-one and two Maddi Ruhl three-pointers .
But , the Barons pushed the lead back thanks to a couple of Scowden baskets and a third from Grether to lead 25-18 at the break .
The game slowed to a crawl in the second half as the teams combined for 27 fouls and 38 free throw attempts .
The Wildcats got as close as three on a couple of occasions in the third , the first off of a Ruhl three-pointer .
Scowden buried a three from the right corner through contact to push it to 40-33 to start a 7-2 rally and NU never got within striking distance again .
“ It was important that we were able to get that lead back , ” Stout said .
Hannah Cowan added a pair of free throws and Hughes knocked down a jumper during the spurt . Cowan finished with seven points and eight boards for BV .
“ ( Hughes ) is a leader for us just in the way she conducts herself in practice , ” Stout said . “ She 's another that had a good year for us last year , but has just become more consistent and a steady force for us . Her leadership and her overall approach has just been phenomenal . ”
Ruhl led the Wildcats ( 12-7 , 6-5 ) with 15 points on the strength of four threes and Avery Clark had 21 rebounds to go with 13 points .
Next up , BV plays out of league for the final time of the regular season when it hosts Grandview Heights Tuesday at 7:30 p.m .
Buckeye Valley 's Morgan Scowden soars toward the hoop during the first half of Friday 's MOAC showdown against visiting North Union . http : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/02/web1_bvscowden.jpg Buckeye Valley 's Morgan Scowden soars toward the hoop during the first half of Friday 's MOAC showdown against visiting North Union . Ben Stroup | Gazette
By Michael Rich For the Gazette
Follow Michael Rich on Twitter @ mrichnotwealthy or contact him at mrichnotwealthy @ gmail.com .
Follow Michael Rich on Twitter @ mrichnotwealthy or contact him at mrichnotwealthy @ gmail.com .
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan ( before tax ) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016 , to shareholders of record on June 19
There are too many excellent ( and crazy ) advice columns to keep up with , so we 're committed to bringing you links to the best advice column questions and answers every week . Here 's a roundup of the most interesting , thought-provoking and surprising questions that our favorite columnists addressed in recent days .
What Should I Do After Accidentally Unfriending Someone When She Came Out As Trans ?
I am Facebook friends with a well-known practitioner in my field . I 've never met him , but he posts interesting things and blogs about various developments in our field . I sometimes comment on his blog .
One morning I saw a bunch of posts in my Facebook feed featuring pictures and such from a somewhat flamboyant blond woman with the same last name as this fellow . Having never seen her before , I assumed she was his spouse , and I 'd somehow accepted her friend request . There were a lot of posts that I was not interested in ( fashion , glamour ) , so I quickly unfriended her .
I continued to scroll down and saw her first post — she had just come out as trans . She was formerly he , the practitioner I knew and followed .
I feel terrible . I would never unfriend someone for coming out as transgender . How should I handle it ? Just refriend ? Ignore it ?
[ The New York Times Magazine ]
Kwame Anthony Appiah , the current incarnation of the Ethicist , says it 's likely the person did n't even notice the unfriending , but that a note of explanation could n't hurt . `` You could just refriend , '' he says . `` But you could also send a private message to her that says something like : ' I accidentally unfriended you the other day because I did n't recognize the new you ! Congratulations ! '' Read the rest of his answer .
How Can I Convince My Boyfriend To Abandon His Orphaned Stepchildren ?
I adore `` Dan . '' He is everything I want in a man : sweet , funny , kind , and handsome . Dan lost his wife of four years to a drunk driver three years ago ; he is still obsessively involved with her children . I would n't think anything about it if Dan had raised these girls from birth , but they were 11 and 7 when Dan married their mother . Their biological father was not overly involved in their lives but not willing to sign away his paternal rights . His mother is the one with the day-to-day custody .
The 18-year-old moved in with Dan as soon as her birthday came . She has no plans for school as of now , does not have a full-time job , and calls Dan `` Daddy . '' I am very uncomfortable when I go over to Dan 's condo and she is there . I know she does n't like me , and while she has n't made any overtly hostile moves , she hugs Dan all the time and deliberately brings up her younger sister and interferes with any plans that we are making ( `` you ca n't do anything Sunday , Daddy , Julie has a game , '' et cetera ! ) .
The entire situation makes me queasy . When the 14-year-old comes over , the three of them are this little impregnable unit , and I feel like the new kid in the lunchroom ... I feel like the Evil Stepmother except they are n't my stepkids ! They are n't even Dan 's anymore ! Every time I bring up our relationship , Dan filters it through the kids ' angle ... I know I love Dan . I want to have a family with him , but he is stuck in the past . What can I do here ?
[ Slate ]
`` I do n't often find myself wishing that a letter were fake , but I hope very much that this one is , '' writes Mallory Ortberg , aka Dear Prudence . On the chance it is n't fake , Ortberg asks the letter writer either to find a way to accept Dan 's relationship with his stepchildren or to break up with him . Read the rest of her answer .
NLEX gets its first win in 2018
Published 7:51 PM , February 03 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines - Larry Fonacier and Cyrus Baguio 's 4th quarter heroics powered the NLEX Road Warriors in halting their 4-game skid with an 81-78 victory over Barangay Ginebra in the 2018 PBA Philippine Cup at the Cuneta Astrodome in Pasay Saturday , February 3 .
NLEX trailed by as much as 14 points before gaining its bearings as it closed the gap to just 4 points entering the final period , 55-59 .
It was in the 4th quarter when Baguio , who scored just two points in the first 3 quarters , showcased his scoring aplomb , racking up the Road Warriors ' first 11 points in the final period to keep the team within striking distance , 66-71 .
Fonacier then took the scoring cudgels and buried a layup then a triple with 5:03 left in the game as NLEX took a 75-73 advantage .
Ginebra once again took the upper hand behind Japeth Aguilar and Greg Slaughter until JR Quinahan knocked down back-to-back buckets for a 79-77 NLEX lead with 1:47 minutes remaining .
Slaughter had a chance to tie the game after hauling down an offensive board off Aguilar 's missed triple but he split his charities as Alex Mallari secured the rebound for NLEX .
Fonacier then sank a technical free throw due to Ginebra 's delay of the game violation while Ravena split his freebies , leaving no time for the Gin Kings to get a decent 3-point attempt .
Fonacier finished with 17 points while Baguio had a well-rounded showing of 13 points , 6 rebounds , 4 steals , and 3 assists . Quinahan and Mallari chipped in 14 and 11 markers , respectively , in the win .
Aguilar finished with 21 points and 7 boards while LA Tenorio was the only other Ginebra player to reach double figures with 12 points and 5 rebounds .
NLEX and Ginebra have identical 3-4 cards .
The Scores :
NLEX ( 81 ) : Fonacier 18 , Quinahan 14 , Baguio 13 , Mallari 11 , Ravena 7 , Taulava 5 , Tiongson 4 , Alas 4 , Miranda 2 , Soyud 2 , Ighalo 2 , Uyloan 0 , Gotladera 0
Ginebra ( 78 ) : J. Aguilar 21 , Tenorio 12 , R. Aguilar 9 , Slaughter 9 , Thompson 8 , Cruz 8 , Ferrer 6 , Mercado 5 , Taha 0 , Caguioa 0
Quarter scores : 19-20 , 35-43 , 55-59 , 81-78
– Rappler.com
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Islamists around the Arab world celebrated Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan 's victory Sunday in a referendum to give the head of state expanded powers .
The referendum to go forward with executive presidency won with 51.4 % voting in favor .
Khaled Mashal , head of Hamas ' politburo in Gaza , spoke with President Erdoğan by phone and congratulated him several hours after polling stations closed . A website belonging to Hamas reported that Mashal “ wished Turkey and the Turkish people and their leaders continued success , progress and prosperity . ”
Islamists and their supporters also celebrated the victory on social media , with many expressing hope that the successful referendum would result in increased support from Erdoğan for the opposition in Syria , currently battling the government forces of President Bashar Assad .
Abou Baker , a senior Syrian jihadist and commander of the Mujahadeen Army militia fighting Assad in Syria , wrote , “ This is a divine reward for Erdoğan 's good actions . Allah helped the good man Erdoğan , guided his hand , supported him , strengthened his hands and granted him all the best . ”
وماجزاءالإحسان الإحسان اللهم
كن للرجل الطيب أردوغان ناصرا ونصيرا وعون ومعينااللهم أيده بنصرك وأجر الخير على يديه وهيئ
له بطانة صالحةياالله — المقدم أبو بكر ( @ bbakr70 ) April 16 , 2017
An Islamist activist known as Ahmad Abu Farha wrote , “ The Caliphs were taken from us gradually and they will only return to us gradually , according to Allah 's plan . The human mosquitos wo n't be able to delay it or interfere . ”
الخلافة الراشدة سلبت منا بالتدريج و لن ترجع لنا الا بالتدريج وفق السنن الربانية في التغيير و ان نواميس الكون لا تعاند و لا تسابق — أحمد أبو فرحة ( @ ahmadabufarha21 ) April 16 , 2017
Yasser Zaatreh , a journalist and Islamist in Jordan , wrote , “ The strengthening of Erdoğan in these delicate times is very important for the maintenance of Turkey 's power both on a regional and international level . At times like this , courage and wisdom are needed along with a lot of reason . ”
قوة أردوغان في هذه اللحظة الحساسة على الصعيد الدولي والإقليمي، هي قوة لتركيا . في مثل هذه اللحظات لا بد من قوة وجرأة مع كثير من الحكمة . — ياسر الزعاترة ( @ YZaatreh ) April 17 , 2017
Islamist journalist and author Muhamad Alshinqiti wrote , “ Secularism in Turkey has been defeated by democracy – as it soon will be in the Arab countries . ”
انهزمت العلمانية في تركيا على يد الديمقراطية .. عقبى للدول العربية # استفتاء_تركيا — محمد مختار الشنقيطي ( @ mshinqiti ) April 16 , 2017
Syrian jihadist Abou Rayan Almaasada wrote , “ Today the Turks put an end to secularism . The legal changes put an end to what was left of the age of Ataturk and summon in a new age , or more correctly , an old age renewed . God guided their hands . ”
اليوم ينجح الاتراك بانهاء العلمانية
تعديلات دستويه تعلن انتهاء ماتبقى من عصر اتاتورك وبداية عهد جديد او ربما عهد قديم يتجدد
اللهم يسر لهم — أبوريان المأسدة ( @ alm2sda ) April 16 , 2017
Another social media user , Anwar Alsaadi wrote , “ The Sultan did this . Congratulations to Turkey which has been granted its Sultan . ”
He played one of the most mocked characters in film history — and now , almost 20 years later , Ahmed Best admits that the backlash he felt after portraying Jar Jar Binks in the Star Wars prequels led him to consider taking his own life .
In an emotional tweeted posted on Tuesday , Best , 44 , opened up about one of his darkest days as he shared a photo of himself with his son , revisiting the place where he contemplated suicide .
The actor did not name the Star Wars films explicitly , but his first major film role ( as Jar Jar in Star Wars : Episode I — The Phantom Menace ) was released 19 years ago , in 1999 .
Ahmed Best , Jar Jar Binks Brian To/FilmMagic ; Lucasfilm/Kobal/REX/Shutterstock
“ 20 years next year I faced a media backlash that still affects my career today , ” Best tweeted , captioning a picture of himself and his son looking out on a bridge .
“ This was the place I almost ended my life , ” he continued . “ It 's still hard to talk about . I survived and now this little guy is my gift for survival . ”
20 years next year I faced a media backlash that still affects my career today . This was the place I almost ended my life . It 's still hard to talk about . I survived and now this little guy is my gift for survival . Would this be a good story for my solo show ? Lem me know . pic.twitter.com/NvVnImoJ7N — Ahmed BEst ( @ ahmedbest ) July 3 , 2018
Last July , Best spoke out about how he found his way through the public 's adverse reaction to Jar Jar .
Many had criticized the character for being too cartoony , slamming Star Wars creator George Lucas for inserting him in the story just to sell toys . Sites like JarJarMustDie.com were launched , while fan forums spent years mocking the character .
At the time , Best was just 25 . “ I had death threats through the internet , ” he told Wired . “ I had people come to me and say , ‘ You destroyed my childhood . ' That 's difficult for a 25-year-old to hear . ”
“ There were a lot of tears , there was a lot of pain , there was a lot of s— I had to deal with , ” Best added . “ Everybody else went on . Everybody else worked . Everybody else was accepted by the zeitgeist . ”
RELATED VIDEO : Can You Guess Lupita Nyong ' o 's Favorite Character from the Star Wars Franchise ?
As tough as it was , Best still remained with the character . He reprised it in a few of the franchise 's animated shows , including The Clone Wars . And he 's gone on to produce On Location with Ahmed Best , a series on starwars.com in which he chats with various cast and crew members .
“ There are so many layers to Jar Jar that people did not look at because everyone was ready to be angry , ” Best told Wired while looking back on the character . “ There is a heart to Jar Jar that people do n't really get . ”
If you or someone you know is considering suicide , please contact the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK ( 8255 ) .
Eight years ago , Haiti suffered a catastrophic earthquake that killed hundreds of thousands and left millions homeless . While the 2010 disaster has faded from the world 's memory , the focus remains crystal clear for at least one Coast church and the mission it supports .
No more Mr. Nice Guy .
Attorney General Jeff Sessions came out swinging Tuesday , blasting his former colleagues in the U.S. Senate for their sham investigation into these loony accusations that somehow Mr . Sessions conspired with Russians to rig last year 's election .
The ever-courtly Mr . Sessions ripped Sen. Al Franken , current Minnesota Democrat and former “ comedian , ” for his “ rambling ” question during Mr . Sessions ' January confirmation hearings that sparked a feeding frenzy among Democratic dodo birds desperate to find the slenderest reed of a connection between Russia and anyone who has ever supported President Trump .
With precision and accuracy Tuesday , Mr . Sessions noted how Mr. Franken had larded his question with bamboozling charges about “ compromising personal information ” the Russians had supposedly collected about Mr. Trump .
The “ Saturday Night Live ” sketch actor asserted “ there was a continuing exchange of information during the campaign between Trump surrogates and intermediaries for the Russian government . ”
Finally , Mr. Franken got down to his question : What would Mr . Sessions do — as attorney general — if evidence ever actually surfaced suggesting that the Trump campaign really had conspired with the Russian government to rig the American election .
Blindsided , yet still eager to be forthcoming and truthful , Mr . Sessions simply answered that he was not aware of any such conspiracy .
In his confirmation hearing , Mr . Sessions answered Mr. Franken 's question truthfully and accurately . Ironically , it was every core assertion in Mr. Franken 's question that has since been proven utterly false or entirely unfounded .
In Tuesday 's testimony , Mr . Sessions excoriated — in a voice that appeared quavering with anger at times — those who are knowingly distorting plain and simple events into this vast web of conspiracy .
“ The suggestion that I participated in any collusion or that I was aware of any collusion with the Russian government to hurt this country , which I have served with honor for over 35 years , or to undermine the integrity of our democratic process , is an appalling and detestable lie , ” he said , looking sharply at the senators he worked alongside for the past two decades .
He also reminded the committee that — despite the unrelenting lies by Democrats and the media — the attorney general NEVER recused himself from the Trump-Russia investigation because of some phantom ties he had to Russia , but rather because he was part of Mr. Trump 's presidential campaign .
Defiantly adding this : “ I recused myself from any investigation into the campaigns for president , but I did not recuse myself from defending my honor against scurrilous and false accusations . ”
Mr . Sessions even went so far as to gently ridicule his former colleagues for focusing on such petty , political and trivial nonsense at a time when far more pressing matters should be occupying their full attention .
“ Just last week , it was reported that overdose deaths in this country are rising faster than ever recorded , ” he said . “ The murder rate is up over 10 percent — the largest increase since 1968 . ”
Yet , there they were . Democrats and Republicans , alike , united in bipartisan investigation into Russians under every bed and around every corner and a hopeless , slobbering media chasing wildly after every last unfounded accusation .
In a reminder to Democrats on the committee why political neophyte Donald Trump beat their veteran candidate in last year 's election , Mr . Sessions pointed out that yet again Congress has abandoned the American people .
“ The president wants to focus on the people of this country to ensure they are treated fairly and kept safe , ” he said . “ The Trump agenda is to improve the lives of the American people . I know some have other agendas but that is his agenda and it is one I share . ”
If only those in Congress had the political instincts or noble statesmanship of President Trump , we just might get something done around here .
Charles Hurt can be reached at churt @ washingtontimes.com and on Twitter by @ charleshurt .
THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- For the first time , electricity has been sent between Newfoundland and Nova Scotia through the new Maritime Link .
The 500-megawatt transmission line was tested Friday , but wo n't go into commercial operation until early in the New Year .
Rick Janega , the CEO of Emera Newfoundland and Labrador , calls the test an historic accomplishment and the culmination of almost seven years of work .
The project includes two 170-kilometre subsea cables across the Cabot Strait , with almost 50 kilometres of overland transmission in Nova Scotia and more than 300 kilometres of overland transmission in Newfoundland .
Once in service , the link will improve electrical interconnections between the Atlantic provinces and connect Newfoundland to the North American energy grid for the first time .
The link will eventually carry power from the Muskrat Falls hydro project in Labrador , where construction is running behind schedule and billions of dollars over budget .
A former Connecticut high school teacher accused of sexually assaulting students was found driving around one of her alleged victims , violating an order prohibiting her from contacting her victims , police said .
Police pulled over Laura Calladio Ramos , 32 , of Milford , on June 22 when an officer spotted her driving while talking on a cell phone and discovered an alleged victim of hers had been in the car with her , the Connecticut Post reported .
Authorities charged Ramos , who resigned from her job as a special education teacher at Bridgeport 's Central High School in June 2017 , with violating a protective order from the court ordering her not to have any contact with the students involved in the case .
Investigators suspect Ramos might have sexually assaulted multiple victims .
Ramos is awaiting trial for two counts of second-degree sexual assault , which she had been charged with after allegedly telling police she had sex with a student in her vehicle “ multiple times ” between December 2016 and April 2017 .
Authorities say Ramos also sexually assaulted a second student multiple times in a restaurant 's electrical room , telling the student her husband no longer wanted to have an intimate relationship with her .
The former teacher is currently free on $ 50,000 bond and will appear before Superior Court Judge Robert Devlin at a court hearing Thursday .
VOL . 42 | NO . 21 | Friday , May 25 , 2018
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump and Democratic critics traded outraged , sometimes plainly false accusations about immigration as the debate over `` lost '' children and the practice of separating families caught crossing the border illegally reached a new boiling point .
The White House on Tuesday wrongly blamed Democrats for forcing Trump 's administration to separate children from parents . Liberal activists and others , including some from media outlets , tried to highlight the issue by tweeting photos of young people in steel cages that actually were taken during the Obama administration . Others seized on reports the government had `` lost '' more than 1,000 children , though that was n't quite the case .
It all comes just in time for the midterm elections as Republicans and Democrats try to rally core voters by pointing fingers at one another . Trump won the presidency promising to build a wall along the southern border and end illegal immigration , and the White House believes stressing the same issues will drive voters to the polls and help the GOP hang on to their majorities in the Senate and House .
The White House is `` really beating the immigration drum in the lead-up to the midterm elections as a rallying cry and as a way of mobilizing voter support for Trump and the candidates that he chooses , '' said Doris Meissner , a senior fellow at the nonpartisan Migration Policy Institute and former commissioner of the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service during the Clinton administration . `` It does seem to provoke a ratcheting up across the board . ''
Indeed , the situation grew so hostile over the holiday weekend that the president 's elder daughter , White House adviser Ivanka Trump , came under fire for tweeting a photo of herself and her youngest son in their pajamas Sunday morning .
`` Focus on what is before you , on what you can control and ignore the trolls ! '' she later wrote .
During a White House conference call Tuesday , senior adviser Stephen Miller contended `` the current immigration and border crisis '' is `` the exclusive product of loopholes in federal immigration law that Democrats refuse to close . ''
That was after Trump lit up social media over the weekend by falsely claiming there was a `` horrible law '' that separates children from their parents after they cross the border illegally . He had said previously that `` we have to break up families '' at the border because `` the Democrats gave us that law . ''
But there 's no law mandating that parents must be separated from their children , and it 's not a policy Democrats have pushed or can change alone as the minority in Congress . The tactic 's increased use is being driven by Trump 's administration , which recently announced a new `` zero-tolerance policy '' in which it will press criminal charges against all people crossing the border illegally , even if they have few or no previous offenses . More children are expected to be separated from their parents as a result .
A Customs and Border Protection official told lawmakers last week that 658 children had been separated from their parents at the border from May 6 to May 19 as the parents face charges . That 's in addition to hundreds more who were estimated to have been removed from their parents since October .
The practice has drawn condemnation from Trump critics , who have long accused him of supporting inhumane policies in his efforts to crack down on illegal immigration .
`` He actually called the practice horrible . If he thinks it 's so horrible then he ought to just end it and not make the children a negotiating tool , '' said Lee Gelernt , deputy director of the American Civil Liberties Union 's Immigrants ' Rights Project .
`` It 's never a good idea to separate small children from their parents , '' said Rep. Carlos Curbelo , R-Fla. `` I can not defend that , nor do I wish to . ''
Curbelo is a leader of GOP lawmakers trying to force House immigration votes next month over leaders ' objections .
Trump foes made their own missteps in the debate .
Over the weekend , some critics of the policy tweeted photos of young-looking immigrants at the U.S.-Mexico border in steel cages and blamed the Trump administration for separating immigrant children from their parents . The problem : The photos were taken by The Associated Press in 2014 , when Barack Obama was in office , and the photo captions reference children who crossed the border as unaccompanied minors .
How or why the story resurfaced on social media four years after it was published was unclear . But Trump seized on the error .
`` Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obama 's term showing children from the Border in steel cages . They thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad , but backfires , '' Trump tweeted Tuesday . `` Dems must agree to Wall and new Border Protection for good of country ... Bipartisan Bill ! ''
It 's unclear what `` Bipartisan Bill ! '' Trump might have been referring to .
Congress is heading toward an immigration showdown in the House as Republican moderates force a June vote on legislation to protect young `` Dreamer '' immigrants and beef up border security .
GOP leaders are trying to stop the bill , which has robust support from Democrats and some Republicans . They 're worried any legislation that smacks of `` amnesty '' for immigrants in the U.S. illegally would dampen conservative enthusiasm ahead of the midterms .
Instead , House Speaker Paul Ryan and his leadership team are trying to put together an alternative approach that most Republicans would support . But finding common ground remains difficult . Trump so far has not engaged in the Capitol Hill debate , even as he repeatedly insists Congress must act .
Also making the rounds on social media over the holiday weekend : Allegations that children placed in custody have been `` lost '' by federal authorities , which officials say is n't the case .
The allegation , which sparked # WhereAreOurChildren on Twitter , grew out of testimony in April by a federal official that the government had lost track of nearly 1,500 unaccompanied minor children it placed with adult sponsors in the U.S .
An official from the Health and Human Services Department told a congressional hearing last month that his department placed follow-up phone calls from October to December to U.S. households that were sponsoring minors who crossed the border without their parents . They reached 86 percent of the children or sponsors , but the department could not verify the whereabouts of 1,475 . In some cases , sponsors simply did n't respond to the follow-up phone call , not surprising because many are themselves in the U.S. illegally and reluctant to speak to authorities .
`` If you call a friend and they do n't answer the phone , you do n't assume that they 've been kidnapped , '' HHS ' Steven Wagner said .
Officials said Tuesday they are planning more thorough screening of both minors and their sponsors , including a fingerprint background check of every sponsor .
___
Associated Press writers Anne Flaherty and Lisa Mascaro in Washington , Elliot Spagat in San Diego , and Alan Fram in Homestead , Florida , contributed to this report .
___
Follow Colvin on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/colvinj .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
( AFP ) Female sex workers and homeless drug addicts in Tehran should be “ convinced ” to undergo sterilization to prevent social problems , a deputy provincial governor in the Iranian capital said on Sunday .
“ These women deal drugs , consume drugs and also work as sex workers , ” Siavash Shahrivar told the ILNA news agency .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“ Over 20 percent of them have AIDS and [ they ] spread various diseases , ” he said .
“ In addition to… spreading depravity , they reproduce like hatching machines and as their children have no guardians , they sell them , ” he added .
“ There is a project , a reality , an opinion , agreed on by many NGOs and the social elite , that if a woman is sick , and is also a sex worker and has no place to stay , she should be sterilized with her own approval , and not forcefully . ”
“ The sterilization should be done through a project to convince homeless women to prevent social harm , ” he added .
Last week , when images of homeless men and women sleeping in open graves outside Tehran shocked Iranian society , a cartoonist said on social media that the women must be sterilized because they give birth to children with “ weak genes . ”
The suggestion by Bozorgmehr Hosseinpour to “ block the misery of poor humans who enter this world with many diseases , pain and addiction ” outraged many people . Some said it reminded them of “ Nazi cleansing ” projects .
He later apologized and said the women should be given consultation for sterilization “ with their own approval . ”
The controversy quickly turned into a political football with conservative media accusing Shahindokht Molaverdi , vice president for women 's affairs , of advocating the sterilization of homeless women — which she denies .
In April Molaverdi said the government “ has not yet offered any specific plans for sterilization of homeless women ” and such plans should be “ proposed and reviewed by the Health Ministry . ”
In recent years , there has been a growing crisis in Tehran where street children are born and sold by homeless or poor women living in and around the capital . Thousands of such children are put to work as beggars or street vendors .
Last week the haunting images of dozens of homeless people living in empty graves in a town outside Tehran caused social media users and celebrities to react with expressions of alarm and sadness .
Oscar-winning Iranian director Asghar Farhadi aired his frustration in a letter to President Hassan Rouhani , in which he said he was “ filled with shame and sorrow . ”
The president responded to Farhadi 's “ painful ” letter on Wednesday . “ Who can see human beings hurt by social issues who take shelter in graves… . and not feel ashamed ? ” Rouhani said .
0 Man picks up girlfriend in different embarrassing way every day
LAFAYETTE , La . -
There 's more than one way to make an impression with your girlfriend 's friends and classmates . Zach Doell came up with a strange gambit -- picking up his girlfriend Brianna Garcia in unique rides .
One day he drove up to the University of Louisiana in Lafayette in an ice cream truck . Another day it was a DIY Batmobile . Then there was the pizza delivery car . But the best one was , and one that Doell does n't think he can top , was the Oscar Mayer Wienermobile , the Daily Advertiser reported .
> > Read more trending news
“ I do n't know if I should retire because there 's no way I can top it , but then again , I graduate in May so I only have this week of school left , ” Doell told the Daily Advertiser back in April .
But why start picking up his more reserved girlfriend in the strange vehicles ?
“ I love to see her laugh and make her smile . So I would just beep the horn excessively and yell her name , ” Doell told the Daily Advertiser .
But it was a glance at a large hat in his apartment that changed his game .
He donned a sombrero and yelled , “ El Papi ” as they met after class , Garcia said .
So how did the Wienermobile stunt come to fruition ?
Doell said he was at an area store to get a whistle for an NFL referee costume he was planning and as if by fate , the Oscar Mayer Wienermobile was at the same parking lot . So he asked the hotdoggers if he could borrow the vehicle . They said yes and the rest went down in prank history .
Garcia had a prank of her own up her sleeve . She got the help of a local radio station to have Doell picked up with horn blazing .
“ At first I was scared , ” Doell told the Daily Advertiser . “ I had no idea who was honking . Usually , I ” m the one who 's doing it . But then I was so impressed with her . That was the last thing I expected . ”
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
Speech to Text for Is there an end to this heat ?
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video . Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate .
before 8pm , then a slight chance of showers and thunderstorms after 2am . mostly cloudy , with a low around 74. southeast wind 3 to 6 mph . chance of precipitation is 30 % . independence day a 10 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms before 7am . partly sunny and hot , with a high near 93. heat index values as high as 105. calm wind becoming south around 5 mph in the morning . wednesday night partly cloudy , with a low around 75. light south southeast wind . showers and thunderstorms before 8pm , then a slight chance of showers and thunderstorms after 2am . mostly cloudy , with a low around 74. southeast wind 3 to 6 mph . chance of precipitation is 30 % . independence day a 10 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms before 7am . partly sunny and hot , with a high near 93. heat index values as high as 105. calm wind becoming south around 5 mph in the morning . wednesday night partly cloudy , with a low around 75. light south southeast wind . kids were moving and grooving this morning ! showers and thunderstorms before 8pm , then a slight chance of showers and thunderstorms after 2am . mostly cloudy , with a low around 74. southeast wind 3 to 6 mph . chance of precipitation is 30 % . independence day a 10 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms before 7am . partly sunny and hot , with a high near 93. heat index values as high as 105. calm wind becoming south around 5 mph in the morning . wednesday night partly cloudy , with a low around 75. light south southeast wind . kids were moving and grooving this morning !
* Gigaba committed to fiscal consolidation after downgrades
* Treasury to stabilise govt 's net debt over 3-yrs
* Procurement of nuclear energy will follow due process ( Adds comments on ANC 's economic policy , details )
By Mfuneko Toyana
JOHANNESBURG , April 12 South African investors want the ruling African National Congress to explain in detail what the `` radical economic transformation '' it has pledged in recent speeches means , Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba said on Wednesday .
President Jacob Zuma has said he will redistribute wealth in the economy - still largely held by a white minority - to poor black people , a call echoed by Gigaba since he was named finance minister in a shock cabinet reshuffle last month .
However , there were few concrete policies on how this will be achieved , and Zuma 's transformation push has been criticised by opponents who say it echos populist promises made by the ruling party since the end of apartheid in 1994 . ''
`` The sense from the investors is we need to explain in detail what we mean by radical economic transformation ... we do n't want to create a disjuncture between growth and development , '' Gigaba said after speaking to local investors at the Development Bank of South Africa .
Last week Fitch downgraded South Africa 's foreign and local currency debt to speculative grade , while S & P Global Ratings cut the hard currency borrowing to `` junk '' .
Both cited likely changes in economic policy after respected finance minister Pravin Gordhan was fired , a move that rattled markets and sparked opposition protests against Zuma .
Gigaba also said Treasury is committed to fiscal consolidation plans outlined in the 2017 budget by his predecessor Gordhan after S & P and Fitch downgraded the country .
Gigaba said the Treasury aims to stabilise the government 's net debt over the next three years at 50 percent of gross domestic production ( GDP ) . It now stands at 45.5 percent and projected to reach 48.1 percent in 2019 .
`` To accomplish this we are tightly controlling expenditure , '' Gigaba said . `` Fiscal sustainability is a prerequisite for inclusive development ... we are therefore committed to the fiscal consolidation plans as outlined in the February budget . ''
With unemployment at a near record , the ANC is under increasing pressure to address gaping inequality that persists 23 years after the end of white-minority rule .
Black people make up 80 percent of the population , yet the lion 's share of the economy in terms of ownership of land and companies remains in the hands of white people , who make up about 8 percent of the population .
Gigaba reiterated that South Africa 's nuclear-expansion plan will be implemented `` at a pace and scale that the country can afford '' in brief remarks to reporters . `` Any procurement of nuclear energy will follow due process , '' he said .
Critics of the expansion plan estimated to cost 1 trillion rand ( $ 73 billion ) , say Treasury can ill afford the project .
( $ 1 = 13.7435 rand ) ( Writing by Nqobile Dludla and James Macharia ; Editing by Toby Chopra )
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
( UPDATED ) The Council also introduces changes to the government-to-private importation scheme to guard against corruption
Published 6:55 PM , June 13 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines ( UPDATED ) – The National Food Authority Council ( NFAC ) will use government-to-private rice importation this year when it activates its standby authority to import 250,000 metric tons ( MT ) of rice .
`` It has decided to shift from the old government-to-government scheme to an open tender scheme , otherwise known as government-to-private scheme or G2P , '' said Cabinet Secretary Leoncio Evasco Jr during a Tuesday , June 13 , press conference in Malacañang .
Evasco serves as the chairman of the NFAC after President Rodrigo Duterte entrusted him with the NFA and 11 other government agencies .
The decision to shift to G2P for the importation of 250,000 MT of rice was reached during a June 9 special NFAC meeting .
G2P importation is when the government buys imported rice from private importers who use permits under the minimum access volume ( MAV ) scheme to import rice .
In the MAV scheme , the Philippines is required to import a minimum amount of rice – in this case , 250,000 MT – as part of its obligations to the World Trade Organization .
To protect the G2P system from corruption , Evasco said the NFAC also decided to introduce major changes in the way the scheme is implemented .
The following changes will be implemented for G2P importation :
Imported rice should be delivered to Philippine ports in tranches . At least 30 % of the volume of import quotas should arrive between August 2017 and September 2017 while the rest should arrive between December 2017 and February 2018 .
The NFA administrator must sign , within one day , import permits for private traders , upon the endorsement of the traders ' required documents by the NFA 's Grains Marketing Operations Division .
Certificates of eligibility must be released in two days .
The `` schedule of activities '' recommended by the Imports Committee should be adopted .
Terms of payment to traders is shortened to 15 days from the original 365 days since small-time rice trade importers ca n't wait an entire year before receiving payment .
The NFAC will select and approve the members of the Bids and Awards Committee ( BAC ) . Some members of the Council , including its farmer representative , will be able to observe BAC meetings .
Subic Freeport Zone will no longer be used as port of entry for G2P rice imports . Instead , Zamboanga City 's port will be used . Evasco did not give a reason for this decision , but a source hinted that Subic Freeport Zone may have fewer safeguards against corrupt practices .
Bidders will only be required to release the total cost of their bid . `` Other expenses , such as cost of freight , logistics , and insurance will no longer be revealed since these details are considered as trade secrets , '' said Evasco . Showing this information may also `` give abusive traders and government officials an idea of which costs to pad or adjust , '' he said .
Suppliers with pending liabilities before 2017 will be allowed to bid . Provisions disqualifying them were taken out by the NFAC . `` After all , they still enjoy the presumption of innocence , '' said Evasco . But he emphasized that the NFA must still demand collection and file legal cases if it spots abuses .
The NFA is ordered to come up with uniform Terms of Reference for all NFA regional BACs on cargo-handling for transportation of rice within the country .
Aquino on board
The safeguards were introduced to ensure transparency as the government shifts to G2P this year .
Evasco and the rest of the NFAC prefer G2P because this mode of importation can be scrutinized using the Government Procurement Act .
But NFA Administrator Jason Aquino had pushed for G2G , or the purchase of rice from foreign governments . Aquino believed the G2P could be easily abused by rice cartels .
Evasco 's camp however , said that a new law , Republic Act 10845 , introduced strict safeguards against unscrupulous private importers . This law declares agricultural smuggling economic sabotage .
Evasco called for Aquino 's dismissal for insubordination and his push for G2G despite the NFAC 's decisions against it .
The Cabinet Secretary and other NFAC members argued that G2G will only lead to more government debt since taking out a loan is required to pursue it . G2G is also exempted from the Government Procurement Act , making it less transparent and thus prone to abuse . ( READ : Dismissed Usec Valdez to Duterte : Probe 'NFA syndicate ' )
But it seems Aquino is now going along with the NFAC decision to shift to G2P . He attended the June 9 meeting and has so far not raised any objections . As NFA administrator , he is tasked to implement the decisions made by the NFAC .
Amid the rift between Evasco and Aquino , the President fired Evasco 's undersecretary Halmen Valdez who was pushing for G2P .
Duterte had insisted that Valdez was acting against the best interests of local farmers by pushing for rice importation . But Evasco said the need to import rice was explained to Duterte during a Cabinet meeting . – Rappler.com
It could easily be argued that horse racing has often had a difficult time making the right choices .
That was not the case on Thursday with an announcement from Western Fair District in London .
The signature race for the storied track has been the Molson Pace , which has now been renamed The Camluck Classic in honour of Canada 's greatest pacing sire .
While it is a small gesture in the grand scheme of things , it is right on the money . Molson Breweries departed as sponsor after 25 years . Someone had the bright idea to bring Camluck into the picture and it was a tailor made solution .
Three years go at the age of 28 , Camluck passed away at Seelster Farms of Lucan where he stood all his life .
He won a million dollars racing for trainer Bob McIntosh , of Windsor , but it was in the breeding shed where he excelled . His offspring have won $ 216 million to date - with 21 millionaires .
When a horse retires to stud the odds are prohibitive that he will be a commercial success . Camluck beat all odds to become the greatest offspring of his own sire , the mighty Cam Fella .
But the numbers really do not reveal the impact Camluck had on Canadian racing . Quite simply , people not only wanted to buy a Camluck yearling , they pretty much had to if they wanted to compete in the following two years of Ontario stake races . He was head and shoulders the best .
The race bearing his name goes for a modest pot of $ 150,000 and now is an invitation race . It is set for May 26 and attracts the older class of horses , but it remains a fixture on the racing calendar in Ontario .
It 's just pleasant to see that the horse 's connections saw fit to honour him in this fashion and show some goodwill to the game . Because of his accomplishments he deserves every bit of it .
-- -
SILVERTIPS 1 HITMEN 0
CALGARY — Dorrin Luding stopped all 29 shots he faced as Everett shut out the Hitmen .
Kevin Davis had the lone goal for the Silvertips ( 3-3-0 ) at 3:03 of the third period .
Nick Schneider turned away 32 shots for Calgary ( 1-3-1 ) .
-- -
HURRICANES 4 RAIDERS 1
LETHBRIDGE , Alta . — Tanner Nagel had the winner and Stuart Skinner made 35 saves to lift the Hurricanes past Prince Albert .
Calen Addison , Jayden Davis and Giorgio Estephan also scored for Lethbridge ( 3-2-0 ) .
Sean Montgomery replied for the Raiders ( 2-3-0 ) , who got 25 saves from Curtis Meger .
-- -
WARRIORS 5 ICE 2
MOOSE JAW , Sask . — Brett Howden had a short-handed goal in the second period that stood as the winner as the Warriors got past Kootenay .
Oleg Sosunov , Jayden Halbgewachs , Noah Gregor and Justin Almeida rounded out the attack for Moose Jaw ( 5-0-0 ) .
Barrett Sheen and Colton Kroeker had goals for the Ice ( 2-3-1 ) .
Brody Willms turned away 22 shots for the Warriors and Kurtis Chapman stopped 31 shots for Kootenay .
-- -
TIGERS 4 PATS 2
MEDICINE HAT , Alta . — Ryan Chyzowski knocked in the game-winning goal in the third period as the Tigers doubled up Regina .
Tyler Preziuso , Mark Rassell and Zach Fischer supplied the rest of the offence for Medicine Hat ( 3-2-0 ) . Jordan Hollett made 19 saves .
Wyatt Sloboshan and George King scored for the Pats ( 2-3-1 ) . Tyler Brown turned away 27 shots .
-- -
ROCKETS 7 COUGARS 6 ( OT )
PRINCE GEORGE , B.C . — Kole Lind tied the game late in the third period and then won it in overtime as Kelowna edged the Cougars .
Erik Gardiner had two goals and an assist for the Rockets ( 3-1-1 ) . Nolan Foote , Colum McGauley and Dillon Dube also chipped in . Brodan Salmond made 30 saves for the win in net .
Jared Bethune , Dennis Cholowski , Kody McDonald , Vladislav Mikhalchuk , Jackson Leppard and Josh Maser scored for Prince George ( 2-3-1 ) . Tavin Grant turned away 26 shots .
Kelowna 's James Hilsendager was given a match penalty for charging at 15:01 of the second period .
-- -
ROYALS 4 BLAZERS 1
KAMLOOPS , B.C . — Chaz Reddekopp had the winner and Griffen Outhouse made 32 saves as Victoria beat the Blazers .
Igor Martynov , Tyler Soy and Dante Hannoun also scored for the Royals ( 6-0-0 ) .
Nick Chyzowski found the back of the net for Kamloops ( 0-7-0 ) , which got 18 saves from Dylan Ferguson .
-- -
WINTERHAWKS 6 CHIEFS 1
SPOKANE , Wash. — Bronson Sharp had the winner as Portland scored six straight to crush the Chiefs .
Ty Kolle , Skyler McKenzie , Keoni Texeira , Ryan Hughes and Cody Glass supplied the rest of the offence for the Winterhawks ( 3-1-0 ) .
Jake McGrew scored for Spokane ( 4-2-0 ) .
Cole Kehler turned aside 30 shots for Portland . Dawson Weatherill stopped 28 shots for the Chiefs .
-- -
GIANTS 6 AMERICANS 3
LANGLEY , B.C . — Brayden Watts and Owen Hardy both struck twice as Vancouver downed the Americans .
Ty Ronning and Tyler Ho also chipped in for the Giants ( 2-2-0 ) .
Isaac Johnson had a pair of goals for Tri-City ( 2-3-0 ) with Maxwell James adding the other .
David Tendeck made 26 saves for Vancouver with Beck Warm turning aside 33 shots for the Americans .
By The Canadian Press
NEW YORK ( CNS ) -- The first thing to know about `` Bilal : A New Breed of Hero '' ( Vertical Entertainment ) is that its intent is not to proselytize .
It is , instead , an animated adventure story about seventh-century Arabian hero Bilal ibn Rabah , who eventually became a companion of the prophet Muhammad and is considered the first muezzin -- the prayer caller at a mosque .
The connection to Muhammad is not made explicit , and someone without a grounding in the basics of the Muslim faith and history of the Arabian Peninsula is likely to have difficulty understanding certain plot points or their significance . In keeping with the proscriptions of Islam , Muhammad is not shown .
The story of Bilal 's release from slavery , in which he had been constrained since childhood , and his opposition to a corrupt , money-driven multitheism and support for individual freedom is not critical of other faiths . It is , however , a very dark and violent story with episodes of torture .
This necessitates a restrictive classification , not because such elements are intrinsic to any faith , but simply because they 're all over this film .
Large portions of the Old Testament 's violent , gory accounts would have the same problem in a screen adaptation . How much brow-furrowing and sword-fighting are required to get a point across ? This story pushes the limits of that .
Co-directors Khurram H. Alavi and Ayman Jamal , both of whom co-wrote the script with Alexander Kronemer , Michael Wolfe and Yassin Kamel , lay out the familiar contours of Bilal ( voice , as an adult , of Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje ) and his sister Ghufaira ( voice , as an adult , of Cynthia Kaye McWilliams ) being abducted into slavery in Ethiopia as their mother is murdered .
They grow up in Mecca , a village at that time , and where the local religion is corrupt . Umayya ibin Khalif ( voice of Ian McShane ) and his son Safwan ( voice of Mick Wingert ) mistreat Bilal and Ghufaira at every opportunity . The Black Stone of the Kaaba , considered a centerpiece of Islam , is shown as being manned by an angry gold-masked priest who snarls , `` Prove your faith with wealth and gifts ! ''
A friend reminds Balil , `` They are only as strong as the fear they put into us . We must never give in . ''
A new monotheistic faith , begun by Muhammad , is in its earliest expression , and this inspires Bilal to seek his freedom and despise corrupt practices of giving money to many gods out of nothing more than fear of oppression and poverty . Sometimes he dreams of being a warrior and riding a white stallion through a sandstorm .
Bilal 's freedom is eventually purchased after an episode of torture in which he 's crushed by a boulder while tied to the ground . Once free , he trains with sword and shield .
Finally , Bilal finds his life 's message : `` We are all born equals . We breathe the same air , we bleed the same blood , and die and be buried within the same ground . I believe I am as free a man as you are . ''
This leads to a military conflict , although the film makes it clear that this marks only the beginning , and not the end , of a continuing fight .
The film contains several intense scenes of torture and combat violence . The Catholic News Service classification is L -- limited adult audience , films whose problematic content many adults would find troubling . The Motion Picture Association of America rating is PG-13 -- parents strongly cautioned . Some material may be inappropriate for children under 13 .
- - -
Jensen is a guest reviewer for Catholic News Service .
- - -
CAPSULE REVIEW
`` Bilal : A New Breed of Hero '' ( Vertical Entertainment )
Animated adventure story about seventh-century Arabian hero Bilal ibn Rabah , who eventually became a companion of the prophet Muhammad and is considered the first muezzin -- the prayer caller at a mosque . Someone without a grounding in the basics of the Muslim faith and history of the Arabian Peninsula is likely to have difficulty understanding certain plot points or their significance . In keeping with the proscriptions of Islam , Muhammad is not shown . It is , however , a very dark and violent story with episodes of torture , necessitating a restrictive classification . Several intense scenes of torture and physical violence . Catholic News Service classification , L -- limited adult audience , films whose problematic content many adults would find troubling . Motion Picture Association of America rating , PG-13 -- parents strongly cautioned . Some material may be inappropriate for children under 13 .
- - -
CLASSIFICATION
`` Bilal : A New Breed of Hero '' ( Vertical Entertainment ) -- Catholic News Service classification , L -- limited adult audience , films whose problematic content many adults would find troubling . Motion Picture Association of America rating , PG-13 -- parents strongly cautioned . Some material may be inappropriate for children under 13 .
ST. CATHARINES — A Niagara woman , who sexually assaulted her four-year-old daughter and offered the child to men for sex , told a psychiatrist she is sexually aroused by her older daughter and would likely repeat her sexual behaviour if she had another child .
In an Ontario Court of Justice in St. Catharines on Thursday , a court-appointed forensic psychiatrist who evaluated the mother of two said the defendant 's risk of `` general recidivism '' is low , while her risk of sexual recidivism is `` low to moderate . ''
`` She said she was sexually aroused by her daughter and if she had another child , sexual behaviour would take place , '' Dr. Treena Wilkie told court .
Wilkie said an `` intensive '' risk management plan that includes supervision , therapy and a `` high level of monitoring '' would need to be put in place if the woman was to be released into the community .
'2018 marks the first year of commercialisation for autonomous driving . From the mass production of Apolong , we can truly see that autonomous driving is making great strides – taking the industry from zero to one , ' says CEO Robin Li
Published 6:24 PM , July 04 , 2018
BEIJING , China – China 's internet giant Baidu announced on Wednesday , July 4 , it had begun mass producing the country 's first autonomous mini-bus , as the firm prepares to roll them out in tourist spots and airports .
CEO Robin Li watched the 100th vehicle roll off a production line of a factory in the southeastern city of Xiamen .
`` 2018 marks the first year of commercialisation for autonomous driving . From the mass production of Apolong , we can truly see that autonomous driving is making great strides – taking the industry from zero to one , '' said the CEO .
The 14-seater Apolong , about one-third of the size of a normal bus , has no steering wheel , driver 's seat , accelerator or brake .
Co-produced by Baidu and Chinese bus manufacturer King Long , they will soon be pressed into commercial use in enclosed areas such as tourist areas and airports in several cities including Beijing , Guangzhou , Shenzhen , and the country 's new megacity Xiong'an .
Early next year , they are set to enter Japan 's self-driving market as shuttle buses at nuclear power stations or in Tokyo to ferry around elderly people in local communities .
The vehicles have the `` fourth level '' of automation as defined by the Society of Automotive Engineers , meaning they can operation within an enclosed location without human intervention .
This is one short of the highest level , where vehicles can operate anywhere on the road .
`` I took a self-driving car to come to the developer conference last year , and ended up getting a ticket at ( Beijing 's ) fifth ring road , '' Li quipped .
Baidu , often referred to as China 's Google , operates the country 's leading search engine and also invests heavily in services ranging from online payments to connected devices and artificial intelligence .
`` In the past , China exported cheap commodities to the world . In the future , China will export AI technology to the world , '' Li said at the firm 's annual AI developer conference .
He also announced a new AI chip called Kunlun at the conference , which can support a wide range of AI applications including voice recognition , natural language processing and autonomous driving . – Rappler.com
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed 's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns : http : //tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl ( Recasts throughout after Fed statement , updates prices ; adds comment , second byline , NEW YORK dateline ) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON , June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting , and
Speech to Text for Vigo County 4H Community Cleanup
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video . Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate .
in vigo county are getting a head start on one right here in town . vigo county 4-h held a community cleanup . it took place at the horse barn at the vigo county fairgrounds . workers helped to prepare the barn for their four legged friends . they 'll be arriving just in time for opening day festivities . [ b17 ] 4h community cleanup-sotvo `` it helps the kids kind of work together and get used to working together . they have to take care of their horse the whole week that they 're here so it 's another way for them to get cleaning ahead of time and cleaning afterwards as well . '' the vigo county fair begins july 7th . one local organization pulled out
Jefferson Davis is Back at UT
After being removed from the University of Texas at Austin 's Main Mall , the Jefferson Davis statue has found a new home on campus .
Nineteen months after being forklifted off its limestone plinth on the University of Texas at Austin 's Main Mall , placed in the back of pickup , and hauled off , the controversial Jefferson Davis statue is back on campus .
But instead of casting a fixed gaze southward over Austin from its former place of prominence , the 9-foot-tall , 1,200-pound former president of the Confederate States of America now resides at the Briscoe Center for American History , where he looks westward , past some display cases , through a window , and out over the LBJ Presidential Library 's fountain—albeit with a view partially obstructed by low-hanging tree limbs .
The statue was originally commissioned in the 1920s by George Littlefield as part of what was to be a larger Confederate memorial . Littlefield , a rancher , banker , UT regent , and veteran of the Confederate Army 's famed Terry 's Texas Rangers who had fought at Shiloh , Perryville , and Chickamauga , was a fan of Davis , and once referred to him as “ the greatest man the South ever produced. ” He hired famed Italian sculptor Pompeo Coppini to create the likeness .
In 1924 , the statue was cast in , of all places , Brooklyn , New York , and the finished bronze was then shipped to Galveston before making its way by train to Austin . Davis debuted at the American National Bank , located in the same Littlefield Building that still stands at the corner of Sixth Street and Congress Avenue in downtown Austin . In 1925 , the statue was moved up the street to the Capitol and stayed there until 1933 , when it made its way to the Forty Acres .
Coppini had argued against a larger Confederate memorial . “ As time goes by , ” he said , people “ will look to the Civil War as a blot on the pages of American history , and the Littlefield Memorial will be resented as keeping up the hatred between the Northern and Southern states. ” But for its first few decades on the UT campus , the statue stood mostly unnoticed ( except by numerous pigeons and grackles ) . Coppini was right . Over the years , Davis would become the object of occasional controversy and vandalism , and during the 1990s and early 2000s , campus activists , citing Davis 's racist actions , began protesting against the statue with greater intensity . Rallies were held , op-eds appeared in the Daily Texan , and there were more frequent incidences of vandalism . Yet none of these actions effected even a bit of budging .
But in March 2015 , a consequential series of events began to unfold on campus and around the world . The first was the election of a pair of editors from UT 's satire magazine , the Texas Travesty , as president and vice president of UT 's Student Government . The unlikely ticket of Xavier Rotnofsky and Rohit Mandalapu had campaigned on such wide-ranging promises as bringing a Chili 's restaurant to campus and the removal of the Jefferson Davis statue . Though Rotnofsky and Mandalapu had originally intended their candidacies as a stunt , once in office they took their duties seriously . The pair drafted a resolution calling for the statue 's removal and the Student Government passed it almost unanimously . The Chili 's resolution , if one was ever written up , did not realize the same success .
Photograph by Callie Richmond
Then , on the evening of June 17 , 2015 , nine black people were massacred at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church , in Charleston , South Carolina . As the racist motives behind the horrific shooting were revealed and images of the perpetrator posing with Confederate flag were disseminated , the focus on publicly displayed Confederate symbols , including the Davis statue on UT 's campus , sharpened . Calls for their removal , now bull-horned across social media , intensified greatly .
That same month , responding to the student government 's action and the loudening outcry , newly-hired UT president Greg Fenves put together a twelve-member advisory panel consisting of students , professors , and alumni to evaluate the contextual appropriateness of the Jefferson Davis statue , as well as a handful of other statues of notable Confederates . [ Full disclosure : the panel included Texas Monthly 's general counsel , Laura Beckworth . ]
In July , the Confederate flag that had flown over South Carolina 's statehouse in Columbia for 54 years was permanently removed .
South Carolina taking down the confederate flag – a signal of good will and healing , and a meaningful step towards a better future . — President Obama ( @ POTUS44 ) July 10 , 2015
The UT advisory panel made its recommendations in August : either relocate the statues or update them with explanatory plaques . President Fenves , just two months into his presidency , ordered the Davis statue , the most controversial of the lot , to be removed immediately . “ I have decided that the best location for the Jefferson Davis statue is UT 's Briscoe Center for American History , ” he said in an official statement . “ While every historical figure leaves a mixed legacy , I believe Jefferson Davis is in a separate category , and that it is not in the university 's best interest to continue commemorating him on our Main Mall . Davis had few ties to Texas ; he played a unique role in the history of the American South that is best explained and understood through an educational exhibit . ”
Jefferson Davis statue will be relocated to an educational exhibit at the Dolph Briscoe Center for American History . https : //t.co/gjnTm61eHq — UT Austin ( @ UTAustin ) August 13 , 2015
The decision was met with applause from supporters and harrumphs from detractors . The Sons of Confederate Veterans sued UT in an attempt to prevent the removal . The Sons claimed that UT needed approval from the State Preservation Board , the Texas Historical Commission , and the Legislature to relocate the statue . They also argued that , in accordance with George Littlefield 's last wishes , the statues had to stay put . The Sons failed in court .
Davis 's arrival at the Briscoe is part of a major relaunch of the center . In the fall of 2015 , the center closed its public spaces for an 18-month renovation that updated and expanded the reading room and added 4,000 square feet of new exhibit space . When the center reopened earlier this month , the general public was able to view its inaugural exhibit , “ Exploring the American South , ” which pairs well with the Davis statue exhibit , “ From Commemoration to Education. ” A large label with the heading “ # DavisMustFall ” affixed to the wall to the right of the statue makes the case for Davis 's reemergence at the center : “ By moving the statue of Jefferson Davis to the Briscoe Center , it is preserved as historical evidence and as an original work of art . However , the statue 's presence in an educational exhibit—as opposed to a place of honor on campus—underlines the fact that Davis , as well as many of his ideas and actions , are no longer commemorated or endorsed by the university. ” ( A point brought home by the fact that Davis 's new environs are rather small and cramped , compared to his former , more spacious accommodations . )
“ The statue has been taken out of its place of honor and appropriately refurbished as an educational tool , ” says Rotnofsky , who now lives in Los Angeles and occasionally produces commercials for a Texas-based hot sauce company . “ Jeff 's removal is a testament to student activism—none of this would have happened without the support of thousands of students . Mission accomplished . ”
RICHMOND , Va. – Virginia will elect a new governor this year .
The governor 's position is one of great power and influence , as the current officeholder , Terry McAuliffe , has demonstrated by breaking the record for most vetoes in Virginia history .
However , during the last gubernatorial race in 2014 , the voter turnout was less than 42 percent , compared with 72 percent during last year 's presidential election .
While not as publicized as the presidential campaign , the governor 's race will have just as much , if not more , influence over the everyday lives of Virginians . That 's why it 's important to stay informed about who is running and what they stand for .
The state Democratic and Republican parties will each hold a primary on June 13 to choose a nominee for governor . The general election will be Nov. 7 .
Here is a brief summary of each candidate 's qualifications . We also have developed a quiz to help determine which candidate best reflects your political views .
All the candidates have appeared on CBS 6 News at 7:00 with Bill Fitzgerald .
Democrats
Ralph Northam is lieutenant governor of Virginia and a pediatric neurologist at the Children 's Specialty Group in Norfolk . He served in the U.S. Army and as state senator for the 6th Senate District , before joining McAuliffe 's gubernatorial ticket in 2013 . Northam hopes to continue the work he started with McAuliffe and is focusing his campaign on economic progress . He said his priorities are affordable health care and education and has introduced a plan to make community colleges and workforce training free for what he calls “ new-collar ” jobs in high-demand fields like health care , cybersecurity and skilled construction trades .
Tom Perriello , a former congressman , is a lawyer whose early career focused on prosecuting atrocities in Africa . He was a special adviser to the prosecution of the Special Court for Sierra Leone and served as special envoy for the Great Lakes Region of Africa and the Democratic Republic of Congo under the Obama administration . Perriello 's campaign has focused on his resistance to what he calls the hateful politics of President Trump . He has proposed a plan to make community college debt-free for two years . Perriello has been endorsed by former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders , a U.S. senator from Vermont .
Republicans
Ed Gillespie is a political strategist and former chair of the Republican National Committee . He is deeply connected in both national and Virginia politics and has spent his career working for high-profile Republicans including presidential candidate John Kasich , George W. Bush and former Virginia Gov . Bob McDonnell . He served as counselor to President Bush during Bush 's second term of office , co-founded a bipartisan lobbying firm and in 2014 narrowly lost a bid for Virginia 's U.S. Senate seat to Democratic incumbent Mark Warner . Gillespie vows to pursue “ timeless conservative principles , ” including a 10 percent cut in state income tax rates .
Emmanuel Peter is a minister at the Chapel of Justification Ministry in Richmond and a visiting teacher at Henrico County Public Schools . He has a doctorate of management in organizational leadership and a master 's in divinity and is pursuing a master 's in patient counseling at Virginia Commonwealth University . Peter is the national president of the Global Interdenominational Ministers Fellowship , which has more than 1,000 members . He emphasizes restoring Virginia 's moral values and status as a safe place to raise a family . Peter said he would “ bridge the bipartisan divides to create and bring back high-paying jobs ” to Virginia .
Corey Stewart is a self-proclaimed “ Trump before Trump was Trump. ” He co-chaired Virginia 's Trump for President campaign and currently chairs the Board of Supervisors in Prince William County , where he implemented “ the nation 's toughest crackdown on illegal immigration ” and helped remove local fees for getting a concealed weapon permit . Stewart said he is running for governor “ to take back Virginia from the establishment and political elites in Richmond. ” An international trade attorney , he has vowed to protect Confederate monuments such as statues of Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson . “ I 'm proud to be next to the Confederate flag , ” he said .
Frank Wagner portrays himself as the only Republican candidate who “ has built multiple successful , manufacturing businesses in Virginia ” and has significant legislative experience . Wagner has represented the 7th Senate District ( Virginia Beach and Norfolk ) since 2002 and was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates from 1992-2001 . He is a Navy veteran and until recently owned two ship repair firms . Wagner supports reducing regulations on businesses and wants to focus on career technical education for high school students and college affordability . A top priority for him is infrastructure development , including transportation projects to create jobs and reduce traffic congestion in Virginia .
By Megan Schiffres with Capital News Service
Capital News Service is a flagship program of VCU 's Robertson School of Media and Culture . Students participating in the program provide state government coverage for Virginia 's community newspapers and other media outlets , under the supervision of Associate Professor Jeff South .
Cardi B is setting the record straight — in classic Cardi B blunt fashion .
The “ Bartier Cardi ” rapper , 25 , shared a video of herself rapping and dancing on Instagram Friday night when someone left a comment asking , “ Is there maybe a Kylie Jenner secret that we need to know about lol Just asking . ”
Cardi B responded back , telling the commenter , “ no bitch I 'm just getting fat . Let me fat in peace . ”
Cardi B – whose real name is Belcalis Almanzar – is engaged to fellow rapper Offset from hip hop trio Migos .
Offset popped the question to the Grammy nominee at Power 99 's Powerhouse concert in Philadelphia in October 2017 with a massive eight-carat tear-shaped diamond engagement ring .
The “ Bodak Yellow ” rapper opened up about wanting to raise a family when she appeared on the cover of Rolling Stone .
“ I need to make money for my family and my future family , ” she said . “ I 'm not a YOLO person . I think 25 years from now . I think about my future kids , future husband , future house . ”
Cardi B may not be ready to start a family now , but she 's definitely enjoying the perks of her success , which she mentioned in an interview with CR Fashion Book .
“ Well , one positive thing [ about fame ] is that my family , whatever they want , they get , ” she told the magazine in an interview by Zendaya . “ Everything that I want to buy , I can get . I do n't have to worry so much about my future .
RELATED VIDEO : Cardi B Is Taking Her Time Planning ‘ A Very Extravagant Wedding '
But as the saying goes , more money , more problems . “ One negative thing is that , even though I 'm happy , I feel like I was a little bit happier two or three years ago when I had less money , ” she shared . “ I had fewer people who had opinions about my life . I felt like my life was mine . Now I feel like I do n't even own my life . I feel like the world owns me . ”
She credited hard-working people around her as her support system and role models , like her mom who she said would put her family first . And expanding her résumé is something Cardi plans to do . “ I really want to accomplish more records , more Billboard hits . I might want to get into acting or designing clothes… ”
Though , she already has her eyes on the end-goal : “ My real goal is to have beautiful kids , a beautiful mansion , and do business that makes me money until the day I die . Then be able to pass it on to my children . ”
PARIS , April 29 France condemned a ballistic missile test conducted on Saturday by North Korea and called for a `` firm '' and `` determined '' reaction towards Pyongyang .
`` In spite of its failure , this test confirms the willingness of the North Korean regime to obtain an operational nuclear capacity and constitutes a threat to international peace and security , '' a spokesman with the French ministry of foreign affairs said in an emailed statement .
North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile shortly after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned that failure to curb Pyongyang 's nuclear and ballistic missile programmes could lead to `` catastrophic consequences '' , sparking condemnations worldwide .
U.S. and South Korean officials said the test , from an area north of the North Korean capital , appeared to have failed , in what would be the North 's fourth straight unsuccessful missile test since March . ( Reporting by Matthias Blamont ; Editing by Toby Chopra )
Acorda Therapeutics Inc ( ACOR.O ) will cut nearly 20 percent of its workforce as part of a cost reduction plan , the company said on Wednesday , less than a week after losing certain patents for its multiple sclerosis ( MS ) drug , Ampyra .
The company , which had 597 employees as of Feb. 20 , said the job cuts are expected to result in cost savings of more than $ 21 million annually .
Acorda said the cost reductions would help the company focus on its two late-stage studies for Parkinson 's disease .
A federal judge in Delaware on Friday struck down key patents held by Acorda related to Ampyra , opening the doors for generic versions of the drug by companies including Mylan Inc ( MYL.O ) and Roxane Laboratories Inc .
Those companies had sought approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to sell a generic version of Ampyra . Acorda responded by suing them , seeking a court declaration that its patents on the drugs were valid .
A total of ten companies have sought to sell generic versions of Ampyra .
Acorda reached settlement agreements with seven of the generic companies , including Allergan plc ( AGN.N ) and Par Pharmaceuticals .
Mylan , Roxane and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd ( TEVA.TA ) did not settle and challenged the validity of Acorda 's patents in court .
Acorda said on Wednesday it would provide an updated 2017 earnings forecast during its first-quarter earnings call .
( Reporting by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru ; Editing by Maju Samuel )
The cost of nuclear new build is nearly a fifth higher than expected due to delays , a new study has found .
Wind and solar present lower risks compared to nuclear new build
These delays increase the cost of new nuclear compared with older projects and are often overlooked when new projects are planned . The authors said that these extra costs need to be properly assessed when considering new nuclear projects .
The authors of the study , which is published in Energy Policy , added that nuclear projects are more like ‘ mega-projects ' , such as large dams , which require more rigorous financial assessments due to their high uncertainty and risk .
The research team from Imperial College London , the Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro , and the University of Minho in Portugal also suggest that because delay-related costs make nuclear projects high risk , decision makers might instead focus on more low-risk , low-carbon technologies such as wind or solar power .
According to Imperial , when assessing the cost of new nuclear projects , decision makers often use ‘ overnight construction costs ' , which assume the project is built on time , usually within five years . However , the ‘ lead-time ' – between initiation of the project and completion – can cause significant extra costs .
The research team looked at total costs of nuclear projects between 1955-2016 , including those incurred for delays .
Costs usually come down as technologies mature and experience is gained in construction . However , the team found that for nuclear new build , there has been a glitch in the learning curve , with costs currently increasing , especially for projects since 2010 .
Lead author Dr Joana Portugal Pereira , from the Centre for Environmental Policy at Imperial , said : “ Nuclear projects are actually becoming more complex to carry out , inducing delays and higher costs . Safety and regulatory considerations play heavily into this , particularly in the wake of the 2011 Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear accident in Japan . ”
The analysis is said to be one of the first to assess full financial costs of building nuclear projects throughout time , and not just the ‘ overnight ' costs . It looked at projects around the world , including newer nuclear builders like China , India , and the UAE , rather than the traditional builders in Europe , the USA and Japan .
They said that while nuclear projects can help bridge the gap between fossil fuels and renewable energy , they could hinder progress if projects stall .
Dr Portugal Pereira said : “ If we want to decarbonise our energy system , nuclear may not be the best choice for a primary strategy . Nuclear power is better late than never , but to really address climate change , it would be best if they were not late at all , as technologies like wind and solar rarely are . ”
CLICK HERE FOR MORE NUCLEAR NEWS
KNOXVILLE ( WATE ) – Nearly 60 kids in Knoxville are back in the classroom this summer , but it is far from typical summer school .
It is called the East Knoxville Freedom School at Sarah Moore Green Magnet Academy in East Knoxville , and it is designed to promote reading to make positive changes in the community .
“ Freedom School is a program that was created by the Children 's Defense Fund about 22 years ago . It is a six-week summer program that is designed to help children fall in love with reading , ” said Denise Dean , program director .
The students are called scholars . The instructors are called Servant Leader Interns , or SLIs . The SLI for one class , Riley Mosby , started Wednesday with a book called “ Sadako and the Thousand Paper Cranes . ”
“ The students make little kimonos , and they get to decorate them . We talk about peace and memorial days , ” Mosby said .
While the kids are surrounded by books at school , that may not always be the case when they are at home . A big part of the Freedom School is bridging that gap and keeping kids reading during summer break , but they are also doing it in a way the kids can relate to to keep them interested in the books .
“ One of my favorite books that 's in the Children 's Defense Fund curriculum is Tears of a Tiger and it talks about child suicide in a sense , and that 's a huge topic that we 're dealing with especially in Knox County , ” said Evetty Satterfield , site coordinator .
It is all about culture and relating what is in the pages of the books to what they see and do in real life .
“ It also contains images and stories that our children from the East Knoxville community can relate to , right . So they 'll see images that look like them . They 'll hear stories that they may have heard in their own families or their own neighborhoods , ” Dean said .
It is a relaxed way of learning over the summer break that will hopefully stick with these kids as they go through life .
“ Just making sure they get the same quality education , the same head start , and they 're comfortable and love to read , ” Mosby said .
Freedom School will run through July and is free for all the families involved .
Amy Schumer is commenting on one woman 's charge of sexual misconduct against her fellow comedian and friend , Aziz Ansari .
Schumer , a guest on Katie Couric 's podcast , told the journalist she views the date between Ansari and an unnamed photographer , as described to Babe , as a learning opportunity .
The 23-year-old woman , referred to as Grace , told the outlet after a quick dinner , Ansari undressed her at his apartment , pressured her into oral sex and suggested he get a condom . She also told Babe , `` I know I was physically giving off cues that I was n't interested . I do n't think that was noticed at all , or if it was , it was ignored . ''
`` I do n't think anyone wants to see Aziz 's career ruined or his life ruined or anything like that , but that 's where people 's minds go , '' Schumer told Couric in the episode released Thursday . `` They go , 'Does he deserve this ? ' And it 's really not about that . I think it 's about expressing and showing women that that behaviour 's not OK and not only can you leave , but you need to leave . Because then the women who come after you , you 're leaving a mark for them too . ''
Schumer added , `` If you have a doctor that makes you uncomfortable , or you get a massage , or you have a date with someone and they coerce you in a situation like the Aziz one , I do n't think there 's any sort of criminal charge , but I think that it 's good for everybody to learn that that behaviour 's not acceptable . It 's not a crime , but it 's not cool . And it can still really mess with a woman . ''
Ansari responded to `` Grace 's '' account through his representative Jodi Gottlieb after the original report published in January . In the statement issued to USA TODAY , Ansari said the two engaged `` in sexual activity , which by all indications was completely consensual . ''
`` The next day , I got a text from her saying that although 'it may have seemed OK , ' upon further reflection , she felt uncomfortable , '' his statement continued . `` It was true that everything did seem OK to me , so when I heard that it was not the case for her , I was surprised and concerned . I took her words to heart and responded privately after taking the time to process what she had said . ''
On Couric 's podcast , Schumer issued a call to women to articulate standards and boundaries .
`` We need to be teaching each other the kind of behaviour that 's acceptable and so when something comes up , to say , 'That makes me really uncomfortable , ' or just what you 're willing to accept , '' she said . `` Those are the hard conversations , but we ca n't let things continue the way that they 've continued because there are so many different levels of it . ''
Schumer also said she does n't let her friendship with Ansari cloud her view of his alleged misconduct . `` I identify with all the women in these situations , '' she said . `` Even if it 's my friend , I do n't go , 'Oh , but he 's a good guy . ' I think , 'What would it feel like to have been her ? ' ''
PITSBURG – A year after just barely missing her goal of qualifying for the state track and field meet , Franklin Monroe sophomore Selene Weaver is seeing her dreams come true .
The Franklin Monroe sophomore qualified for the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet in the Division III girls pole vault . Not only did she qualify , she cleared 11 feet 4 inches and won Southwest Ohio 's regional championship in the process .
“ I think making it to state is a huge accomplishment because I was fifth last year , and I was so close , ” Weaver said . “ Not getting it last year and being able to work so much on my form and technique and I put a lot of dedication into this year because that was one of my main goals . And the fact that I not only got into state but I won the region , which was awesome and I was n't expecting that I would do that . It 's very awesome to be able to participate in such an amazing event . ”
Qualifying for the OHSAA state meet is just a continuation of what 's already been a fantastic sophomore season . In March she made the Ohio Association of Track and Cross Country Coaches indoor state championships and finished ninth in the state .
The experience of competing at the indoor state championships should be beneficial , she said , but she expects a new set of challenges when she competes at 1 p.m. Friday at Jesse Owens Memorial Stadium on the campus of The Ohio State University in Columbus .
“ It will definitely be a different environment going into the outdoor than indoor because in indoor you do n't have those factors of weather and you know what 's going to happen , ” Weaver said .
Weaver already has overcome some obstacles to become one of the state 's top vaulters . She regularly trains at Steve Shellhaas ' barn near Ansonia or at Greenville High School with Green Wave pole vault coach Micah Coblentz , as she did Wednesday afternoon in preparation for this week 's state meet .
“ It 's really nice , especially having Coach Coblentz because we do n't really have a ( pole vault ) coach ( at Franklin Monroe ) , ” Weaver said . “ My mom kind of is the coach for Franklin Monroe , but we do n't practice as much at Franklin Monroe than we do in Greenville . ”
She 's the only Franklin Monroe athlete competing at state this week , but Weaver has lots of company with several local pole vaulters advancing to state .
“ It 's more like a family at this point , ” Weaver said . “ We 're all supporting each other , and it 's been a great ride with them . ”
Coblentz has two Greenville pole vaulters going to state along with vaulters from Ansonia , Franklin Monroe and Versailles who he 's helped coached . He 's enjoyed working with Weaver and having her around his program .
“ She is a great girl , ” Coblentz said . “ I 've really enjoyed working with Selene . We get to work together at the barn , and there are times she 'll come over for practice during outdoor . She 's come a long way this year , and she just keeps improving on little things . There 's still things she can work on , and the best thing is she 's only a sophomore just like ( Greenville 's ) Riley ( Hunt ) is , and we have time to really work on the things that she needs to work on , and she 's already at a pretty good level at what shebeing doing right now . ”
Weaver has cleared 11 feet 9 inches this season and at 11 feet 4 inches had the fourth best vault statewide at last week 's Division III regional meets . That has her hoping for a strong showing at the state competition .
“ I would love to podium , but we 'll see how it goes , ” Weaver said . “ I think I can , but you never know what 's going to happen because it is the state meet and a lot of people do really well at state and a lot of people do n't do very well . So I guess we 'll see . ”
Coblentz sees a lot of potential for Weaver to continue improving the next couple years and hopes she shows some of that potential this week in Columbus .
“ She 's vaulting very well now , and I just want to see her again do her best there at the state meet , and I think she 'll be happy with where she ends up if she does , ” he said .
Franklin Monroe 's Selene Weaver will compete in the Division III girls pole vault during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet . https : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_Selene-Weaver-WEB-2.jpg Franklin Monroe 's Selene Weaver will compete in the Division III girls pole vault during the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet . J. C. Tilton | For The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner kshaner @ aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4312 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4312 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
( AP ) – Pink has kicked off the new year by sharing the first photo of her new baby with his big sister .
The 37-year-old singer , whose real name is Alecia Moore , posted a picture of her daughter Willow holding baby Jameson on Instagram Sunday . The 5-year-old looks thrilled and has a big smile on her face . She 's also showing off some pink highlights in her hair .
Moore wrote in the caption that she and husband Carey Hart “ thank you for your love and we send it back to you in spades . ”
Jameson Moon Hart was born on Dec. 26 .
Moore and Hart were married in 2006 .
Happy New Year 🎆 # newlove # newlife # newenergy # newhope # newday the harts thank you for your love ❤️ and we send it back to you in spades . A photo posted by P ! NK ( @ pink ) on Dec 31 , 2016 at 2:56pm PST
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
Kipp Caddy nonchalantly navigates multiple thick tubes in Australia and Indo in his latest edit “ Please Explain. ” With one shallow grinder after another , filmer Cam Staunton and art-director/editor Tas Wilson have compiled Caddy 's 2017 barrel hunting exploits into a prog-metaled spit-fest . Perhaps Caddy looks so comfortable in heavy barrels because he spent so much time last year inside them .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Researchers in Summerland developing models to predict firmness and flavour of fruit
PHOTO SUBMITTED CHERRY TECHNOLOGY A handheld optical spectrometer is used to take measurements on a cherry . Researchers in Summerland are using this technology to develop models to predict the firmness and flavour of the fruit after storage or shipping .
Researchers in Summerland are developing a technology to determine the quality of cherries while the fruit is still hanging on the tree .
The research work is being conducted by researchers at the Summerland Research and Development Centre , led by Dr. Peter Toivonen .
The team is working with mobile hand-held optical spectrometers to develop models to precisely gauge the quality of cherries .
An optical spectrometer is a scientific instrument that emits light and measures how much of that light reflects back to the instrument .
The reflected light depends on the chemical composition of the fruit .
This technology will also predict the firmness and flavour of the fruit after storage or shipping .
The team is working to determine the best values for fruit quality and storability for several cherry varieties including Lapins , Staccato , Sweetheart and other commercial varieties .
The researchers are also working to identify any limitation technologies before it is available to end users .
The end users — quality assurance or field service staff — will also need training before putting these devices to work in the field .
“ Being able to reliably measure the maturity and quality of cherries , without sacrificing any of that crop to sampling , will save hundreds of thousands of dollars a year on container shipment claims for the industry , ” Toivonen . said .
He added that if Canadian cherry growers canimprove their reputation for consistent high quality and flavour , they could see a 10 to 20 per cent increase on returns as a result of improved consistency in quality .
Since every container of cherries contains approximately $ 100,000 worth of fruit , an increase on returns can be significant .
“ People are doing this work in other countries , ” Toivonen said . “ If we are not part of it , we are behind . ”
TORONTO — Ontario 's fiscal watchdog says the Liberal government will run a deficit this fiscal year , despite claims it has balanced the budget .
In a new report Monday , the Financial Accountability Office said the Liberals will run a $ 4 billion deficit in 2017-2018 , and will continue to be in the red over the next few years .
More moderate growth in revenues and the increasing fiscal impact of the province 's Fair Hydro Plan , which cuts electricity rates by 25 per cent , will take their toll on Ontario 's books the report notes . It also says a long-simmering accounting dispute between the Liberal government and Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk over how to count two public sector pension plans on the ledger is contributing to uncertainty .
`` We 've been very consistent that because of a number of factors we think the deficit will re-emerge , '' said the office 's chief economist David West . `` Now , with this accounting debate it will become more significant . ''
The Liberals presented a balanced budget in the spring , a year ahead of the provincial election , and have promised to keep the books in balance through the next couple of years .
The office , however , projects the government 's budget deficit will grow to $ 9.8 billion in 2021-2022 .
`` The government is out borrowing this money , '' West said . `` This current year they 're going to borrow $ 23 billion in the markets . That 's going to rise to $ 45 billion in the coming years . ''
The FAO also said the government 's new hydro plan will add $ 3.2 billion to the budget deficit by 2021-2022 .
Last year Lysyk questioned the province 's decision to include a pair of public pensions — the Ontario Public Service Employee 's Union Pension Plan and the Ontario Teacher 's Pension Plan — as assets on its balance sheet .
The FAO said in its report that since the government has not adopted the auditor 's recommended accounting for both the pension assets , and with the addition of the Fair Hydro Plan , it is becoming more difficult for legislators and the public to assess the government 's fiscal projections .
Chrissy Teigen ‘ s daughter Luna Simone has a new four-legged sister !
The mother of one human and ( now ) four fur children , shared photos and video of bulldog puppy Pepper on social media Friday .
“ What happens at lip sync battle does not always stay at lip sync battle @ caseypattersontv @ llcoolj , ” Teigen captioned a photo of her 17-month-old child and the dog – obviously having an inside joke with her Lip Sync Battle colleagues .
The model also shared footage of the canine waddling towards her as her mother Vilailuck , who is also nicknamed Pepper , calls it by their shared name .
what happens at lip sync battle does not always stay at lip sync battle @ caseypattersontv @ llcoolj A post shared by chrissy teigen ( @ chrissyteigen ) on Oct 6 , 2017 at 2:06pm PDT
A post shared by chrissy teigen ( @ chrissyteigen ) on Oct 6 , 2017 at 2:15pm PDT
Teigen previously shared a photo of her daughter playing with Pepper on social media . In the picture , Luna Simone , who is dressed in a pink onesie , pets the puppy .
The Cravings cookbook author and husband John Legend are already pet parents to French bulldogs Penny and Pippa as well as English bulldog Puddy .
In addition to welcoming a new puppy into her family , Teigen recently opened up about expanding her family with Legend .
In InStyle ‘ s November cover story , the Lip Sync Battle star shared that the couple will soon attempt to get pregnant with their second child through in vitro fertilization .
Teigen has long been candid about having to undergo IVF to conceive Luna . The frozen embryo that Teigen will have implanted within the coming months is the couple 's final one left after starting with 20 embryos from fertility treatments she underwent several years ago .
“ The first little girl did n't work , and then the second is Luna , ” she explained .
Gwyneth Paltrow is more selective about which roles she takes now that she 's acting less .
While accepting the Sun Valley Film Festival Vision Award in Idaho , Paltrow opened up about how her hands-on approach at Goop — where she has “ to be in the office every day ” — has made her take on fewer acting jobs , according to Variety .
“ I do n't do a lot of acting right now , so when I do I look for what 's going to have the best ROI ( return on investment ) in terms of time and impact , ” the 45-year-old said .
“ It 's fun to do something like The Avengers . I get to go to Atlanta for two days , see my friends , do a scene with Robert [ Downey Jr. ] , come home , ” she added . Paltrow also went on to say that she had recently agreed to work on fiancé Brad Falchuck 's new TV show , Politician .
“ So , it 's like a puzzle to try to put it together . I look for things that will be fun and or I 'll learn something , ” she explained .
J. Merritt/Getty
RELATED : Gwyneth Paltrow Is ‘ Excited ' to Start Wedding Planning : ‘ I Feel Like a 21-Year-Old ! '
Earlier this month , the actress celebrated her groom-to-be 's birthday on social media , praising the eight-time Emmy nominated producer for being “ the epitome of love . ”
“ Happy birthday @ bradfalchuk you are the grounding force , the epitome of love and kindness . Thank you for being my beacon , ” Paltrow captioned a black and white photo of a shirtless Falchuk .
RELATED : See Gwyneth Paltrow 's Enormous Engagement Ring from Fiancé Brad Falchuk
Opening up about her wedding plans , Paltrow previously told PeopleStyle , “ I 'm “ I 'm excited about everything ! ”
“ I 've never had a wedding before . [ Paltrow and ex-husband Chris Martin eloped in 2003 . ] So even though I 'm 45 , I sort of feel like a 21-year-old , ” she added .
Though she went on to admit the couple “ have n't really started making any formal plans ” for the wedding just yet , she 's had fun brainstorming ideas with her best friends .
“ It 's kind of fun to talk about with my girlfriends , ” Paltrow said . “ They send me pictures of dresses — they 're as excited about it as I am . It 's pretty cute . ”
She next stars in the Avengers : Infinity War , out April 27 .
Passengers rescued from stricken Indonesia ferry ; 31 dead
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-7 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 7 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Mustafa Syahril , AP Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Image 1 of 7 In this Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , photo , residents attempt to rescue victims of the sinking ferry Lestari Maju , seen at right in the background , off Selayar island , South Sulawesi , Indonesia . Passengers trapped for a night on the stricken ferry were rescued early Wednesday , an official said , less In this Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , photo , residents attempt to rescue victims of the sinking ferry Lestari Maju , seen at right in the background , off Selayar island , South Sulawesi , Indonesia . Passengers trapped ... more Photo : Mustafa Syahril , AP Image 2 of 7 In this Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , photo , rescuers remove a victim of the sinking ferry Lestari Maju from the water off Selayar island , South Sulawesi , Indonesia . Passengers trapped for a night on the stricken ferry were rescued early Wednesday , an official said , less In this Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , photo , rescuers remove a victim of the sinking ferry Lestari Maju from the water off Selayar island , South Sulawesi , Indonesia . Passengers trapped for a night on the stricken ... more Photo : Mustafa Syahril , AP Image 3 of 7 In this Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , photo , the sinking ferry Lestari Maju is seen in the waters off Selayar island , South Sulawesi , Indonesia . Passengers trapped for a night on the stricken ferry were rescued early Wednesday , an official said , less In this Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , photo , the sinking ferry Lestari Maju is seen in the waters off Selayar island , South Sulawesi , Indonesia . Passengers trapped for a night on the stricken ferry were rescued early ... more Photo : Mustafa Syahril , AP Image 4 of 7 In this Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , photo , Indonesian men attempt to rescue victims of the sinking ferry Lestari Maju off Selayar island , South Sulawesi , Indonesia . Passengers trapped for a night on the stricken ferry were rescued early Wednesday , an official said , less In this Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , photo , Indonesian men attempt to rescue victims of the sinking ferry Lestari Maju off Selayar island , South Sulawesi , Indonesia . Passengers trapped for a night on the stricken ... more Photo : Mustafa Syahril , AP Image 5 of 7 Image 6 of 7 In this Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , photo , a man sits by the water as the sinking ferry Lestari Maju is seen in the background off Selayar island , South Sulawesi , Indonesia . Passengers trapped for a night on the stricken ferry were rescued . less In this Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , photo , a man sits by the water as the sinking ferry Lestari Maju is seen in the background off Selayar island , South Sulawesi , Indonesia . Passengers trapped for a night on the ... more Photo : Mustafa Syahril , AP Image 7 of 7 Passengers rescued from stricken Indonesia ferry ; 31 dead 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
JAKARTA , Indonesia ( AP ) — Passengers trapped for a night on a stricken ferry off the Indonesian island of Sulawesi were rescued early Wednesday , officials said , as the death toll rose to 31 with three people missing and believed drowned inside the vessel .
The latest in a succession of boat tragedies in Indonesia began on the same day that officials called off a search for 164 people presumed drowned when a wooden ferry sank on June 18 in a deep volcanic crater lake on the island of Sumatra .
The Sulawesi ferry , with 139 passengers aboard according to its manifest , began sinking Tuesday afternoon in rough seas . In a desperate bid to save lives , the vessel 's captain steered it toward shore , grounding it between 200-300 meters ( 985-655 feet ) from land .
Indonesia 's director-general of sea transportation , Agus Purnomo , said in a statement that people trapped on the ferry overnight were rescued early Wednesday .
He did n't specify how many but said the captain and the boat owner were the last two people to leave the vessel .
Amiruddin , chief of the South Sulawesi search and rescue agency , said there were 164 people on the vessel including crew . Amiruddin , who uses one name , said 130 survived .
`` We are still searching for three others who we strongly believe are still inside the ship , '' Amiruddin said .
Photos released by National Disaster Mitigation Agency on Tuesday showed passengers clinging to the listing vessel as others descended into the heavy seas using ropes hung over its side . Most appeared to be wearing lifejackets .
Purnomo credited the captain 's actions with helping to save lives .
The 48.5-meter- ( 159-foot ) -long vessel , carrying several dozen vehicles including a bus and trucks , was on its way to Selayar island , just south of the main Sulawesi island , from the port of Bira when it began taking on water .
Ferry tragedies are common in Indonesia , an archipelago of more than 17,000 islands , with weak enforcement of safety regulations often to blame .
The Lake Toba sinking two weeks ago was the worst in about a decade .
The Palace condemns the spread of photos of the presidential son as 'trial by publicity '
Published 1:30 PM , August 14 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Without a complaint filed in a court , the spread of photos showing Davao City Vice Mayor Paolo Duterte with Kenneth Dong , the Cebu-based businessman linked to the P6.4-billion shabu shipment , is mere `` propaganda , '' said Malacañang .
`` That 's what 's important , documentary evidence , not hearsay . Otherwise all of these things are just speculation , propaganda that can be used and misused , '' said Presidential Spokesman Ernesto Abella on Monday , August 14 .
He was giving the Palace 's reaction to photos being spread online showing Paolo Duterte , President Rodrigo Duterte 's eldest son , with Dong .
Dong is the businessman who is a Bureau of Customs ( BOC ) broker Mark Taguba alleged is the middleman of Richard Tan or Richard Chen , owner of Hongfei Logistics , the company which transported the shipment with billions of pesos worth of shabu to a Valenzuela City warehouse .
Dong is also being investigated by the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency ( PDEA ) in Central Visayas as a `` person of interest , '' supposedly for involvement in the trafficking of illegal drugs , according to a Cebu Daily News report .
Abella said those claiming the younger Duterte is linked to smuggling must take their claims and evidence to court . ( READ : FAST FACTS : Who is Davao City Vice Mayor Paolo Duterte ? )
Merely sharing photos of the two is just `` trial by publicity , '' he added .
`` If anything serious [ those concerned ] regarding this matter then should raise the issue in the proper venues ... At the end of the day , what does it become ? It becomes trial by publicity , '' said Duterte 's spokesman .
Abella also said the photos must first be `` vetted for accuracy '' in order to count as documentary evidence .
`` What does the picture prove ? [ It 's ] different when it 's in the court , there 's really documentary evidence , '' said Abella .
Paolo Duterte himself has reacted to the photos . In his statement , posted on Facebook , he includes photos showing Dong in the company of Liberal Party members , including LP president Senator Francis Pangilinan and Senator Paolo Benigno Aquino IV .
The image comes with the words , `` Ang galing niyo ha ibang tao pa pagbintangan ninyo ! Eh kayo kayo lang din pala ! ( You 're great , you accuse others ! But you yourself are guilty of it ! ) ''
The spread of photos comes after President Duterte declared he would resign if anyone could give him an affidavit proving his eldest son is engaged in illegal activities .
Duterte made this dare after Paolo 's name was dragged into the shabu shipment controversy tackled in congressional hearings .
In one hearing , Taguba claimed Paolo was being name-dropped by corrupt BOC personnel . ( READ : Paolo Duterte a 'smuggler ' ? Trillanes releases documents anew ) – Rappler.com
Maryland man accused of hitting swimmers with jet ski
ANNAPOLIS , Md . ( AP ) — A Maryland man has been accused of striking swimmers with a jet ski and making sexual comments to a police officer .
News outlets report 28-year-old Joseph B. Ireland was charged Sunday with attempted murder and assault . WBAL-TV quotes Maryland Natural Resources Police as saying officers responded to Dobbins Island for a report of people fighting . Police say that after people involved in the fight entered the water , Ireland struck at least two of them with the jet ski .
Charging documents say Ireland 's blood alcohol level was measured at .22 several hours after the reported attack . They also say Ireland made lewd comments to officers , including calling the arresting officer `` Corporal Sexy . '' The documents say Ireland also told the officers he would fight them .
It 's unclear if Ireland has a lawyer .
We live in a time where nearly everything we need can be obtained from our cars . There are drive-thrus for coffee , food , medicine , and banks . Now , thanks to Heritage United Methodist Church in D'Iberville , you can drive thru for prayer .
INQUIRER BANDERA VISAYAS AUGUST 15 , 2017 Bandera
Recent Stories :
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets , netbooks and mobile phones ; 14-issue free trial . About to step out ? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone . Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467 , for Globe , Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines .
Disclaimer : The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera . We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards .
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines , call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here .
PARIS Medical charity Medicins Sans Frontieres said on Wednesday eight people it treated following a suspected chemical attack in northern Syria had symptoms consistent with nerve agents like Sarin .
`` Among the victims of the attack on the town of Khan Sheikhoun who were transferred to the Bab al-Hawa hospital ... near the Turkish border , MSF saw eight patients with symptoms - dilated pupils , muscle spasms , involuntary defection - consistent with exposure to neuro-toxic agents such as Sarin , '' the group said in a statement .
MSF , which has teams at the hospital , said it had provided antidotes and protective equipment for personnel on site .
`` The MSF team also accessed other hospitals treating victims and noted a strong smell of chlorine , suggesting they had been exposed to this toxic agent , '' MSF said .
( Reporting by John Irish ; Editing by Leigh Thomas )
AURORA | Arapahoe County Sheriff officials are asking the public for information about a shooting at Cherry Creek State Park Sunday evening that left a man wounded .
Investigators said the shooting occurred at about 7:30 p.m. near the west boat ramp inside the park , and that deputies were called to assist park rangers after the shooting .
One adult victim was rushed to a nearby undisclosed hospital , officials said . The gunman left the area after the shooting .
Investigators said information about what led to the shooting was unavailable Sunday night , and that they would not release information about the suspect .
Anyone with information about the shooting is asked to contact the Arapahoe County Sheriff 's Office at 303-795-4711 .
WASHINGTON May 2 Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Tuesday they were closer to agreeing on a reworked bill to overhaul the nation 's healthcare system but still lacked the votes to pass it , as President Donald Trump pressed lawmakers for a vote .
The White House has been pressuring House Republicans to push ahead with legislation to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act , commonly called Obamacare , after a first effort failed in March in a major setback for the Trump administration .
`` I think it 's time now '' for a healthcare vote , Trump told lawmakers at the White House on Tuesday .
But Republican leaders , including House Speaker Paul Ryan , are once again struggling to balance the concerns of moderates , who want to protect Americans with pre-existing medical conditions , with the reluctance of conservatives to make changes .
Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina , who heads the staunchly conservative House Freedom Caucus that helped block passage of the first bill , said Republicans were still `` a handful of votes away . ''
Representative Tom MacArthur of New Jersey , a Republican moderate who brokered a deal that revived the healthcare legislation , said there were still some moderates in the party sitting on the fence .
`` It 's close . It 's close . We 're getting there , '' MacArthur said .
Lawmakers are considering a bill that would allow states to opt out of Obamacare protections for people with pre-existing medical conditions - provisions that force insurers to charge sick people and healthy people the same rates .
That is seen as a concession to the Freedom Caucus , which has endorsed the new measure . In an interview earlier this week , Trump , however , insisted the new bill would maintain protections for those with pre-existing conditions .
Republicans have long vowed to repeal Democratic former President Barack Obama 's 2010 healthcare restructuring , arguing that the law , which allowed some 20 million Americans to gain healthcare insurance , was too intrusive and expensive .
During his 2016 campaign , Trump also vowed to get rid of it .
Republicans , however , remain divided over key provisions of the bill , with some lawmakers expressing worries of a spike in the number of people without coverage , or sharp increases in insurance premiums .
`` They 're still talking about possible changes . If they do n't have the votes , then they 'll have to make changes , '' Representative Peter King of New York , a Republican moderate , told reporters , indicating he would likely vote for the bill .
But any tack to the center to shore up moderates ' support threatens to spur defections on the Republican right flank .
`` They change it one iota , I 'm out , '' Representative Dave Brat of Virginia , a Freedom Caucus member , told reporters .
OPPOSITION
Adding to the pressure on Republicans is the unified opposition of Democrats , many of whom view the 2010 healthcare law as the defining domestic achievement of Obama 's presidency , as do healthcare advocates .
Ten major patient advocacy groups , including the American Heart Association and American Diabetes Association , have said they opposed the reworked healthcare bill .
Other major medical groups such as the American Medical Association have also expressed concerns over coverage losses and unaffordable insurance for those with pre-existing conditions .
If a plan passes the House , it is expected to face a tough fight in the Senate , where Republicans have a narrower majority and where some party senators have expressed misgivings about the House bill . ( Reporting by Richard Cowan , David Morgan , Steve Holland and Doina Chiacu ; Writing by Paul Simao ; Editing by Dan Grebler )
KNOXVILLE , Tenn. ( WATE ) — Zoo Knoxville welcomed two new animals .
The zoo celebrated the hatching for two female Bali mynahs . The birds were hatched to the parents Zane and Kadek . The species is critically endangered .
The species has been driven to near-extinction due to unsustainable and illegal trapping to meet the demand of the pet trade , according to the zoo . There are only less than 100 Bali mynahs left in their native range in Indonesia .
“ We are focusing on species that need our help to make a difference for the future of those populations , ” said Michael Ogle , curator of ornithology and herpetology at Zoo Knoxville . “ Every chick counts when you have a population as vulnerable as the Bali mynah and the two hatched here in Knoxville are part of a bigger safety net that accredited zoos are working to maintain . ”
PHOTOS : Zoo Knoxville welcomes hatching of 2 Bali mynahs View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Two Bali mynah chicks hatched at Zoo Knoxville in late September . The critically endangered bird is part of the Species Survival Plan . Two Bali mynah chicks hatched at Zoo Knoxville in late September . The critically endangered bird is part of the Species Survival Plan . Two Bali mynah chicks hatched at Zoo Knoxville in late September . The critically endangered bird is part of the Species Survival Plan . Two Bali mynah chicks hatched at Zoo Knoxville in late September . The critically endangered bird is part of the Species Survival Plan . Two Bali mynah chicks hatched at Zoo Knoxville in late September . The critically endangered bird is part of the Species Survival Plan . Two Bali mynah chicks hatched at Zoo Knoxville in late September . The critically endangered bird is part of the Species Survival Plan . Two Bali mynah chicks hatched at Zoo Knoxville in late September . The critically endangered bird is part of the Species Survival Plan . Two Bali mynah chicks hatched at Zoo Knoxville in late September . The critically endangered bird is part of the Species Survival Plan . Two Bali mynah chicks hatched at Zoo Knoxville in late September . The critically endangered bird is part of the Species Survival Plan .
THE CANADIAN PRESS
FREDERICTON -- Bell Canada is locating a national service centre in Fredericton that 's expected to create up to 150 jobs over the next five years .
Premier Brian Gallant says it 's great news that will help strengthen New Brunswick 's information technology sector and the economy .
The employees will be working with some of Bell 's largest customers across the country on technical issues and network security .
Bell Canada will be eligible for up to $ 3.6 million from the province in the form of payroll rebates once the jobs are created and maintained for at least a year .
Bell also announced it is investing $ 100,000 in the Canadian Institute for Cybersecurity at the University of New Brunswick .
Bell currently employs more than 1,500 across New Brunswick .
Bell Canada is a division of BCE Inc , which owns and operates CTV Atlantic through Bell Media .
Promises decision about running for Langley City mayor by early August
After serving one term as a Liberal MLA , former Langley City mayor Peter Fassbender is considering a return to municipal politics .
“ I 've had lots of people approach me , ” Fassbender told Black Press .
“ I have n't made a final decision . If I run , it will be for mayor . ”
Fassbender said he would decide soon , likely by the end of this month or early next month .
“ I would only do it if I believe I had something to contribute to the community ( and ) I would have to feel it 's the best for me and my wife . ”
Great Volunteer gathering at the Campaign Office ! ! ! pic.twitter.com/5rXkuahX2J — Peter Fassbender ( @ Fassbender_BC ) April 8 , 2017
Fassbender was serving as mayor of Langley City when he was elected MLA for Surrey-Fleetwood in the 2013 provincial election .
He was appointed Minister of Education during a bitter labour dispute with the B.C . Teachers Federation that ended with a settlement after five days of round-the-clock talks .
READ MORE : Fassbender speaks to Langley about teachers ' strike
He then served minister of Community , Sport and Cultural Development and minister responsible for TransLink .
Fassbender stepped down from the mayor 's job after winning his MLA seat in Surrey-Fleetwood .
So far , two incumbent Langley City councillors have declared for the mayoralty .
VIDEO : Two Langley City councillors to run for mayor
Fassbender was on the Langley School Board from 1975 to 1979 .
He was first elected to Langley City as a councillor in 2002 , and then as mayor in the 2005 , 2008 and 2011 elections .
dan.ferguson @ langleytimes.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
The fight to win the right to host the 2024 European Championship finals looks set to be a straight shootout between the German Football Association ( DFB ) and their Turkish counterparts ( TFF ) .
UEFA stated in March 2017 that the finals would be held in either country and today the DFB submitted their bid to host the tournament .
The TFF are expected to enter their bid later in the week and European football 's governing body is expected to announce a winner on September 27 .
The German bid comes after they withdrew their application to host the semi-finals and finals of Euro 2020 which is being held in 12 cities around the continent but the tournament will return to a one-nation format in 2024 .
`` As a player , I took part in the 2006 World Cup in Germany , '' said 2014 World Cup winning captain Philipp Lahm .
`` I am certain that we will once again feel great enthusiasm and create a new spirit of solidarity at UEFA EURO 2024 . We are cosmopolitan hosts , we have modern stadiums and good infrastructures . Football is at home with us .
`` I know that UEFA EURO 2024 will be a great football festival for everyone in Europe – because we are all `` United By Football '' ! ''
Germany hosted the 2006 World Cup while West Germany hosted two major tournaments in the 1974 World Cup and 1988 European Championship .
Turkey has never hosted a major football tournament and had a bid to jointly host Euro 2008 with Greece and the 2012 finals on its own turned down .
Britain 's Labour urges protest to force PM May from power - Daily Mirror
LONDON , June 15 A senior lawmaker in Britain 's opposition Labour Party has called for a million people to take to the streets to force a second election that he said would remove Prime Minister Theresa May from power , the Daily Mirror reported .
Mayor Edgardo Pamintuan , who is also national president of the city mayors ' league , says Sanofi made a 'reckless assault on the human rights ' of children
Published 10:32 PM , December 11 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Angeles City Mayor Edgardo Pamintuan wants French pharmaceutical company Sanofi Pasteur to pay for releasing the anti-dengue vaccine Dengvaxia which led to a public health crisis that affect thousands of his constituents .
This was announced by the local chief executive in a statement released on Monday night , December 11 .
He said more than 6,000 9-year-old children in Angeles City got injected with Dengvaxia before Sanofi announced updates on its clinical tests , showing that the vaccine exposes the person to more severe dengue if he had not been infected before getting the shot .
“ I want to make sure the right legal measures are taken to compensate the damages done to those who received the vaccination , their parents , and to my beloved city , ” Pamintuan said .
This comes as Philippine senators investigate the mess , with at least 3 former health secretaries being called to testify about what went wrong . The vaccines were purchased for P3.5 billion despite the lack of backing from Department of Health ( DOH ) experts and the World Health Organization .
A Sanofi representative , Thomas Triomphe , defended his company during the hearing , saying that Dengvaxia could still prevent dengue .
In a press conference last week , the company 's global medical head said their clinical data showed there is risk of dengue before and after getting the vaccine . However , when a person gets the vaccine after he or she has had an infection , the effectivity of the vaccine increases by up to 6 years . But Dengvaxia increases the risk of contracting severe dengue for those who got the vaccine without prior infection .
Pamintuan said he recently met with a United States-based lawyer to form a legal team from Europe and the US in building up a case against the pharmaceutical company .
`` I look at this incident as a reckless assault on the human rights of the innocent children , and that my city is firing back a direct response against the pharma company that brought fear to those affected by the result of their clinical trial , ” Pamintuan said .
According to the statement , Angeles City is already monitoring the grade school students who got the vaccine .
Pamintuan , who is also president of the city mayors ' league of the Philippines , is perhaps the first local chief executive to challenge the pharmaceutical giant over the dengue vaccine disaster .
The Department of Health estimates that the government has given the vaccine to more than 700,000 children the vaccine . One in every 10 of them is at risk of more severe dengue after getting the vaccine .
The Senate , the House of Representatives , the Department of Justice , and the Department of Health are conducting separate probes into the matter . ( EDITORIAL : Somebody has to answer for the dengue vaccine disaster ) – Rappler.com
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - ITALY ‘ S PRYSMIAN :
* WINS EUR 40 MILLION CONTRACT TO BUILD UNDERWATER CABLE IN CAPRI Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
3 charged with kidnapping , holding man naked for 30 hours
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Three suspects were charged Tuesday with kidnapping two people from a Los Angeles home and holding one of them naked in a bathtub for 30 hours while demanding the other pay a $ 10,000 ransom , prosecutors said .
Keith Andre Stewart , Johntae Jones and Amber Neal were charged with kidnapping , assault with a firearm and other offense in connection with the May 3 incident . It was not immediately clear whether they had attorneys who could comment on the allegations
Neal 's arrest at gunpoint by Los Angeles police officers on Monday was captured on video by a bystander and had been viewed more than 2.4 million times on Twitter . It was n't immediately known when the others were taken into custody .
Prosecutors allege the trio went to Daisy McCrackin 's home in South Los Angeles on May 3 , where they say Stewart pistol-whipped a man who was in the home , Joseph Capone . The three then placed bags over the two victims ' heads and drove them several miles to Jones ' home in Compton , prosecutors said .
Once they were at Jones ' home , the suspects forced Capone to strip naked and then held him in a bathtub for 30 hours without food , prosecutors allege .
Investigators said Jones and Neal then took McCrackin 's car and drove her to several different banks while demanding she pay $ 10,000 for Capone 's release . Eventually she was forced to write a $ 10,000 check to Neal , prosecutors said .
The next day , they brought McCrackin — an actress who has appeared in several films including the horror flick Halloween : Resurrection — back to her home , where she escaped from them and called police , authorities said .
Jones and Neil were being held on $ 1 million each and Steward was being held on more than $ 2 million bail , according to prosecutors . If convicted , they each potentially face sentences of up to life in prison .
___
Follow Michael Balsamo on Twitter at www.twitter.com/MikeBalsamo1 .
× Woman calls the police on a black representative campaigning in Oregon
Rep. Janelle Bynum represents District 51 , which includes the area of Clackamas County , where she was campaigning .
In a Facebook post Tuesday , the Democrat wrote that a woman notified police that Bynum was suspicious because she was “ spending a lot of time typing on my cell phone after each house . ”
Bynum is running for reelection in the fall , and said she takes notes when she 's visiting her constituents to keep an account of what her community cares about .
She praised the deputy who responded for being professional , and said she asked him if she could meet the woman who made the call , but she was not available .
“ The officer called her , we talked and she did apologize , ” Bynum said , without specifying the race of the caller .
CNN has reached out to Bynum and the police department for comment . Bynum told local media that someone called 911 and reported that she was spending too much time at houses in the area .
In recent weeks , there have been a series of widely-publicized instances of police being called on black people engaging in regular activities . In one incident in Ohio , someone called the police on a 12-year-old boy for mowing the wrong lawn .
As the seven adult children of accused abusers David and Louise Turpin begin moving more freely into the world three months after their rescue from alleged imprisonment , the siblings ' recent relocation to a new home together is a “ wonderful ” step in their ongoing recovery , says an expert in child psychology and trauma .
“ The fact that they 're living together is a great sign , ” psychologist Rebecca Bailey tells PEOPLE .
“ From everything we 're hearing , the support system around them is doing everything they should , ” says Bailey , who is not involved in treating the California siblings . “ They 're providing a protected space where the individuals can get their feet on the ground , acclimate to the greater world and begin to discover who they want to be and what opportunities are available to them . ”
Bailey was responding to comments from attorney Jack Osborn , who represents the adult children and recently told ABC News that they moved last month from a medical center to a new home .
Osborn said the house , in an undisclosed part of California , gave each sibling their own room and more freedom to make decisions for themselves .
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter .
The Turpin family David-Louis Turpin/Facebook
The Turpins ' home in Perris , California Sandy Huffaker/Getty
“ They have a social connectedness with each other that is likely to be very supportive , ” another child trauma expert , Dr. Heather Forkey , chief of the child protection program at UMass Memorial Children 's Medical Center , tells PEOPLE .
That attachment “ gives them tools they can use to help them deal with whatever symptoms they may be having , ” she says . “ My guess is that they are gathering strength from each other . In looking after each other , they actually are gaining skills that will help each one of them individually . ”
The status of the six minor Turpin children is less clear . Authorities said in January that they were being treated at a different facility from their older siblings , though the two groups reportedly have kept in touch via Skype .
The 13 Turpin children ranged from ages 2 to 29 when they were recovered Jan. 14 from the family 's suburban home in Perris , California , after one of them , a 17-year-old girl , fled through a window and dialed 911 .
Three of the 13 children were discovered shackled to beds and furniture , while others were located in cramped , foul-smelling rooms , prosecutors have said . Investigation revealed the children frequently were left to lie in their own waste , unable to use a toilet while chained , and were allowed to shower only once a year while being denied food , even as the parents ate well themselves
Authorities said it appeared the youngest child was spared the worst of the abuse .
From left : David and Louise Turpin Riverside County Sheriff 's Department ( 2 )
David , 56 , and Louise , 49 , face numerous criminal charges in the alleged mistreatment of their children , including abuse , torture and false imprisonment .
Child trauma experts previously told PEOPLE the unknown potential effects on the children — physical , mental and emotional — would take time to diagnose .
“ The easiest pieces to have figured out by now are the physical ones , the nutritional ones , the health consequences , ” says Dr. Forkey . “ Those can be addressed fairly straightforwardly . By this time , those injuries and nutritional issues will be well on their way to improving . ”
“ It 's the psychological consequences that will take some time to come out , ” she explains . “ These kids have presumably had impact on a lot of levels of their psyche . But they also presumably have a number of resilient skills . ”
“ The nice thing about resiliency is everybody 's got it , and you can grow more , ” she says .
Although locals who have been following the case have taken to affectionately calling the Turpin children “ The Magnificent 13 , ” the siblings themselves remain unaware of how much media attention their case has generated , their attorney said .
Osborn said that his clients are receiving occupational , physical and psychological therapy and catching up on the movies they 've missed over the years . He said they love the Star Wars films .
“ They are all bright and articulate and incredibly eager to study , ” Caleb Mason , another attorney for the seven siblings , told PEOPLE in late March . “ The thing they want more than anything else is an education . ”
“ The adult siblings want to be known as survivors , not victims , ” Osborn told ABC News .
The Turpin family Courtesy Billy Lambert
Says Bailey : “ It 's very important that we listen to the words that people want to use to describe themselves . ”
Bailey is an advisory board member of The JAYC Foundation , which helps people overcome trauma and was founded by Jaycee Dugard , who was kidnapped and held captive for 18 years .
“ I also know that there are folks that need to understand that they have been victimized by people that should have cared for them , ” Bailey says .
“ We all know that there is no catching up on all the years that they missed , and yet there is the opportunity to use that and move forward , ” she says . “ There 's no mistaking that there will be some grief over the years that were lost . ”
Bailey calls this year “ all about stabilization ” for the adult siblings . She notes that while they will be crucial sources of solace for one another , there are likely more changes ahead as they recover .
“ The fact that they are allowed to be together is so important . And they may find the challenge going forward is how to separate from each other , ” she says , and “ acknowledge that each have different desires . Each person will have their own path . ”
Of the future , Bailey says : “ This is just the beginning . ”
Alicia Keys is taking a trip down memory lane .
The 36-year-old singer appears in Clive Davis : The Soundtrack of Our Lives , a new documentary about the legendary record producer , and opens up about how Davis gave her the break she needed to make it big .
“ At 16 , I was signed by Columbia Records . The people at Columbia really did n't understand what I was doing . My manager at the time , he was like , ‘ If they do n't get you , then let 's find somebody that does , ' ” she says in an exclusive sneak peek of the documentary .
“ I 'll never forget meeting Clive . I remember him being really appreciative and celebratory of the fact that I was my own artist . And I remember feeling so inspired . ”
Key has snagged more than a dozen Grammys over her career , which was kicked off by one of her earliest hits ‘ Fallin . ' ”
“ People really liked ‘ Fallin . ' But it defied all genres . It did n't have a place at radio , ” says Keys .
“ [ Davis ] knew that if people could lay their eyes on me , if they could see what he saw , then they would see what he saw , ” she adds .
Does Dolly Parton Get Starstruck ? She Tells Us & Dishes on Her Last Fashion Disaster
Davis worked his magic and “ Fallin ' ” had a six-week reign on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2001 .
The music mogul has cemented himself as one of the industry 's most iconic figures . The documentary chronicles Davis ' rise from humble beginnings to driving the careers of some of music 's biggest stars .
Clive Davis : The Soundtrack of Our Lives is available on Apple Music and will be available on iTunes on Oct. 13 .
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career .
Rio Olympics - Rugby - Preliminary - Men 's Pool C New Zealand v Japan - Deodoro Stadium - Rio de Janeiro , Brazil - 09/08/2016 . Sonny Bill Williams ( NZL ) of New Zealand in action . REUTERS/Phil Noble
New Zealand Rugby ( NZR ) and the Auckland Blues have given Sonny Bill Williams permission to have advertising from sponsors Bank of New Zealand ( BNZ ) and Investec removed from his Super Rugby training and playing kits on religious grounds .
The All Blacks centre , who converted to Islam in 2008 , put tape over the `` Bank of New Zealand '' logos on the collar of his shirt when he made his return after seven months out injured in a Super Rugby match in Dunedin on Saturday .
The 31-year-old 's decision to cover up the logo was questioned by New Zealand Prime Minister Bill English on Monday .
`` New Zealand Rugby and the Blues have accommodated Sonny Bill Williams ' request to have advertising from the BNZ and Investec removed from his Super Rugby playing jersey , '' the NZR and Blues said in a joint statement .
Two-times World Cup winner Williams said he preferred not to wear logos from banks , alcohol brands and gambling sponsors on his team uniform .
`` I want to be clear that this is nothing personal against the BNZ or Investec , '' Williams added .
`` My objection to wearing clothing that markets banks , alcohol and gambling companies is central to my religious beliefs and it is important to me to have been granted this exemption .
`` I want to thank the Blues and New Zealand Rugby for working with me through this matter over the last couple of days and respecting my religion and accommodating my request . ''
However , the ruling does not apply to the removal of Investec from the tournament logo on all Super Rugby team jerseys .
Williams has told NZR that he has no objection to sporting advertising from insurance companies but has already been dropped from promotional activities with All Blacks ' sponsor AIG .
( Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru )
YouTube singer Austin Jones arrested on child pornography charges
LOS ANGELES , June 14 A 24-year-old YouTube singer with a teen fan base has been charged with using social media to solicit explicit videos from two young female fans .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - CINEWORLD GROUP PLC :
* ‍ANSCHUTZ CORP , The LARGEST SHAREHOLDER OF REGAL ENTERTAINMENT DELIVERED ITS WRITTEN CONSENT TO APPROVE ACQUISITION OF REGAL BY CO​
* ‍ALL COMPANY AND REGAL SHAREHOLDER APPROVALS NECESSARY TO PROCEED WITH TRANSACTION HAVE NOW BEEN RECEIVED​
* ‍COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION IS CURRENTLY EXPECTED TO OCCUR ON OR PRIOR TO 2 MARCH 2018​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
May 2 Amyris Inc
* Amyris inc says announces key advancements under darpa multi-year technology investment agreement
* Amyris inc says development and optimization of metabolic networks to 26 metabolic intermediates and many different pathways beyond terpenoids Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
FEBRUARY 2 , 2018 — Inland shipbuilder Jeffboat LLC , Jeffersonville , IN , has given the Indiana Department of Workforce Development notice pursuant to the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act ( WARN ) that it intends to conduct layoffs at its shipyard facility .
It says the action `` is in further response to a decrease in the demand for the vessels that Jeffboat manufactures at the facility '' and that `` layoffs are expected to begin on or about February 5 , 2018 and continue at a minimum through April of 2018 . Approximately 226 employees will be affected in total . ''
`` While we do not currently intend to close the facility , '' says Jeffboat , `` we expect the separations will be permanent within the meaning of WARN .
According to the Jeffersonville News and Tribune , this is the second round of layoffs announced by the shibuilder in the past few months .
`` The company announced it would lay off approximately 278 employees in November . '' says the newspaper . `` Anywhere from 800 to 1,000 people are employed at the shipyard at any one time , depending on what kind of projects on which the company is working , according to News and Tribune archives . ''
Read the WARN notification letter HERE
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Republican-led Senate voted decisively to punish Moscow for interfering in the 2016 election by approving a wide-ranging sanctions package that targets key sectors of Russia 's economy and individuals who carried out cyberattacks .
Senators on Wednesday passed the bipartisan sanctions legislation 97-2 , underscoring broad support among Republicans and Democrats for rebuking Russia after U.S. intelligence agencies determined Moscow had deliberately interfered in the presidential campaign . Lawmakers who backed the measure also cited Russia 's aggression in Syria and Ukraine .
Despite Russia 's bellicosity , there 's been no forceful response from President Donald Trump . The president has instead sought to improve relations with Moscow and rejected the implication that Russian hacking of Democratic emails tipped the election his way .
Russian President Vladimir Putin 's “ brazen attack on our democracy is a flagrant demonstration of his disdain and disrespect for our nation , ” Sen. John McCain of Arizona , the Republican chairman of the Armed Services Committee , said ahead of the vote .
“ But in the last eight months , what price has Russia paid for attacking American democracy ? ” said McCain , who also faulted Congress for not moving more quickly .
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson offered tepid support for the sanctions measure , telling the House Foreign Affairs Committee he agreed “ with the sentiment ” among lawmakers that Russia must be held accountable for its meddling in the election .
But Tillerson urged Congress to make the sanctions legislation does n't tie the president 's hands and shut down promising avenues of communication between the two former Cold War foes . He asked lawmakers “ to ensure any legislation allows the president to have the flexibility to adjust sanctions to meet the needs of what is always an evolving diplomatic situation . ”
If the Trump administration decides to oppose the new sanctions , they could be in a bind . The sanctions measure has been attached to a bill imposing penalties on Iran that the Senate is currently debating and which also has strong bipartisan support . So the White House would have to reject stricter punishments against Iran , which it favors , in order to derail the parts of the legislation it may object to .
Sens . Mike Lee , R-Utah , and Rand Paul , R-Ky. , voted against the Russia sanctions package . Once the Iran bill passes the Senate , the legislation moves to the House for action .
Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio , the top Democrat on the Banking Committee , said Trump 's failure to act could embolden Russia and lead to interference in future U.S. elections . Brown also said the veto-proof vote on the sanctions package should send a strong signal to the White House .
“ If the president does n't sign a bill that passes the Senate with 90 votes , the president will learn yet another lesson about what the public wants , ” Brown said .
The leaders of the Senate Banking and Foreign Relations committees announced late Monday that they 'd reached an agreement on the sanctions package after intensive negotiations .
The discussions gathered steam late last month after Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee , the Republican chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee , joined the effort to push the legislation forward . Corker said he 'd agreed to give Tillerson a “ short window of opportunity ” to reverse the deteriorating relationship between the United States and Russia . But Corker said his patience ran out after he reviewed classified intelligence that showed “ no difference whatsoever ” in Russia 's behavior , especially in Syria .
The deal was forged amid the firestorm over investigations into Moscow 's possible collusion with members of Trump 's campaign . House and Senate committees are investigating Russia 's meddling and potential links to the Trump campaign . Special Counsel Robert Mueller is conducting a separate probe .
The measure calls for strengthening current sanctions and imposing new ones on a broad range of people , including Russians engaged in corruption , individuals in human rights abuses and anyone supplies weapons to the government of Syrian President Bashar Assad . Broad new sanctions would be imposed on Russia 's mining , metals , shipping and railways sectors .
The measure would punish individuals who conduct what the senators described as “ conducting malicious cyber activity on behalf of the Russian government. ” Also covered by the sanctions are people doing business with Russian intelligence and defense agencies .
The package also would require a congressional review if a president attempts to ease or end current penalties . The review mechanism was styled after 2015 legislation pushed by Republicans and approved overwhelmingly in the Senate that gave Congress a vote on whether Obama could lift sanctions against Iran . That measure reflected Republican complaints that Obama had overstepped the power of the presidency and needed to be checked by Congress .
Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , D-N.H. , a member of the Armed Services and Foreign Relations committees , said the Senate has finally confronted Russia .
“ This bipartisan amendment is the sanctions regime that the Kremlin deserves for its actions , ” Shaheen said .
The Prescott Gem & Mineral Show will be Aug. 3-5 at the Prescott Valley Event Center , 3201 N. Main , Prescott Valley . There will be more than 60 vendors from the Southwest , offering a variety of gem and mineral related products . There will be demonstrations , a raffle and kids ' section .
Admission is $ 5 for adults and $ 4 for seniors . Veterans , students and those younger than 12 get in free with a paying adult . Parking is free .
Kombucha tea explained July 14
What exactly is kombucha ? Why do people drink it ? How is it made ? These questions will be answered in a workshop sponsored by All Natural Cosmetics in Prescott Valley at 1 p.m. Saturday , July 14 .
The Art of Brewing Your Own Kombucha , a two-hour experiential class offers participants a fun way to explore this ancient elixir . A taste-testing , starter kit ( $ 25 value ) , step-by-step instructions and recipes for creating personalized brews are included in the class fee of $ 30 . Pre-paid pre-registration is required by July 7 . Participants can register by phone at 928-772-0119 or at the All Natural Cosmetics store , 8504 E. Highway 69 , Prescott Valley .
People Who Care volunteer meeting July 11
There will be a volunteer informational meeting for People Who Care from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m. July 11 at People Who Care Office , Prescott United Methodist Church , 505 W. Gurley , Prescott .
People Who Care volunteers provide caring non-medical assistance for adults unable to drive due to age-related and/or physical limitations . This allows an individual to continue living in their own homes and remain independent as long as safely possible .
People Who Care is a community-based nonprofit with programs in Prescott , Prescott Valley , Dewey and Chino Valley . Volunteers help in the community where they and enrolled Neighbors live . The majority of our Neighbors live alone .
People Who Care offers volunteer assistance with a one to one situation by helping with : transportation to healthcare/business appointments , grocery shopping , personal paperwork , visiting , caregiver relief and more .
Reaching out and assisting our neighbors is a “ feel good ” opportunity for both the person volunteering and the one receiving the volunteer assistance . Please call 928-445-2480 for more information .
PV seeking volunteers for patrol , records
The Town of Prescott Valley is seeking volunteers for the following positions . Hours and days of service are flexible , and training is provided :
Volunteers are needed as patrol officers , records support and officer and victim assistance in the Family Violence Unit ; the Neighborhood Good Works Crew needs people who would like to help the elderly or community members with disabilities for projects like mowing and minor yard work ( all tools are supplied by the town ) ; volunteer facilities assistants open , close and secure the Library Crystal Room before and after meetings and special events on Saturdays , between 8 a.m. and 3 p.m. ; and at the library drive-up window , volunteers are needed from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. weekdays ; volunteers are also needed for the adult literacy program , to help adults learn to read or improve their reading skills .
For more information about volunteering for the Town of Prescott Valley in any of these positions , call Heidi Dahms Foster , 928-759-3123 , or see the website www.pvaz.net and click on jobs/volunteers .
Fandomania at the library July 28
From 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday , July 28 , the Prescott Valley Public Library will be hosting “ Fandomania : a Comic Con Event . ”
This exciting all-ages program will combine comics , movies , books and gaming with local businesses , authors and artists to provide a whole day of exciting and unique workshops and activities . Wear your favorite book/movie/television character and join the fun .
For more information , contact Shelbie ( smarks @ pvaz.net or 928-759-3038 ) at the Prescott Valley Public Library .
Town in need of volunteers Board of Adjustment
This is a volunteer position , by appointment of the Prescott Valley Town Council , requiring general knowledge of zoning concepts and town codes . Applicants must live and reside within the Town of Prescott Valley .
The board interprets and enforces town code , including in regard to zoning . Applications are available at the town manager 's office , on the fourth floor of the Civic Center , 7501 E. Civic Circle , 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday . Applications will be accepted until the positions are filled .
Franklin Phonetic accepting students
Franklin Phonetic Primary School is accepting enrollment for the 2018-19 school year . At the present time , there are openings in most grade levels , a news release states .
Enrollment forms will be accepted for other grades that are currently full . Students will be kept on a waiting list should openings occur . To obtain an enrollment form , visit the school at 6116 E. Highway 69 ( just east of Big Sporting Goods ) , or visit www.franklinphoneticschool.com .
Franklin School has been in operation since 1996 . It has a traditional nature with an emphasis on the fine arts as well as academics . Franklin School is a public charter school and there is no fee to attend .
Tickets on sale for Jay Leno performance
Yavapai College has launched its Golden Anniversary celebration with one of the best emcees in the history of show business . Beloved comedian , Mark Twain Prize-winner and longtime Tonight Show host Jay Leno performs Saturday night , Aug. 25 , at Yavapai College Performing Arts Center . Tickets went on sale Monday , May 14 , for this one-of-a-kind , one-night-only YCPAC Celebrity Performance . Tickets start at $ 69 . For reservations or more information , contact the YCPAC Box Office , 1100 E. Sheldon St. , Prescott , between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. Monday through Friday , or call 928-776-2000 ( or 877-928-4253 toll free ) .
Monthly cruise-in meets 4th Thursday
The Prescott Antique Auto Club ( PAAC ) has moved its monthly “ Cruise In With the PAAC ” to a new location . After six years behind the Olive Garden restaurant , they are relocating to the outer parking lot behind the BMO Harris Bank , in downtown Prescott . The bank is at the corner of Sheldon and Montezuma streets . The cruise will start at 4 p.m. and , weather permitting , go until 8 p.m. , the fourth Thursday of the month , from April to October . There are drawings and other activities .
The public is welcome to attend . Nonmember cars are welcome . There is a great deal of participation from the businesses located in the shopping center . Sprouts will be sponsoring the cars entered each month .
Each drive , as well as members of PAAC in attendance , will receive a ticket automatically entered in a drawing for a gift card from Sprouts . Other businesses helping make the cruise a fun event include : Walgreen 's , Staples , Canton Dragon , Brown Bag Burgers , Chipotle , Starbucks , Panda Express , Subway , and Swirl-N-Top frozen treats .
The Veterans Resource Centers ( VRC ) of America will have a booth at the cruise each month . Along with collecting non-perishable items for the food bank , the VRCA will be there for any veteran in need of assistance . The VRC will have someone at the cruise each month .
Families are invited to the Cruise In With the PAAC event . This will be a fun early evening in downtown Prescott each month . For more information , contact Ali at 928-771-2521 .
‘ Oh My Aching Back ! ' topic of speech
The Prescott Valley Public Library is partnering with the Yavapai Regional Medical Center Speakers Bureau to bring an “ Oh My Aching Back ! ” presentation with Al Peraza , PT , DPT .
Learn basic anatomy , function , common spine problems and how to best care for your back . The presentation is at noon Thursday , July 19 , in the library 's third-floor Crystal Room , 7401 E. Civic Circle .
Please register online at yrmc.eventbrite.com or call 928-708-4636 .
Copper State Detachment meets
The “ Copper State ” Detachment 906 of the Marine Corps League meets the fourth Wednesday of each month at the VFW Post 10227 , 2375 N. 5th St. , Prescott Valley . Social Hour is from 6 to 7 p.m . The group participates in VA volunteer services , Young Marines and Toys for Tots and provides color guard for parades ; flag posting for patriotic events ; and honor guard at veteran services . Visit www.copperstate906mcl.org for information .
Seeking volunteer literacy and ESL tutors
The Prescott Valley Adult Literacy Group is seeking volunteer literacy and ESL tutors . If you would like to make a difference in the lives of adults who need help with reading and writing or learning to speak English as a second language , the group has just the opportunity for you .
The Adult Literacy Group provides the training and books , you provide the commitment to help the individual student you will be paired with . You will meet your student once per week for an hour to hour and a half at the Prescott or Prescott Valley Library , or other locations suited to you both .
The group has 55 tutors , who make a life-changing difference , one student at a time . For information , or to sign up for the next training class , call and leave a message for Kathy Lewis at 928-759-3049 . Their office is located at the Prescott Valley Library , 7401 Civic Circle in Prescott Valley .
D-H Library book sale ongoing
The Dewey-Humboldt Library 's book sale is continuing . During regular library hours , use the 2735 N. Corral Street entrance from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesdays , Wednesdays and Fridays ; from 1 to 7 p.m. Thursdays ; and 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturdays . A great selection of gift-quality hardbacks is available for $ 1 and paperbacks for 25 cents , includes westerns , history , romance , travel , cooking , religion , sports , etc . Call 928-632-5049 for more information .
Rainwater harvesting testing available
If you live in the Dewey-Humboldt or Mayer area ( within 10 miles of the Iron King Mine ) , and harvest rainwater for garden use , the University of Arizona invites you to participate in Project Harvest . Project Harvest participants will collect harvested water , soil and vegetable samples to determine the concentration ( or not ) of potential contaminants .
There is no cost to participate , and all supplies and training is provided .
If you are interested in more information , visit projectharvest.arizona.edu . You may sign up on the website to receive additional information , or contact the local Community Health Educator directly at margaretdewey @ email.arizona.edu .
Art classes for youth available
Prescott Valley Parks and Recreation Department is proud to introduce one of its newest learning opportunities , Art Club ! Local youth are invited to join classes led by local , professional artists who work in a variety of media .
This is a chance to learn new techniques , improve your current art skills , learn about artists and movements and work collaboratively with other artists .
These classes are suitable for anyone ages 12 to 25 ; all levels of experience ( beginner to advanced ) are encouraged to join . Students with experience will be encouraged to help younger and less experienced artists . Students will have opportunities to show their work in public exhibits , join in critiques , work on community projects and learn how to frame , market and sell their work .
Lessons are approximately half an hour of instruction followed by one to two hours of time to complete projects . In addition to general instruction , teachers will provide one-on-one assistance to students as they work . Pre-registration is required and spaces are limited . Registration is available on our website — go to the Parks and Recreation page and click “ Register Online ” to see the class portfolio and sign up for classes , you must create a free account to sign up .
Library book clubs meeting
Prescott Valley Public Library hosts two book clubs each month . If you 're looking for a book club to join , check us out .
Book clubs prove that books bring people together and the summer months are the perfect time to join our book clubs . If you have questions , please contact Carol at 928-759-6193 .
The PVPL Book Club group meets each month on the third Thursday at 10:30 a.m. in the Genealogy Room ( second floor ) .
The PVPL Afterthoughts Book Club group meets each month on the fourth Tuesday at 6 p.m. in the Genealogy Room ( second floor ) .
Vera Wang is known for designing lavish red carpet gowns and brides ' dream wedding dresses , so she knows a little something about making a major impact on an important day . And nothing she does crystallizes that skill more than her work creating the eye-catching costumes worn by figure skating 's most iconic competitors at the Olympic Games for the past 20 years .
“ It 's not for the faint of heart , ” Wang told PEOPLE in an interview for its special issue The Best of Olympic Figure Skating . “ If one strap were to break , or if the beading on the sleeve gets caught when they turn , their whole Olympics is over . That is how serious it is . It 's absolutely nightmarish ! ”
There 's few people better other Wang fit for the job , especially considering she was a figure skater herself before getting into fashion . “ I understand the physics , ” she said . “ I think people are fooled by the nature of the costumes and the ease and the musicality and the choreography . It is an extreme sport . ”
Still , despite the stress she faces with each costume she designs , Wang — who was inducted into the U.S . Figure Skating Hall of Fame for her contributions — is always up for the challenge . This year , she will be credited for designing the costumes worn by American figure skater Nathan Chen , the 2017 US Men 's Figure Skating Champion , at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Seoul .
Harry How/Getty
“ I am so honored that Vera and her team will be creating my costumes . Vera 's knowledge and understanding of figure skating along with her extraordinary talent for design make this collaboration incredible , ” Chen said in a release .
Looking for more style content ? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts , can't-live-without beauty products and more .
In honor of the 2018 Winter Games on Friday , Feb. 9 , we caught up with Wang to look back at her most iconic design moments from past Olympics .
Nancy Kerrigan
Wang had been designing bridal for several years when she was approached by Nancy Kerrigan 's coach , with whom she 'd skated , to make the figure skater 's costumes . “ At first I really did n't want to do it … She said , ‘ I want you to do Nancy 's dresses for the Olympics ' and I said , ‘ What are you talking about ? ' ” the designer told us . Ultimately , she decided to give it a try and dressed Kerrigan for “ nearly four years , ” including the 1992 and 1994 Olympics .
Getty ( 4 )
RELATED PHOTOS : Snow Cute ! Shop Stars ' Coolest ( and Warmest ) Sundance-Inspired Style
When it came to designing Kerrigan 's pieces , Wang “ was trying to enhance her physique . She had a beautiful long neck and I always tried to create a neckline that was higher for her. ” Wang 's also the person behind the “ illusion craze ” Kerrigan started with her 1994 costume 's sleeves .
“ I started the stretch illusion craze on her . That is a very , very delicate fabric , ” she told us . “ My worries — even though I loved the transparency of it and the fact it very much hugged the body — I was always concerned it would rip ! ”
At the time , Kerrigan and Wang 's collaboration was groundbreaking , making New York Times headlines for the multiple-thousand-dollar price tags in comparison to the homemade costumes worn by her competitor Tonya Harding and past Olympians including Dorothy Hamill ..
Michelle Kwan
Wang calls Michelle Kwan , whom she costumed for the 1998 and 2002 Olympics , “ an actress on the ice , ” with an athleticism that meant her outfits “ had to give her a feeling of freedom . She needed to feel she was almost in a bathing suit . ”
Getty ( 3 )
Kwan 's other requests ? “ She did not want anything near her neck . She had to feel that her neck was free . And she did n't like skirts with volume . She felt when she rotated in the air , any extra fabric was an added burden , ” Wang said .
The stress of making sure every piece was just right definitely got to Wang at particular times . “ I remember breaking out in a cold sweat sometimes six months before dressing Michelle . I 'd just think , ‘ Oh my God . She loves beading . I 'm putting it down the side of her dress . Is that going to mess up one of her triple jumps ? ' It looks so effortless and it 's not , ” she said .
The two remained so close that Kwan wore Vera Wang to her wedding in 2013 .
Evan Lysacek
After all of the other costumes Wang had created , there was only one moment when she wanted to quit : the 2010 Olympics , which was also her first time dressing a male figure skater . “ With Evan [ Lysacek ] , I tried to back out in July . I woke up one night with hot flashes and a rash . The technology of designing for him worried me , ” she said .
Getty ( 2 )
The process of designing figure skating costumes for a man posed a much different challenge than designing for a woman . “ We had to quadruple stitch the seams . Triple stitching was not enough for his torque , ” Wang told us . “ And Evan , being a man and having to jump incessantly , was very conscious of the weight of fabric . It had to be as thin as possible . ”
People 's special issue The Best of Olympic Figure Skating is available now on Amazon and wherever magazines are sold .
— with reporting by Eileen Finan
A A
New year , new you .
For nearly half of Americans , the New Year comes with pledges of self-improvement . And for many , health-related goals are at the top of the list — resolutions to lose weight , get active or quit smoking .
Ten percent of resolution-makers want to lose weight and 10 percent resolve to exercise more in 2017 , according to a survey by the Marist College Institute for Public Opinion . Improving one 's health and eating healthier each topped resolution lists for 7 percent of people , according to the survey .
Other top resolutions include being a better person — which , at 16 percent , is the most popular resolution for 2017 , bumping weight loss from the top spot — spending less and saving more money , according to the survey .
The Columbian asked local leaders to share their health-related New Year 's resolutions . Many said they 're resolving to find balance in their busy lives . Some hope to keep their fitness feats rolling in 2017 , others want to ramp up exercise routines or overhaul eating habits . For a few , mental and emotional health are top priorities .
So here 's to a successful — and healthy — 2017 .
Bart Hansen , Vancouver City Council
“ I need to start eating foods I do not like ( healthy food ) . My current diet is somewhere between what Peter Griffin and Homer Simpson would eat . I like hot wings , tachos ( tater tot nachos ) and lasagna . In the past , vegetables were just a waste of valuable real estate . I 'm not getting any younger , and things have got to change . Go 2017 ! ”
Jerry Green , Clark County Fire District 6 chief
“ Nearly every person , including myself , sets their New Year 's resolution for better personal health . ‘ I 'm going to purchase a gym membership and lose 20 pounds … and keep it off . ' We set ourselves up for failure , and as we all know , this never works . So this year , I 'm setting a goal of balance in my life for ‘ optimal health . ' I 'm learning in order to have optimal health , we must have balance in the following areas : physical , mental , emotional , spiritual , financial health and well-being , thus allowing for a healthy and happy lifestyle for years to come . Cheers to our happy and healthy community . ”
Alishia Topper , Vancouver City Council
“ My 2017 resolution is all about balance and to holistically take care of my health . I 'm focused on taking more time to spend with my loved ones , get more sleep and regular exercise . The mix of those three ingredients will make me more productive in 2017 . ”
Chuck Atkins , Clark County sheriff
“ Even though I 'm very pleased with my year , in review , I have n't taken care of myself as much as I should and have over the years . I will focus more on a variety of exercise to include biking and canoeing with my wife . I also will remind myself to keep a healthy balance between work and family , and , if I was to drop out of balance , it would be toward my family ! I am a blessed man but growing older is n't for the weak . ”
Tim Leavitt , Vancouver mayor
“ Hope to toss the blood pressure medicine , with what appears to be an improvement in leadership at the county council . No more pushups right before our city council meetings . ”
Marc Boldt , Clark County council chair
“ I look forward to a positive outlook using stories and humor to show God 's love to those I serve . Yes , including newspaper reporters . ”
Scott Higgins , Camas mayor
“ Having had good success with weight loss in 2016 ( down 90 pounds ) for the first time in my adult life , weight loss is not the top item on my resolutions . 2017 will be a year I focus on exercise and thankfulness . I will incorporate regular exercise into my busy schedule and take time daily to be thankful for all that is good in my life . There is so much to be thankful for , and I am guilty of not focusing on that enough . ”
Ron Onslow , Ridgefield mayor
“ I will resolve to give shorter speeches , listen longer to ( Camas Mayor ) Scott Higgins talking about Camas football , try more of ( Washougal Mayor ) Sean Guard 's ‘ weird beer ' ( at Washougal 's Weird Beer festival ) , stop fighting Vancouver North 's annexation to Ridgefield , welcome ( Battle Ground Mayor ) Philip Johnson when he visits Ridgefield , wish ( La Center Mayor ) Greg Thornton luck at the casino , visit ( Yacolt Mayor ) Jeff Carothers in Yacolt more often when it 's sunny ( it is , right ? ) and avoid ( Woodland Mayor ) Will Finn ( state patrolman ) at all costs . Aside from that , to enjoy with a full heart being mayor of a wonderful growing city full of great people . ”
James McElvain , Vancouver police chief
“ This past year , I began running again , running a half-marathon , and a few 5Ks and 10Ks . This coming year , I plan to continue my regimen of boot camps at Boomer Fitness and a goal to continue to run 20 miles each week . While I get a lot out of the boot camps and enjoy the trainers , the running really seems to clear my mind . ”
Mike Cooke , Clark County undersheriff
“ As much as I would like to spend my free time doing yoga or exercising , I think I 'd really rather try to visit every barbecue joint in the county over the next year and enjoy some amazing ribs , pulled pork and brisket . ”
Julie Olson , Clark County council
“ I am going to cycle more in 2017 , including participating in the 200-plus mile STP ( Seattle to Portland ) ride , Reach the Beach ( 105 miles ) and at least one more century ride . In addition to physical exercise , I am committed to reading more for pleasure , at least one book a month . ”
March 31 New West Energy Services Inc :
* New West Energy Services Inc announces its third quarter results
* Q3 revenue rose 8 percent to C $ 4.0 million
* New West Energy Services Inc - EBITDA for quarter was $ 203,000 , representing a decrease of $ 20,000 compared to same period last year Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
GREENVILLE — Monday saw a number of people appear in Darke County Common Pleas Court to be sentenced .
Among them was Timothy H. Harsh Jr. , 39 , of Greenville , who was credited with 104 days in jail and placed under community control after pleading guilty to a fifth-degree felony count of aggravated possession of methamphetamine . Harsh was also ordered to pay restitution in the amount of $ 125 . He was represented in court by defense attorney Dave Rohrer .
Jason M. Thomas , 32 , of Greenville , was sentenced to serve 67 days in jail after an admission of violating his community control sanctions . Thomas was originally convicted on a fourth-degree felony charge of grand theft . Rohrer represented Thomas in court .
Samantha J. Thomas , 22 , of Greenville , was ordered to the MonDay drug abuse treatment program in Dayton , Ohio , in lieu of a 17-month prison sentence . Thomas admitted to violating the terms of her community control on a fourth-degree felony charge of tampering with evidence . She was represented by Rohrer .
Kaci M. Blankenship , 26 , of Arcanum , was also ordered to the MonDay program after violating terms of her community control . Blankenship was originally convicted on a third-degree felony count of burglary , a fifth-degree theft count , and a misdemeanor theft count . Blankenship must also pay $ 2,876 in restitution and serve 100 hours of community service . Rohrer represented her in court .
Deborah S. Fornshil , 54 , of Greenville , is also a candidate for the MonDay program after admitting to violations of her community control . She was originally convicted on a fourth-degree felony count of trafficking in heroin . Common Pleas Court Judge Jonathan P. Hein agreed to a continuation of community control sanctions . Rohrer represented Fornshil in court .
Samantha Thomas ( right ) was among a number of defendants who received sentences Monday in Darke County Common Pleas Court . Samantha Thomas ( right ) was among a number of defendants who received sentences Monday in Darke County Common Pleas Court . Erik Martin | The Daily Advocate
Seattle , Wash. – Memorial Day marks the unofficial start to the summer season . That means billions of tourism dollars pumping into the city . Nearly 40 million people visited Seattle and King County in 2017 spending more than $ 7 billion in 2017 alone . That revenue is n't immune to the city 's growing homeless problem .
“ I love it . it 's so pretty like everywhere you turn it 's gorgeous , ” said Asya Thompson .
Flight attendants Aysa Thompson and Kenyetta Murray travel for a living , but Seattle still stand out .
“ So much food , beautiful flowers , and the market is beautiful , ” said Kenyetta Murray .
From Pike Place Market to the Space Needle , something else is being pushed to the forefront .
“ We walked around and we noticed it was a homeless problem , ” said Murray .
The Space Needle is normally the first stop for tourists in our area and right next door growing homeless encampments and now it 's starting to cost the city tourism dollars .
“ For the first time over the last couple of years , we 've lost conventions to other cities because of what we would call the street scene . I would n't say it 's just homelessness it 's more of a sense of civility and safety on the streets , cleanliness on the streets , ” said Visit Seattle CEO & President Tom Norwalk .
“ Visit Seattle ” promotes and tracks tourism in Seattle . Visit Seattle CEO & President Tom Norwalk hopes the growing homeless problem does n't interfere with eight consecutive years of tourism growth .
“ Sometimes it 's not comfortable and that combination of things makes some meeting planners fearful for their future attendees coming to the city , ” said Norwalk .
It 's headlines like these further damaging Seattle 's image when people Google the city and think about planning a trip here .
“ It 's something we 're addressing more head on about the issues on the streets , what we 're doing as a city and as a county to address those and at least there 's been quite a bit of talk and we 're hoping for some action , ” said Norwalk .
Action is what Seattle Mayor Jenny Durkan promises to get 500 people off the streets in the next 90 days . The clock is already ticking as The Bills , Norwegian 's largest ship on the west coast , draws even more attention to the city .
“ Through leadership and accountability I think we can get there , ” said Norwalk .
And as more tourists head to Seattle this summer season…
“ They { homeless people } want to be around people . So I feel like they 're coming closer , ” said Murray .
PRESS RELEASE : From February 28 to March 2 , ASEANnale 2018 will bring together academics , experts , filmmakers , multimedia artists , and scholars , who will celebrate the unique ASEAN perspectives and narratives
Published 9:14 PM , February 02 , 2018
This is a press release from the ASEANnale organizing team
MANILA , Philippines – The ASEANnale 2018 with the theme “ Capturing the Spirit of ASEAN in the Digital Times , ” brings together ASEAN academics , experts , filmmakers , multimedia artists , and scholars , who will celebrate the unique ASEAN perspectives and narratives during the 1st Film and Multimedia Competition and Exhibition , the 2nd International Symposium on ASEAN Studies , and the ASEANnale Distinguished Award for Higher Education on February 28 to March 2 , 2018 at the University of the Philippines in Diliman , Quezon City .
“ ASEANnale 2018 is a festival of ideas in multi-modal and multi-textual spaces , ” exclaims Dr. Grace J. Alfonso , ASEANnale 2018 Organizing Committee Chair . ASEANnale 2018 is envisioned to be the space for the sharing of voices , collaboration and networking of ASEAN higher education students and faculty . It will encourage cultural and academic dialogue grounded on the concept of students and faculty as co-creators of knowledge and works .
The three-day conference will showcase select creative and research works of Higher Education Students and Faculty from the 10 ASEAN countries to promote the community of scholars on ASEAN through Film and Multimedia , Poster Exhibition , Paper Presentation , and International Symposium on three sub-themes shared and addressed by numerous parties in the region : Diaspora , Disasters , and Democracy .
Deadline for submission of entries for the 1st Film and Multimedia Competition and Exhibition , abstracts to the 2nd International Symposium on ASEAN Studies , and nominations to the ASEANnale Distinguished Award for Higher Education has been extended to February 9 , 2018 ( Friday ) at 5pm Manila Time .
# ASEANnale2018 is a project of the Commission on Higher Education ( CHED ) , the University of the Philippines Open University , U.P . Diliman Asian Center , the College of Mass Communication U.P . Diliman , TVUP , University of the Philippines System in collaboration with the U.P . Open University Foundation Inc. , and the Philippines Communication Society ( PCS ) .
For more info and downloadable forms , visit aseannale.upou.edu.ph or fb.com/aseannale2018 . – Rappler.com
KNOXVILLE , Tenn. ( WATE ) – Saturdays in the fall are precious , but this one has special value because it 's a bye week for the Vols .
No UT home game means guests do n't have to choose between coming to your event or watching the game . The Pavilion at Hunter Valley Farms was preparing Friday afternoon for a wedding on Saturday . It 's one of 16 events they 're working on this week alone .
Bye week is n't the only reason this weekend is so popular . Traditionally , October is one of the drier months of the year . The leaves are just starting to change . At venues like Hunter Valley Farms , sitting on the water surrounded by trees can be very picturesque .
The team at Hunter Valley is n't just preparing for Saturday 's wedding , but also seven others off site , and that 's just this weekend . President and CEO Nancy Barger says when people call to book on the bye week , she already knows why .
“ When you have a home game at UT , finding a hotel for your guests is virtually impossible . If it is possible , they are going to be paying triple to quadruple what they would normally pay for a hotel room . That alone , and getting Ubers and car services , and then trying to get people theoretically to come to the wedding . If they do come , you do n't want them sitting on their phones under the table , ” Barger said .
Barger says next year 's bye week falls on October 6 . She says they 're already nearly booked full for the week .
The Trump administration has begun the process of rolling back tough fuel standards for America 's car and light truck fleet .
The Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department have opened the public comment period on the rewriting of standards for greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light trucks for model years 2022-2025 .
`` We are moving forward with an open and robust review of emissions standards , consistent with the timeframe provided in our regulations , '' EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said Friday . The 45-day period allows for the public to comment about regulations before proposed changes .
Corporate Average Fuel Economy rules were first put into place after the OPEC oil crisis in the 1970s . During the Obama administration , the CAFE rules were toughened in the wake of the financial crisis and the car company bankruptcies . The new standards called for an increased reliance on electric vehicles .
Low gas prices and sluggish sales of alternative fuel vehicles have made meeting those standards tough , especially for those companies more reliant on larger vehicles . Earlier this year , the EPA announced it would reconsider a decision late in the Obama administration to make the rules permanent .
The auto industry has hailed the decision to reopen the fuel standards . With the announcement , Mitch Bainwol , president and CEO of the Auto Alliance , a group of auto manufacturers , says , `` the Administration is fulfilling its commitment to reinstate the midterm evaluation of future vehicle fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards . ''
Environmental and consumer advocacy groups decried the move . `` By reopening the midterm evaluation , EPA is bringing back questions that have already been asked and answered , '' said Consumers Union , the policy arm of Consumer Reports .
Shannon Baker-Branstetter with Consumer 's Union says her organization 's studies show people want to save money on gas . According to a recent survey , 90 percent of Americans want automakers to raise fuel efficiency . Baker-Branstetter says adds `` In fact , consumers are especially concerned about the fuel efficiency of the crossovers and SUVs they 've been gravitating toward in recent years . ''
`` What kind of changes may or may not be introduced is far from clear '' , says Stephanie Brinley , senior automotive analyst , IHS Markit . The agencies are expected to expand the data used to make the determination , specifically taking into consideration consumer behavior , she says .
The public comment period allows the car companies and others to lobby to keep or make changes .
`` Pressures from other government requirements and consumer interest in reducing fuel emissions are expected to continue to be aggressive , '' Brinley says .
Even if the U.S. scales back , she says , the movement toward higher standards will likely continue in other countries . Already this year , several countries said they would ban the sale of gasoline vehicles altogether within decades . Many analysts believe that rolling back fuel standards could jeopardize the near term future for electric vehicles .
Tuesday on Birmingham , AL Talk 99.5 radio 's “ Matt & Aunie Show , ” Rep. Mo Brooks ( R-AL ) was asked to react to allegations of wrongdoing by Dr. Ronnie Jackson , President Donald Trump 's nominee to fill the secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs opening .
Brooks suggested there was a strategy employed by Senate Democrats that involved obstructing Trump 's nominees that required confirmation by the U.S. Senate . If Democrats can delay , he argued , then they can avoid votes on conservative policies , which could be problematic for some Democrats in an election year .
“ I 'm on the House side , so I do n't have any vote on these confirmations , ” Brooks said . “ I mentioned Jim Bridenstein because I know him personally . I know Mike Pompeo personally . But I am able to observe what is going on in the Senate and it has become quite clear that the Democrats are trying to manufacture controversies in order to be obstructionists . And there 's a political strategy behind it . The more obstructionist they can be in the United States Senate , the more they can drag out this confirmation process — the fewer votes the United States Senate can have on public policy issues . ”
“ And right now the Democrats do n't want votes on the Senate floor on public policy issues because those votes are apt to be ones the senators do n't want to take , ” he continued . “ It may put them at risk in the next election . And they 're on issues that are being advanced by conservatives in the House of Representatives or by conservatives in the White House . There 's a big picture strategy . ”
Brooks went on to question the timing of the revelations involving Jackson , which he noted did not come out while Jackson was serving for Trump 's predecessors , Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush .
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @ jeff_poor
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed 's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns : http : //tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl ( Recasts throughout after Fed statement , updates prices ; adds comment , second byline , NEW YORK dateline ) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON , June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting , and
LOS ANGELES — Digging in its claws , Black Panther has clung to its box-office lead for a fifth straight weekend , taking in an estimated $ 27 million in North American theaters while fending off two new films , website Exhibitor Relations said Sunday .
The Disney/Marvel superhero film has now earned a domestic total of just over $ 600 million while becoming the first film since Avatar in 2009 to hold the top spot for five straight weekends .
Black Panther , starring Chadwick Boseman as the superhero king of a utopian African country , has almost single-handedly kept the year 's box-office total slightly above the same period last year . It is only days away from overtaking another Marvel film , The Avengers , as the all-time top-grossing superhero film in North America , Variety reported .
Black Panther has become only the seventh title to pass the $ 600-million milestone at the North American box office , and is the second-fastest film to do so . It 's the fourth-highest fifth weekend of all time , and the first time a film has held the top spot for five weekends in a row since 2009 's Avatar .
Black Panther has totaled a stunning $ 605.4 million in 31 days . It 's poised to pass Star Wars : The Last Jedi ( $ 619.8 million ) for sixth place and The Avengers ( $ 623.4 million ) for fifth place on the all-time domestic list by the end of next weekend . And it 's likely to eventually pass Jurassic World at $ 652.3 million for fourth place and Titanic at $ 659 million for third place . Star Wars : The Force Awakens tops the list at $ 936 million followed by Avatar at $ 760 million .
It easily fended off a challenge from Warner Bros. ' newly released Tomb Raider , an adventure reboot starring Swedish actress Alicia Vikander as the fearless and ferocious Lara Croft . The movie , also starring Dominic West and Kristin Scott Thomas , netted $ 23.5 million for the three-day weekend .
In something of a surprise , third place went to a low-budget , faith-based drama , I Can Only Imagine , which took in $ 17.1 million — the biggest net ever for a film from Roadside Attractions .
Made for a modest $ 7 million , the movie stars J. Michael Finley as the lead singer of a popular Christian band . Dennis Quaid and Cloris Leachman also star .
In fourth , down two spots from last week , was Disney 's science fantasy adventure A Wrinkle in Time , at $ 16.6 million , a 50 % drop from last weekend . Wrinkle , the story of a girl 's search through time and space for a missing father , stars Storm Reid , Oprah Winfrey , Reese Witherspoon , and Chris Pine .
And in fifth place was new Fox release Love , Simon , at $ 11.5 million . The film stars Nick Robinson in what would be a classic love story — except that it is said to be the first romantic comedy from a mainstream studio to be told from a gay teen 's perspective .
Rounding out the top 10 were : Game Night ( $ 5.6 million ) ; Peter Rabbit ( $ 5.2 million ) ; Strangers : Prey at Night ( $ 4.8 million ) ; Red Sparrow ( $ 4.5 million ) ; and , Death Wish ( $ 3.4 million ) . — AFP/Reuters
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The Times of Israel report : Palestinian official said Sunday that the much-touted first meeting between Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and US President Donald Trump will take place on May 3 in the White House .
Senior Fatah official Azzam al-Ahmad also told the Jordanian newspaper Al Ghad that a Palestinian delegation will head to Washington on April 23 for preliminary meetings with the administration . There was no immediate confirmation of the date from the White House or the Palestinian Authority .
“ President Abbas will go to discuss the vital political and economic issue , with an emphasis on confirming the two-state solution , completely ending settlement construction and the occupation , and establishing a Palestinian state on the 1967 borders , with occupied Jerusalem as its capital , ” al-Ahmad said .
Read more here .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Wells Fargo 's overdraft income surges ahead of rivals
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. -- The story of a Richmond Police detective is told on a wall just feet from where she fights for children , painted by a local artist whose work celebrates the many stories of women .
Lindsey Gary-Ford nominated her wife Detective Mary Gary-Ford , who works in internet crimes against children , to be considered for the “ Girls , Girls , Girls Mural Tour , '' started by VCU graduate Emily Herr .
“ The Girls , Girls , Girls Mural Tour is a project I started around this time last year , ” Herr said . “ It 's an ongoing mural series depicting local women in the cities where they live on walls of monumental size in order to celebrate and have positive imagery of real women . ”
Lindsey submitted pictures she took of her wife and their two daughters along with this email to Herr :
I 'm writing as a surprise to my wife . I would love to see her painted . She is the most amazing woman in my life . We have been together 13 years and have a 9 and 6 year old . She is a detective for the City of Richmond and is amazing at her professional job as well as mothering our two girls . She fights everyday to bust pedophiles and recently became part of an FBI Task force targeting online predators . In 2015 we were finally allowed to marry and it was the best day of my life ( other than the births of our babies . ) She is my everyday superwoman . I do n't know what kind of photo you are looking for so I am just including a glimpse of our lives and I would be so honored if you chose one . I love your work and was an artist before my transition into mommy ( now my kids are the artists . ) Thank you for taking the time to read this .
Sincerely ,
Lindsey
“ Having to go to work everyday and do that and come home and kind of put that aside and be a caretaker and mother and embrace her own kids it 's just a really complex thing to do , ” said Mary 's wife , Lindsey .
Herr was so moved by the story , and a picture of Mary with her six-year-old daughter , that she wanted to recreate that image as a mural on the back of the Quirk Hotel .
“ Mary 's mural is about the contrast between her work and her home life and the outside world compared to the reality of how your interior world is for yourself , ” said Herr . “ It 's intended to show the contrast between work and home , interior and exterior worlds , and motherly love . ”
“ I was so honored and it was just so sweet and I was excited that she [ Lindsey ] would even think about doing that , ” said Mary .
The mural is set underneath a spotlight and shows Mary with her arms wrapped around her daughter . The parents hope every time their children walk past Mary 's office they will be reminded of their family bond .
“ They will grow up , unfortunately , and we want them to know no matter where they go and what they do they are bonded with us , ” Mary said though tears .
“ It really defines a moment of intimacy and a really delicate moment between Mary and our youngest daughter and to me that 's such a juxtaposition to what she does for a living , ” said Lindsey .
“ The series is intended to celebrate real women , and call attention to how the complexity of our lives defy stereotypes and objectification , '' said Herr .
In a city where many men are recognized for the art and murals , Herr 's work adds a feminine depth to the great collection .
Herr points out that her pink mural is a really good point of contrast to the nearby 12-feet tall steel sculpture of a large policeman head called `` Thin Blue Line . '' The public arts project juts from the side of the police headquarters ; it 's strong face out onto the street .
`` It feels pretty overbearing , pretty masculine , '' Herr said . `` And so I thought that right next door , to have something that represented a different side of the police would be a very interesting contrast and a very perfect place to use this image that I had been hoping to find a place for anyway . ''
The mural of Mary is fifteenth mural in the series , and the tenth mural in Richmond . Herr has traveled as far as Vermont to paint as part of the Girls tour .
She has three more murals planned around the Richmond Metro , including one at Jade Multicultural Salon , one on a home in Carver , and one at Six Points Innovation Center .
Herr 's ultimate goal is a series that incorporates collaborations with a variety of artists , locations , and subjects that spreads around the country .
Here is how you can learn more and support the project .
​If we are to believe in the future that science fiction has laid out for us , then we are fated to a hell world of cities packed with signs shouting at us that `` a new life awaits you in the off-world colonies . ''
Thankfully , most noise codes established by local municipalities will spare us from this bleak future , but one artist on YouTube , Mike Harro , has envisioned what those visually loud LED signs adorning store fronts and taco stands should sound like .
Today , a video of his popped up on the very excellent video subreddit Youtubehaiku , imagining what a taco stand might sound like in this supposed cyberpunk aural dystopia :
Poppping into the artist 's own YouTube channel we find a score of these videos — every one of them an excellent execution of a simple concept . And all with criminally low view counts .
Take , for example , this imagining of a check-cashing sign , which captures the menacing nature of these types of businesses while also hinting at the larger , much more menacing machine of capitalism driving its existence . In other words , it sounds like a laser gun trying to transform into an ATM machine :
Consider Harro 's interpretation of this liquor sign — how he captures the cheap highs of alcohol and gambling with the deep-seated regret and slow-burning hangover they inevitably leave behind . Harro 's reimagining lays bare the weirdness of a liquor store thanking its patrons for their support .
There are a few more on Harro 's channel — signs for storage , dispensary and a hair salon — which are all worth checking out . You can find Harro 's other work audiovisual at his personal website , where his blurb notes he 's `` on a mission to make an ally of cybermodernity . ''
Aug 13 ( Gracenote ) - Standings from the Motorcycling Grand Prix Moto3 on Sunday 1 . Joan Mir ( Spain ) Honda 215 2 . Romano Fenati ( Italy ) Honda 151 3 . Aron Canet ( Spain ) Honda 137 4 . Jorge Martin ( Spain ) Honda 105 5 . Fabio Di Giannantonio ( Italy ) Honda 95 6 . John McPhee ( Britain ) Honda 93 7 . Marcos Ramirez ( Spain ) KTM 92 8 . Andrea Migno ( Italy ) KTM 83 9 . Juanfran Guevara ( Spain ) KTM 71 10 . Enea Bastianini ( Italy ) Honda 65 11 . Philipp OEttl ( Germany ) KTM 64 12 . Nicolo Bulega ( Italy ) KTM 59 13 . Bo Bendsneyder ( Netherlands ) KTM 38 14 . Tatsuki Suzuki ( Japan ) Honda 38 15 . Livio Loi ( Belgium ) Honda 37
https : //www.thehour.com/news/crime/article/Ecuador-judge-orders-ex-President-Rafael-Correa-13047732.php
Ecuador judge orders ex-President Rafael Correa jailed for failing to appear in court as part of kidnapping probe
The presidential aide , who had shunned the spotlight and hated being quoted by press , has been giving media interviews and even honored a speaking engagement
Published 9:00 AM , March 20 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – The President 's silent but ever-present assistant . The man behind the scenes , never front and center . The doer , not the talker .
Just a few months ago , this was how the country still saw Special Assistant to the President Bong Go . ( READ : The man they call Bong Go )
Today , Go , it seems , is poking his head out of his shell . Filipinos are more and more seeing a different side of him – a Go who could rival any politician in smooth talk and sound bites , who gives frequent media interviews , and gets powerful people to speak words of praise for him .
The new Bong Go emerges from a cloud of rumors , actively encouraged by the administration , of his supposed senatorial bid .
This Bong Go has given two radio interviews in the span of 4 days , a far cry from the man who was allergic to being quoted and who shunned media interviews like they were the plague .
The old Bong Go , who rarely went anywhere in public without the President , had a speaking engagement with the military on Monday , March 19 , where he was the guest of honor .
The same Bong Go , who had once been content with selfies with famous people , now has his own set of official Malacañang photos .
Media interviews
Both radio interviews Go give recently focused on the supposedly massive support for his Senate bid and his work as Duterte 's closest aide .
For example , in his interview with state-run PTV on Saturday , March 17 , Go suavely dispelled talk that he is seeking a Senate seat .
“ Masyado pang maaga pag-usapan iyong pulitika . Sa ngayon trabaho po muna ako kay Mayor Rody , sa ating Pangulo , saka may trabaho pa po ako sa sambayanang Pilipino , ” he said . ( It 's too early to talk about politics . For now , I will just work for Mayor Rody , our president , and the Filipino nation . )
Host Erwin Tulfo even commented on how the Senate hearing showed the public how `` fluent '' the presidential aide really is .
This prompted Go to share his “ secret . ”
“ Sa totoo lang , galing sa puso iyon . Basta nasa sa 'yo ang katotohanan , at from the heart , nasa puso – iyon ang totoo , iyon ang sikreto doon , ” he told Tulfo and his listeners .
( Truth be told , that was from the heart . As long as you are speaking the truth and from the heart – that 's the truth , that 's the secret there . )
His second interview , on Monday , March 19 , showcased his office 's swift action on calls for help from individuals with a variety of health concerns .
Malacañang photos show how Go even brought one of them , Teresita Tendenilla , to the Philippine General Hospital so she could get treatment for the cyst above her eye .
DZRH got their regional correspondents to look for persons badly in need of assistance for them to tell Go , on air , what they need from the Office of the President .
Go responded with promises to help .
He told one caller with asthma : “ Tutulong po kami . Unang-una , bago ko makalimutan , kailangan niyo siguro ng nebulizer . Ito yung araw-araw na kung mahirapan tayong huminga . Kung wala po kayo niyan eh magpro-provide po kami kaagad . ”
( We will help . First , before I forget , you need a nebulizer . This is what you use if you have a hard time breathing . If you do n't have one , we will provide you one right away . )
But at least one caller was n't there to ask for a favor . A lady who said she had breast cancer spoke to praise Go for the “ fast ” response of his office to her plea .
Asked by the anchor for her message to Go , she said : `` Nagpapasalamat po ako sa inyo , sa kay Presidente Duterte , sa lahat ng tumutulong sa amin…Sana marami pa kayo matulungan . ''
( I am grateful to you , to President Duterte , to all those helping us…I hope you are able to help more people . )
A few hours later , Go served as guest of honor and speaker at the Philippine Army 's launch of a book about the Marawi crisis .
Go , who is more often found sitting onstage as Duterte addresses an audience , got his turn at the podium .
Before the day was over , Malacañang 's photography division had sent the media official photos of the event .
In the making
While most people trace the start of talk about Go 's Senate bid to President Rodrigo Duterte 's speech on February 6 , Go had already been asked about plans to run for senator as early as January .
This was two weeks after his staff circulated photos of him jetskiing around Davao City to rescue residents trapped in their flooded homes during Tropical Storm Vinta .
There had been lighthearted talk in Malacañang that those photos were being spread to burnish Go 's image for a Senate run .
When Rappler asked Go about it , he vehemently denied such plans , even asking that nothing be written about it .
A few weeks later , the Philippine Daily Inquirer and Rappler published stories about Go 's alleged intervention in the Navy 's frigates project , putting him under the national spotlight .
Eager to clear his name , Go practically volunteered to join any congressional hearing on the controversy . True enough , in a week 's time , the Senate announced it would conduct such a hearing .
On the day of the hearing , Go came in with guns blazing , even mustering a sizable crowd to gather outside the Senate 's gates to cheer him on .
The hearing went smoothly for Go , with key personalities in the Navy frigates deal insisting on his version of events and many senators taking his side .
All-out support
While Go himself has not confirmed he will run for senator , there are loud indications of the all-out support he will enjoy if he does .
Loudest of all is Duterte himself floating the idea in public in his February 6 speech when he said the then-upcoming frigates Senate hearing could be to Go 's advantage .
“ That is your golden opportunity para ma-senador ka ( to become senator ) . ” Gusto atang tumakbo ng senador , sige ( I think he wants to run for senator , then okay ) , ” said Duterte .
Cabinet officials quickly chimed in with Presidential Communications Secretary Martin Andanar even brainstorming a possible campaign slogan ( “ Gorabels 2019 ” ) and campaign jingle ( “ Wake me up , before you go , go… ” ) .
Agriculture Secretary Manny Piñol , on Facebook , described Go as the ideal “ bridge between Senate and Palace ” and made a fearless forecast that the presidential aide would make it among the top 5 most winnable candidates .
Then on March 14 , an event was held in Intramuros dubbed “ Ready Set Go 2019 ” and described by an official press release as “ the launch pad for his ( Go 's ) senatorial run . ”
In attendance were Cabinet members like Foreign Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano , Trade Secretary Ramon Lopez , National Security Adviser Hermogenes Esperon Jr , Labor Secretary Silvestre Bello III , and congressmen Jericho Nograles , Luis Raymund Villafuerte , and Ancieto Bertiz .
Also among the crowd were celebrities like Philip Salvador and Jimmy Bondoc , faces that had been around during Duterte 's presidential campaign .
In fact , if not for the posters screaming Go 's name , the event could have easily passed for Duterte 's old campaign sorties .
A Ready Get Set Go email address had sent media a press release about the event , entitled “ Duterte wants to Go to run for senator , ” complete with official photo .
The future seems rife with possibilities for Bong Go . If these past weeks have shown us anything about him , it 's that Go , like his principal , is full of surprises . – Rappler.com
Top photo : MEDIA SAVVY . Special Assistant to the President Bong Go is guest at a radio show on March 19 , 2018 . Malacañang photo
Local News > Archive > October 2017 > 6
< < `` Putting on a show '' -
Sunday in the Park slated
By News-Argus Staff
Published in News on October 6 , 2017 5:50 AM
Sunday in the Park will take place Sunday at Herman Park .
The event , co-sponsored by the Arts Council of Wayne County and the Parks and Recreation Department , will be held from 1 to 5 p.m .
On hand will be craft vendors .
Entertainment will be by groups such as MORS Youth , Artistic Production 's Dance for Christ and the Starlight Dance Band . There will be vocal performances by Matt and Emily Figueras and Jeremy Lane .
A special guest performer will be Memory Hoops , who will show some of her spectacular hoop twirling .
Visitors are encouraged to take lawn chairs and blankets .
The event is free .
Pets are welcome , but must be on a leash .
For more information , call 919-736-3300 .
By Scott T. Sterling
Sam Smith has announced that his new album The Thrill Of It All will be released on November 3 .
The announcement was coupled with the release of a new single , “ Pray. ” The song is mid-paced and emotive , matching Smith 's powerful vocals with piano and a sparse beat , and gradually blossoming with a background choir , strings and guitar . “ Pray ” was produced by Timbaland .
The singer also announced a large run of North American tour dates for 2018 .
Related : Sam Smith Shares Emotional ‘ Too Good at Goodbyes ' Video
Smith recently sat with Radio.com to discuss the new album .
“ It 's a diary , but not just about me , the singer said . “ It 's my thoughts and feelings on my family , fame , the world , all these different things . It 's still a diary just attacked it from a different angle . ”
Sam also opened up about the role his family played in the making of his sophomore effort .
“ My family have been a part of every single moment of this record , I live with my sister so every time I come back from the studio , I play her everything I 've made , ” he said . “ I sat with my mom and dad this time a lot and actually my mom throws amazing dinner parties and I would go over their house and we 'd all crack open a bottle of wine and we 'd sit round the table and I 'd play them stuff . They 're actually really honest with me and when they 're not feeling something they 'll let me know , and I 'll disagree with them . ”
“ My dad hated , “ Stay with Me ” I remember when I played it for him he absolutely hated it , so they 're very honest , ” he continued .
“ Some of my family 's stories have made it into the album so , which , it 's an amazing thing . The relationships my family have been in have inspired songs so it 's also their diary now as well . ”
Sam Smith is set to perform at this year 's We Can Survive concert , set for Oct. 21 at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles . Smith will appear alongside Alessia Cara , Harry Styles , Kesha , Khalid , Lorde , Macklemore , P ! nk and Sam Hunt .
Check out “ Pray ” and the full tracklisting for The Thrill Of It All below .
The Thrill Of It All – Standard Track Listing
Too Good At Goodbyes
Say It First
One Last Song
Midnight Train
Burning
Him
Baby , You Make Me Crazy
No Peace ( feat . YEBBA )
Palace
Pray
U.S. Deluxe Edition also includes :
Nothing Left For You
The Thrill Of It All
Scars
One Day At A Time
The Thrill Of It All Tour – 2018 North American Dates
6/18 – Toronto , ON @ Air Canada Centre
6/19 – Montreal , QC @ Bell Centre
6/22 – Detroit , MI Little @ Caesars Arena
6/23 – Columbus , OH @ Nationwide Arena
6/26 – Boston , MA @ TD Garden
6/27 – Brooklyn , @ NY Barclays Center
6/29 – New York , NY @ Madison Square Garden
7/3 – Washington , DC @ Capital One Arena
7/4 – Philadelphia , PA @ Wells Fargo Center
7/6 – Charlotte , NC @ Spectrum Center
7/7 – Nashville , TN @ Bridgestone Arena
7/10 – Duluth , GA @ Infinite Energy Center
7/11 – Orlando , FL @ Amway Center
7/13 – Tampa , FL @ Amalie Arena
7/14 – Miami , FL @ AmericanAirlines Arena
7/17 – New Orleans , LA @ Smoothie King Center
7/18 – Houston , TX @ Toyota Center
7/20 – Dallas , TX @ American Airlines Center
7/21 – Austin , TX @ Frank Erwin Center
7/25 – Monterrey , MEX @ Arena Monterrey
7/27 – Mexico City , MEX @ Palacio de los Deportes
8/14 – Saint Paul , MN @ Xcel Energy Center
8/15 – Chicago , IL @ United Center
8/17 – St. Louis , MO @ Chaifetz Arena
8/18 – Kansas City , MO @ Sprint Center
8/21 – Denver , CO @ Pepsi Center
8/22 – Salt Lake City , UT @ Vivint Smart Home Arena
8/24 – Sacramento , CA @ Golden 1 Center
8/28 – Los Angeles , CA @ STAPLES Center
8/29 – Los Angeles , CA @ STAPLES Center
8/31 – Glendale , AZ @ Gila River Arena
9/1 – San Diego , CA @ Valley View Casino Center
9/4 – Oakland , CA @ Oracle Arena
9/5 – San Jose , CA @ SAP Center
9/7 – Portland , OR @ Moda Center
9/8 – Seattle , WA @ KeyArena
9/10 – Vancouver , BC @ Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena
9/12 – Edmonton , AB @ Rogers Place
9/13 – Calgary , AB @ Scotiabank Saddledome
Putin says Russia 's key interest rate should not be changed too sharply
MOSCOW , June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday it was important that the central bank did not change Russia 's key interest rate too sharply .
LONG BEACH , Calif. — TJ Shorts II made a running 3-pointer with 1.9 seconds remaining in double overtime to lift UC Davis past Long Beach State 105-104 on Saturday night .
Deishuan Booker drove the paint and floated his jump shot off the glass to give Long Beach State a two-point lead with 6.9 seconds left . Following a time out , Shorts took the ball at midcourt and dribbled the floor before lifting his game-winning shot that hit nothing but net . Booker 's desperation 3-point shot was off at the buzzer .
Shorts finished with a career-high 31 points . Siler Schneider added 27 points for UC Davis ( 16-7 , 7-2 Big West ) , which entered the game tied with UC Santa Barbara atop the conference standings .
Gabe Levin scored a career-high and program-best 45 points for Long Beach State ( 12-14 , 6-4 ) . He was 10 of 20 from the field and 24-of-28 shooting from the line , and surpassed Ed Ratleff , who scored 43 points against Pacific in 1972 .
Indian markets posted their biggest weekly decline in 18 months as several worries dominated the street , beginning with the escalation of tensions between the United States and North Korea .
The Doklam standoff between India and China along with the crackdown on suspected shell companies by SEBI added to negative sentiments as earnings and macro numbers continued to disappoint .
The Nifty lost 3.5 percent during the week to close near 9,700 - wiping off almost all of its advances in July . The mid-cap and small-cap indices saw a sharper fall in excess of 5 percent with certain stocks falling more than 10 percent . All sectoral indices saw significant selling pressure , except for the Nifty IT index which remained resilient and was down 1 percent .
The rupee recorded its biggest weekly drop since November , but was limited to 64.20 against the dollar . The outlook for the rupee remains positive as a stabilising euro and yen could help the rupee retest recent lows of 63.50 against the dollar .
SEBI came down heavily on suspected shell companies , releasing names of 331 companies and notifying exchanges to keep these stocks in the Graded Surveillance Mechanism ( GSM ) . These companies may face compulsory delisting by exchanges , following a forensic audit to verify their credentials . It 's natural that investors would look at these stocks with suspicion .
Meanwhile , the mid-year survey of the Indian economy was released , covering topics ranging from an unprecedented decline in inflation figures , contracting service and manufacturing sectors , and the RBI being the only central bank across Asia to slash interest rates .
The survey cautioned that reaching the upper limit of projections for economic growth at 6.75 to 7.5 percent will be difficult and expects inflation to be well below the RBI 's target of 4 percent by March 2018 .
It said real policy interest rates are elevated and higher than in other emerging markets , and the fiscal outlook for the year is uncertain because of reduced revenue from slower-than-anticipated nominal growth , lower telecom spectrum receipts and increased expenditure of 300 billion rupees on account of the Seventh Pay Commission . It noted that NPAs in the banking space have grown on account of slow growth and increasing indebtedness seen in some sectors .
The RBI too paid a much lower dividend to the government , highlighting the after-effects of demonetisation . It warned of `` exuberance '' in the financial markets , pointing out that the P/E ratio of Indian stocks is `` substantially greater than the long-run average of 18 and not far from the frothy level reached in 2007 '' .
Markets on Monday are expected to initially react to June IIP data released on Friday evening . The IIP slipped into negative territory to a four-year low , contracting 0.1 percent year-on-year . This is in comparison to a revised 2.8 percent growth for May . The output contracted as companies cut stock and put fresh orders on hold ahead of the Goods and Services Tax ( GST ) rollout .
The next set of corporate results to be announced include Coal India , Grasim , Tata Power , IDBI , Dish TV and are expected to keep the markets busy in a truncated week . On the macro data front , WPI and CPI inflation for July will be announced on Monday .
Telecom will be in focus as the inter-ministerial group 's meeting is likely next week and the report will be finalised by the end of August . However , players hoping for some measures to deal with high debt could be left disappointed as there is lack of consensus within the group that policy action is required .
On the global front , Monday will see the release of Japan GDP and China IIP data followed by U.S. retail sales data for July on Tuesday . The FOMC will issue minutes of its July 26 meeting on Wednesday . U.S. data on housing starts and the euro zone GDP will also be declared on the same day .
The Indian markets are currently seeing a classic case of a P/E expansion phase in the market where there is hardly any earnings growth over the past four years , but they have been touching new highs based on hope . At times , external factors provide the reality check and this came in terms of geo-political issues to a large extent and our macro numbers and SEBI action on “ shell companies ” to a smaller extent as markets tend to react to immediate environmental changes .
Although the current correction is in line with my expectations , we could see a deeper correction if any of the geo-political worries play out . On the other hand , the upside remains capped due to uncertainties . We are likely to witness heightened volatility and a flight to safety in the near term .
Our Lady of Kazan . Photo credit : Oleh Dubyna Shutterstock CNA
Rome , Italy , Aug 12 , 2017 CNA/EWTN News.- One hundred years ago , at the height of a cultural about-face in Russia , Mary appeared to three shepherd children in Portugal , predicting and encouraging prayer for Russia 's conversion .
Years later , a well-known and beloved Russian Orthodox icon known as Our Lady of Kazan , commonly referred to as “ the protection of Russia , ” would become tied to the site of the Fatima apparitions , where Mary predicted that “ the Holy Father will consecrate Russia to me , and she shall be converted , and a period of peace will be granted to the world . ”
Looking back into Russia 's history , it 's clear that that the Virgin Mary has had a very strong cultural influence in the country – from its religion to its art and architecture .
In fact , before the revolutions of 1917 which overthrew the Russian Empire and led to the establishment of the Soviet Union , Russia was colloquially known as the “ house of Mary , ” since there were more shrines and churches dedicated to Our Lady than in any other country at the time .
According to veteran Vatican analyst Robert Moynihan , who has an extensive knowledge of Russian culture , the majority of Russian icons depict Mary with the child Jesus .
An icon , he explained , “ is a sacramental , as it were , which allows the reality of the person depicted to be perceived in prayer and in meditation . ”
( ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon , see cpurl : //apps.cp./cms/ ? pageId=livemarkets )
* FTSE 100 edges up 0.1 pct
* BHP gains after hedge fund proposal
* Though precious metals miners drop
By Kit Rees
LONDON , April 10 London-listed shares edged higher on Monday as a rise in BHP Billiton led gains among miners , although gold-linked resource stocks fell .
The blue chip FTSE 100 index was up 0.1 percent at 7,354.02 points by 0859 GMT , keeping in step with a broadly flat European market .
Gains among base metal miners provided support , as shares in BHP Billiton jumped 5 percent after hedge fund Elliott Advisors sent a letter to the miner proposing a plan to unlock shareholder value .
The hedge fund 's plan involved scrapping the miner 's London Stock Exchange listing , demerging its U.S. oil arm and revising its capital return policy .
`` Being based in Australia , you 've got a lot of resources in the country itself , you 've got access to Asia which is a great consumer of those kinds of resources , but then the capital , historically , has always come from London - so that 's essentially why you 've got two listings , '' said Ken Odeluga , market analyst at City Index .
`` I do n't really see how much value would be unlocked by such a drastic action so quickly . ''
Fellow miners Rio Tinto and Anglo American also gained around 1.4 percent .
Precious metals miners Randgold Resources and Fresnillo were among the biggest fallers , however , down 1.4 percent and 1.6 percent respectively as the price of gold inched lower , hampered by a stronger dollar . Mid cap Centamin also fell 3.8 percent .
Shares in Barclays reversed earlier losses to trade 0.4 percent higher after the bank said that British regulators were investigating its Chief Executive Jes Staley and the bank itself over the handling of a whistleblowing incident .
The investigation by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority relates to an attempt by Staley last year to identify the author of a letter that was treated by Barclays as a whistleblowing incident , Barclays said in a statement .
`` While Mr Staley 's reputation has undoubtedly taken a serious knock , we believe that it remains in the best interests of shareholders to keep him in the post of CEO and hence we recommend that they follow the board 's direction and vote in favour of his reappointment at the AGM in May , '' Gary Greenwood , analyst at Shore Capital Markets , said in a note .
Outside of the blue chips , shares in UK Real Estate Investment Trust Shaftesbury rose 4.6 percent on a media report of a Hong Kong-based billionaire eyeing a bid for the company .
( Reporting by Kit Rees )
× King County Council to discuss changes to juvenile detention , education funding
SEATTLE – Education and juvenile detention are expected to take the spotlight Monday as King County council members make decisions that could bring changes to some children and young adults .
The Metropolitan King County Council is expected to decide if it will start work on a 15-year plan for spending millions of dollars in education funding . The council also plans to take action on legislation regarding juvenile detention .
According to our news partner The Seattle Times , the council will vote on some of its priorities for education funding distribution . Investments could go toward early learning , K-12 education for low-income and underserved students , as well as college and career training programs .
King County 's roughly $ 318 million is part of a more than $ 500 million sum that was distributed to King , Pierce and Snohomish counties .
If the council votes to create a plan , one must be established by Sept. 1 , 2018 . Money would then start being dispersed in 2019 .
An ordinance on Monday 's agenda for discussion would create requirements in King County for the treatment and services provided to children in juvenile detention . The ordinance would also bar kids from being placed in solitary confinement except in situations when it 's necessary for safety or security .
Late November , King County Executive Dow Constantine announced plans to take a new approach for the structure of juvenile detention . Constantine announced that county departments , under the direction of ‘ Public Health – Seattle & King County , ' must come up with a plan to overhaul juvenile detention services .
“ By adopting a public health approach , we limit the [ trauma ] of youth in detention , and ensure families have access to supports and services in the community , ” Constantine said . “ Our Juvenile Detention Officers have embraced restorative justice , and they understand the challenges of adolescence . This Executive Order directs a comprehensive process with input from our officers and others to make a successful transition to Public Health , so that we can fully take advantage of all available resources and strategies to make a difference in the lives of our young people . ”
A brand new King County 's Children and Family Justice Center is currently under construction in Seattle — with a goal in mind of “ zero youth detention . ”
“ King County is replacing its aged , institutional-style juvenile detention facility with one focused on restorative spaces , supportive services and integration of volunteer community programs , ” according to the county 's website . “ The future facility will cut the number of juvenile detention beds in half and is flexibly designed to convert into an even smaller juvenile detention facility . ”
The center is projected to open by 2020 .
The two artists , whose last albums each brought Grammy glory , play back-to-back sets to close the first weekend of the premier music festival
INDIO , USA – Kendrick Lamar introduced a kung fu alter ego and Lorde dramatized the awkwardness of dance clubs as the stars presented new music Sunday at the Coachella festival .
The two artists , whose last albums each brought Grammy glory , played back-to-back sets to close the first weekend of the premier music festival in the desert of southern California .
Lamar has been hailed as an artistic voice of the Black Lives Matter movement but the rapper made an unexpected pivot into the supernatural at Coachella , entering with a fireball as the audience was invited to discover `` the legend of Kung Fu Kenny . ''
The character figures in the lyricism on Lamar 's latest album , DAMN. , which came out Friday , April 14 . The Coachella crowd learned more about Kung Fu Kenny through a film interspersed in the set showing Lamar as an action hero descended from the mountains .
Lamar delved further into exoticized Asian imagery at his show where he danced across a nimble , sword-wielding ninja and the Chinese characters for `` the end '' flashed on overhead screens .
Kung Fu Kenny by the end of the film is said to be searching for a glowing elixir . A grinning Lamar emerges from between a woman 's legs – as his kung fu odyssey culminated , apparently , in cunnilingus .
Lamar joins a tradition of African American identification with Asian martial arts . The rapper has cited the influence of the Wu-Tang Clan and his film takes on a 1970s `` blaxploitation '' feel .
Whatever his kung fu aspirations , Lamar has n't given up the political . He opened both his set and album with a snippet from conservative-leaning Fox News criticizing `` Alright , '' his song of resilience in the face of police brutality .
`` XXX. , '' a song off the new album featuring the guitar rock of U2 , laments street violence that has claimed too many African American lives yet it also takes to task the political system .
`` America , god bless you if it 's good to you / America , please take my hand , '' Lamar raps in the song , which he debuted live at Coachella .
Lamar closed his set melodiously , if anti-climactically , with his new ballad `` LOVE . ''
DAMN . : @ gregnoire , @ _josenegrete A post shared by Coachella ( @ coachella ) on Apr 17 , 2017 at 12:57am PDT
Lorde shows night out
Lorde , who had not performed for more than two years other than at a small pre-Coachella show in a nearby town , returned with a captivating piece of musical theater – centered around a testing night on the town .
After taking the stage to Kate Bush 's `` Running Up That Hill , '' the 20-year-old New Zealander stared stoically into space before breaking out into ecstatic dance .
COACHELLA ! A post shared by Lorde ( @ lordemusic ) on Apr 17 , 2017 at 8:34am PDT
Lorde became a breakaway sensation as a teenager with `` Royals '' – which she dutifully performed – and is coming out with her second album , `` Melodrama , '' in June .
Lorde premiered at Coachella another song off `` Melodrama '' – `` Homemade Dynamite , '' a track that is bouncy but shares the minimalism of `` Royals '' rather than the elaborate dance production off the new album 's first single , `` Green Light . ''
in the flesh : @ kevinmazur A post shared by Coachella ( @ coachella ) on Apr 16 , 2017 at 11:42pm PDT
The album is about `` all the ups and downs of being 20-something , and specifically all the ups and downs of an evening , '' Lorde told the crowd .
She brought the storyline to life through a tableau vivant of sorts – performers inside a foggy box that hovered above the stage .
At first the performers mingle amicably but the interaction soon becomes agitated . By the time Lorde enters the box , the troupe is piled up upon one another and later smashes up a room full of balloons .
little dreamer A post shared by Lorde ( @ lordemusic ) on Apr 17 , 2017 at 8:51am PDT
Special guest
Pulling in up to 250,000 people over back-to-back weekends with identical lineups , Coachella thrives on surprises – which appear quickly on social media and send fans scurrying across the grounds .
German film composer Hans Zimmer , one of the more unlikely Coachella acts , pulled in an open-air evening crowd with a piano recital of his scores to movies such as Pirates of the Caribbean and The Lion King .
He transitioned into Pharrell Williams ' hit `` Freedom '' which brought the star in himself for a cameo .
Other highlights Sunday included Future Islands , the indie synthpop band whose frontman Samuel T. Herring is a frequent festival draw with his inimitable voice that reaches into a metal-like growl and back .
Spanish indie rockers Hinds enjoyed a surprisingly large crowd with dozens of fans storming the stage in joy -- taking bassist Ade Martin at face value when she said that Spaniards believed in dancing at gigs . – Rappler.com
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
CTV Atlantic
The RCMP is asking for the public 's help in locating an elderly man reported missing from South Rawdon , N.S .
Martin McLearn was last seen at his home around noon Sunday and police are concerned for his safety .
Police say 89-year-old McLearn is hard of hearing , may walk with a slight limp , and was n't operating a vehicle .
McLearn is described as five-foot-six , 150 to 160 pounds , with white hair and blue eyes . He wears glasses and was last seen wearing rubber boats , dark workpants , and possibly a tan overcoat and cap .
Anyone with information on his whereabouts is asked to contact the RCMP .
President Donald Trump 's lawyer Rudy Giuliani spoke to reporters Wednesday , encouraging Special Counsel Robert Muller to wrap up the special investigation at the risk of affecting the midterm elections .
“ People should have an answer , even if they put together whatever the heck they have , interview or no interview . By September 1 the public should have an explanation of what Mueller has , ” Giuliani told Breitbart News . “ I really want that because I really do n't think he has much . ”
Giuliani made his impromptu comments to a few reporters as he attended an event promoting sports and fitness . He compared the Muller investigation to former FBI Director James Comey 's handling of the Hillary Clinton e-mail investigation , describing it as “ meddling ” in the election .
“ If he does n't file his report by September 1 , mid-September , he 's clearly going to pull a Comey , ” Giuliani said .
He denied that Trump was going to fire Mueller .
When asked if he thought Democrats wanted to see the investigation stretch out pasted the midterms , he agreed .
“ Damn right they do , ” he said . “ It might be a mistake . It may be the American people have concluded that impeachment is not proper . ”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
YANGON ( Reuters ) - Myanmar denied on Friday that there were mass graves in a village in troubled Rakhine state , where a military crackdown on insurgents has triggered the flight of nearly 690,000 minority Rohingya Muslims to neighbouring Bangladesh .
The Associated Press has reported it had confirmed the existence of more than five previously unreported mass graves in the village of Gu Dar Pyin , through interviews with survivors in refugee camps in Bangladesh and through time-stamped cellphone videos .
The Myanmar government 's Information Committee , part of the office of civilian leader Aung San Suu Kyi , said in a statement on its Facebook page that local authorities and security officials formed a “ ground team ” that investigated the report .
“ The ground team went to the locations that were mentioned in the AP news story as where the bodies were buried and found out that it is not true , ” the statement said .
“ Besides , they met with local elders and villagers and asked whether there were mass killings or not and the villagers told them that there were none . ”
The statement said , however , that 19 “ terrorists ” had been killed when they attacked security forces in the village in late August and that their bodies had been “ properly buried ” .
Two Rohingya residents , who were still in the village and spoke to Reuters by telephone , disputed the government 's statement and said that there were mass graves there . They said senior military officers visited the area on Friday , took photographs and held a meeting with the villagers .
The residents , who declined to be identified for fear of reprisal , were speaking by telephone to a Reuters reporter at the Balukhali refugee camp in Bangladesh . The reporter was put in touch with them by former residents who have fled Rakhine .
One resident said his father attended the meeting , where officers asked how many people had been killed in the violence , who burnt their houses and whether there were mass graves there .
“ The villagers were frightened and said they did n't know how many had died or who had burnt their houses but said , yes , there are mass graves here , ” the resident said .
Another resident of the village said three senior military officials arrived late in the morning , took pictures of a mass grave beside his house and then called a meeting at the school .
“ The senior officials are gone now but a large group of military men stayed behind and the villagers are scared , ” the resident said .
Suu Kyi 's spokesman referred requests for comment on the villagers ' description of events to the Rakhine state government . A spokesman from the state government was not immediately available . The military said it had no immediate comment .
The AP 's Director of Media Relations Lauren Easton said the agency stood by its reporting .
Reporters are not allowed access to the area , in the north of Rakhine state . The army launched a sweeping counteroffensive there in response to Rohingya militant attacks on Aug. 25 .
The United Nations has condemned the army 's campaign as ethnic cleansing . Myanmar denies that , saying its forces were carrying out legitimate counterinsurgency operations .
The military has acknowledged that Buddhist villagers and soldiers killed 10 people it described as captured Muslim terrorists and buried them in a grave in the village of Inn Din in early September . It has said action will be taken against those responsible .
On Feb. 5 , Lance McVay was soaring at 39,000 feet on a million dollar private jet with multiple bone fractures .
He spent the night before pinned in his car after he crashed into the woods of Douglas Island .
“ I do n't remember doing anything past crossing the bridge . They think it 's related to sleep apnea and narcolepsy , ” he said .
The next morning , emergency responders cut McVay free and took him to Bartlett Regional Hospital in Juneau .
“ I broke my hip with my femur . ( I ) broke two vertebrae , my rib , my eye socket and my wrist , ” McVay said .
He said the doctors scanned him and within an hour , they decided he needed to be treated in Seattle . The flight cost $ 135,000 .
If you 're in a car accident , have a heart attack or your baby is born prematurely , you may need to get a medical flight to another city . But a medevac out of Southeast Alaska can cost tens of thousands of dollars .
If you 're put in that position , how are you supposed to pay for it ?
Bartlett is a Level IV trauma center . That means if a patient with injuries like McVay 's is brought into the emergency department , they can evaluate them , diagnose them , stabilize them and get them ready to travel to another hospital .
Bartlett had 337 people flown out of Juneau last year .
Jared Sherman is the chief financial officer for LifeMed Alaska — the newest of three medevac operations in Juneau . They just opened shop in May .
“ When the aircraft takes off with a patient on board there 's a set fee and it 's called the liftoff fee , ” Sherman explained . “ The other fee is a variable fee … and it 's a set dollar amount per mile that the aircraft flies with the patient . ”
You add those numbers up to get the total price . The good news is nobody pays that , Sherman said .
First , if you have private insurance , he said to talk to your insurance company . They 'll send you a letter asking if you have other insurance benefits , like Medicare , that can share the flight cost .
“ So make sure you do n't ignore that piece of paper , ” Sherman warned . “ Complete it , call your insurance carrier , let them know you were transported , you needed to be transported and that Seattle or Anchorage was the closest appropriate facility . ”
The three companies that fly patients out of Southeast Alaska are LifeMed , Airlift Northwest and Guardian Flight . They offer household memberships they say will cut out-of-pocket costs .
LifeMed 's membership costs $ 49 per year . Airlift Northwest is $ 99 per year and Guardian Flight is $ 125 per year .
“ With the membership program , we have now taken all of those membership dollars and used that in lieu of your copay , ” Sherman explained . “ So you 're actually buying a gap coverage in the event that you 're medevaced . So in that case , you do n't ever see a bill . ”
Shelly Deering , the Alaska Regional Manager for Airlift Northwest , said her company 's membership program mostly benefits the patients .
“ The membership program is to provide a peace of mind for people and that 's why it 's provided . It is not a big source of revenue or income for us , ” Deering said . “ The majority of our revenue comes from the transport of patients and billing the insurance companies . ”
Deering said if you have Medicaid , you do n't need a membership . Medicaid will take care of the bill .
The catch with the memberships is that they only work for the company you buy them from . So , you have to make sure doctors know who you want to call if you need a medevac .
“ Probably the best thing is family members , ” Deering suggested . “ If a family member comes in , make sure they mention that as soon as they arrive . … You can have it in your wallet , with your ID , because invariably , if you 're unconscious , they 're going to be looking for that ID . So a sticker on the back might be beneficial . ”
Deering and Sherman said the companies have been talking about coordinating their services so each membership can work with all three carriers , but Deering said it 's complicated and right now , they do n't offer that .
If you do n't have insurance , Sherman and Deering said to call because they have a charity program and they will work with you to get your bill resolved . They said just like an emergency room , they wo n't turn anyone away because they do n't have insurance .
Lance McVay flew with Airlift Northwest and he did n't have a membership , but he and his wife are covered by two insurance policies through the state . His $ 135,000 flight was part of a $ 300,000 medical bill . His insurance providers decided he should pay $ 10,000 out of pocket .
Deering advises everyone to make sure their insurance covers medevacs . She estimates Airlift Northwest flies at least one patient out of Southeast every day .
One of two Learjets LifeMed Alaska keeps in Juneau outside the company 's local hangar on Monday , May 2 , 2017 . ( Photo by Quinton Chandler/KTOO )
The interior of LifeMed 's Learjet . ( Photo by Quinton Chandler/KTOO )
It is easier for Airlift Northwest 's nurses to load heavier patients into their newest plane , a Pilatus . ( Photo by Quinton Chandler/KTOO )
The interior of Airlift Northwest 's Pilatus aircraft . ( Photo by Quinton Chandler/KTOO )
Editor 's Note : Lance McVay is a volunteer DJ for KTOO .
Jbs Usa Holdings Llc :
* JBS USA LUX S.A . ANNOUNCES UPSIZING AND PRICING OF SENIOR NOTES OFFERING
* JBS USA LUX S.A . ANNOUNCES UPSIZING AND PRICING OF SENIOR NOTES OFFERING
* SAYS SUCCESSFULLY PRICED AT PAR THEIR OFFERING OF US $ 900.0 MILLION AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF SENIOR NOTES MATURING FEBRUARY 15 , 2028
* SAYS ‍AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF NOTES OFFERED WAS INCREASED FROM US $ 700.0 MILLION​
* ‍NOTES HAVE AN INTEREST RATE OF 6.75 % ​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
NEW YORK — Bill Clinton sex assault accuser Paula Jones says she 's nauseated that the former president is prepping a multi-city book tour and is being touted at publishing events to promote his upcoming novel .
“ This is a disgrace that any publishing company would even dare promote this evil , poor excuse of a human , ” Jones told Breitbart News . “ Sick liberal hypocrisy for sure . ”
Jones posited that Clinton “ needs to be standing trial just like Bill Cosby and Harvey Weinstein . Why is he so untouchable ? ”
“ Nothing about Bill Clinton should be believed , ” she added . “ He 's a rapist , sexual harasser and narcissist to say the least . ”
Earlier this month , Clinton rape accuser Juanita Broaddrick also spoke out about Clinton 's planned book tour , saying it is “ absolutely despicable ” that in the age of the # MeToo movement , Clinton , whom Broaddrick labeled a “ sexual predator , ” is scheduling major public events to promote the upcoming book .
“ It 's just unbelievable that they would roll out the red carpet for him , ” said Broaddrick of the numerous venues planning to host Clinton this summer . Broaddrick was speaking in an exclusive interview on this reporter 's talk radio program “ Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , ” broadcast on New York 's AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM .
Together with thriller writer James Paterson , Clinton is the co-author of a novel titled The President Is Missing . The former president is slated to appear at the annual BookCon taking place June 2-3 at the Javits Center in New York , and then is reportedly planning to participate in a multi-city book tour being billed as “ A Conversation with President Bill Clinton . ”
The New York Post reported earlier this month that Clinton has stops scheduled throughout the U.S. and Canada , and in some cases is charging $ 1,500 per ticket for onstage events .
With women 's issues taking center stage during the 2016 presidential race , Clinton faced renewed scrutiny over the numerous sexual assault accusations against him , including those from Jones and Broaddrick .
Aaron Klein is Breitbart 's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , “ Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @ AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook .
June Diane Raphael threw the party of the year in honor of her late parents — and PEOPLE has the exclusive pictures !
The Grace and Frankie actress , 37 , kicked off the annual It 's Not Your Parent 's Dance Party in Los Angeles on Saturday to benefit the Bresee Foundation , an after school and family services organization that helps young people pursue their education . Raphael and her comedian husband Paul Scheer came up with the idea to honor her parents .
“ This past year , right before the election , my father passed away , and I lost my mom about 10 years earlier , ” Raphael told PEOPLE ahead of the bash . “ When we were thinking about a way to honor my parents , my husband said , ‘ Let 's do a party , ' because they loved to throw parties . It 's something my parents really believed in , which are we all do better when we 're physically together . ”
Sara Jaye Weiss
Other than just a fun time for the couple and their friends , the actress wanted to make sure the party did something to help her community — an example set by her parents .
“ I saw my parents volunteer all the time and that 's what was ingrained in me as a child . It was n't something outside of what we did — it was just a part of our lives . My mother was a New York City public school teacher and my dad supported our public school in New York long after his kids were already through it , ” she said .
She continued , “ They really believed in the idea that it 's not just about one child succeeding , it 's about all children succeeding . That 's why we 're really proud to support Bresee this year because they are bridging some really important gaps in terms of what some public schools offer and what these kids actually need . ”
Raphael and Scheer were joined by their friends as they danced the night away and sipped Red Bull cocktails . Rebecca Romijn took a second to give Scheer a smooch and dance with Raphael while Lake Bell and Veep ‘ s Matt Walsh caught up outside . The bash included Colin Hanks , Rob Huebel , Casey Wilson and Jessica St. Clair .
Sara Jaye Weiss
And making sure her guests had a good time was Raphael 's priority .
“ I especially think right now , there are so many opportunities to break down just from looking at the news or being online , and actually being together in a room with people for no other reason than to celebrate is actually incredibly important , ” she said . “ We 're totally committed to our activist work and really proud to support this organization and unapologetically experiencing joy while doing it . ”
Bestselling author John O'Neill joined SiriusXM host Rebecca Mansour and guest host John Carney on Friday 's edition of Breitbart News Tonight to discuss his new book , The Fisherman 's Tomb : The True Story of the Vatican 's Secret Search , which chronicles Pope Paul VI 's quest — with the help of a billionaire Texas oilman and an agnostic archaeologist — to find the burial place of the apostle Peter , the first pope .
O'Neill spoke of Pope Pius XII and his successor Pope Paul VI 's decision , beginning in 1939 , to determine the veracity of the Christian oral tradition detailing the apostle Peter 's crucifixion and burial on Vatican Hill in Rome .
LISTEN :
To finance in this quest , O'Neill explained , the Vatican “ got virtually unlimited financing from a guy in the Texas oil business whose name is George Strake , whose story is fantastic and unbelievable by itself . He gave away the equivalent of billions of dollars . He gave it all away secretly without ever telling anyone and gave it away while he was alive on the condition that no one could ever know his name , and until this book no one ever did know . ”
Both Pius XII and Paul VI assumed political risks in pursuing the truth of St. Peter 's death because the story of St. Peter lays the foundation of the papacy 's connection to Rome . According to O'Neill , “ invalidation ” of this story “ would be a deeply unsettling discovery . ”
O'Neill wrote , “ If scientific evidence proved the long-held tradition of Peter 's burial beneath the Vatican to be false , it could cause people both within and outside the Church to call into question much more fundamental Church teachings . Pius XII , 260th in the long-claimed succession of Peter , certainly recognized this danger . If the excavations proved that Peter had never been in Rome , the Church 's credibility in other matters – especially after centuries of upheaval – might become subject to serious doubt . If Peter never really came to Rome – if he was never really the leader of a Christian community there and never really passed along his authority to a Roman successor – even the pope 's authority and credibility could more easily be called into question . ”
O'Neill characterized Pope Pius XII as brave to undertake such an operation during World War II . He stated , “ It was such an incredible act of courage by Pope Pius XII to authorize this going forward , right as WWII was going on and the Vatican was surrounded by Nazis and fascist blackshirts . It was an incredible act of faith . ”
O'Neill discussed renowned archaeologist Margherita Guarducci 's central role in the search for St. Peter 's bones . He wrote of challenges she faced as a female in her field in 20th century Italy , “ Twentieth-century Italy was profoundly sexist . The Italian female stereotype of a mother cooking pasta was , in fact , not an atypical view held in that place and age . Margherita Guarducci profoundly broke the mold . By all descriptions , she could be considered an early Italian feminist , accomplishing amazing archaeological breakthroughs , in a time and profession dominated by men . She was deeply in love with men — but they were men who had died thousands of years before her birth . She had little use for the men or world of her time . While existing in the present , she lived in the past . ”
O'Neill also discussed “ intrigue in the Vatican ” following Guarducci 's ascendance — via Pope Paul VI 's selection of her — to leading the project to discover St. Peter 's remains . She replaced all the men previously assigned to archaeological work on the matter in the Vatican .
O'Neill said of Guarducci 's professional legacy , “ [ She ] made some other unbelievable discoveries . She became acknowledged generally as one of the greatest archaeologists of the 20th century . ”
O'Neill noted how tours are now available of the excavations below St. Peter 's Basilica in Vatican City . He said , “ You can now go — if you can get the hottest ticket in Rome — and you can actually go below the Vatican on the so-called Scavi tour . You can tour those huge Roman rooms and then see the actual simple graves of these folks , including Paul VI , whose last words were , ‘ Bury me near Peter . Bury me in the dirt without any monuments , like Peter , ' which is exactly what they did and exactly where he 's buried . ”
O'Neill described the story detailed in his book as reinforcing as ratifying his faith . He remarked , “ I 've always thought the inscriptions are even more important because they contain exactly the fundamental things that Christians believe in today . There 's been a tremendous attack on Christianity , claiming it 's all a cult , it all was just made up as it went along . Well , let me tell you , they were carving it on rock in the first and early second centuries , the doctrine of the resurrection , the doctrine of redemption through Christ 's sacrifice . It 's all right there in rock , carved by these people who could be killed . This whole site was only 400 yards from the emperor 's palace where these guys were carving it . So it 's an amazing thing . It 's very faith-affirming . The story itself is one of those most amazing archaeological mysteries in history , really , and an incredible story of adventure . ”
Mansour described the story as a “ thriller ” that is “ a cross between Indiana Jones meets Quo Vadis and Lara Croft . ”
O'Neill added , “ The truth is there really was a Peter . There really was a Jesus . Peter really was killed . His body was actually buried right there on Vatican Hill after Nero killed him by crucifying him upside down . The guys that believed in him buried him there , and they began under threat of their lives to scratch prayers and the things they believed . That all really did happen in the first century . ”
Breitbart News Tonight broadcasts live Monday through Friday on SiriusXM 's Patriot channel 125 from 9:00 p.m. to midnight Eastern ( 6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. Pacific ) .
Follow Robert Kraychik on Twitter @ rkraychik .
First Annual Community Gala Set to Raise Funds , Awareness for Children of the Incarcerated
NBC4 's Bureau Chief Tracee Wilkins will MC the Mistaken Identity Gala , May 19th
Contact
Troop Public Relations
* * * @ trooppr.com Troop Public Relations
End
-- Mistaken Identity , a non-profit organization that supports low-income individuals and children of incarcerated parents , announces its first annual community gala . The fund-raising event will be held on Saturday , May 19 , 2018 at 7:00 p.m. at the Doubletree by Hilton Hotel , 9100 Basil Court , Largo , Maryland.Event organizers are pleased to announce that news affiliate NBC4 's Prince George 's County Bureau Chief , Ms. Tracee Wilkins will perform as the event 's Mistress of Ceremonies.Ms . Wilkins covers county government , economic development , education , crime and human interest . Her reporting style and news stories impact the lives of Prince George 's residents and the region.Active in the community , Tracee has received awards for her philanthropic work and is an active member in the National Association of Black Journalists . She 's News4 's top steward for anchors and reporters and serves on regional and national boards for the SAG-AFTRA Union . `` Tracee is the perfect addition to our event , '' said Mistaken Identity Founder , Sheri Green . `` Her dedication to community causes and activism mirrors my organization 's drive and commitment to raise money and awareness for low income residents and children of incarcerated parents , '' said Green.Purchase tickets on Eventbrite : https : //www.eventbrite.com/ e/mistaken-identity- community- ... About the Gala : This year 's event will be a formal ball and attended by several local and political high-profile guests such as Aisha Braveboy and Krystal Oriadha.The Gala will feature a seated dinner , raffles , silent auctions , and music.We will also be honoring the lives and efforts of the community members we serve as well as those who support our mission with the : Founders Award ; Community Inspiration Award ; Outstanding Volunteer Award ; Outstanding Philanthropist or Philanthropist Group ; and the Reliford T. `` Buddy '' Byrd Scholarship Award.For more information , visit www.mistakenid.org .
KNOXVILLE ( WATE ) – Crews responded to a Knoxville hotel Monday afternoon .
The Knoxville Fire Department says smoke was coming from the floor hallways at Red Roof Inn at 1315 Kirby Road .
Around 30 guests were evacuated from the building . Firefighters say smoke was coming from the elevator shaft . Hydraulic fluid was leaking onto a hot motor . There was no fire .
One female employee was transported to the hospital for smoke inhalation . No injuries were reported .
For the latest news , weather and video , download the WATE 6 On Your Side app .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
May 3 U.S. health insurer WellCare Health Plans Inc reported a 78 percent surge in quarterly profit , driven by higher enrolments in its Medicaid plans for low-income families .
The company 's net income jumped to $ 67.3 million , or $ 1.50 per share , in the first quarter ended March 31 , from $ 37.8 million , or 85 cents per share , a year earlier .
WellCare , which focuses on government-backed health plans , said revenue rose to $ 3.92 billion from $ 3.45 billion . ( Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru ; Editing by Savio D'Souza )
EVERETT , Wash. — The Snohomish County sheriff 's Search and Rescue ( SAR ) unit issued a warning Wednesday that hiking conditions are still dangerous on Mount Pilchuck near Granite Falls , especially for those who are n't well-trained and well-equipped .
“ A late spring meltout and heavy winter snow pack on the mountain has made the trail up Mt . Pilchuck slippery and very hard to navigate , ” said SAR Sgt . Danny Wikstrom . “ All of our recent rescue missions to Mt . Pilchuck have been above the snowline and three of them involved persons not dressed or equipped for the conditions on the mountain . ”
SAR and volunteers were called out for four rescues in seven days , the sheriff 's office said . And two of the people pulled off of the mountain had serious injuries .
Wikstrom offered these tips and reminders :
• Carry the 10 essentials , including a map and compass .
• Stay on the trail . If you 're unsure where the trail is , turn around .
• Only hikers who have the training and equipment to traverse snow fields , who have extensive knowledge of the Mount Pilchuck trail , and who are prepared for changing conditions – and to spend the night – should even consider attempting the trail .
• Do not rely on using your cellphone as your only emergency plan . Very little of the mountain ( or anywhere in the area ) has cellphone coverage . Leave a hiking plan behind with someone who can call 911 if you do n't return on time .
US tennis talent Tiafoe making good on promises at Wimbledon
Photo : Julio Cortez , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE- In this Tuesday , Aug. 29 , 2017 file photo , Frances Tiafoe , of the United States , reacts after breaking Roger Federer , of Switzerland , during a first-round match of the U.S. Open tennis tournament , in New York . Tiafoe saved 13 of the 15 break points he faced to upset 30th-seeded Fernando Verdasco in the first round of Wimbledon on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018. less FILE- In this Tuesday , Aug. 29 , 2017 file photo , Frances Tiafoe , of the United States , reacts after breaking Roger Federer , of Switzerland , during a first-round match of the U.S. Open tennis tournament , in New ... more Photo : Julio Cortez , AP US tennis talent Tiafoe making good on promises at Wimbledon 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
LONDON ( AP ) — Frances Tiafoe remembers promising to his parents before he was even a teenager that tennis would change their lives .
As his talent for the sport became obvious at the tennis center in Maryland where his father was a maintenance worker — and lived with his family in an office that served as their apartment — Tiafoe vowed he would use his abilities to better their circumstances .
`` I told them when I was about 11 , 12 years old , this is what it was going to be , '' Tiafoe said Tuesday , sitting in an interview room at the England Club after a first-round win at Wimbledon . `` You guys just have to sit back and wait for it . ''
Wait no longer . The now 20-year-old Tiafoe is on the verge of breaking into the top 50 in the rankings . He already has reached a level where his income from the sport has taken his parents a long way from the struggles they faced after arriving in the United States as immigrants from Sierra Leone .
`` I 've still got a long way to go , '' Tiafoe said . `` But I said , 'Look , I 'm going to change everybody 's life , I 'm going to buy you all a house . I 'm going to do X , Y , and Z , and everybody 's going to live nice at the end of my career and no one is going to have to worry about anything . ' ``
If he keeps playing the way he did against Fernando Verdasco — a former Wimbledon quarterfinalist seeded 30th — they wo n't have to worry at all .
Tiafoe beat Verdasco 7-6 ( 6 ) , 7-6 ( 5 ) , 3-6 , 6-3 after outplaying the Spaniard on the key points . The American saved 13 of the 15 break points he faced while converting two of the only four he had himself .
`` I played to win when it was time to step up , '' he said .
Tiafoe has been stepping up all his life . Even though his parents were n't as sure as he was that tennis was the answer .
`` My dad always believed me , '' Tiafoe said . `` My mom , she wanted me to go to college , ( and said ) you can do whatever you want after that . I said , it 's not going to go down like that . ... There was one plan and that was it . There was no Plan B because that just distracts you from Plan A. I had a vision , and I wanted it every day . I dream chased every day . There was always a purpose to what I was doing on the court , because it 's not about me at the end of the day . Because my parents , they sacrificed for me and my brother , and I had to do it for them . ''
His mom , Alphina , did n't seem unhappy about her son 's career choice as she watched him play on Court 11 on Tuesday .
`` That 's my little boy , '' she shouted as he wrapped up the victory .
BRIEF-United Insurance Holdings previews Q2-2017 catastrophe losses
* United Insurance Holdings - estimated net retained catastrophe losses incurred during Q2 ending June 30 , 2017 of about $ 20 million before income taxes Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead , including gunman , in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in .
Oklahoma and Comanche County still have work to do to encourage healthy lifestyles , but there 's plenty to celebrate in the gains that have already been made .
That was one of the messages Friday at the Oklahoma Tobacco Settlement Endowment Trust ( TSET ) Healthy Living Program legislative breakfast at Comanche County Memorial Hospital .
First the bad news . TSET Executive Director John Woods told the breakfast meeting that 7,000 Oklahomans died prematurely each year because of tobacco use .
`` It 's our No . 1 killer , '' he said , more than suicides , murders , auto wrecks and alcoholism combined . Minors are still exposed to secondhand smoke in vehicles and there are no comprehensive laws for smoke-free areas .
`` We have cheap cigarettes in Oklahoma and that is helping increase the burden of smoking on our state , '' he said .
The direct cost of medical care for smokers in Oklahoma is $ 1.62 million a year , he said , and $ 1.72 billion in health expenditures can be linked to obesity .
But there is good news . TSET 's tobacco hotline has served more than 360,000 people in their efforts to quit tobacco use , making it the second-busiest program in the country . And he noted that Lawton was one of the first large cities in Oklahoma to ban tobacco use in public places .
Oklahoma TSET has directed funds to the Stephenson Cancer Institute at the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center to allow it to become a part of the National Clinical Trials Network . Woods said that will allow cutting-edge treatments to be offered in clinical trials not only in Oklahoma City but across the state .
Tobacco use is n't the only threat to Oklahomans ' health , Woods said . Obesity is a major concern and linked to $ 1.72 billion in annual health care costs in the state .
Changing lifestyles and encouraging Oklahomans to make better choices in nutrition and fitness is a major part of the way forward , he said , and `` your community is leading the way in this effort . ''
Lisa Jansen-Rees , director of Army Community Services for Fort Sill Family and Morale , Welfare and Recreation , said the post has been active in encouraging good health in programs that range from providing healthy snacks at physical fitness centers to encouraging Freedom Elementary 's work .
Fosie Hillis Jr. , a student at Lawton High School , recounted what he 's learned from being a volunteer at Memorial and working with fifth-graders who walk to Lawton High for a pep rally to encourage healthy living .
The Second Session of the Eighty-Seventh General Assembly gaveled in at 10:00 on January 8 , 2018 . After the opening speeches by leaders from both parties , it was down to business , as this is scheduled to be a 100-day session .
Committees met and organized in the afternoon , and the House Chamber was readied for the Tuesday morning Condition of the State address , which was delivered by Governor Kim Reynolds .
This was her first address to the General Assembly since becoming Governor last year , when she took over the reins from Governor Terry Branstad , who is now the United States Ambassador to China . She did an excellent job of presenting her agenda and proposed budget for FY 2019 . I look forward to working with her .
On Tuesday , Chief Justice of the Iowa Supreme Court , Mark Cady , addressed the Joint Session of the Legislature regarding the Condition of the State 's Judicial System and General Tim Orr reported on the state of the Iowa National Guard on Thursday .
Committees continue to meet and organize in the afternoons . Bills are being filed and introduced , so we are off !
There is a winter storm bearing down on Iowa , and there are no votes scheduled , so some lawmakers are heading home a day early . There is nothing to report on as far as legislation is concerned , except to list some of the potential issues that may come up this session .
The Governor wants the Legislature to send a water quality bill to her early in the session , and I
believe we will do that . The State budget will be tight , and we are already working on that . We need to set K-12 school funding early so local boards know what is going to be available .
Medicaid Privatization is not working the way it should , so we need to get this right . Tax reform , will be debated , but I am not sure what the final product will look like . I believe the Legislature needs to extend the school infrastructure tax , and I believe there are the votes to do this .
Finally , I want everyone to know that we will NOT be changing IPERS . I welcome any and all input from my constituents on whatever issues you believe need to be addressed .
My Committee assignments this year include Appropriations , Transportation and Natural Resources . I will once again be chairing the Transportation , Infrastructure , and Capitals budget sub-committee .
It is an honor and privilege to serve as your Representative in Des Moines , so please feel free to contact me at any time .
You may reach me at the Capitol during the week by phoning me at 515-281-3221 , or at home on weekends at 712-434-5880 . You may write me at the State Capitol , Des Moines , Iowa , 50319 . My home is P. O . Box 398 , Aurelia , Iowa 51005 . If you have email , please contact me at dan.huseman @ legis.iowa.gov .
Speech to Text for Backyard Leisure to open temporary location
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video . Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate .
open a temporary location tomorrow . a fire happened at backyard leisure around 4 p.m. saturday . the fire heavily damaged the west side of the business . its showroom suffered water damage . fire crews say an electrical problem is most likely the cause of the fire . backyard leisure will open its temporary location next to big ' o tires . they also hope to have all landline calls forwarded to employee cell phones . that way customers can get any service they need . it will be `` at
JOHANNESBURG , April 6 South Africa 's banking sector fell by nearly three percent on Thursday after S & P cut the credit ratings of several major financial institutions following a sovereign downgrade .
S & P cut South Africa 's credit level to junk status on Monday , citing growing concerns of political and policy instability following President Jacob Zuma 's midnight cabinet reshuffle a week ago .
A weak rand following the downgrade compounded the impact on banking shares on Thursday , with Capitec Bank 4.83 percent lower at 720.18 rand , FirstRand down 2.92 percent at 43.95 rand , Standard Bank falling 2.81 percent to 134.85 rand and Nedbank dropping 2.82 percent to 222.42 rand at 1020 GMT .
S & P Global Ratings said on Wednesday it had cut to 'BB+/B ' from 'BBB-/A-3 ' , its long- and short-term counterparty credit ratings on FirstRand Bank Ltd. , Nedbank Ltd. , and Investec Bank Ltd . It also lowered its long-term counterparty credit rating on FirstRand Ltd. to 'BB- ' from 'BB+ ' .
It also lowered its long- and short-term national scale ratings on Barclays Africa Group Ltd and FirstRand Ltd to 'zaBB+/zaB ' from 'zaA/zaA-2 ' and its long-term national scale ratings on Barclays Africa Group 's subsidiary , Absa Bank Ltd , to 'zaA ' from 'zaAA- ' .
`` We lowered our ratings on the financial institutions because we do not rate South African banks above the foreign currency sovereign credit ratings . This is because of the likely direct and indirect influence of sovereign distress on domestic banks ' operations , including their ability to service foreign currency obligations , '' S & P said in a statement .
The ratings group said that despite `` slow economic growth and political turbulence , South African banks have been performing resiliently '' .
But it warned that if the rand falls further and sparks rises in inflation and interest rates then this could increase credit losses among the country 's top banks and damage their profitability and their return on equity this year .
Although the rand was 0.45 percent firmer at 13.7475 rand to the dollar , it was still near to Tuesday 's almost three month low of 13.9400 rand to the dollar .
`` What usually happens is that hedge funds have mandates when things get downgraded to junk ... to de-leverage or sell out because they are not allowed to hold risky debt on their books , '' BP Bernstein trader Vasili Tirasis said .
Barclays Africa and Nedbank both said they were well placed to withstand the downgrade .
`` Barclays Africa is well-capitalised with a strong liquidity position and a balance sheet of over 1 trillion rand , '' the regional unit of Britain 's Barclays Plc said .
`` We must remember that Nedbank is operating in a South African banking system that is sound and well-capitalised , '' Nedbank 's Chief Executive Mike Brown said in a statement . ( Reporting by Tanisha Heiberg ; editing by Alexander Smith )
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco , turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in , authorities and company officials said .
FRANKFURT , April 13 SAP , Europe 's top software maker , said on Thursday that executive Steve Singh would leave the company at the end of this month .
Singh is the co-founder and former chief executive of U.S. expense software maker Concur , which SAP bought in 2014 for $ 7.3 billion , its largest acquisition ever .
After the acquisition , Singh joined SAP 's executive board to lead the company 's networks and applications business and integrate Concur into the company .
`` When SAP acquired Concur Technologies , we knew Steve would play a significant role in strengthening the SAP cloud portfolio , '' SAP 's Chief Executive Bill McDermott said in a statement .
`` We also knew he would eventually go back to his start-up roots . ''
SAP said Singh plans to focus on other entrepreneurial interests outside of SAP . ( Reporting by Harro ten Wolde , editing by David Evans )
BRIEF-SSH Communications Security offers up to 3.4 mln new shares in accelerated book-built offering
* SSH COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY OFFERS UP TO 3,400,000 NEW SHARES TO INSTITUTIONAL AND OTHER SELECTED INVESTORS IN AN ACCELERATED BOOK-BUILT OFFERING
NRG Energy 's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON , Del. , June 14 NRG Energy Inc 's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $ 1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business , according to a securities filing .
0 Broken-heart syndrome : Can you die from a broken heart ?
Can you die from a broken heart ?
At times in life , the stress of the loss of a loved one or a devastating medical diagnosis can sure make you think that . But is there a physiological link between heartbreak and a heart that 's “ broken ? ”
> > Read more trending news
Doctors say there is , and they even have a name for it -- takotsubo cardiomyopathy , or “ broken-heart syndrome . ”
The symptoms come on suddenly and are often confused with a heart attack . People who have suffered the loss of a loved one are often affected .
A doctor in Texas suggested Monday that former president George H.W . Bush , who was hospitalized a day after the funeral for his wife , Barbara , could be suffering from the syndrome .
I 've seen many people fall apart after the death of a spouse - including developing “ broken heart syndrome ” ( aka Takatsubo 's cardiomyopathy ) . https : //t.co/ZyloQ2GXRh — Jason Westin , MD ( @ DrJasonWestin ) April 23 , 2018
A spokesman said Bush had an infection that traveled to his bloodstream but that he appeared to be improving . Bush is in intensive care at a Houston hospital .
What is takotsubo cardiomyopathy and will it kill you ? Here 's a look at the syndrome .
What is it ?
Takotsubo cardiomyopathy is a weakening of the heart 's main pumping chamber – the left ventricle .
What causes the weakening of the chamber ?
It 's believed that after a stressful event – such as losing a loved one , being in an accident or experiencing a natural disaster – the release of a large number of stress hormones ( such as adrenaline ) causes a disruption in the heart 's ability to properly pump blood . That disruption weakens the left ventricle and causes it to balloon out as the heart beats .
Is it a heart attack ?
Takotsubo cardiomyopathy is not a heart attack . A heart attack happens when a blockage in the arteries of the heart interrupts blood flow , causing tissue to be damaged or destroyed .
Can it kill you ?
Yes , you can die from takotsubo cardiomyopathy , generally as a result of arrhythmia , or an irregular heartbeat , but that rarely happens . In fact , most people recover from the condition within a few weeks to a month .
Some people believe the takotsubo cardiomyopathy may have contributed to the death of actress Debbie Reynolds , who died in December 2016 , a day after her daughter , actress and author Carrie Fisher died of a heart attack . Debbie Reynolds ' cause of death was listed as an intracerebral hemorrhage or a stroke .
What are the symptoms ?
The symptoms mimic a heart attack – chest pain and shortness of breath after severe stress . An electrocardiogram can show abnormalities that look like a heart attack , but with takotsubo cardiomyopathy , there will be no evidence of coronary artery obstruction that would cause a heart attack .
Tests will show abnormal movements and ballooning of the left ventricle .
Who generally suffers from broken-heart syndrome ?
Overwhelmingly , it is a condition from which women suffer . According to a Harvard Medical School report , research shows women account for 90 percent of the cases diagnosed . The women in that study were between the ages of 58 and 75 .
How is it treated ?
Doctors usually prescribe medications such as diuretics ( “ water pills ” ) , beta blockers and ACE inhibitors . They often prescribe aspirin , as well .
What does the name mean ?
Takotsubo syndrome is named after a type of fishing pot used by Japanese fishermen . The pot is used to trap an octopus .
The name comes from images of the heart following an occurrence of takotsubo . The ballooning of the left ventricle causes the heart to take on a shape similar to the fishing pot .
Japanese doctors are credited with discovering the condition . It has only recently been recognized in the United States , according to the Harvard report .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
Briana DeJesus took one step forward in her plans to pursue adoption for her then-unborn daughter Stella — but she was faced with resistance from her ex-boyfriend .
The Teen Mom 2 met with an adoption agency on Monday night 's episode , seeking information on adoption plans for her second child and whether she needed her ex-boyfriend , Luis ' , consent .
“ I would like [ an ] open adoption or at least semi-open , ” DeJesus , 23 , told the adoption caseworker . “ Let 's say the father of this baby is n't on board 110 percent . Will I still need him to be on board to proceed if I wanted to give this baby up for adoption ? ”
The caseworker informed DeJesus that Luis would need to be contacted , and that he would need to provide “ some form of physical and emotional support ” in order to keep his parental rights .
DeJesus met with her ex for lunch and explained the meeting she had with the caseworker : “ You have 30 days to agree with it or disagree with it . If you do n't do what they say in those 30 days they take away your parental rights and it 's up to me . ”
Luis scoffed slightly , and said , “ I guess I assumed things were different . I guess I was somewhere else in my head with all of this . ”
“ You look annoyed , ” DeJesus said .
“ I am , ” he told her . “ I know you want to explore your options , but I think what is best for my child is for her to be with her parents . People work out all the time . Even through worse matters . Obviously , you know I do n't want to co-parent in the sense of us not being together . I want to be together . ”
“ All of this adoption talk … honestly , it drives me nuts , ” Luis admitted .
“ You got ta stop being selfish for a bit . You 're the one who f—– up , ” DeJesus said , referencing Luis ' alleged infidelity .
“ I just do n't see why things ca n't work out , ” Luis said . “ I f—– up , yes , but … I do n't feel like I 'm such a bad person that it has to come to drastic measures . ”
DeJesus ended their conversation , and told him , “ You 're not understanding why I want to go down this route . You 're not understanding anything . ”
The other mothers in the episode were overcoming their own obstacles . Kailyn Lowry and Leah Messer struggled with balancing their kids and personal lives along with school commitments . Chelsea DeBoer worried about her ex Adam 's drug addiction while trying to find a way for their daughter Aubree to remain in contact with him . Jenelle Evans tried to find a way to feel productive by cleaning her new house with fiancé David Eason , all the while taking care of their new baby , Ensley .
Teen Mom 2 airs Mondays ( 9 p.m . ET ) on MTV .
Cara Delevingne does n't worry about her Instagram posts being `` perfect '' .
The 25-year-old model-and-actress - who has over 41 million followers on the social networking site - would rather be `` open and honest '' in the pictures she posts and does n't worry about tiny details so long as the images truly capture what is going on at that time .
Asked the secret to social media success , she said : `` Capturing a moment in its fullest .
`` Does n't matter if it 's perfect . I like seeing people post all ranges of feelings and emotion .
São Paulo , April 28 TIM Participaçoes SA , Brazil 's second-largest wireless phone company , posted first-quarter net income of 132 million reais ( $ 41.46 million ) , up 3.3 percent from a year earlier , according to a securities filing on Friday .
Profit at the Brazilian unit of Telecom Italia was near an average estimate of 134 million reais in a Thomson Reuters survey of analysts .
Net services revenue rose 3.5 percent as TIM continued to focus on higher value postpaid customers after a punishing two-year recession that has eroded Brazilians ' purchasing power .
Earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization , a gauge of operating profit known as EBITDA , rose 8.7 percent to 1.263 billion reais , above an average estimate of 1.244 billion reais .
EBITDA as a share of revenue rose to 32.0 percent from 30.2 percent a year earlier . ( $ 1 = 3.1836 reais ) ( Reporting by Silvio Cascione ; Writing by Brad Haynes ; editing by Susan Thomas )
Well , we 're officially past the winter solstice , which means that technically the days are only going to get longer from here on out . But despite that , the distant memories of spring and summer are still fading as quickly as the daylight . If you 're feeling unmotivated , lethargic , depressed or just … * loud exhale full of ennui * … here are some books you can read that may help .
Neil Pasricha 's The Happiness Equation
It 's not romance , but it 's definitely worth a shot . Not sure anything will make me happier than a good romance novel though . # thehappinessequation # romanticallyinclined # neilpasricha # thebookofawesome # 1000happythings A photo posted by Romantically Inclined Reviews ( @ romantically_inclined ) on Dec 21 , 2016 at 12:01pm PST
Pasricha 's best-known work is The Book of Awesome , but The Happiness Equation takes a more philosophical approach to the pursuit of happiness instead of … just listing things .
Matt Haig 's Reasons to Stay Alive
the last book of 2016 ? ( probably ) A photo posted by @ luhxx on Dec 29 , 2016 at 2:21am PST
An in-depth exploration of Haig 's battle with depression , if you need a pick-me-up on a very fundamental level , you could do a lot worse than this book .
Felicia Day 's You 're Never Weird on the Internet ( Almost )
TOMORROW ! ✨ # YoureNeverWeirdOnTheInternet # Almost A photo posted by Touchstone Books ( @ touchstonebooks ) on Apr 18 , 2016 at 2:18pm PDT
Day 's cloistered upbringing and variety of interests eventually congealed into her career as one of the earliest YouTube stars . If the pressures of social media have you feeling distinctly less social , take a lesson from Day and glean solace from your uniqueness , not shame .
Jennifer Niven 's All the Bright Places
Want a good ugly cry ? Think you 're too good for YA ? Pick up All the Bright Places .
Cristina Henríquez 's The Book of Unknown Americans
If for no other reason than to gain a little perspective .
Terry Tempest Williams ' When Women Were Birds
After all the gender-related ugliness of the 2016 election , When Women Were Birds should be required reading .
Malala Yousafzai 's I Am Malala
In awe of this brave , young girl . I 've highlighted countless parts in this book and I 've only just started it . If you need an inspiring read , pick up this one ! # bookstagram # booksofinstagram # goodreads # iammalala # backbaybooks A photo posted by LaLa Life Book Club ( @ lalalifebookclub ) on Dec 22 , 2016 at 6:28pm PST
A young girl shot in the head turned international hero . A testimony to the power of the human spirit .
Fredrik Bachman 's A Man Called Ove
Very rare for everyone in my book group to love what we are reading . This one is an exception . I ca n't remember the last time I read a more charming novel , or one with so much ❤️ # amancalledove # perfection A photo posted by Kristin van Ogtrop ( @ kvanogtrop ) on Jun 16 , 2016 at 4:33am PDT
Sometimes you 're the elderly curmudgeon at the heart of this story , and sometimes you 're the neighbors who run over his mailbox .
Héctor Tobar 's Deep Down Dark
`` Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities . Truth is n't . '' – Mark Twain | 🙊 # deepdowndark A photo posted by Michelle Cook ( @ michellejoycook ) on Aug 4 , 2015 at 9:29pm PDT
This one 's also filed under “ Riveting true story that will make you reconsider your station in life . ”
Rob Bell 's How to Be Here
Just read it . Promise . Even if your beliefs do n't line up with this author/pastors ' , there is still a lot of great nuggets and wisdom to help navigate through this hectic and over scheduled – yet beautiful – life . ❤️ # howtobehere A photo posted by Kim Woods ( @ kimwoodsinteriordesign ) on Dec 18 , 2016 at 4:51pm PST
If you need a good shot in the arm to jump-start 2017 , Rob Bell 's got it for you .
Stephen King 's On Writing
It 's a classic for a reason . It 's about writing , sure , but it 's also about addiction , relationships and the idea of a craft , period , told by one of the defining authors of our generation .
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
CAIRO A leader in Islamic State 's Egyptian affiliate was killed in an air raid last month , the Egyptian military said on Sunday .
`` Following the results of the air raid on March 18 ... and upon the security apparatus 's investigation , it was revealed that Salem Salmy al-Hamadeen , Aka Abu Anas al-Ansari , was killed , '' the military spokesman said in a statement .
Hamadeen was one of the founders of the group which was formerly called Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis , now called Egypt 's Sinai Province , and was responsible for arming and training militants . He died after being wounded in the air raid , the statement said .
The group announced in their latest weekly newsletter that he was killed by shrapnel from a missile that fell beside him .
The militant group staging the insurgency pledged allegiance to Islamic State in 2014 and adopted the name Sinai Province . It is blamed for killing hundreds of Egyptian soldiers and police since then .
( Reporting by Omar Fahmy ; writing by Asma Alsharif ; Editing by Dominic Evans )
Al Gore 's new movie – An Inconvenient Sequel : Truth to Power – is going down with audiences like a cup of cold sick .
It has bombed at the box office :
advertisement
An Inconvenient Sequel : Truth to Power , which follows the ex-VP 's continuing attempts to raise awareness of global warming , made $ 900,000 across 180 screens on the weekend of August 4-6 , according to Box Office Mojo . But the original made $ 1,356,387 across just 77 screens at the same point in its run in 2006 , leaving Paramount 's confidence in the movie 's appeal looking misplaced .
( And this weekend was even worse… )
It has been slated by his ( natural ally ) the Guardian . “ Desultory and surprisingly vainglorious ” , says the two-star review .
It has been mocked for its exaggerations by the BBC 's Justin Webb :
Webb hit back and suggested the former vice president 's second film on tackling climate change , An Inconvenient Sequel , exaggerated facts . He said : “ But that 's the problem is n't it , you make the case that they 're climate related . “ If I said to you , it 's a cold day in London right now , so there 's no such thing as climate change , you 'd say you 're a moron , it 's an idiotic thing to say . “ Yet in your film , you have repeated shots of storms and you , as you put it , join the dots and suggest that they have to be because of man-made climate change .
But perhaps the most devastating blow of all to the movie 's shredded credibility is this terrifying new trailer featuring several of the most embarrassing or obscure pop stars .
“ I 'm inconvenient for the future of the planet , ” says Paul McCartney – probably the truest words he has ever uttered – with all the enthusiasm and verve of a 1,000-year old zombie recovering from a full-frontal lobotomy .
“ The poorest of the poor are furious… ” declares Bono , with that special insight all millionaire pop stars have into the mindset of people living on less than $ 5 a day . “ …Because they get hit first and worst by climate change . ”
Then , after Pharrell says that he 's inconvenient too ( amen , bro ! ) , various pop stars you have literally never ever heard of – Steve Aoki ? Camila Cabello ? Jennifer Hudson ? – deliver a series of awkward , stilted , muffled soundbites so lame and offputting you feel you 'd rather watch the recent Ghostbusters remake played ten times back to back than have to endure even one session of a movie consisting of little but Al Gore preening himself and junk science propaganda enlivened only by shots of floods , hurricanes and tornadoes .
You have been warned .
Ministers of Transportation and Municipal Affairs Brian Mason and Shaye Anderson say it 's a good day
May 29 was a good day for Albertans and all Canadians , according to Alberta Minister of Transportation Brian Mason and Minister of Municipal Affairs Shaye Anderson .
The federal government announced on Tuesday the purchase of the Kinder Morgan Pipeline from Alberta to British Columbia . The Government of Alberta will invest about $ 2 billion into an indemnity pool .
Minister Anderson says the the investment will only be payable once oil is flowing through the pipeline . After that the investment turns into an equity stake in the project .
“ This deal will unlock investment in our oil sands . We know that people across this province and in Central Alberta are involved in the oil sands through different industries , ” said Anderson , adding the deal will “ unlock investment across this province . ”
After the announcement , Anderson said people went back to work that day in the oil sands .
“ This is going to create certainty which will create more investment in this province , which means more people are going to go back to work , ” said Anderson .
Minister of Transportation says there will be plenty of work that will begin immediately as there is a backlog of product waiting to be sent out .
“ We will see many benefits coming from this pipeline . Immediately we will see more jobs , it will stimulate to oil patch , and reduce the price differential , ” Mason said .
The pipeline being built means there will be more money paid to the government for things like roads , schools and hospitals , according to Anderson .
While a start date is not yet known , Ministers Mason and Anderson believe shovel will be put to ground soon .
Minister Mason also commented on the Government of British Columbia continuing their most current court case against the pipeline .
He says the court case is n't likely to delay progress on the pipeline .
“ The Federal government is committed to seeing it through , … we are committed to seeing it through , ” said Mason .
So far there have been 16 court cases from the Government of British Columbia against the pipeline , each one was unsuccessful .
Minister Anderson says the people of British Columbia have their right to speak up for their beliefs and to see it in court , but he is confident the pipeline will be built .
“ They are allowed to speak up and and defend their beliefs , ” Anderson said . “ But , we have won 16 out of 16 court cases . ”
The pipeline will also have the added benefit of allowing Alberta and Canada to send its product to other markets .
“ We wo n't be captive to the American market anymore , ” said Mason .
Mason and Anderson said the investment by the Federal Government is something they are both “ very pleased ” with .
Anderson called it a “ great move forward ” while Mason says it will benefit all of Canada , not just Alberta .
“ We have been called on by our opposition to be more aggressive . Instead we used a steady and careful strategy , where we shifted the public 's interest to our side , ” said Mason , adding , “ we were even able to get the public from B.C . on our side . ”
“ It is a good day for Alberta and for all of Canada , ” said Anderson .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
( AP ) – Health insurer Humana is leaving the Affordable Care Act 's public insurance exchanges for next year as it regroups after ending its proposed combination with rival insurer Aetna .
Humana Inc. covers about 150,000 people on exchanges in 11 states .
The insurer said Tuesday it had taken several actions to improve that business , but it was still seeing signs of unbalanced risk in that customer population . Health insurers have struggled to attract enough healthy people to their risk pools to balance the claims they incur from people with expensive medical conditions .
Humana and Aetna said earlier Tuesday that they were calling off Aetna 's roughly $ 34 billion acquisition of Humana . That deal already had been rejected by a federal judge who was worried about its impact on competition .
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG , June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong , the bank said on Thursday , after the territory 's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate .
MANZINI – Legendary outfit Mbabane Highlanders are for the second time in three seasons , starring relegation in the face with three games remaining in the MTN League .
Yesterday , from 12 yards out , captain Xolani ‘ Chocco ' Sibandze rescued a point for Highlanders - sending Manzini Seabirds goalkeeper Bafana Ngwenya the wrong direction as this tension-filled relegation six-pointer clash finished in a 2-all draw .
Manzini Seabirds players and the technical bench were , rightly , left hopping mad after referee Thulani Sibandze awarded Mbabane Highlanders a controversial penalty in added time .
With all due respect , the result did not aid either side in their quest to survive the dreaded relegation axe that is hovering menacingly over their heads . Highlanders remain third from the bottom of the MTN standings , with 16 points having played a game more than Red Lions , who are right below them with 15 points while Seabirds remain rooted at the bottom . Red Lions play Mbabane Swallows in the pending game at Somhlolo National Stadium on Thursday night .
Highlanders had the perfect start to the match with January signing Sifiso Dlamini , cleverly making space for himself inside the big box before expertly chipping over advancing Bafana Ngwenya to the far post for the opener . It was the first former Bad Boys striker 's goal in a Highlanders shirt that obviously will boost his confidence after being named by new Sihlangu coach Pieter de Jongh in his tentative squad for mid week camps .
For their resilience and purposeful attack , Seabirds levelled through Bhekumuzi Mamba who blasted through a forest of legs to beat Sidumo Vilakati after 57 minutes . It was bad defending from the host here , failing to clear a Muzi Tsabedze cross on the right .
Youthful Allen Mabuza , who has the sweetest left foot thought he had restored Highlanders lead with a stretched leg , meeting Cosmas Kabaza 's cross only to be denied by the upright four minutes after the hour mark . Gcinizwi Dlamini cleared to safety with Bafana sprawling on the turf .
Muzi put Seabirds in front for the first time in the match with a minute remaining on regulation time . The speedy forward raced inside Highlanders box , eliminating Muzi ‘ Mzo ' Dlamini in the process before toe poking past Sidumo . It looked like the winner .
But deep in optional time , referee Thulani Sibandze pointed to the penalty spot for an alleged handball from the cluster of bodies inside the big box , as Sibusiso Mkhonta attempted scissor kick bounced back . Seabirds players crowded Sibandze like starved tigers in the Amazon questioning the decision . Manager London Dlamini was in alteration with the Highlanders bench provoking the ‘ Black Bull ' fans on the main stand to jump over to join in . Police and club marshals were quick to intervene .
On the pitch , ‘ Chooco ' stepped up and sent Bafana the wrong way to secure a crucial point for Highlanders . Seabirds finished the game with 10 men after Bhekumuzi was sent off following a second bookable offence . The goal scorer had reacted towards the referee , after being judged to have fouled Menzi Sithole .
ALL IN A DAY 'S WORK Incredibly Badass Iraqi Engineers Battle Back Oil Field Fires Set By The Islamic State
According to Iraqi officials , ISIS set the fires to hamper airstrikes in the area with rising smoke .
DOHA - Qatar Airways will continue to expand even as it prepares to announce `` large '' annual losses due to a blockade by neighbours , the airline 's chief executive said on Monday .
Akbar al-Baker said the Gulf carrier remained a `` very robust company '' despite being heavily affected by a regional diplomatic dispute that has seen it lose access to routes across Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Bahrain and Egypt .
`` Yes , it will be a large loss . When I say we will be declaring a large loss , for me , after making profit , then even if I lost only 10 million , it 's a large loss , '' Baker told a press conference .
But he said that the national carrier is not in danger of a collapse .
`` You can see although that we are predicting a loss , we are still expanding , we are still investing , we are still buying airplanes .
`` We will keep on expanding , keep on recruiting not firing people , not parking airplanes , ( and ) shrinking the network , doing exactly the opposite . ''
Barring Qatar Airways from using its neighbours ' airspace has increased costs for the company during the 10 months since the crisis erupted .
The airline made a profit of $ 540 million last year and new results will be announced in June .
Qatar Airways has a fleet of around 200 aircraft and over 100 more on firm orders .
The outspoken Baker accused neighbouring former allies of `` bullying '' Qatar after they cut all ties with the emirate last June .
Taking a swipe at American carriers , he said they hide behind US bankruptcy protection laws whereas Qatar Airways does not enjoy this benefit .
Baker also confirmed that plans to expand Doha 's Hamad International Airport in time for the 2022 World Cup would go ahead .
But he denied recent claims in Norwegian media about labour abuse at the airport , run by Qatar Airways .
`` As far as the welfare of employees is concerned , we are really a role model , '' he said .
Feb. 2 ( UPI ) — A New England Patriots fan used 2.2 bitcoins to buy seats to Super Bowl LII , according to secondary ticket marketplace TickPick .
The value for the 2.2 bitcoins was at $ 19,000 by the time the no-fee marketplace converted them to USD , according to TickPick co-CEO Brett Goldberg .
Goldberg said the man wished to remain anonymous . He has attended Super Bowls in the past , including last year 's Patriots win against the Atlanta Falcons at NRG Stadium in Houston .
He plans sit in the front row on the 50-yard line . The buyer bought the tickets by first transferring his bitcoin from a digital wallet . TickPick representatives were locked in to get the transaction to occur as quickly as possible , due to the volatility of the value for bitcoins . The transaction took about an hour to finish .
“ In an hour you can see hundreds of dollars in swing , ” Goldberg told UPI . “ The second it hit my account it was transferred to U.S. dollars . ”
“ Me as a business , I do n't want to own bitcoin , ” Goldberg said . “ I do n't want to be exposed to the volatility . ”
The buyer reached out to TickPick to ask if it would accept the unique payment medium . It was the first time bitcoin has been used in a transaction for Super Bowl tickets on the site .
Goldberg said TickPick has n't seen a dip in ticket prices or sales , despite the league experiencing a decline in TV ratings . He said TickPick has seen tickets at their highest value , from an average sale price standpoint .
Goldberg said some of the attraction for using bitcoin is that you can have 2 percent to 3 percent in credit card fees during a transaction , while bitcoin has around 0.1 percent .
TickPick said that the average listing price for tickets was at $ 5,214 on Friday , down 11.5 percent from Thursday . The get-in price for the game is at $ 3,470 , a 4.27 percent increase from Thursday .
There were about 2,000 tickets available on the resale market as of Thursday night , according to TickPick . Fans from Pennsylvania accounted for 16.75 percent of the sales so far , followed by Massachusetts ( 14.5 ) , Minnesota ( 11.5 ) and New Jersey ( 7.5 ) .
The New England Patriots are looking for a sixth title on Sunday when they face the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl LII . That would tie the Pittsburgh Steelers for most Super Bowl wins .
Scroll for more content ...
Have n't bought your ticket yet ? The cheapest ones left cost nearly $ 3,000 , according to StubHub .
Tickets on the site were up 31 % compared to the cost of last year 's Super Bowl two days out .
The average cost of attendance for Sunday 's game is also up over last year from $ 3,967 to $ 5,309 on StubHub .
This year 's tickets are the second most expensive ever . Only tickets to Super Bowl XLIX in 2015 cost more . That year the average was an astronomical $ 9,500 . But prices were out of whack because rampant ticket speculation by resellers inflated prices .
Related : If there are protests , NBC will show kneeling players
The increased prices are n't unique to StubHub . It 's expensive on other sites that list resale prices .
On TicketIQ , the cheapest ticket costs $ 3,210 . TicketCity had seats available in the uppermost level for $ 2,814 .
These prices will likely fall as the game gets closer .
The exuberant Watoto Children 's Choir had their audience up off their seats clapping and dancing and singing along during their Tuesday , May 29 , performance at the Five Corners Pentecostal Church . The show , featuring songs from the choir 's latest album , Signs & Wonders , was both energizing and educational , with videos shown in between musical numbers about the Watoto Child Care Ministries and the Watoto Village , which currently cares for approximately 3,000 orphaned and vulnerable children in Uganda . The Watoto Children 's Choir plays Revelstoke tonight , May 30 , 7 p.m. at the Baptist Church . They 're at Vernon 's The Landing Church at 7 p.m. on June 1 , and the East Hill Community Church at 6:30 p.m. on June 3 . At 10 a.m. on June 3 , the choir plays the Evangel Church in Kelowna . For more information about Watoto , including concert dates , visit watoto.com ( Lachlan Labere/Salmon Arm Observer )
@ SalmonArm
lachlan @ saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Skip to the next and previous photo by typing j/k or ←/→ .
The exuberant Watoto Children 's Choir had their audience up off their seats clapping and dancing and singing along during their Tuesday , May 29 , performance at the Five Corners Pentecostal Church . ( Lachlan Labere/Salmon Arm Observer )
CREATE SHARE INSPIRE
Share your best work and inspire our worldwide creative audience . Curated work will be featured and promoted on our social media channels !
Former Facebook executive Chamath Palihapitiya feels 'tremendous guilt ' for helping build Facebook into one tool he says is 'ripping apart the social fabric of how society works '
Published 2:29 PM , December 12 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – As the discussion grows regarding foreign actors potentially influencing the outcome of the US elections in the US using Facebook posts and ads , and the weaponization of the Internet for propaganda around the world , there is growing concern that social media is starting to change how the world works , but not for the better .
Chamath Palihapitiya , Former Facebook VP for User Growth , is one of those who says he feels `` tremendous guilt '' for helping to build up Facebook due to how it and other forms of social media have changed the prevailing culture and societal fabric .
The Verge reports that Palihapitiya , founder and CEO of venture capital organization Social Capital , spoke last month at the Stanford Graduate School of Business .
During the discussion , he said , `` I think we have created tools that are ripping apart the social fabric of how society works . '' He also recommended social media users take a `` hard break '' from Facebook and its ilk .
“ The short-term , dopamine-driven feedback loops we 've created are destroying how society works , ” he added , saying society was growing more focused on hearts , likes , and thumbs-ups .
Palihapitiya went on to explain some of the pervasive toxicity that 's occurred . `` No civil discourse , no cooperation ; misinformation , mistruth . And it 's not an American problem – this is not about Russians ads . This is a global problem , ” he said .
He also recounted the story of how fake messages on Whatsapp led people in India to lynch 7 alleged kidnappers .
`` Imagine taking that to the extreme , where bad actors can now manipulate large swaths of people to do anything you want . It 's just a really , really bad state of affairs , ” Palihapitiya said .
While Palihapitiya does go on to say that Facebook as a company `` overwhelmingly does good in the world , '' he is one of a number of former Facebook employees – including early investor Sean Parker and former Facebook product manager Antonio Garcia-Martinez – who have grown worried about and spoken against the power of social media in today 's age . – Rappler.com
MEXICO CITY Mexico 's cash-strapped construction company ICA ( ICA.MX ) said on Monday that it posted a net profit of 827 million Mexican pesos ( US $ 43.82 million ) in the fourth quarter of 2016 , compared with a 16.5 billion peso loss in the fourth quarter of 2015 .
ICA , which is struggling under a high dollar-denominated debt load , said it was still focused on restructuring its debt and was preparing to negotiate with its creditors .
Net profit was boosted by a 43 percent increase in sales in the fourth quarter to 5.82 billion pesos .
Total consolidated debt eased 1 percent to 66.8 billion pesos at the end of December 2016 after the company paid off loans to Santander , Deutsche Bank , Barclays and Value that were backed by shares of airport operator Grupo Aeroportuario Del Centro Norte ( OMA ) , ICA said .
( Reporting by Anthony Esposito )
A 92-year-old woman accused of fatally shooting her 72-year-old son over his plans to put her in an assisted living facility has been arrested on suspicion of murder , police said on Tuesday .
Anna Mae Blessing was taken into custody on Monday at the suburban Phoenix , Arizona , home she shared with her son and was being held in lieu of $ 500,000 ( €430,000 ) bail , court officials said .
She did not enter a plea during a brief initial court appearance and it was not immediately clear if she had retained an attorney .
Ms Blessing told detectives following her arrest that she hid two handguns in the pockets of her robe and confronted her son in his bedroom , striking him with multiple rounds , the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office said in a written statement .
The suspect told investigators she tried to point the guns at her son 's 57-year-old girlfriend but the woman was able to wrestle the weapons away , according to the sheriff 's office .
Ms Blessing was sitting in a reclining chair in her bedroom when she was taken into custody , after she refused to leave the house , according to court records .
She told detectives she had confronted her son over his intentions to put her in the care facility because , he had said , she was difficult to live with .
Ms Blessing also told detectives that she should be “ put to sleep ” for her actions and had intended to kill herself following the incident .
Ms Blessing said she purchased one of the weapons and the other one had been given to her deceased husband but that neither weapon had been fired since the 1970s .
Police said they had visited the residence before , following a verbal altercation between Ms Blessing and her son . – Reuters
Psychiatric reports on Colorado theater shooter made public
DENVER ( AP ) — A judge has ordered the release of psychiatric evaluations of James Holmes , the gunman who killed 12 people in a Colorado movie theater in 2012 .
The Denver Post reported Tuesday the evaluations were released last week at the newspaper 's request .
The documents cover some of the same ground as testimony by three psychiatrists during Holmes ' trial . He was convicted of murder and sentenced to life without parole .
The documents include reports by two psychiatrists who examined Holmes after the shootings . Both concluded he was mentally ill at the time of the attack but did n't meet Colorado 's standard of insanity because he knew his actions were wrong .
The papers also include notes by a University of Colorado psychiatrist who briefly treated Holmes before the shootings , when he was a graduate student at the school .
Hundreds of young scientific minds have made their way to Biloxi .
Jonathan Brannan gives us a look inside this year 's Regional Science and Engineering fair at the Coast Convention Center
WASHINGTON , April 20 The U.S. Federal Reserve on Thursday fined Deutsche Bank AG $ 156.6 million for violating foreign exchange rules and running afoul of the Volcker Rule .
The German bank failed to detect and halt its traders from using chat rooms to communicate with competitors , the Fed said in a news release .
Central bank officials are `` requiring the firm to cooperate in any investigation of the individuals involved in the conduct underlying the FX enforcement , '' according to the statement .
Separately , the Fed said it found gaps in Deutsche Bank compliance with the Volcker Rule that prohibits government-protected banks from engaging in proprietary trading . ( Reporting By Patrick Rucker ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis )
US allows ZTE to resume some business
Photo : Ng Han Guan , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 A man pushes a piece of luggage past a mural depicting air travel and a prosperous city in Beijing , China , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Barring a last-minute breakthrough , the Trump administration on Friday will start imposing tariffs on $ 34 billion in Chinese imports . And China will promptly strike back with tariffs on an equal amount of U.S. exports . less A man pushes a piece of luggage past a mural depicting air travel and a prosperous city in Beijing , China , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Barring a last-minute breakthrough , the Trump administration on Friday will ... more Photo : Ng Han Guan , AP US allows ZTE to resume some business 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — U.S. authorities are allowing China 's ZTE Corp. to resume some business with American companies , temporarily easing part of a ban imposed over the tech giant 's exports to Iran and North Korea .
The Commerce Department 's order this week follows a settlement under which ZTE agreed to pay a $ 1 billion fine , replace its executive team and hire U.S. compliance officers .
ZTE will be allowed to conduct business with American companies to maintain existing telecom networks and mobile phones and to support security features , according to the order by the department 's Bureau of Industry and Security . That permission lasts through Aug. 1 .
The company headquartered in the southern city of Shenzhen suspended most operations after it was banned in April from buying U.S. components and technology .
ZTE pleaded guilty in March 2017 and agreed to pay a $ 1.19 billion penalties for having shipped equipment to Iran and North Korea in violation of U.S. regulations . The company promised to discipline employees involved in the scheme , but the Commerce Department said this week they were paid bonuses instead .
The company had been paying American suppliers an estimated $ 1.8 billion annually .
CARACAS , April 28 Venezuela has promoted Jose Pereira to interim president of Citgo , the U.S. refining and marketing unit of the nation 's state oil company PDVSA , the government said in its Official Gazette on Friday .
Pereira , who was formerly Citgo 's vice president of finance , replaces Nelson Martinez , who was named Venezuela 's oil minister in January .
Citgo owns three refineries and a network of terminals and pipelines in the United States .
PDVSA 's use of Citgo assets to guarantee financial transactions , including a 2016 bond swap and a loan from Russian oil company Rosneft , has generated controversy both in Venezuela and in the United States .
Since last year , Citgo has increased the supply of crude and fuel to PDVSA through its Citgo LDC Supply International subsidiary , helping Venezuela get the fuel it needs amid low output at its domestic refining network .
Critics of President Nicolas Maduro say his government is pawning state assets without the permission of the legislature . A group of U.S. senators expressed concern this month that the Rosneft operation with Citgo might help Russia gain ownership over energy infrastructure in the United States .
Venezuelan officials have defended the operation as transparent and legal . ( Reporting by Corina Pons ; Writing by Brian Ellsworth ; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn )
DUBAI , April 12 The order books for Saudi Arabia 's debut U.S. dollar-denominated sukuk have reached about $ 25 billion , sources familiar with the matter said on Wednesday .
The dual-tranche sukuk , with maturities of five and 10 years , is set to be the largest ever Islamic bond , beating a $ 4 billion sukuk issued by Qatar in 2012 . Books will close later on Wednesday , a document issued by one of the banks leading the deal showed .
Initial price guidance , released on Tuesday , put the senior unsecured Islamic bonds in the 115 bps over mid-swaps area for the five-year tranche and 155 bps over mid-swaps area for the 10-year tranche . ( Reporting by Davide Barbuscia , editing by Louise Heavens )
Comedian Billy Eichner announced on Thursday that he has teamed up with the film company Funny or Die for an initiative called “ Glam Up the Midterms , ” intended to encourage millennials to participate in the 2018 midterm elections .
“ I have teamed up with my friends at Funny or Die , the company run by Will Ferrell and Adam McKay , to raise awareness of the midterm elections and help register voters all across the country , ” Eichner said on Jimmy Kimmel Live , adding that just 12 percent of millennials voted in the 2014 midterm elections .
“ So we 've made this video to launch the campaign , we have pinpointed specific districts where there are going to be very hotly contested all over the country , ” he continued . “ We 're going to go to specific districts across the country , educating people there , particularly young people who may have never registered before . ”
“ We 're gon na turn the midterms into the hottest , sexiest event of the entire year , ” he added .
Eichner has recruited a number of celebrities to participate in the project , including Kimmel , John Oliver , Conan O'Brien , Sarah Silverman , Chelsea Handler , and James Corden — all of whom have been critical of President Donald Trump 's agenda and Republican lawmakers . The collection of liberal comics appears in a “ Glam Up the Midterms ” video encouraging young people to register to vote .
Although viewers are not specifically encouraged to vote a particular way , nearly all of the project 's participants have been openly opposed to Trump and his political agenda . Eichner himself has been a vocal critic of Trump , describing the president last October as a “ lying piece of shit . ”
“ I hate Donald Trump so much , that lying piece of sh * t , ” he said on Stephen Colbert 's Late Show last year . “ I am sick of Donald Trump , I am sick of everyone that associates with him , and today is just the beginning , ”
Traditionally , millennials tend to vote Democrat rather than Republican , although a recent NBC poll conducted last September found that the Democratic Party should not take the young vote for granted . A large proportion claimed that neither political represents their best interests .
Follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ ben_kew , or email him at bkew @ breitbart.com .
The B.C . government is offering emergency grants of $ 1,500 for eligible small businesses affected by wildfires in the B.C . Interior .
Forests Minister Doug Donaldson announced Monday the grants will be administered through the Red Cross , which has also distributed $ 600 payments to individuals and families forced from their homes by fires . The grants will also be available to aboriginal communities and non-profits affected by fires and highway closures .
Businesses and organizations along Highway 20 , evacuation areas on Highway 97 south of Prince George , Highway 26 to Barkerville and the eastern Cariboo Regional District communities of Horsefly and Likely .
The eligibility will be reviewed and adjusted as conditions change , but the government wants to get the program going as soon as possible , Donaldson said .
Applications are open today and online application forms are available here . Information on the program and links are also available at www.redcross.ca and the Red Cross has a small business phone helpline at 1-855-999-3345 . Phone service is available Monday to Friday between 6 a.m. and 5 p.m .
Eligible organizations are those with 50 employers or fewer , have a income of $ 250,000 per year , have been in operation on or before July 7 , 2017 and have resumed operations or are intending to restart as soon as possible .
“ We know that hundreds of small businesses in rural B.C . have been adversely impacted by wildfire activity and this initial support is designed to give these businesses some assistance as they resume operations again , ” said Jobs Minister Bruce Ralston .
Rain across some of the fire-affected regions helped slow down fires , but B.C . Wildfire Service spokesman Kevin Skrepnek said they were showers and the effect is temporary .
“ We 're likely going to see conditions rebound pretty quickly here , ” Skrepnek said .
Dr. Bonnie Henry of the B.C . Centre for Disease Control said that the smoke that has hung over some communities for the past month has led to an increase in medical visits from people with chronic respiratory conditions , it is not expected to have long-term impacts .
“ We still consider even the month to be relatively short term exposure , ” Henry said . “ We do n't expect long-term health effects as you would see with long-term exposure to air pollution like you would see in a city like Beijing . ”
The latest estimate in area burned by the more than 1,000 wildfires reported since April 1 is 7,290 square kilometres , an area more than twice the size of Metro Vancouver . By that measure it is the second largest fire season on record for B.C. , with more than 8,500 square kilometres burned in 1958 .
Costs to date are $ 292 million , with 4,000 people working on the fire control effort .
Skrepnek said many seasonal firefighters and support workers are preparing to return to school or work after the Labour Day weekend , and plans are underway to replace them if necessary . Fire department dispatchers and military personnel are being recruited , he said .
Guardrails across the country are still being replaced , but one Tennessee dad who lost his daughter to one said it 's not happening fast enough .
Scroll for more content ...
He 's digging into his own pocket to get a message straight to Pres . Trump .
17-year-old Hannah Eimers of Loudon County loved photography . She was one of 10 children , six adopted .
On Nov. 1 , 2016 , she was traveling on a Tennessee highway when she hit a guardrail that speared through her car and killed her .
`` There was a girl in that car with her , '' said her father Stephen Eimers . `` My daughter was dead right there , and this girl walked away with barely a scratch . ''
Eimers has been fighting for his daughter . He appeared in front of the House Transporation Committee , pushing for the removal of the X-LITE guardrails by Lindsay Corporation . He headed to Washington , D.C. with a letter to the Federal Highway Administration , hoping for a national recall .
Now , he 's taking his biggest step yet .
`` Pres . Trump , your concerns about guardrail spearing are legitimate , '' said Eimers in a new ad he shot .
Eimers rounded up Hannah 's friends from a video production class to create the ad . It 's intended to air during the year 's biggest sports event , The Super Bowl .
`` The idea of doing a Super Bowl ad popped into my head , and I knew I could n't afford four million dollars , '' said Eimers . `` I started looking at my options . ''
Eimers came up with this : For just a thousand dollars of his own money , he could get his 30-second ad on WPTV , the NBC affiliate out of West Palm Beach .
He figured it might be the best way to reach Pres.Trump if he 's watching from Mar-a-Lago .
Eimers hopes reaching the president will go toward the Federal Highway Administration removing X-LITE 's safety eligibility status .
`` There 's nothing I can do , '' said Eimers . `` Hannah 's gone . This is about somebody else 's son or daughter . I believe in the inherent transcendent value of life , making sure no other family has to share in this horrific grief . This is about me doing the right thing . ''
Lindsay Transporation Solutions sent a message to News4 saying :
`` Lindsay Transportation Solutions builds road safety equipment that reduces risks for drivers on America 's roads . Lindsay proactively offers a variety of training resources to help states and contractors with proper hardware installation and maintenance , such as road safety tours , a mobile app available in four languages , and onsite training . While X-LITE has successfully passed crash and safety tests in accordance with Federal standards , there is no road safety equipment that can prevent injury every time a driver fails to stay on the road . When properly installed and maintained , roadside hardware like X-LITE will reduce the number and severity of injuries sustained in car accidents . Lindsay continues to work collaboratively with road safety stakeholders on national initiatives to enhance safety on America 's roadways . ''
A representative for the TN Department of Transportation told News4 they are in the process of replacing over 1,900 X-LITE guardrails in the state .
The work is scheduled to be completed in June .
AUSTIN , Texas , April 5 The last time a U.S. state tried to execute two inmates on the same day , a poorly secured intravenous tube popped out , lethal injection chemicals sprayed in the death chamber and staff said the pressure of dual executions exposed flaws in the protocol .
That scenario in 2014 in Oklahoma , where executions are now on hold , has not stopped Arkansas from pursuing an unprecedented plan to put eight inmates to death in back-to-back lethal injections on four days this month .
Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson defends the urgency in his state , which has not held an execution in 12 years . The Republican governor said Arkansas must act quickly because one of the chemicals in its difficult-to-obtain lethal injection mix , the sedative midazolam , expires at the end of April .
Several former supervisors of state prisons across the country derided Arkansas ' move as reckless . In interviews with Reuters , they said the accelerated schedule will heighten the risk of errors and the psychological toll on prison staff .
`` Arkansas is stepping into an arena of deliberate indifference , '' said Frank Thompson , who oversaw two executions as superintendent of the Oregon State Penitentiary from 1994 to 1998 . `` It increases the likelihood that mistakes will be made . ''
Most U.S. death penalty states abandoned holding multiple executions on the same day about two decades ago , in part because of the additional strain that put on victims ' families , inmates and prison staff , experts said .
Nearly two dozen former corrections officials and administrators wrote to Hutchinson in late March urging him to abandon the plan . They said `` a state 's interest in justice and finality are not served by a botched execution . ''
The eight inmates scheduled to die over an 11-day period this month have filed a lawsuit in federal court to halt their executions , arguing the state 's rush to the death chamber was irresponsible and unconstitutional .
Attorney General Leslie Rutledge , also a Republican , is prepared to fight in court to keep the executions on track .
`` Attorney General Rutledge supports the death penalty and believes it is past time for the victims ' families to see justice for the horrible murders of their loved ones , '' her office said in a statement .
DIMINISHED SIGNIFICANCE
Many victims ' families have endured a years-long emotional roller coaster waiting for the condemned murderers to die .
But some capital punishment experts wondered whether the pace of lethal injections planned in Arkansas might diminish their significance , making them feel more like procedure rather than catharsis if shared by people affected by different murders .
`` This diverts the focus from the victims and their families , '' said Robert Blecker , a professor at New York Law School and a death penalty advocate . `` This is a solemn ritual that we are doing . Its principal purpose is to reconnect the crime to the punishment . ''
After its botched dual execution , Oklahoma now wants to hold executions at least seven days apart , a state report said , in order to review protocols and allow staff to decompress .
Arkansas last carried out a double execution in 1999 . The state has not released details of its plans for the lethal injections set for April 17 , 20 , 24 and 27 at the Cummins Unit prison in Grady , a town of about 430 people .
Dual executions can go smoothly , said former Texas officials who took part in successful back-to-back lethal injections about 20 years ago .
Prison staff dispatched separate teams to help the victims ' family members through the evening , said Jim Willett , who served as warden from 1998 to 2001 at Texas Walls Unit , where the state 's executions are held .
Even though there were more than 100 executions during Willett 's time as warden , he said holding several in a short span did put a strain on him .
`` You have emotional stuff happening within you sometimes that you do n't realize , '' he said . `` It drags you down a little bit . ''
Allen Ault , a former commissioner of corrections departments in Georgia , Mississippi , and Colorado who oversaw several executions , said it is nearly impossible for prison staff to come away unscathed .
`` These are normal human beings that are going to be affected dramatically by killing people , '' he said . `` You ca n't get away from the psychological damage that it creates . To do eight of them is unimaginable . '' ( Reporting by Jon Herskovitz ; Additional reporting by Steve Barnes ; Editing by Colleen Jenkins and James Dalgleish )
April 3Chinese property developer Gemdale :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 7 yuan ( pre-tax ) per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
* Its unit will buy 51 percent stake in Ningbo-based real estate firm
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/dUkPza
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
The Pearson siblings are taking over Hollywood Game Night !
In this exclusive sneak peek at Tuesday 's episode of the Jane Lynch-hosted competition , This Is Us stars Sterling K. Brown , Justin Hartley and Chrissy Metz do their best to act out words associated with amusement parks in a game of charades .
The Big Three go up against Queer Eye for the Straight Guy 's Carson Kressley , The Profit 's Marcus Lemonis and comedian Bill Engvall — and they 're taking the competition very seriously .
“ We 're comin ' for ya ! ” Brown , 41 , tweeted Wednesday .
And Metz , 36 , issued a warning Friday : “ The Big Three ai n't nothin ' to mess with ! ”
The on-screen siblings will return regularly when This Is Us season 2 kicks off Sept. 26 . Mandy Moore — who plays mom to Brown , Hartley and Metz on the drama — has said that the opener will give fans more details about her TV husband Jack 's ( Milo Ventimiglia ) death .
“ That 's what we 've been told , ” Moore , 33 , revealed in a June interview with Larry King .
RELATED VIDEO : This Is Us ' Chrissy Metz on Finding Happiness After Years of Dieting and Depression
But Ventimiglia , 40 , wishes viewers would stop harping on his character 's passing .
“ The No . 1 comment I get is , ‘ Tell me how [ Jack ] died , ' which stung a little bit when I would first get that question , ” he told PEOPLE in June . “ I remember the first time it happened was the day after the finale and I was taking a meeting and I was walking across the studio lot and a guy said to me , ‘ Hey man , great show . … I was a little bummed , though . Last night , we could n't see how you died . ' ”
But the Emmy nominee reassure fans : “ When the answers come , you 'll be satisfied . ”
Hollywood Game Night airs Tuesdays ( 10 p.m . ET ) on NBC .
May 2 LHC Group Inc :
* LHC Group and Baptist announce joint venture to provide home health and hospice care
* Expects annualized revenue from the JV transaction of approximately $ 25 million
* Expects JV transaction will be slightly accretive to LHC Group 's 2017 earnings per share
* Co , Baptist sign definitive agreement to form new joint venture to enhance home health and hospice services in Tennessee and Mississippi Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
`` I have worked too hard in this life and this career to be whittled down to a sad , childless human . ''
— Jennifer Aniston , lamenting the perils of being shamed for not having children , to Vogue
Dee Ann Andretti , the wife of famed driver Mario Andretti and matriarch of one of the most prominent families in motorsports , has died . She was 76 .
Andretti died Tuesday , a few weeks after suffering a heart attack . Grandson Marco Andretti announced her death on social media , posting : `` RIP Grammy Andretti . You will be missed . '' The IndyCar Series later confirmed her death .
Mario Andretti and Dee Ann Hoch met while she was teaching English to the Italy-born Andretti in Nazareth , Pennsylvania . They were married a few months later , in November 1961 .
Dee Ann Andretti mostly stayed in the background and raised their three children while her husband became one of the world 's most successful race car drivers .
Rugby-Care believes flexible England can target World Cup
June 14 Scrumhalf Danny Care believes adopting a different style of play depending on the match situation , much as England did in the thrilling 38-34 win over Argentina in San Juan on Saturday , will increase the side 's chances of lifting the next World Cup .
Correction : Police Shooting-Maryland story
BALTIMORE ( AP ) — In a story July 2 about Baltimore police shooting a man on the medical campus of the University of Maryland , The Associated Press reported erroneously that police fatally wounded him . The man was shot June 28 , but survived . Also , police misspelled the names of the officers involved . They are Epifano Torres Jr. and Tankeisha Cokley .
A corrected version of the story is below :
Baltimore police name officers in shooting of man at clinic
Baltimore police have released the names of the officers involved in the shooting of a man at a mental health clinic
BALTIMORE ( AP ) — Baltimore police have released the names of the officers involved in the shooting of a man at a mental health clinic .
Spokesman T.J. Smith said Thursday that the officers shot the 27-year-old man after he charged them with a knife on the medical campus of the University of Maryland , Baltimore .
In a statement Monday , the department said the man is in stable condition .
The statement identifies the officers as Epifano Torres Jr. and Tankeisha Cokley . Torres has been on the force for six years and Cokley , five .
Smith said the man acted erratically and threw chairs in a waiting room . Smith said officers asked the man `` multiple times '' to drop the knife before he charged .
The races of those involved have not been released .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool and Manchester United have no chance of signing RB Leipzig striker Timo Werner - according to the player himself .
The 22-year-old is reported to be wanted by the Premier League giants due to his brilliant goalscoring form in the Bundesliga .
Werner has scored 17 goals in 35 appearances for Leipzig this season , on the back of netting 21 goals in 33 last terms .
He was also awarded the golden boot for the most goals at the Confederations Cup last year , as is expected to play a big role as Germany look to defend their World Cup title in Russia this summer .
That sparking form in front of goal has seen him linked with moves to Liverpool and United , with talkSPORT claiming Reds boss Jurgen Klopp is particularly keen .
They say Bayern Munich and Real Madrid have also cast their eye over the 22-year-old .
However , Werner has rubbished links with a move away from the club and insists he will is going nowhere this summer .
Speaking after Sunday 's 0-0 draw with his former side Stuttgart , the striker said : “ Next year , definitely , I will stay in Leipzig . ”
Werner still has four years to run on his RB Leipzig contract , which runs until 2022 .
Sorry keeps !
Mohamed Salah apologised to Watford goalkeeper Orestis Karnezis after firing four goals past him in Liverpool 's 5-0 victory .
Salah was in such clinical form that he felt compelled to say sorry to the Hornets stopper after his starring role at Anfield .
He was seen mouthing the apology to Karnezis at the final whistle .
The Egyptian 's record-breaking season shows no signs of slowing down as his tally put him in pole position for the Premier League 's golden boot .
His first hat-trick for the club took his haul to 36 for the campaign and his 28 in the top flight – four better than Tottenham 's injured Harry Kane – is the best in Europe 's big five leagues .
Not far behind is Roberto Firmino , who marked the best goalscoring season of his career with an exquisite backheel for his 23rd in all competitions against a Hornets side who presented little challenge as Liverpool bounced back from last weekend 's defeat at Old Trafford .
With Manchester United and Tottenham both involved in FA Cup action , Jurgen Klopp 's side moved back into third place , two points either side of their top-four rivals .
It was Salah who stole the show again with his opener after four minutes drawing comparisons with Barcelona 's Lionel Messi – and not for the first time .
The £38million summer signing exchanged passes with Sadio Mane before chasing down the ball in the penalty area and setting off on one of those driving , jinking runs which inevitably leaves defenders on their backside .
Miguel Britos was the unfortunate victim on this occasion , getting a worm 's eye view as Salah fired an angled shot past Orestis Karnezis to become the third Liverpool player to score at least 25 Premier League goals in a single season after Luis Suarez ( 2013-14 ) and Robbie Fowler ( 1995-96 and 1994-95 ) .
It was a goal so good it required a second look and many of Liverpool 's substitutes left their seats on the bench to view it on a pitchside monitor .
If that was good the goal which completed his hat-trick was even better and similarly Messi-esque .
Mane cut in from the right to feed the ball in and despite being surrounded by defenders and falling over Salah somehow managed to conjure a low shot inside the far post .
The middle goal of his treble two minutes before half-time was less individual and more team-orientated as the ever-improving £8million bargain-buy Andrew Robertson exchanged passes with Mane before sliding in a cross which Salah could not fail to convert .
Even at that stage it appeared the game was beyond the visitors , but Firmino made sure five minutes into the second half when he backheeled Salah 's near-post cross through his legs and inside the far post , eclipsing his previous career best of 22 for Hoffenheim in 2013-14 .
Roberto Pereya 's inswinging free-kick on to the top of the crossbar was Watford 's only moment of respite as the red tide continued to crash forward and with it , inevitably , came more Salah goals .
After completing his hat-trick with some penalty area trickery the Egyptian rifled home substitute Danny Ings ' rebounded shot to become the first Liverpool player since Suarez against Norwich in December 2013 to net four times in a single game .
( Reuters ) - Real Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane has delivered a remarkable trophy haul in his short spell in charge , yet he knows life in the Bernabeu dugout is never secure .
Zidane is set to agree a new deal at the club , according to Spanish media reports , but the French coach said on Saturday that he could be let go at any time whatever the length of contract he signs .
`` I know it will end at some point , but I am very happy at the moment , '' Zidane told a news conference .
`` A contract could be 10 years , or 20 , but I know where I am and what I must do .
`` Maybe in a year 's time , I might be gone . I will never argue with Madrid about this . I 'm very happy with their confidence in me . The objectives are always the same . We want to win all the games and titles possible . ''
Zidane is seventh coach in the last 10 years at Madrid , who are notoriously demanding of their managers .
Since being appointed in 2016 , the Frenchman has led the club to two Champions League trophies and last season 's La Liga title , as well as two UEFA Super Cups and one Club World Cup .
Zidane has the chance on Sunday to take a step towards another trophy , in the first leg of the Spanish Super Cup against rivals Barcelona at the Nou Camp .
The Frenchman confirmed striker Cristiano Ronaldo is fit to start , after he appeared from the bench against Manchester United on Tuesday as Madrid won the UEFA Super Cup in Skopje .
`` He is very good , he has had his holidays , '' said Zidane . `` He worked very hard physically during his break and he is ready to play now . But we will see the team tomorrow . ''
Like most teenagers , 15-year-old Keegan Bonds-Harmon loves spending time on social media . But he 's not on Instagram to post selfies . Instead , the high school student is uploading photos and videos in support of his business : Keegan 's Creatures .
The Providence , Rhode Island , native started his business at just 11 years old after he decided to take his love of drawing to the next level . After learning how to screen print , Bonds-Harmon transferred his conceptual designs — which mostly consist of monsters and creatures from his imagination — onto T-shirts . He then began selling them at local artist markets , independent stores and on Etsy .
“ I 'm making them myself from start to finish , ” Bonds-Harmon tells PEOPLE . “ It 's been very exciting and fun — both as a business and art venture . ”
And when it comes to coming up with his unique designs , the teen , who is a sophomore at The Metropolitan Regional Career and Technical Center in Providence , relies on his surroundings .
“ It 's always from random places , ” he says . “ I 'll see a chain-link fence or a flower or a pattern or color that I really enjoy , and I 'll figure out the visual language to express that . ”
He also draws inspiration from his school , The Met , which is an innovative career and technical school where students pursue their passions through internships and projects that make an impact in the community .
“ I was lucky enough to find The Met and get accepted , ” he says . “ I felt it was the perfect fit because of how individualized it was . So I 'm able to go to internships two days a week and it offers more of a community setting , which is important to me . They have been very supportive of my business and my artwork . I 'm thankful to be able to attend such an amazing school . ”
Bonds-Harmon recently won the Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship New England Regional Youth Entrepreneurship Challenge — and he 's now competing for the top prize in the Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship 's National Youth Entrepreneurship Challenge on Oct. 12 in N.Y.C . He 's also competing for an additional $ 2,500 prize through a video contest . ( Watch his video here . )
And he credits his determination in part to his community .
“ When I discovered the Providence art community , that really helped . Seeing people who are making things that are unique and interesting inspired me to get involved , ” he says .
“ And I think it 's just a general creative drive that a lot of artists and makers have , ” adds Bonds-Harmon , who wants to attend art school one day . “ For me , it just happened to take form in a business . ”
* MSF says it is being threatened by Libya coastguard
* Migration is dominating political agenda in Italy
* MSF refused to sign Rome 's Code of Conduct for NGOs
By Gavin Jones
ROME , Aug 12 ( Reuters ) - Doctors Without Borders ( MSF ) said on Saturday it was suspending its migrant rescues in the Mediterranean because it felt threatened by the Libyan coastguard and the Italian government 's policies have made its job harder .
The aid group 's decision is the latest development in mounting tensions between Rome and NGOs as migration dominates Italy 's political agenda ahead of elections early next year .
`` We are suspending our activities because now we feel that the threatening behaviour by the Libyan coastguard is very serious ... we can not put our colleagues in danger , '' the president of MSF 's Italian arm Loris De Filippi told Reuters .
Almost 600,000 migrants have arrived in Italy over the past four years , the vast majority setting sail from lawless Libya in flimsy vessels operated by people smugglers . More than 13,000 migrants have died trying to make the crossing .
Charity boats have played a growing role in rescues , picking up more than a third of all migrants brought ashore so far this year against less than one percent in 2014 .
However , Italy fears the groups are facilitating people smuggling and encouraging migrants to make the passage , and it has proposed a Code of Conduct governing how they operate .
Some groups , including MSF , have refused to sign the code .
They object to a requirement that Italian police officers be on their boats and that the boats must take migrants to a safe port themselves , rather than transferring them to other vessels to allow smaller boats to stay in the area for further rescues .
MSF operates one rescue ship in the Mediterranean , the Vox Prudence , currently docked in the Sicilian port of Catania .
In the last six weeks the number of migrant arrivals in Italy has slowed sharply and Rome has begun collaborating more closely with the Libyan coastguard , which De Filippi said was threatening the NGOs and preventing them from working .
He said the Libyan coastguard had demanded the NGOs should leave an area of hundreds of kilometres around its coast , whereas previously they had been allowed to conduct search and rescue operations as close as 11 nautical miles to the mainland .
`` Last year the coastguard fired 13 shots on our boat and that was in a situation that was much calmer than the present one , '' said De Filippi .
He said MSF would continue its collaboration with another aid group , SOS Mediterranee , which operates a rescue ship in the Mediterranean with MSF doctors on board .
De Filippi said the Rome government 's Code of Conduct for NGOs and its support for the Libyan coastguard showed it was now mixing the humanitarian goal of saving lives with `` a political and military intention '' of reducing arrivals .
A government spokesman was not immediately available to comment .
Last week Italy began a naval mission in Libyan waters to train and support its coastguard , despite opposition from factions in eastern Libya that oppose the U.N.-backed government based in Tripoli .
General Khalifa Haftar , a commander aligned with an Eastern-based parliament , told Italian daily Corriere della Sera on Saturday the presence of Italian military vessels in Libyan waters was unacceptable but he would not attack them . ( Editing by David Evans )
HOUSTON , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Weatherford International Plc on Friday reported a larger-than-expected fourth-quarter loss on $ 1.6 billion in charges , casting doubt among Wall Street analysts that the oilfield firm is turning around after years of losses .
The quarterly loss widened from a year earlier , despite a general upturn in demand for oilfield services that has benefited rivals . The weaker results could accelerate planned asset sales to pare its $ 7.5 billion debt pile .
Weatherford reported a fourth-quarter loss of 33 cents per share , excluding items , exceeding analysts ' expectations for a 21 cents per share loss , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S . Revenues for the quarter were $ 1.49 billion , up 6 percent from the same quarter last year but slightly below Wall Street forecasts .
Shares were off 9 percent at $ 3.68 in pre-market trade on Friday .
Debt-laden Weatherford has restructured and sold businesses in an effort to raise cash and revamp . The company last year appointed Mark McCollum , formerly chief financial officer for rival Halliburton Co , as its chief executive . In late December Weatherford sold off an U.S. oil well business to Schlumberger for $ 430 million .
“ Our fourth quarter results reflect a period of adjustment as we hit the reset button , ” McCollum said in a conference call . The company expects “ significant improvements ” in earnings in the first quarter of 2018 .
Still , analysts called Weatherford 's fourth quarter disappointing .
“ These results are bereft of redeeming qualities , ” investment firm Tudor Pickering Holt wrote in a research note . Researchers from Capital One Securities said “ it will likely be hard for investors to believe in the operational improvement story . ”
Global oil prices have rebounded to three-year highs , prompting a broad uptick in drilling activity and demand for oilfield services and equipment . That helped boost results at rivals Schlumberger and Halliburton last quarter and prompted those firms to offer an optimistic outlook for 2018 .
In late January , U.S. crude futures touched a high of $ 66.66 per barrel , a level not seen since December of 2014 .
Charges included some $ 934 million in asset impairments , $ 434 million in inventory writedown and a $ 230 million write-down on its Venezuelan receivables . ( Reporting by Liz Hampton ; Editing by David Gregorio )
( Updates prices , adds analyst comment and short interest data )
By Caroline Valetkevitch
NEW YORK , April 20 U.S. steel stocks rallied on Thursday as President Donald Trump began a probe into whether imports of foreign-made steel are a national security risk .
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said the investigation was a response to Chinese exports of steel reaching 26 percent of the U.S. market .
At a White House meeting that included executives of several U.S. steel companies , Trump signed a directive asking for a speedy probe under section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 . The law allows the president to impose restrictions on imports for reasons of national security .
The S & P 1500 steel indexes shot up 5.2 percent , its biggest daily percentage gain since Nov. 22 , as the rally accelerated after the midday signing of the executive order .
Steel shares had surged after the Nov. 8 U.S. election on optimism over increased infrastructure spending under Trump , but the steel index had been drifting lower since February .
Investors in recent months have begun to question how soon Trump 's pro-growth policies might be implemented , while steel analysts said declining iron ore prices and other factors have weighed on industry shares .
Shares of Steel Dynamics , which posted results late Wednesday , were up 6.8 percent , while Nucor , which reported early Thursday , rose 4.7 percent .
Shares of AK Steel jumped 8.6 percent while U.S. Steel rose 7.4 percent .
More stable iron ore prices and earnings might have also boosted the sector , though the Trump administration 's news likely served as a `` symbolic positive , '' said Phil Gibbs , equity research analyst , KeyBanc Capital Markets .
`` People took it to be a positive because ( while ) the last couple of trade cases maybe did n't go the side of U.S. producers , there still is some support from the government for this industry and ... the group had been a sizable underperformer through most of the last two months . ''
Over the long haul , China will remain a crucial factor in steel prices , he added .
Investors who had shorted the stocks also could have been covering their positions , Gibbs said .
Total global short interest in steel shares as of Wednesday was $ 8.1 billion , up $ 128 million , or 1.54 percent , over the prior 30 days , according to S3 Partners , a financial analytics firm .
The U.S. statute has been used to restrict imported oil , while former President George W. Bush attempted to slap tariffs on steel imports in 2002 under a different means , according to a research note from Height Securities . ( Reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch ; editing by Nick Zieminski and Richard Chang )
The DFA says its Aseana office 'shall be open to passport applications every Saturday , starting February 10 , 2018 , from 8 am to 5 pm '
Published 10:28 PM , February 02 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – The Department of Foreign Affairs ( DFA ) announced it is opening its office in Aseana Business Park , Parañaque City , for Saturday passport appointments starting February 10 .
In a public advisory issued Friday evening , February 2 , the DFA said that its Office of Consular Affairs ( OCA ) in Aseana `` shall be open to passport applications every Saturday , starting February 10 , 2018 , from 8 am to 5 pm . ''
The DFA said this will help them `` meet the huge demand for 10-year passports . ''
This initiative comes as the DFA draws flak for delays in processing passport applications . ( READ : Philippines probes sale of passport endorsements )
The OCA is found in Aseana Business Park , President Diosdado Macapagal Avenue corner Bradco Avenue , Barangay Tambo , Parañaque City .
Read the DFA 's full public advisory below :
DFA-OCA in ASEANA to Open on Saturdays
In our effort to meet the huge demand for 10-year passports , the Office of Consular Affairs in ASEANA shall be open to passport applications every Saturday , starting February 10 , 2018 , from 8 am to 5 pm .
Everyone is encouraged to make an appointment via the DFA 's Online Appointment System .
Strictly NO walk-in applicants shall be entertained .
NO Courtesy Lane facility shall be made available .
Other services such as Authentication and Consular Records are likewise NOT available .
However , non-passport services and courtesy lane facilities shall continue to be offered at all mall-based DFA Regional and Satellite offices every Saturday .
The passport application fee of P1,200.00 applies .
DFA-ASEANA 's new Saturday operations complement the Passport on Wheels , which has been launched on January 15 . The weekly Mobile Passport Service is also ongoing .
DFA will soon open additional 8 consular offices in key cities and provinces , and implement an e-payment system .
– Rappler.com
DURANGO , Colo. | Officials say a 24-year-old man is dead after being struck by lightning while he was mountain biking in southwest Colorado .
The Durango Herald reports ( http : //bit.ly/2w3nBIv ) the San Miguel Sheriff 's Office has identified the deceased man as John Daniel Huisjen of Durango .
According to a news release , Huisjen was mountain biking with his girlfriend during a lightning storm at a trail near the Lizard Head Wilderness , about 17 miles ( 27 kilometers ) south of Telluride . Officials say he was struck by lightning before he could make it to shelter .
A nearby off-duty Telluride emergency medical technician says he found Huisjen “ unresponsive , pulseless and breathless. ” His girlfriend was taken to a local hospital with non-life threatening injuries .
Information from : Durango Herald , http : //www.durangoherald.com
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall after report of Trump probe
BENGALURU , June 15 Gold edged up early on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session , as Asian stocks fell on a report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated for possible obstruction of justice . FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $ 1,263.70 per ounce by 0107 GMT . * U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.8 percent to $ 1,265.90 per ounce . * Spot gold hit a session low of $ 1,256.65 on Wednesda
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
A view from the bottom of the Nels Nelson Ski Jump May 23 . At the time the Meadows in the Sky Parkway was open to the Monashee viewpoint . As the snow melts they will be opening more of the road .
To have your photo featured on page 7 in the paper as well as on our website share with us on Facebook , tag us on Instagram or email it to editor @ revesltoketimesreview.com with a short description of the photo .
Billy Lambert is counting the days before he can talk to his nieces and nephews .
“ I am happy and I hope they are happy and I ca n't wait to talk to them and hopefully see them , ” Louise Turpin 's half-brother tells PEOPLE .
Last Thursday , the seven adult Turpin siblings were released from the Corona Regional Medical Center and are now living in an undisclosed rural home , ABC News reported .
“ I think them getting out will be good for their healing process , ” says Lambert . “ I think it is definitely a positive thing . I love the kids and ca n't wait to talk to them and see how they are doing . ”
Billy Lambert ( left ) is Louise Turpin 's half-brother ( right ) Inside Edition ; FREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP/Getty Images
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter .
Lambert says he is hoping to talk to his nieces and nephews in the next few weeks after he undergoes a background check and share new memories with them .
“ I feel like they are in a good spot , ” he adds . “ I feel like they have a lot more freedom now . It is a step in the right direction . ”
Lawyer Jack Osborn told ABC News that the seven adult Turpin siblings spent their first day out of the hospital picking citrus and later made themselves Mexican food and ice cream sundaes .
Osborn said the adult siblings will have their own bedding and their own closet space in their new home .
David Turpin , 56 , and Louise , 49 , were arrested on Jan. 14 after their 17-year-old daughter allegedly escaped out of one of the windows of their Perris , California , home , and called 911 using a disconnected cell phone she had found .
Authorities soon entered the house to find an allegedly horrendous scene of malnutrition and squalor and one of the children shackled to a bed .
Prosecutors allege the Turpin 's beat , strangled and starved their 13 children , who range in age from two to 29 .
Among other disturbing behavior , prosecutors say the Turpins , including parents and children , slept all day and were “ up all through the night , ” going to bed about 4 or 5 a.m .
The children were also allegedly forbidden to shower more than once a year and none had ever seen a dentist .
• For more compelling True Crime coverage , follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard
Terry Pierson-Pool/Getty Images
They have pleaded not guilty to all the charges .
The couple is charged with abuse , torture and false imprisonment and are currently being held on a $ 12 million bond each . They face life in prison if convicted .
During their stay at the Corona Regional Medical Center , the adult Turpin siblings learned how to play the guitar and even participate in a sing-a-long , CEO Mark Uffer previously told PEOPLE .
( Adds background )
By Dan Levine
SAN FRANCISCO , March 30 The U.S. Justice Department on Thursday appealed a ruling by a federal judge in Hawaii extending a suspension of President Donald Trump 's revised restrictions on travel from some Muslim-majority countries .
The appeal will be considered by the 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco , which last month upheld a suspension of Trump 's first travel order .
Trump signed the revised ban earlier this month in a bid to overcome legal problems with a January executive order that caused chaos at airports and sparked mass protests before a Washington judge stopped its enforcement in February .
Trump has said the travel ban is needed for national security .
U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson on Wednesday turned an earlier temporary restraining order into a preliminary injunction in a lawsuit brought by the state of Hawaii .
The case challenged Trump 's travel directive as unconstitutional religious discrimination . Hawaii and other opponents of the ban claim it is based on Trump 's election campaign promise of `` a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States . ''
`` The court will not crawl into a corner , pull the shutters closed , and pretend it has not seen what it has , '' Watson wrote on Wednesday .
The Justice Department on Thursday also asked a Seattle federal judge to suspend separate litigation filed by Washington state against Trump 's travel restrictions until after the 9th Circuit rules on the Hawaii appeal .
In addition , the Justice Department earlier this month appealed a ruling from a Maryland judge against Trump 's revised executive order . That case will be heard by the 4th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals in Virginia . ( Reporting by Dan Levine ; Editing by Richard Chang )
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
SANTA CLARA , Calif. ( AP ) — The San Francisco 49ers fired coach Chip Kelly and general manager Trent Baalke on Sunday in the latest overhaul for a franchise that has fallen from perennial Super Bowl contender to the bottom of the standings in three seasons .
Team CEO Jed York announced the moves just hours after the Niners ( 2-14 ) matched a franchise record for losses in a season by losing the finale to Seattle 25-23 .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“ Despite my feelings for Trent and Chip , I felt the decision to change our football leadership was absolutely necessary , ” York said in a statement . “ The performance of this team has not lived up to my expectations or those of our fans , and that is truly disappointing . We all expected to see this team progress and develop as the season went on , but unfortunately that did not happen . That is why now is the time to find a new direction for this team . ”
The team has been searching for success ever since cutting ties with Jim Harbaugh following an 8-8 record in 2014 . Harbaugh had led San Francisco to three straight trips to the NFC title game and one Super Bowl appearance from 2011-13 in the only stretch of success in the past 15 years for a franchise that has won five Super Bowls .
Jim Tomsula was fired after going 5-11 in 2015 and things only got worse under Kelly , whose once bright coaching star has dimmed after being fired by Philadelphia and San Francisco the past two years .
This marks the first time in nearly four decades that a team fired coaches in successive years after just one-year tenures . The only other time that happened since the 1970 merger came when San Francisco fired Monte Clark after the 1976 season and Ken Meyer the following year . The Niners then fired Pete McCulley midway through the 1978 season and interim coach Fred O'Connor after the year before hiring Bill Walsh to start a dynasty .
“ It 's frustrating we 're in this position again , ” left tackle Joe Staley said before the news became official . “ As a player you have to look at yourself first . What can I do next season to make sure we 're not in this position ? ”
Kelly entered the NFL as one of the most highly sought coaches after his success in college at Oregon . After winning 10 games in each of his first two seasons in Philadelphia in 2013-14 , Kelly was fired with a 6-9 record for the Eagles late last season .
He then lasted just one season with the Niners , raising more questions about whether his up-tempo , spread offense that was so successful at Oregon can work in the NFL .
He never had much of a chance at success with San Francisco with a roster that featured Blaine Gabbert and Colin Kaepernick as the top two quarterbacks and had no playmakers on the outside .
“ We do n't control the roster , so I think the one thing is our job as coaches is to create an environment where our players have an opportunity to be successful , and that 's what we have to do , ” Kelly said before getting the news in a meeting with York . “ I do n't look at , ‘ I wish I had this . I wish I had that . ' We were fortunate for the guys we had and we tried to coach them as hard as we could and as well as we could . ”
Baalke helped build the roster that made three straight trips to the NFC title game from 2011-13 and one Super Bowl appearance . But the team has had declining win totals the past three seasons , including a record 13-game losing streak this season .
“ While we experienced our share of success over the years , I am disappointed at where we are today , ” Baalke said in a statement .
The 49ers lost 13 straight games at one point this season and their only wins came against the Rams . San Francisco set franchise worsts for points , total yards and yards rushing allowed in a season and blew four double-digit leads in eight home games .
Now they will look for a fourth coach in four seasons .
“ When we lose like we did and have a season like we had , changes are made , or can be made , ” receiver Torrey Smith said . “ That 's from coaches to players . It 's all of us . We were all a part of the problem . That 's why our record is what it was . ”
Baalke originally joined the Niners as a scout in 2005 and quickly worked his way up to director of player personnel where he helped then-general manager Scot McCloughan put together many of the pieces of the team that would be one of the most talented in the league .
Baalke replaced McCloughan as the top front office executive shortly before the 2010 draft and came away from that with a load of talent led by Anthony Davis , Mike Iupati and NaVorro Bowman .
Baalke was given the title of general manager the following year when the Niners hired Harbaugh as coach and Baalke had another successful draft that featured All-Pro pass rusher Aldon Smith and Kaepernick with his first two picks .
The talent well went dry after that . Despite having 51 picks since 2012 , Baalke has not added an impact player in any of those five drafts as he frequently drafted players with injuries and stayed away from skill position players .
Since 2012 , Baalke has had 15 picks in the first three rounds and used just one — second-round running back Carlos Hyde in 2013 — on a quarterback , receiver or running back .
FLORHAM PARK , N.J. — The New York Jets ' social media department posted a graphic on Twitter on Friday of a sad-looking dog that resembles the Cleveland Browns ' logo wearing a cone around its neck — along with a Jets collar tag .
It also showed four dog biscuits — two of them broken — on the ground . The tweet included the word , `` Sit '' followed by # NYJvsCLE .
It was deleted about an hour after being posted . Someone might be in the doghouse because of it .
The message did n't exactly fit what coach Todd Bowles and his players have been saying all week — the 2-2 squad is `` not good enough to look past anybody . ''
MILAN May 3 Italian market watchdog Consob said it had fined ailing regional lender Banca Popolare di Vicenza 9.14 million euros ( $ 10 million ) due to the alleged misconduct of its top management between April 2011 and April 2015 .
Consob said in a statement the measures targeted the bank 's board and auditors in charge at the time , who would be banned from holding office in listed companies for a total of 76 months .
Popolare di Vicenza and rival Veneto Banca have requested state aid to avoid being wound down only a year after being rescued by state-sponsored , privately-funded bank bailout fund Atlante .
Small shareholders in both unlisted banks have seen their investment all but wiped out . Former top executives are under probe by magistrates for alleged market manipulation and obstruction of regulators .
`` Following an inspection between April 2014 and May 2015 , Consob ascertained that the bank violated rules over conduct towards clients , sale of products to the public and corporate information .
The misconduct appears to stem from decisions ... taken at the bank 's top echelons . '' ( $ 1 = 0.9161 euros ) ( Reporting by Valentina Za )
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share ( before tax ) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
April 13 Aphria Inc :
* Aphria records fifth consecutive quarter of profitability
* Quarterly earnings per share C $ 0.04
* Quarterly revenue C $ 5.119 million
* Aphria Inc - revenue for three months ended February 28 , 2017 was $ 5.12 million representing a 2 % decrease over prior quarter 's revenue of $ 5.23 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Who is helped by such coercive mandates ? Not women wanting to make their own decisions about health care . In effect , the mostly male legislature is patting them on the head and saying , `` There , there , do n't you worry your pretty little head about big decisions like this . We know what you need . ''
Richard
Doerflinger
The biggest news at the Golden Globes this year was not which television series won the most honors . It was Oprah Winfrey 's speech , saying of the `` brutally powerful men '' in Hollywood who have sexually harassed and abused women : `` Their time is up ! ''
It is easy to be cynical about Hollywood . And surely some who wore black to the ceremony , declaring solidarity with women victimized by the likes of producer Harvey Weinstein , knew what was going on and looked the other way for years -- until condemning sexual harassment became the fashionable issue of the day .
But we can all agree that such harassment and abuse must be opposed . The important questions are why it has become common , and what to do about it . On that score , both Hollywood and leading secular feminist groups have much to answer for . Both have endorsed the idea of sex as a game , a form of self-serving recreation . Some men have decided that if it 's a game , they want to make sure they are the winners .
The deeper question is not whether men or women should be more `` empowered '' in their relationships , but whether love between man and woman is about exerting power over another person at all . And if the diagnosis is wrong about that , the treatment will be only cosmetic -- or something far worse .
In the category of `` far worse '' is a proposal moving forward in my home state of Washington . Allegedly as a way of empowering women , the legislature would demand that health plans in the state that cover childbirth must include `` substantially equivalent coverage '' for abortion .
Common sense suggests that this does n't attack discrimination against women -- it attacks the conscience of any woman or man who sees a difference between a live baby and a dead one .
In fact , most major health insurers are happy to cover abortion -- for the simple and callous reason that it is cheaper for them than a live birth , as the latter generally makes them cover health care for a new dependent .
Moreover , low-income women already have complete abortion coverage through the state 's Medicaid program . And even women who have abortion coverage often pay cash for an abortion , as they do not want this procedure listed on any document others may see .
A woman already has a hard time finding a health plan that will not make her pay for other women 's abortions . Now the state would make it illegal to sell her such a plan .
Who is helped by such coercive mandates ? Not women wanting to make their own decisions about health care . In effect , the mostly male legislature is patting them on the head and saying , `` There , there , do n't you worry your pretty little head about big decisions like this . We know what you need . ''
As pro-life feminists have long known , the person who most benefits from readily available abortion is the irresponsible man . Once upon a time , men whose partners became pregnant were expected to offer marriage . Now many men think the height of honor is to offer to pay for an abortion .
If the woman refuses , that is her choice -- and her problem . With mandatory `` free '' abortion coverage , he need not even make that gesture . The state has provided , and he can abandon the woman without further ado .
And people wonder why Hugh Hefner 's Playboy Foundation has been so willing to donate to pro-abortion groups .
If mandates like this are approved , we can not say of predatory males that `` their time is up . '' Their time has arrived -- all wrapped up in the guise of `` empowering '' their victims .
Richard Doerflinger worked for 36 years in the Secretariat of Pro-Life Activities of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops . He writes from Washington state .
Comments
The George County Rebels baseball team has reeled off 11 wins in 12 games , occupying second-place in the Region 5-6A ranks with 1 win and 1 loss . Petal is the early leader , undefeated at 2 and 0 in the region standings .
Head coach Brandon Davis was a member of the 1997 George County state championship team . When he became a head coach , he guided Richton to three state titles .
Since taking over the Rebels baseball head coaching duties , Davis has George County consistently in the state title chase .
Davis said , `` A lot of experience coming back from last year . Six starters returning . So , that 's helped a lot . ''
Logan Tanner and Trevor McDonald are two of the six young men returning from 2017 . Both junior standouts are clutch players .
`` Just that experience being calm in that type of situation , game on the line , `` said Davis . `` They 've been there before so they understand it. ``
Tanner 's experience came to the forefront last week when he lifted a solo walk off home run to propel the Rebels past Jackson Academy 5 to 4 . He 's also the George County ace on the mound with a 0.00 earned run average . He 's also an outstanding catcher , as shown here , with an excellent throw to third base to tag out a runner on a possible steal .
Tanner said , `` Think I 've got pretty good velocity on the mound . I see the ball well at the plate . Got a little bit of power . ''
Jonathan Havard , Cameron Cotton , Cody McDoniel and Ethan Coleman have come up with timely hits for the George County Rebels .
George County has a home game against Oak Grove 7 p.m. Tuesday .
Copyright 2018 WLOX . All Rights Reserved .
Goods that are never delivered , upfront fees and bogus invoices are among the scams most likely to fool bank customers , according to NatWest .
The bank has revealed that nearly 7,000 customers have become the victims of fraudsters since the start of 2016 .
The lender , which under RBS chief executive Ross McEwan has been aiming to make itself a “ safer , simpler bank ” , says “ goods not received ” cases – when someone pays for items or services that are never delivered – were the most common scam .
These account for 2,073 cases seen by the bank – or about three in ten scams carried out against NatWest customers .
The lender said other hoaxes included “ advance fee fraud ” , where conmen ask customers for an advance or upfront payments for goods , services and/or financial gains that do not materialise .
There are also “ spoof payment requests ” , where people receive a bogus official request “ purporting to be from someone senior in a company or a client , for payment or drawdown of funds ” .
NatWest said business customers also continued to be defrauded for big sums via invoice fraud , when a firm receives an invoice that appears to be from a trusted trading partner but is actually fake .
Les Matheson , NatWest chief executive of personal and business banking , said : “ We know scammers can be convincing and they work round the clock to persuade their victims to part with money .
“ We have hundreds of people working 24/7 to detect and stop fraud , but it 's very important that , as individuals and businesses , we know how to protect ourselves . ”
These are the top five scams affecting NatWest customers
1 . Goods not received - the customers pays for goods or services but does not receive them from the seller .
2 . Advance fee fraud - Fraudsters ask for an advance or upfront payment for goods or services which fail to materialise .
3 . Spoof payment requests - Fraudulent requests , possibly purporting to be from a senior figure in a company or a client , for payment or drawdown of funds .
4 . Invoice fraud - An invoice appears to be from a trusted trading partner when it is not . The fraudster will say that their payment information has changed and the money should be paid into the new account .
5 . Holiday scam - A holiday is booked , usually online , but it later turns out that the holiday does not exist .
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON , June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week 's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon , she said on Wednesday .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Reality TV mega-mogul Kim Kardashian West wore a monochromatic black power suit to the White House to meet with President Trump on Wednesday evening .
Mrs. Kardashian West channeled First Lady Melania Trump in her all-black attire , adding a pop of color with a pair of bright yellow stilettos . Mrs. Trump often wears monochromatic looks with vibrant stilettos to add a touch of feminity .
The black suit worn by Mrs. Kardashian West is by French luxury house Vetements , a brand that 's become known for its irony-inspired style that often features a thousand dollar t-shirts made to look like cheap vintage bargain finds .
In a photo posted by President Trump , Mrs. Kardashian West can be seen standing behind the Oval Office desk , revealing the stitching on her pants ' crotch which reads “ VETEMENTS . ”
Here 's the off-the-runway Vetements power suit that Kim Kardashian West wore today to meet with President Trump at the White House . pic.twitter.com/Ot6wU5HaaO — John Binder 👽 ( @ JxhnBinder ) May 30 , 2018
Mrs. Trump often wears power suits at the White House , though her pants and jackets tend to be vastly more form fitting than Mrs. Kardashian West 's Vetements suit .
In her last public appearance , Mrs. Trump wore a Christian Dior double-breasted checkered suit to welcome home freed Americans who had been held captive in North Korea , Breitbart News noted .
Greece set to get cash to pay bills , but debt relief elusive
LUXEMBOURG Greece 's international lenders are expected to agree on Thursday to unblock as much as 8 billion euros in loans that Athens desperately needs to next month to pay its bills , but to leave the contentious issue of debt relief for later .
Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 3 Midday ' game
SACRAMENTO ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday afternoon 's drawing of the California Lottery 's `` Daily 3 Midday '' game were :
1-2-4
( one , two , four )
The White House has posted online the details of the Trump administration 's first official state dinner on Tuesday , revealing an elegant event featuring American cuisine with a French twist , fine wines , and a performance by the Washington National Opera .
First Lady Melania Trump is responsible for planning every detail of the event , placing a high priority on the traditions of the ceremonial dinner while breaking with her predecessors by taking on the task without the help of an event planner .
The White House announcement said :
The color scheme is cream and gold and the china settings consist of the Clinton china for the baseplate , along with both Bush ( 43 ) and Clinton china for the dinner service . The First Lady chose the Bush china with the green color palette to complement the spring green and white flowers that will be featured in the State Dining Room . Mrs. Trump has also selected pieces from the extensive Vermeil collection as well as American Silver from the White House Collection—from Tiffany & Co. and S. Kirk & Sons—to add to the décor in the State Dining Room . The Cross Hall will feature over 1,200 branches of cherry blossom , all grown in the United States . The State Dining Room will feature more than 2,500 stems of white sweet peas and nearly 1,000 stems of white lilac—both California and Dutch-grown mixed .
The posting also reveals that opera will be the entertainment for the evening — a sharp contrast with the President Barack Obama final state dinner , which featured lots of Hollywood celebrities , including Gwen Stefani , Chance the Rapper and Jerry Seinfeld .
The State Dining room seats up to 150 , while the Obamas entertained almost 400 guests in a tent erected on the White House South Lawn .
“ The menu will be a showcase of the best of America 's cuisines and traditions , with nuances of French influences prepared by the renowned White House Executive Chef , Christeta Comerford , ” the White House announced .
“ The first course celebrates the wondrous first harvest of spring , using greens from the White House kitchen garden , ” the announcement said .
The main course for the state dinner will be a rack of spring lamb and Carolina gold rice jambalaya , with the latter prepared in a “ New Orleans tradition and scented with the trinity of Cajun cooking—celery , peppers , and onions , and spiced with herbs from the South Lawn . ”
Ahead of the main course , the first course will feature goat cheese gateau , tomato jam , buttermilk biscuit crumbles , and young variegated lettuces .
The nectarine tart dessert will be infused with honey from the White House beehive , which along with the kitchen garden was put in place by Trump 's predecessor first lady Michelle Obama .
The wines being served — chosen to complement the menu — includes one born from a collaboration between the United States and France .
“ The Domaine Serene Chardonnay ‘ Evenstad Reserve ' 2015 is the product of American and French collaboration—a combination of French plants from Dijon that thrive in the volcanic Oregon soil and colder temperatures , ” the announcement said .
The Domaine Drouhin Pinot Noir “ Laurène ” 2014 that will be served is also from that collaboration and has a motto that reads “ French soul–Oregon soil . ”
Schramsberg Demi-Sec “ Crémant ” is a staple for such ceremonial dinners , according to the White House , and will be served with dessert because “ the subtle sweetness and creamy effervescence of the 2014 vintage is the perfect accompaniment for a nectarine tart . ”
On Tuesday morning , Trump and Melania , who speaks several languages including French , hosted a state arrival ceremony on the south lawn that included the traditional “ review of the troops . ”
But another tradition was not followed , the Associated Press reported .
President Donald Trump did not invite any Democratic lawmakers or journalists to the state dinner .
Follow Penny Starr on Twitter
Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock tried to buy tracer ammunition at a gun show in the Phoenix area in recent weeks , a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation tells CNN .
Paddock bought other ammunition at the show , but he could n't obtain the tracer ammunition — bullets with a pyrotechnic charge that , when the round is fired , leaves an illuminated trace of its path — because the vendor did n't have any to sell , the official said .
Paddock did not use tracer bullets when he fired into the crowd at the Route 91 Harvest Festival Sunday night from his suite on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel , hundreds of yards away , killing 58 people and injuring nearly 500 others .
The official explained that if Paddock had tracer ammunition , he could have had a more precise idea of where his shots were going in the darkness , and could have been more accurate .
Shooters wanting greater accuracy often mix tracer rounds with non-tracers — perhaps having one tracer every fifth round in a magazine , said Art Roderick , a CNN law enforcement analyst .
“ It allows you to keep your weapon on not necessarily a specific target , but a specific area . … There would have been a lot higher casualty rate if he had tracer rounds , ” said Roderick , a former assistant director of the US Marshals Service .
But tracer rounds also could have allowed police to see more quickly where Paddock was firing from , CNN law enforcement analyst James Gagliano said .
Without the tracer ammunition , Paddock 's location was difficult to determine from the outside , said Gagliano , a retired FBI supervisory special agent .
“ The barrel of the rifle — we could not see muzzle flashes , from the angles I 've seen on videos , which meant that he was … pulled back inside , ” Gagliano said .
At least 88 of the injured still were in Las Vegas-area hospitals on Friday morning , 37 of whom were in critical condition , representatives of the facilities said .
Did Paddock want to escape ?
Five days after the mass shooting , authorities still are trying to determine the motivation of the retired accountant , who had no criminal record and did not raise any flags while purchasing an arsenal of weapons .
In addition to the 23 weapons in his hotel suite , Paddock had more than 50 pounds of exploding targets and 1,600 rounds of ammunition in his car in the hotel parking lot , police said , fueling suspicion that he intended to survive the massacre .
“ He was doing everything possible to see how he could escape , ” Las Vegas Police Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said Thursday , declining to detail specifics .
Escape , in this case , might have meant using the equipment in the car for further assaults until he got caught , said John Sheahan , a former Las Vegas SWAT team member .
“ There 's one of three ways it 's going to end for an active shooter , and they pretty much all know this . You 're either going to commit suicide ; you 're going to … shoot it out with ( police ) and you 're going to be killed ; or you 're going to continue on a preplanned rampage at locations b , c , d and e until the police finally stop you , ” Sheahan said .
“ He rented the room in his own name . He 's already on video coming in and out . We know who he is . He 's going to be the most wanted man in the world if he does try to leave here , ” he added .
Authorities : Paddock acted alone
There was initial speculation that Paddock had outside help in perpetrating the shooting spree , but authorities now say there is nothing to suggest he had assistance .
Law enforcement officials briefed on the investigation told CNN they have seen no indication so far that Paddock had an accomplice or that anyone was aware of his attack planning .
Lombardo , the sheriff , had previously expressed skepticism that the gunman carried out his plan by himself .
“ Do you think this was all accomplished on his own ? You 've got to make the assumption he had to have some help at some point , ” he said .
As the investigation grinds on , Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department officers led the funeral of LVMPD officer Charleston Hartfield Thursday , who was among those gunned down at the Route 91 Harvest Festival country music event .
His body was escorted to Palm Downtown Mortuary and Cemetery , and a memorial was held for the slain police officer at Police Memorial Park in the northwest of the city — one of several vigils in Las Vegas on Thursday evening .
Gun debate continues
In the wake of the deadly attack , the Eastside Cannary Casino Gun Show that was expected to be held in Las Vegas this weekend has been canceled , David Strow of Boyd Gaming Corporation tells CNN .
“ This was a mutual decision with the show 's organizers , given recent events , it was the prudent thing to do , ” Strow said .
Twelve of the 23 firearms found in the hotel suite had bump stocks — legal accessories for semi-automatic rifles that allow a shooter to fire rounds more rapidly .
In the aftermath of Sunday 's shooting , pro-gun Republican lawmakers and the National Rifle Association , the powerful pro-gun lobby , have suggested supporting a review of bump stocks .
Politicians from both sides of the aisle and lobbyists are now saying the controversial devices , which sell for under $ 200 , should be subject to additional regulation .
US President Donald Trump is open to considering legislation that would ban bump stocks but wants to hear more information on the matter before making a final determination , the White House said Wednesday .
‘ Numbers ' found on note
Lombardo said a note with numbers written on it was found in Paddock 's room , according to the New York Times . Authorities are trying to analyze its meaning , but Lombardo did n't elaborate on whether they are significant or not .
“ Lombardo said that it contained numbers that were being analyzed for their relevance , and that it was not a manifesto or suicide note , ” the Times reported .
Paddock had rented rooms at other festivals
Before checking into the Mandalay Bay days before the massacre , Paddock rented a room at a Las Vegas condo complex that overlooked the September 22-24 Life is Beautiful music festival .
In addition , in August , a person named Stephen Paddock reserved a room at Chicago 's Blackstone Hotel during the city 's Lollapalooza music festival , said Wagstaff Worldwide , which represents the hotel .
But that person never checked into the hotel , which overlooked the festival , Wagstaff Worldwide spokeswoman Emmy Carragher said .
It was not immediately clear whether the Stephen Paddock who booked the room was the same Stephen Paddock behind the Las Vegas massacre .
The Chicago Tribune , citing an anonymous law enforcement source , reported that it was the shooter Stephen Paddock who booked the room at the Blackstone Hotel .
Hairdresser : Paddock spoke about girlfriend 's trip
Kallie Beig , who worked at the Great Clips in Mesquite , Paddock 's hometown , told CNN exclusively that she had cut Paddock 's hair at least three times over the past three years , and that every time he had come in , always early in the morning , he had smelled of strong liquor .
He would tell her that he 'd been up all night gambling , she said .
The last time she saw him was two months before Sunday 's tragedy , she said .
During his last visit , he told her he was planning on sending his girlfriend , Marilou Danley , to the Philippines and he was going to be alone . She did not discuss the trip with Danley personally .
“ The last time I saw him was probably only about two months ago… he came in and got his hair cut , and again , smelled of alcohol , and his girlfriend was with him… doing her own thing , and he was telling me about her leaving to go to the Philippines . ”
She said that the interaction was normal and did n't raise any red flags with her .
“ He was going to be home alone hanging out for a while by himself but it was n't anything weird , it was n't anything that seemed off . ”
In her statement released through her attorney , Matt Lombard , Danley said the trip was a surprise .
“ A little more than two weeks ago , Stephen told me he found a cheap ticket for me to the Philippines and that he wanted me to take a trip home to see my family , ” she said .
“ Like all Filipinos abroad , I was excited to go home and see family and friends . ”
Beig characterized their relationship as quite cold and distant — she said she did n't see them interacting in any sort of intimate way .
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website . If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it .
Amber Portwood is loving the ‘ Bu with her boo !
The Teen Mom OG star and her cinematographer boyfriend Andrew Glennon , who are expecting their first child together — a baby boy — traveled to Malibu , California , on Sunday , where they stayed overnight and woke up to waterfront views .
“ On our way to Malibu yesterday with my baby hard at work next to me🤗🤰 ” Portwood , 27 , captioned two side-by-side photos taken on the plane that were posted Monday .
In the left image , the duo each wears their glasses and is all smiles as they sit together on the aircraft ; in the second image , Glennon reads multiple pages of documents with a pencil in hand .
On our way to Malibu yesterday with my baby hard at work next to me🤗🤰 A post shared by Amber Leann Portwood ( @ realamberlportwood1__ ) on Dec 11 , 2017 at 9:28am PST
Shortly after she shared the snap of the pair , the MTV personality posted a photo of the couple laying beside each other on Monday morning . From their bed , the couple overlooked stunning ocean views that could be seen through their bedroom 's floor-to-ceiling glass windows and doors .
“ Good Morning loves ! Wanted to share the beautiful view with everyone🤗 ” wrote Portwood , who shares 8-year-old daughter Leah with ex Gary Shirley .
Good Morning loves ! Wanted to share the beautiful view with everyone🤗 A post shared by Amber Leann Portwood ( @ realamberlportwood1__ ) on Dec 11 , 2017 at 9:53am PST
Days after PEOPLE confirmed in early November that Portwood is pregnant with her second child , the reality star tweeted her thanks to her followers for their supportive responses .
“ Thank you everyone for all the kind words , ” she tweeted . “ I 'm very excited about my future with Andrew and our little family we are starting together ! Love . ”
More than a month later , Portwood revealed the exciting news Dec. 8 that she will be welcoming a son with Glennon , whom she reportedly met while filming Marriage Boot Camp with her ex-fiancé Matt Baier .
“ Little baby Glennon is on his way , ” she wrote on Instagram , captioning an image of a Christmas ornament with the inscription “ It 's A Boy ! ” written on it .
Teen Mom OG airs Mondays ( 9 p.m . ET ) on MTV .
COLUMBUS — A high-profile proponent of marijuana legalization who was spurned as an applicant for a medical marijuana grower 's license announced plans on Monday for a 2018 Ohio ballot issue to legalize the sale and possession of marijuana .
The proposal from Green Light Acquisitions would make growing , processing , possessing , selling and using marijuana legal . The measure was announced by Jimmy Gould , CEO of CannAscend , whose grower 's proposal was rejected by the Ohio Department of Commerce last month .
Gould said the Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol amendment will be on the ballot next fall . The amendment also would legalize the growing of hemp .
“ We will put together the best amendment that we think will pass and does the most good for Ohioans , ” Gould said .
Gould raised and spent millions of dollars as a backer of the unsuccessful 2015 effort to legalize marijuana in Ohio . In recent days he has criticized the Department of Commerce for hiring a consultant with a drug conviction to help select Ohio 's medical marijuana growers .
Gould said Monday the selection system was flawed by incompetence and favoritism . He suggested problems with a second consultant involved in the medical marijuana program . He also alleged someone at the Department of Commerce was looking for a job with the applicants for growers ' licenses .
Commerce spokeswoman Kerry Francis denied those allegations Monday . Consultants hired by the state to help score growers ' applications had limited influence on overall selections , and were n't aware of the identity of applicants they reviewed .
She said applicants denied a grower 's license can appeal .
“ We have confidence that we had a blind and impartial process , ” Francis said .
Gould 's criticism — picked up by some lawmakers and several candidates running for governor — focuses on the 2005 guilty plea in Pennsylvania by consultant Trevor Bozeman at age 20 to charges of manufacturing , possessing and distributing drugs . A marijuana possession charge was dropped .
Bozeman was one of three consultants Ohio selected to help grade the grower applications . The consultants worked with state employees to select the growers . Bozeman has not returned phone and email messages .
Last month , Ohio selected 12 large growers for a total of 24 licenses .
The state will use the consultants next to help score applicants for the medical marijuana processors .
Ohio 's medical marijuana law , passed last year , allows people with medical conditions such as cancer and epilepsy to buy and use marijuana if a doctor recommends it . It does n't allow smoking .
___
Andrew Welsh-Huggins can be reached on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/awhcolumbus .
At the first glance , the Pittsburgh Steelers appear to have no immediate roster needs ahead of the 2018 season . With the free agent signings of Jon Bostic and Morgan Burnett , the front office has already replaced key starters at linebacker and safety this offseason . While a significant number of teams will be forced to overdraft players at key positions , Pittsburgh should be able to follow a philosophy of the best player available .
However , even though the team has no obvious needs , that does not mean they will not have some glaring holes to fill in the coming years . If you listened to Kevin Colbert speak at the Steelers pre-draft press conference on Monday , you would have heard him talk about how the team plans for future seasons . A philosophy that will impact the team 's decision making during the 2018 draft , as Colbert told reporters .
“ We 're all guilty of focusing on one year . 2018 is what we 're focused on , but we 're never going to lose sight of 2019 and beyond because when you do that , you will end up in a rut that you may not get out of . . . We want to be able to compete for championships every year . 2018 's most important , but we will never lose focus on 19 and beyond while trying to be champions next year . ”
If Pittsburgh is to avoid falling into the rut Colbert mentions , the Steelers will need to address at least a few of the pressing concerns that could become an issue down the road . With just 26 players under contract beyond 2018 , Pittsburgh will potentially see several significant names hit free agency next season .
A long-term deal might yet be achieved with running back Le'Veon Bell , but few of the other 47 impending free agents for 2019 are expected to sign extensions this offseason .
Regardless of the addition of Bostic , inside linebacker is clearly a major need for the team going forward , closely followed by wide receiver . Antonio Brown and JuJu Smith-Schuster are the only two wideouts under contract beyond this season .
Ramon Foster is the first from a veteran group of offensive lineman to reach the end of his deal , however , Maurkice Pouncey and Marcus Gilbert are not too far behind with their contracts expiring a year later . Depth along the defensive line could soon be lacking too , with only the starting trio of Stephon Tuitt , Cam Heyward and Javon Hargrave under contract beyond this season .
While not among the obvious picks mocked to see the Steelers by the experts this offseason , a first-round selection on an offensive lineman , a receiver , or even along the defensive line should not be discounted if a top talent is available . A high pick before the end of Day 3 seems quite likely for at least one of these groups . They may not be positions of immediate need , but they soon will be .
CALGARY , Alberta ( AP ) — An airline pilot is facing charges in Canada after police say he was found by his co-pilot passed out in the cockpit of a Boeing 737 before it was set to take off .
Calgary police say the gate crew as well as crewmembers on the aircraft indicated that Miroslav Gronych was behaving strangely ahead of his scheduled flight Saturday . Sgt . Paul Stacey says the co-pilot later found the 37-year-old captain “ slumped over in the seat ” of the airliner .
The pilot was escorted from the plane and charged with having a blood-alcohol level above .08 and controlling an aircraft while impaired . Police allege Gronych had three times the legal amount of alcohol in his system .
Sunwing Airlines calls it “ a very unfortunate matter . ”
The Mexico-bound plane later took off with another pilot .
BRIEF-Ninestar says stakes in three tech firms have been transferred to co
* Says 51 percent stake in three tech firms have been transferred to co respectively
OTTAWA — One of the Liberal government 's most influential economic advisers says Canada 's defence industry will be critical to sparking innovation and ensuring the country 's prosperity over the long term .
Dominic Barton , the chair of Finance Minister Bill Morneau 's growth council , says the defence sector supports 60,000 high-paying jobs in Canada and accounts for a significant percentage of Canada 's exports to other countries .
And there is room for growth , he says , given mounting instability in different parts of the world and commitments by not only Canada but many of its NATO allies to ramp up defence spending in the coming years .
But Canada 's own plans to dramatically increase defence spending has hit a snag : Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan says the Trudeau government fell $ 2.3 billion short of its plan to buy new military equipment last year .
April 28 ASML , Europe 's largest supplier to semiconductor manufacturers , said it filed patent infringement cases against Nikon in Japan related to semiconductor manufacturing equipment , flat panel display manufacturing equipment and digital cameras .
The suits were brought on its own and jointly with its strategic partner Zeiss .
Additional suits will be brought in the United States , ASML said .
Nikon said on Monday said it had started legal action against ASML and Carl Zeiss , saying the Dutch and Germany companies used its lithography technology without its permission . ( Reporting by Wout Vergauwen in Gdynia ; Editing by Adrian Croft )
Weird news stories from around the world… with a healthy dose of LASERS added in . Does it make sense ? No not really , but it does n't HAVE TO… it 's “ Laser Stories ” !
April 5 Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc
* OHR Pharmaceutical announces pricing of $ 14.175 million public offering of common stock and warrants
* Has priced a registered public offering at a price to public of $ 0.70 per share of common stock Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Live video from WLOX News is available on your computer , tablet and smartphone during all local newscasts . When WLOX News is not airing a live newscast , you will see replays of the most recent newscasts . Internet Explorer users please note compatibility mode may disable display of the live player , disable compatibility mode if you do not see player .
Mississippi Gov . Phil Bryant has declared a state of emergency in the six southern counties ahead of the threat of what is now Tropical Storm Nate . Bryant made the announcement at a media briefing in Gulfport on Friday morning . ( Photo Source : WLOX )
Mississippi Gov . Phil Bryant has declared a state of emergency in the six southern counties ahead of the threat of what is now Tropical Storm Nate . Bryant made the announcement at a media briefing in Gulfport on Friday morning .
The National Weather Service issued a hurricane warning for Hancock , Harrison , Jackson , Stone , and George counties . A hurricane watch is in effect for Pearl River County .
We 'll start seeing tropical conditions Saturday . Winds could reach 45 to 80 miles per hour by Saturday night . Nate is expected to reach land early Sunday morning somewhere between Louisiana and Florida , including South Mississippi . Potential impacts include two to four inches of heavy rainfall and a storm surge from three to eight feet .
The WLOX First Alert Weather Team is working around the clock to track TS Nate . We 'll update this story as new information is released .
Copyright 2017 WLOX . All rights reserved .
KODAK ( WATE ) – To celebrate their 25th anniversary , Friends of the Smokies is launching a fundraising campaign to fund a radio system upgrade in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park .
The group says the park 's radio communications system has exceeded its recommended lifespan . Replacement parts are hard to find and repairs and maintenance are costly with an increasingly tightening federal budget . Friends of the Smokies says the total cost of the project would be $ 2.5 million and their goal is to raise $ 1.25 million by this time next year .
The proposed project would replace microwave and repeater equipment at nine sites as well as portable radio units and mobile units in patrol vehicles and fire engines . Park rangers and dispatchers would then be able to communicate directly with police , fire and emergency personnel in neighboring jurisdictions .
Friends of the Smokies says day-to-day operations would benefit , as well as law enforcement , search and rescue , and wildland fire operations .
To donate , call 1-800-845-5665 or visit Donate.FriendsOfTheSmokies.org
In a speech from the Senate Floor on Thursday , Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D-NY ) suggested that if the dead could talk they would urge President Trump to break with the NRA .
Schumer referenced inaction on gun control in his exhortation , saying , “ [ Those people ] who were killed and are now in heaven , they would say , ‘ do something . ' They would n't say , ‘ Let ' wait . ' ”
advertisement
He added , “ President Trump , are you going to wait to hear what the NRA says first ? ”
Schumer 's comments on Trump and the NRA come in the same week that Hillary Clinton blamed the Vegas attack on the NRA , tweeting :
Our grief is n't enough . We can and must put politics aside , stand up to the NRA , and work together to try to stop this from happening again . — Hillary Clinton ( @ HillaryClinton ) October 2 , 2017
Clinton 's and Schumer 's shared goal are one and the same : to continue trying to distract and divide people , even to the point of attempting to make the President of the United States feel shame for having the NRA as an ally and NRA leadership as confidants .
Trump , White House press secretary Sarah Sanders , and Trump counselor Kelly Conway have all made clear there will be no gun law policy discussion at this time , yet they have left the door open to future discussions . The left 's ongoing focus on the NRA is part of a concerted effort to ensure those discussions come sooner rather than later .
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @ AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins @ breitbart.com
SULLIVAN COUNTY , Ind . ( WTHI ) - Police say enhanced patrols led to the arrest of a Hymera man on Friday .
Scroll for more content ...
It happened around 10 p.m. on State Road 48 in Hymera .
The Sullivan County Sheriff 's Office said officers and deputies were assigned to patrol areas of concern for suspicious activities . That 's when police say they encountered Rocky Caddell , 41 , of Hymera during a stop .
Police say they found six grams of methamphetamine , along with meth paraphernalia , inside Caddell 's vehicle .
Caddell was arrested and taken to the Sullivan County Jail . He faces charges of Dealing Methamphetamine , Possession of Methamphetamine and Posession of Paraphernalia .
Police say Caddell was also on probation .
Arcanum Wayne Trail Historical Society is looking for Arcanum Christmas memories including not only stories but photos of store fronts , churches , parades , etc . Specifically , they are looking for pictures of the first town square Christmas tree in 1922 , the new water tower decorated for Christmas in 1935 , the tree shape on the elevator in 1940 , lights upstairs at Arcanum School in 1940 , light poles uptown decorated in 1962 , and any pictures or information about a house decorating contest started in 1952 by the Arcanum Lion 's Club .
Please contact Annette Stewart or any member of the historical society with your memories , pictures , etc . One specifically they are searching for a picture of the snow white float in 1940 that had reindeer springing over a glistening igloo pulling a sleigh with Santa Claus and a background with two symmetrical Christmas trees . The Arcanum Chronicles and The Arcanum Times have the written data about these events but there are very little pictures , the members of AWTHS would like to get all of this into a collection that we could all enjoy .
This request came all the way from Kentucky from the son of Brode Cornett – “ Hello Arcanum , I would like to surprise my Dad with Christmas cards sent from students that he taught during his long career as an Industrial Arts teacher for the Arcanum Butler school system . Before his retirement he had begun teaching his 3rd generation of many Arcanum families . He is now 84 and has moved into an assisted living facility after Mom 's passing . If any past students , or just old acquaintances would like to send him a Christmas card , his address is… . Brode Cornett North Fork Senior Living . 200 North Fork Drive , Suite 104 Morehead Ky , 40351 . I know this would bring him Holiday Joy and be a huge surprise . Thank you to any of you who chose to send cards . Merry Christmas to each of you ! ” What an awesome idea – if you remember Brode , please add him to your Christmas card list and stick in a little note to say “ Hello . ”
The next Arcanum Alumni Association Scholarship fundraiser will be a Bar-B-Q Chicken Dinner prior to the January 19 Boys ' Varsity and JV basketball games with Mississinawa . The dinners will be prepared by Paul 's Bar-B-Q . It will consist of half of a bar-b-q chicken , applesauce , potato chips , and a dinner role . The cost will be $ 7.50 . Dinners will be available 4:30 to 6:30 p.m. You may dine in the AHS Cafetorium , or utilize their curbside carry-out service . A limited number of tickets will be available , so buy your tickets early . Hint : they make great Christmas gifts or stocking stuffers ! Tickets will be sold at the high school during girls ' and boys ' home basketball games during December and early January .
Lots of upcoming concerts with the music department ( s ) at the school – tonight at 7 p.m. is the High School Choir Christmas Concert ; this Wednesday night is the Middle School Choir and High School Choir Concert at 7 p.m. Next week – Monday , December 18 at 7 p.m. is the High School Band Concert ; and Tuesday , December 19 at 7 p.m. is the third and fourth grade Christmas Program . All events will be held in the cafetorium .
The season is upon us and all the lights and decorations make the town look so festive ! Thank you to the Arcanum Garden Club for decorating the flower pots on each corner uptown . The lights in the park are wonderful to enjoy , if you have n't seen them yet ; be sure to drive through the park ! Thank you to all the volunteers who worked to put up the lights and set up all the activities !
I believe that it is important to share memories of your favorite Christmases with your loved ones and laugh and celebrate . Here are a few things to think about…did you ever take a sleigh ride ? What was your favorite Christmas program as a child—Charlie Brown , Rudolph , or perhaps another ? Favorite movie ? My husband and I 's is “ It 's a Wonderful Life ” which we have enjoyed many times through the years . Christmas music—did you have a special Christmas Album your family always listened to ? ( As a child , one of my favorites was “ Christmas in Kilarney ” on an old Lawrence Welk 33 ; when our kids were little it had to be “ The Chipmunks. ” ) Did you have a real tree loaded with tinsel and lights , or an artificial tree , perhaps a silver aluminum tree with the color wheel ? Did you participate in a Christmas program at school or church—what character did you play , did you sing a solo ? Did Mom make you a costume ? ( Our daughters were angels one year at the church Christmas program when they were little , yes , I made the costumes , they were white flannel nightgowns actually ! )
Did you have a snow globe ? Was n't it glorious to watch ? What was your best Christmas ever ? Did you ever have a terrible Christmas ? Maybe the year you peaked and found your presents ? ( Yes , I have to admit I did that once and it was the worst Christmas ever ! ) Did your family sleep in on Christmas or did you get your parents up at the crack of dawn ? Why not make a Christmas memory book this year and shower your family with lots of love . Why not try an old family recipe and make it a new family tradition ? ( I have tried for years to make divinity from my grandmother 's recipe and for some reason it never tastes like hers ! ) Remember when they had outside Christmas lighting/decoration contests in town ? I hear lots of families comment about the ornaments on their tree and where they all came from – recently read a suggestion that a great memory book would include photos of each of those ornaments and the story behind each one…that would be a great keepsake for you to enjoy and share for many years to come .
I would like to hear from the Arcanum area churches in order to publish my annual listing of Christmas Eve services , if you would like your church/parish 's information included please contact me via email or telephone . As I have written about in past years , this one night of the year with my family is a tradition to attend a candlelight service together to celebrate on Christmas Eve .
“ Christmas is not as much about opening our presents as opening our hearts. ” ~ Janice Maeditere
“ I wish we could put up some of the Christmas spirit in jars and open a jar of it every month. ” ~ Harlan Miller
http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2017/12/web1_Vickie_RhodehamelPRINT-1.jpg
By Vickie Rhodehamel Arcanum News
Vickie Rhodehamel is a volunteer citizen columnist , who serves The Daily Advocate readers weekly with her Arcanum community column . She can be reached by calling 937-692-6188 , by e-mail at krhodehamel @ woh.rr.com . Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author . The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author .
Vickie Rhodehamel is a volunteer citizen columnist , who serves The Daily Advocate readers weekly with her Arcanum community column . She can be reached by calling 937-692-6188 , by e-mail at krhodehamel @ woh.rr.com . Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author . The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author .
* Minister says Duterte has given go-ahead to her plan
* Nickel miner unsure whether Lopez 's plan will work
* Lopez says NPA rebels `` really not bad people ''
* Philippines is world 's top nickel ore supplier
By Enrico Dela Cruz and Manolo Serapio Jr
MANILA , April 20 The Philippine environment minister said she has been given the greenlight by President Rodrigo Duterte to explore an unorthodox strategy to rehabilitate and develop the country 's mining areas : recruit communist rebel fighters to help .
The plan of Environment and Natural Resources Secretary Regina Lopez , who has ordered the closure of more than half of mines in the world 's top nickel ore supplier , may be tough to carry out given the decades-long conflict between the New People 's Army ( NPA ) rebels and the Philippine government that has killed more than 40,000 people .
Lopez , an environmentalist-turned-regulator , believes it can work though .
`` What I 've seen with the NPA , they just really want to get people out of poverty , they 're really not bad people , '' Lopez told reporters on Thursday . `` We might have a situation where miners work with the NPA . We must come from the same page . ''
NPA , the armed wing of the Communist Party of the Philippines , earlier this month agreed to a temporary truce with government , the first time both sides have agreed to a joint ceasefire since November 1986 .
Lopez said she 's initially looking at working with NPA rebels to develop a mining province in southern Mindanao island , and had asked Duterte 's permission at a recent cabinet meeting and `` he gave a go-ahead . ''
Duterte 's spokesman , Ernesto Abella , said `` that needs to be verified '' when asked to respond to Lopez 's claim that Duterte has cleared her to work with the rebels .
Miners are unsure whether Lopez 's strategy will work .
Mining contracts `` are granted by the government , not by the NPAs . So , in what capacity could we work with the NPAs ? I do n't know , '' Dante Bravo , president of Global Ferronickel Holdings Inc , told Reuters . Global Ferronickel is the Philippines ' No . 2 nickel ore producer .
The Philippine Army did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Lopez waged a crackdown on the Philippine mining sector shortly after taking office in June last year . In February , she ordered the closure of 22 of the Southeast Asian nation 's 41 mines to protect water resources and later cancelled dozens of contracts for undeveloped mines .
Duterte backed Lopez 's mining crackdown , himself angered by years of environmental harm he said miners have caused . Late on Wednesday , he reiterated his support for Lopez , who has said she wants the country to be `` mine-free '' .
`` I asked how can we do that ? We have to amend the law . There 's a mining law which allows mining , '' Duterte said .
`` But I agree with Gina , '' Duterte said , calling the minister by her nickname .
Duterte reappointed Lopez this week after lawmakers deferred a decision to confirm or reject her appointment before Congress went into recess from March 18 . Hearings on her confirmation resume on May 2 .
( Reporting by Manolo Serapio Jr. and Enrico dela Cruz ; Editing by Tom Hogue )
By Jon Wiederhorn
Last week , Donatella Versace posted a video for Bruno Mars ' “ Versace on the Floor , ” which featured a whole bunch of glamorous models . Now , Mars has released his own video for the song , which stars Zendaya .
Related : Donatella Versace Toasts Bruno Mars with Model Filled Video
Mars is shot in low light as sensual colors swirl around him . And in separate images , Zendaya looks stunning in a glittery , silver dress . Of course , both artists are wearing Versace , but considering how nice Zendaya 's outfit is , it probably should have wound up on a hanger instead of on the floor .
CHARLOTTESVILLE , Va. — Charlottesville Police Chief Al Thomas fired back Monday afternoon at the organizer of the “ Unite the Right ” rally , who blamed the city 's police department for Saturday 's violence .
In a statement Sunday morning , Jason Kessler said Saturday 's events were the result of the Charlottesville Police officers refusing to do their job .
“ They did n't follow through with the agreed up on security arrangements , ” said Kessler .
Thomas responded Monday , accusing the alt right group of not following through with the plan they agreed on .
“ We had a plan to bring them in at the rear of the park . They had agreed to cooperate with the plan ; unfortunately they did not follow the plan . They began entering at different locations in and around the park , ” he said .
Thomas called the day “ tragic ” and said he regrets the tragic outcome , but he defended his department and their efforts at the rally .
Chief Thomas said the shift forced police to quickly alter their plan and made it harder to keep the white nationalists separated from the counter protestors , many of them from the left-leaning Antifa group .
“ We did make attempts to keep the two sides separate however we ca n't control which side someone enters the park , ” he said .
Within an hour , the rally turned violent with fights breaking out throughout the streets of Charlottesville .
Police who showed up in their regular uniforms had to change into protective gear .
Thomas called the two sides mutually combative .
“ It took probably an hour to gain control of the streets . We had groups that were moving constantly . We were following a number of groups making sure that they were being peaceful but it was a challenge , ” said Thomas . “ It was certainly a challenge . We were spread thin once the groups dispersed . ”
Several people questioned why the police did not intervene in many of the assaults .
Thomas emphasized that he did not tell officers not to intervene in assaults without permission from the mayor .
“ No and I would like to know who that officer is who allegedly made those remarks . That is simply not true , ” he said .
Charlottesville resident Mark Easton Jr. said he did notice a less aggressive approach from the police on Saturday .
“ The show of force was n't as strong as the first rally . I think everybody knows that , ” he said .
But Easton went on to say that the police department did a great job , faced with a nearly impossible task on Saturday .
“ You ca n't combat hatred like this , ” he explained . “ I mean the whole military could have come… you 're not going to stop people that hate . ”
After Thomas ' press conference , Kessler tweeted that the Chief Thomas lied and said the police department scrapped the evacuation plan they had agreed upon .
Madonna ‘ s attempt to block the auction of a handful of personal items — including a breakup letter from rapper Tupac Shakur , a lock of her hair , a pair of her underwear and a slew of personal photographs — has come up short .
On Monday , a judge in New York City ruled that auction house Got ta Have Rock and Roll had the right to sell Madonna 's items , NBC News reported .
The 59-year-old singer had filed a temporary restraining order last summer when the auction was first announced , Reuters reported — claiming in court documents obtained by the outlet that she was not aware the items were missing from her personal collection .
At the time , she put the blame on former friend and art consultant Darlene Lutz , who consigned the auction . Madonna said in court documents that Lutz had “ betrayed my trust in an outrageous effort to obtain my possessions without my knowledge or consent , ” Reuters reported .
Marion Curtis/StarPix/REX/Shutterstock
But according to The Guardian , Manhattan Supreme Court Judge Gerald Lebovits sided with Lutz , pointing to the fact that Madonna and Lutz had settled their disputes in a legal agreement .
“ We did substantial due diligence when we took all the Madonna items for auction , ” Ed Kosinski and Pete Siegel , co-owners of Got ta Have Rock and Roll , told NBC News . “ We were confident that Madonna had no claim whatsoever , and the judge clearly agreed with us . ”
Reps for Madonna could not be reached by PEOPLE for comment .
Patrick McMullan/Getty
A total of 22 pieces are included in the collection . Aside from the aforementioned items , there 's also another letter in which Madonna spoke about Whitney Houston and Sharon Stone .
The Shakur letter is the big ticket item , with bidding starting at $ 100,000 .
Penned on Jan. 15 , 1995 while Shakur was at the Clinton Correctional Facility , where he was serving time on sexual abuse charges , the letter has the rapper expressing his sorrow for their breakup and admitting race was a big factor .
“ For you to be seen with a black man would n't in any way jeopardize your career , if anything it would make you seem that much more open and exciting , ” Tupac wrote . “ But for me at least in my previous perception I felt due to my ‘ image ' I would be letting down half of the people who made me what I thought I was . ”
“ I never meant to hurt you , ” he added .
RELATED VIDEO : The Truth Behind Tupac Shakur 's 1996 Murder : ‘ It Was Simple Retaliation , ' Reveals an LAPD Source
He also explained he was angry after an interview Madonna gave in which she allegedly said , “ ‘ I 'm off to rehabilitate all the rappers & basketball players . ' ”
“ Those words cut me deep seeing how I had never known you to be with any rappers besides myself , ” Tupac wrote . “ It was at this moment out of hurt and a natural instinct to strike back and defend my heart and ego that I said a lot of things . …Can you feel me ? ”
Want to keep up with the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
“ In the time since , as you can see , I have grown both spiritually and mentally , ” Tupac continued . “ It no longer matters how I 'm perceived . Please understand my previous position as that of a young man with limited experience with an extremely famous sex symbol . ”
* Dlr/yen slumps to 5-mth low
* Trump says prefers low interest rates
* Trump comments raise wariness over Treasury 's currency report
* Graphic : World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Jemima Kelly
LONDON , April 13 The dollar skidded to a two-week low against a basket of other currencies on Thursday after U.S. President Donald Trump said that the currency was too strong and that he would prefer interest rates to stay low .
The greenback and U.S. Treasury yields took a heavy hit after Trump told the Wall Street Journal that the dollar was `` getting too strong '' and would hurt the U.S economy .
The U.S. currency was trading down 0.6 percent by 0715 GMT and on track for its biggest fall in more than three weeks .
Trump 's comments broke with a long-standing practice of both U.S. Democratic and Republican administrations of refraining from commenting on policy set by the independent Federal Reserve . It is also unusual for a president to talk about the value of the dollar , a subject usually left to the U.S. Treasury secretary .
The comments were seen by markets as a fresh reminder of the president 's protectionist trade rhetoric , which has been a source of concern for dollar bulls .
`` This is a dramatic shift in rhetoric from ( Trump ) , '' said IronFX analyst Sakis Paraskevov in Cyprus .
`` Bearing in mind the administration 's continued verbal intervention in the FX market , we think that any near-term rallies in the dollar could stay relatively limited , despite the Fed raising rates at a moderate pace . ''
The U.S. currency hit a five-month low of 108.73 in Asian trading but later steadied around 109 yen .
The dollar has shed 2 percent against the yen so far this week , with the safe-haven Japanese currency on a bullish footing because of a rise in geopolitical tensions .
Investors are concerned about the upcoming French presidential election as well as possible U.S. military action against Syria and North Korea and an escalation of tensions with Russia .
That Trump seemed unmoved by the already significant weakening of the dollar against the yen increased nervousness about the U.S. Treasury 's semi-annual currency report due Friday , and next week 's U.S.-Japan bilateral dialogue .
`` It appears that the Trump administration is trying to make up for its internal policy shortcomings with a show of force in external policy , leading to a confrontational stance with trade partners , '' said Daisuke Karakama , market economist at Mizuho Bank in Tokyo .
`` If you are in the forex market it requires a lot of courage to buy the dollar right now . ''
The euro edged down 0.1 percent to $ 1.0653 , not far from a six-day high of $ 1.0675 reached overnight .
The dollar was on track for its third straight day of losses against China 's yuan , after rising to a one-month high at the start of the week .
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters : //realtime/verb=Open/url=http : //emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/ ? pageId=livemarkets ( Additional reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro in Tokyo ; Editing by Hugh Lawson )
Result – FIBA U18 European Championship Division B final
Ireland 43-67 Germany
Ireland 's unbeaten streak at the FIBA U18 Women 's European Championships finally came to an end in the final this evening , as they lost out 67-43 to Germany .
Promotion to Division A is still assured , as is the squad 's status as Ireland 's most successful ever basketball team , and they were given a standing ovation at the final buzzer by the capacity crowd who have supported them every step of the way through a superb tournament .
“ It 's incredible , ” said Head Coach Tommy O'Mahony . “ Night after night we rolled from one game to the other , we did n't get a chance to figure out what we 'd just done . Tonight was n't our night , but the girls have to realize what they 've done and how big it is in the whole scheme of things . It 's hard to believe , we wo n't comprehend it for a few weeks I 'd say , but it 's been great . ”
It was the Germans ' athleticism that caused problems early on , particularly through 6 ' 3 power forward Nyara Sabally , the younger sister of Satou Sabally who is heading to play basketball in the USA . Nyara will be joining the Oregon Ducks in 2018 when she finishes High School .
Louise Scannell helped to lift the siege with a massive three-pointer and Sabally soon hit the bench as foul trouble stunted her side 's momentum . Ireland landed five free-throws from six attempts but could n't handle Luisa Geiselsoder , who muscled her way to eight points and seven rebounds in the first quarter alone . Sorcha Tiernan 's long two re-energized the crowd , before Laura Schinkel stroked home on the first quarter buzzer from 30 feet for Germany to lead 24-12 .
The German 's had an average winning margin of 37 points in the tournament and looked even more potent with their main weapons on the floor . It was the game 's smallest player , Annaliese Murphy , who impressed with a long two but Ireland 's offence was misfiring . They were 20 points behind before Claire Melia rallied the troops with a three-point play and Bronagh Power Cassidy capped a 5-0 run for a 41-26 half time score line . Dayna Finn led the charge to eat into Germany 's lead in the third quarter .
Meanwhile , the winners were both penetrating inside and accurate from the perimeter , leaving Ireland short on means to shore up the defence . Once again it was substitute Annaliese Murphy who provided a spark with three-points from the win , but Germany had the game locked up at 60-35 by the end of the third . Ireland continued the fight in the fourth quarter , supported every step of the way by the sold out National Basketball Arena . Even as the game began to look out of reach , the crowd that had been around for every single one of Ireland 's games , cheered and chanted . Germany steadily maintained their lead and it was clear they would see the game out .
This Irish team created history as the first international squad to reach a European final and also as the first Irish team to clinch promotion to the A Division . While it may not have worked out for them tonight , they have certainly cemented their place in Irish basketball history .
× Former Seahawks punter Rick Tuten dead at 52
SEATTLE – Former Seattle Seahawks punter Rick “ Bootin ' ” Tuten died unexplectedly in Costa Rica earlier this week , according to a report in the Ocala Star-Banner .
There were no details on his cause of death .
Tuten , 52 , is near the top of the Seahawks record books in most punting categories . His death comes three weeks after that of former teammate Cortez Kennedy .
He 's second all time behind Jon Ryan in : total punts ( 554 ) , punting yards ( 24,266 ) and longest punt ( 73 yards ) , and third all time in yards per punt at 43.8 . He 'd be second all time in that category as well , but former Seahawks running back has one punt for 54 yards .
Tuten was a fan favorite during one of the team 's darkest eras , spanning seven seasons from 1991-1997 .
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
A Brazilian jiu jitsu athlete from Omemee has been charged with aggravated assault following an attack in a Peterborough parking lot Saturday .
Police say a man was walking past a McDonnel Street parking lot at about 2:30 a.m. Saturday when he saw a crowd of people who appeared to be targeting an individual . When the man tried to intervene , police say , he realized the individual was not being targeted and was actually trying to engage members of the crowd in a fight .
The man was hit in the face before seeing three men leave the scene . Police arrived and brought the man to hospital .
One man was arrested at the scene .
The planet Mars is shown May 12 , 2016 in this NASA Hubble Space Telescope view taken May 12 , 2016 when it was 50 million miles from Earth . Earth 's neighbor planet makes its closest approach in a decade this month , providing sky-watchers with a celestial show from dusk to dawn . NASA/Handout via Reuters
The base of Mars ' Mount Sharp - the rover 's eventual science destination - is pictured in this August 27 , 2012 NASA handout photo taken by the Curiosity rover . NASA/Handout via REUTERS
CAPE CANAVERAL , Fla . Particles blasting out from the sun stripped away what was once a thick , Earth-like atmosphere on Mars , leaving behind a dry and cold world inhospitable to life , researchers said in a study released on Thursday .
About 4 billion years ago when life was starting on Earth , Mars also had a dense atmosphere , which kept the planet warm and wet , according to the study in this week 's issue of the journal Science .
Over time , energized particles in the solar wind stripped off Mars ' atmosphere , leaving a thin and still-shrinking envelope of gases around the planet , measurements by one of NASA 's Mars-orbiting spacecraft show .
`` The lines of evidence point to the period between about 3.7 billion years ago and 4 billion years ago as when Mars went bad , '' lead researcher Bruce Jakosky with the University of Colorado in Boulder , said by phone .
Conditions on early Mars could have supported microbes , Jakosky said , but as the thick atmosphere around the planet disappeared , `` it went from a wet planet that could support life at the surface to the cold , dry planet we see today . ''
The findings offer insight into why a planet that started off similar to Earth ended up so different and what conditions could make planets beyond the solar system suitable for life .
The data was collected by the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution , or MAVEN , spacecraft , one of eight satellites and rovers currently operating around or on Mars .
Scientists are not sure why Mars ' atmosphere became vulnerable to the solar wind , but suspect it had to do with the loss of the planet 's magnetic field .
Earth , by contrast , has a liquid metal core that generates a protective magnetic shield that deflects the solar wind .
The research , sponsored by the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration , is based on measurements of the chemical element argon at different altitudes in the thinning atmosphere around Mars , which MAVEN has been assessing since October 2015 .
The measurements show that Mars has lost 66 percent of its argon since the planet formed some 4.6 billion years ago . Jakosky and colleagues extrapolated from that figure to estimate the loss rate of other atmospheric gases , including water vapor .
Mars ' atmosphere was and is dominated by carbon dioxide .
`` It is the answer we expected in some ways , '' Jakosky said . `` It meshes well with everything else that 's going on on Mars . ''
( Reporting by Irene Klotz ; Editing by Letitia Stein and Peter Cooney )
Lanipuna Gardens , Hawaii – Allen Bertram built his Lanipuna Gardens home nearly 25 years ago . When lava ravaged his neighborhood almost two weeks ago , he lost nearly everything .
“ I look outside , I see a river of lava going down the street flowing 10 miles an hour . I opened the door and it came inside the house , ” Bertram said .
With only the clothes on his back , Allen says he grabbed his dog and quickly ran uphill to safety .
“ We slept outside and we waited until morning and then ran up to my neighbor 's mac nut orchard , ” Bertram said .
Trapped by lava , the only way to his neighbor 's was to scale over fences .
“ I had to throw my dog over the fence but then he bit me and ran away , ” Bertram said .
His dog , missing . Bertram searched for shelter .
Over the next 12 days , he barricaded himself in neighbor 's garage , surviving off of canned foods stored in their pantry .
“ I was surrounded by lava , just hoping for the best , ” he said .
Hoping to capture the attention of the helicopters flying above , Bertram says he put out a distress signal he 'd learned from a TV show .
“ I did three garbage can lids bright red and marking paint and a red shirt as a flag . I was praying that I was going to get rescued , ” Bertram said .
Just this past Saturday , his prayers were answered .
Firefighters spotted Bertram from the air , lifting him to safety .
“ Thank God… the best day of my life , very grateful to be alive , ” he said .
GRAND RAPIDS , Mich. — Turner Elson scored a goal and set up three more to lift the Grand Rapids Griffins to a 5-2 win over the Manitoba Moose on Friday in the American Hockey League opener for both teams .
Colin Campbell had a goal and two assists for the Griffins ( 1-0-0 ) and Ryan Sproul , Dylan McIlrath and Dominic Turgeon also scored .
Cam Maclise , while shorthanded , and Peter Stoykewych supplied the offence for Manitoba ( 0-1-0 ) .
Jared Coreau made 27 saves in the win . Eric Comrie turned aside 17 shots in defeat .
Screenshot : Nintendo
This week , two hacking groups have independently released methods that allow a user to jailbreak the Switch , which one group is already using to run a ported version of Linux on Nintendo 's device . The worse news for Nintendo—the hackers say the exploit is due to a bug in the system 's processor chip , meaning that Nintendo ca n't patch it out in a firmware update .
The flaw revolves around the Switch 's Tegra processor 's USB Recovery Mode , or RCM , which hackers say can be easily overflowed with data using another computer tethered via the USB connection . Doing so makes it possible to bypass the security surrounding the Boot ROM , effectively opening Pandora 's box in terms of what can be installed and run on the machine . This includes transforming the Switch into a handheld that can run Linux in addition to its standard “ Horizon ” operating system .
While hackers had hinted at this vulnerability back in January of this year , this is first time several groups have discussed in detail how it works and what the consequences will be . The exploits were announced yesterday by the hacking group ReSwitched , which is calling its method Fusée Gelée , and today by Fail0verflow , which calls its ShofEL2 . While both methods involve different code , the steps are similar and utilize the same bug in Nvidia 's Tegra X1 processor . Because the bug is in the chip 's hardware , rather than the code , the groups say that there is not much Nintendo can do at this point besides fixing it for the consoles it sells in the future .
“ Since this bug is in the Boot ROM , it can not be patched without a hardware revision , meaning all Switch units in existence today are vulnerable , forever , ” the group Fail0verflow wrote on its blog . It 's unclear when Nintendo and Nvidia became aware of the problem and whether or not the companies have begun taking steps to address it , but since there are already 14.8 million Switches out in the wild , the vulnerability is already widespread , and includes any Android devices which also use the Tegra X1 .
Advertisement
While initiating the exploit is extremely complex , and not currently user-friendly enough for your average Switch owner to attempt , an important part of it relies on shorting the number 10 Pin in the Switch 's right-hand Joy-Con connector . This what initiates the Tegra chip 's recovery mode , at which point users can take advantage of the flaw in the chip allowing data overflow to access the Boot ROM . It 's a pretty devastating bug in terms of security for the console as well , with consequences far beyond hackers simply being able to run custom operating systems . “ Since the vulnerability occurs very early in the boot process , it allows extraction of all device data and secrets , including the Boot ROM itself and all cryptographic keys , ” the group wrote .
Both exploits are currently in their early stages . Fail0verflow claims it has Dolphin , the GameCube and Wii emulator , running on Switch , which foretells a future in which Switch owners can load up their devices with classic Nintendo games ( or anything else ) without paying a dime . But the method is not exactly user-friendly at this point , so it 's unlikely the average Switch owner will want to go messing around with hardware-level tricks just to play Luigi 's Mansion .
Fail0verflow , in its FAQ , writes that it 's easy to break platforms like Switch by running bad software on them . “ We already caused temporary damage to one LCD panel with bad power sequencing code , ” it wrote . “ If your Switch catches on fire or turns into an Ouya , it 's not our fault . ”
Advertisement
These two exploits are how people have been able to upload the system 's Boot Rom data to places like Pastebin , where it appeared over the weekend , leading other people to begin sharing their own information about the security flaw as well . ReSwitched decided to share its breakdown of what it 's calling the “ Fusée Gelée coldboot vulnerability ” this week , ahead of a more complete explanation of its findings on June 15 .
“ Fusée Gelée was responsibly disclosed to Nvidia earlier , and forwarded to several vendors ( including Nintendo ) as a courtesy , ” wrote ReSwitched hacker Katherine Temkin in an FAQ about the exploit .
Fail0verflow , whose exploit utilizes the same bug in the Tegra chip , decided to likewise reveal its own findings alongside everyone else 's in an attempt , it says , to separate its work from the attempts at software piracy that will likely follow from it . “ The bug will be made public sooner or later , likely sooner , so we might as well release now along with our Linux boot chain and kernel tree , to make it very clear that we do this for fun and homebrew , and nothing else , ” the group wrote in its post .
Advertisement
These exploits are n't the only way that hackers are trying to open up the Switch to run all software . As Ars Technica reports , another group called Team-Xecuter has been working on a modchip it plans to sell that would also allow custom code to be executed on the Switch . ReSwitched 's announcement of the Fusée Gelée bug could be partially an attempt to get ahead of that group 's release , whose methods Temkin disagrees with .
“ Not just do they publicly endorse piracy , and seek to profit from keeping information to a few people , but they 're also willing to drop a 0-day that affects a broad swathe of devices on the public without any responsible disclosure , ” she wrote in her FAQ . “ All in all , I think that Team Xecuter seems to be without morals or scruples , and I am happy to do as much as I can to reduce their profitability and thus disincentivize these kinds of awful behaviors . ”
Advertisement
While it seems that Nintendo 's ability to address the flaw in the Switches currently on the market is limited , it could still alter the hardware it sells in the future . Eurogamer 's Digital Foundry speculates that it 's possible the T214 Tegra processor referenced in a Switch 5.0.0 firmware update could signal the company already has plans to move away from the compromised T210 model the exploits are currently dependent on . Nintendo did not immediately respond to a request by Kotaku for comment .
Feb 2 , 2018 ( Reuters ) - AURELIUS EQUITY OPPORTUNITIES SE & CO KGAA :
* AURELIUS SELLS AH INDUSTRIES TO THE MANAGEMENT TEAM WITH LONG-STANDING EXPERIENCE IN THE WIND INDUSTRY Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
April 3 IBJ Inc
* Says it will repurchase 230,000 shares of its common stock through ToSTNeT-3 , on April 4
* Share repurchase price is 582 yen per share , the closing price of April 3 , or 133.9 million yen in total
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/0p4Zmr
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
GETTING AIR , EATING DIRT X-Treme Boogie Boarding Down A Dune Is A Great Way To Get A Mouthful Of Sand
We 're not saying you should n't do this . But if you do , just get ready for your next few meals to taste a little earthy .
Apple and Shazam did not disclose financial terms . Technology news sites Recode and TechCrunch , quoting unnamed sources , both put the deal at around $ 400 million .
Published 11:37 AM , December 12 , 2017
NEW YORK , USA – Apple said Monday , December 11 , that it would buy leading song recognition app Shazam in a fresh bid to secure an edge in the intensifying battle of streaming services .
Apple , whose streaming service has rapidly grown but still has only half the paid subscribers of Spotify , said Shazam has consistently been one of the most popular items on its App Store .
The two companies did not disclose financial terms . The technology news sites Recode and TechCrunch , quoting unnamed sources , both put the deal at around $ 400 million .
The market signaled its approval , with Apple share prices jumping 2.0 percent , well outpacing the 0.2 percent rise on the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
`` Apple Music and Shazam are a natural fit , sharing a passion for music discovery and delivering great music experiences to our users , '' Apple said in a statement .
London-based Shazam said in a separate statement : `` We ca n't imagine a better home for Shazam to enable us to continue innovating and delivering magic for our users . ''
Shazam , which was founded in 1999 in the early age of online music , has offered a solution to a longtime agony of listeners -- putting a name to elusive songs . With a click , the app identifies tracks playing on the radio , at parties or as background music .
But Shazam has struggled to find a way to make money off its technology , even as it said that it had reached one billion downloads on smartphones last year .
Shazam only recently announced it had become profitable , thanks to advertising and steering traffic to other sites such as Spotify and Apple Music .
The technology is also no longer quite as novel , with Shazam facing rivals such as SoundHound and with smartphones capable of ever more advanced recognition functions .
Mark Mulligan , who writes a popular blog on the music industry , described Shazam as `` cool tech without a business model '' and said Apple was a rare player that could bring out the app 's value .
Facing tough competition
The world 's most valuable publicly traded company , Apple earns most of its revenue from iPhones but has also found it vital to be seen on the cutting edge culturally .
Apple , which revolutionized online music a generation earlier with iTunes , in 2015 launched Apple Music as the market turns to streaming , which offers unlimited on-demand listening .
Apple said in September that the service had more than 30 million subscribers – a quick rise , but still trailing Spotify .
Spotify – which has emphasized a barebone , user-friendly interface instead of unique features – said it had 60 million paying users as of July and 80 million more on its free tier .
And with streaming experiencing rapid growth , competition has become even fiercer .
Retail giant Amazon seized on its vast consumer reach as it launched its own streaming service last year .
YouTube , the video-sharing behemoth owned by Apple 's rival Google , also has its own music streaming platform and recent reports said it was looking to launch a new paid subscription package next year .
Tech battle turns to services
Shazam has already proven it can be woven into another service . A year ago , it formed a partnership with SnapChat , the youth-driven social media platform whose videos evaporate , with users able to `` snap '' to friends the music they discover around them on Shazam .
Neil Saunders , managing director of GlobalData Retail , said the Shazam sale `` underlines the fact that the battle of the technology companies is firmly moving beyond hardware and into services . ''
`` This is a good move for Apple that helps to consolidate its already strong position in music content . It wo n't be the last takeover of a tech firm by these big giants , '' he said .
Apple has already invested in buying big-name music brands , in 2014 paying an eye-popping $ 3 billion for Beats Electronics , the headphones , speaker and streaming brand of rapper Dr. Dre .
Soon afterward , it bought Semetric , a British company that tracks music consumption on behalf of labels and artists . – Rappler.com
LONDON ( Reuters ) - An anonymous benefactor has donated $ 5 million ( 3.53 million pounds ) in bitcoin to the California-based Open Medicine Foundation , the non-profit research organisation said on Friday .
The OMF said it had received $ 4 million on Friday , having received $ 1 million from the same donor last month , via the account that it holds with BitPay , a bitcoin payments firm that converted the donation into U.S. dollars .
The money came from an anonymous donor calling themselves “ Pine ” from the Pineapple Fund , whose website says that it has already donated around $ 37 million anonymously to various charities and projects . The fund intends to donate $ 86 million in total , according to the website .
“ Donating $ 86 million of bitcoins to charity because once you have enough money , money does n't matter , ” the website states . It also says the fund holds one of the top-250 the richest bitcoin wallets in the world , with “ Pine ” having got into the market early .
Bitcoin allows money to be sent anonymously across a peer-to-peer global network , with no intermediaries needed to validate or process transactions . That has made it attractive to those who want to keep their identity secret , including those buying and selling illegal goods and services on the internet .
OMF set up its BitPay around a year ago to enable anonymous donations . Until now , though , the take-up has been low , with the total bitcoin donated in the thousands of dollars .
” This significant donation will help OMF accelerate and expand current research into ME ( myalgic encephalomyelitis ) , CFS ( chronic fatigue syndrome ) and other chronic complex diseases and to keep fighting for a better future for patients , ” said Linda Tannenbaum , founder and president of OMF .
Tannenbaum said OMF had conversations back and forth with the donor , but she did not know his or her identity .
“ I 've recently received letters of support from esteemed academics in the field strongly supporting OMF , and that helped me make the decision ! ” wrote “ Pine ” in one message .
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Six wolves have escaped from the Bavarian national park near Ludwigsthal . The park is located near the Czech German border and the authorities say the animals could appear in the Šumava Mountains .
In the event of sighting them people have been asked not to approach them , try to feed them or take pictures .
The head of the national park Franz Leibl said an all out effort was being made to recapture the wolves . Since they were bred in an enclosure their chances of survival in the wild are extremely slim , he said .
Happy Friday Dol-Fans ! ! ! I am very excited to produce my first Top 11 Mock Draft for the 2018 NFL Draft . This Mock Top 11 will assume that the Top 11 picks stay the same , with no trades taking place . Here we go : - Sam Darnold QB , USC - I know there will be talk of Saquon Barkley out of Penn State , but I think the Browns will go with the super talented QB here at Pick number 1.- Saquon Barkley RB , Penn State- Think about the last time the Giants had a true home run threat at the position . If the Browns pass on him , I believe the Giants would be foolish to pass on Barkley.- Bradley Chubb DE , N.C. State- The Colts are in desperate need of guys who can get to the quarterback , and this would be a really good start for them . This guy has a motor like few others , and he has the ability to be a true difference maker.- Minkah Fitzpatrick FS , Alabama- The overhaul of the Browns secondary continues with the best secondary player in the draft . In today 's game , you can never have enough elite secondary players . Pairing him with Jabrill Peppers will be a sight to see.- Josh Rosen QB , UCLA- The Broncos are in desperate need of a quarterback . I know Josh Allen and Baker Mayfield are on the board as well , but if Rosen is there , he will be selected by Denver with this pick.- Baker Mayfield QB , Oklahoma- Baker Mayfield will be the best QB to come out of this draft , I doubt you heard that here first . I love everything he brings to the game . From his big play ability to his leadership , this kid is going to be a stud.- Quenton Nelson G , Notre Dame- After watching videos of this guy play , I would kill for him to fall to the Fins , but there is no chance of that taking place . This guy is nasty on the football field , and he will be a future pro bowler for many years to come.- Denzel Ward CB , Ohio State- I know a lot of people are high on Josh Jackson as well , but I like Ward just a tad more . His athletic ability is freaky good and will be a nice piece for the Bears moving forward.- Josh Jackson CB , Iowa- The 49ers look like they are going to make a ton of noise next season , and if a talent like Jackson falls to # 9 , John Lynch will swoop him up extremely quickly . Josh Jackson will give the team a true # 1 Cb for years to come.- Roquan Smith LB , Georgia- The Raiders need upgrades all over the defensive side of the ball , and the most talented linebacker in the draft would be a great pick here.- Josh Allen QB , Wyoming- Do we need a Quarterback in Round 1 ? No . Would I like a QB in Round 1 ? Not sure . However , I would not mind this pick whatsoever . With Smith and Mayfield off the board , I think this would the best case scenario for the Fins.Please let me know what you guys think ! Now and Forever ... GO FINS .
LONDON Borussia Dortmund 's Marc Bartra should return to playing in `` about four weeks '' after fracturing his wrist in Tuesday 's attack on the team bus , the club wrote on Twitter .
`` Marc Bartra will be fit again in about four weeks , '' the club said .
The 26-year-old had an operation on Tuesday after breaking the radial bone in his arm when three explosions went off ear the bus as it made its way to the stadium . The attack also left debris lodged in his hand .
The Champions League quarter-final first leg against AS Monaco was postponed 24 hours after three explosions near the vehicle . Monaco won the game 3-2 .
( Reporting by Neil Robinson ; editing by Richard Lough )
When Katharine McPhee walks down the aisle , it wo n't be the first time David Foster sees her in a wedding dress .
The musician played piano at McPhee 's February 2008 nuptials to her first husband , Nick Cokas . Foster is seen sitting at the keys behind the bride in PEOPLE 's exclusive photos from the American Idol alum 's wedding .
He accompanied McPhee as she serenaded Cokas with Natalie Cole and Nat King Cole 's hit “ Unforgettable , ” after Cokas performed Billy Joel 's “ She 's Got a Way . ”
McPhee , 34 , confirmed the engagement news herself ( via Ariana Grande gif and text with Just Jared founder Jared Eng ) on social media , writing that 68-year-old Foster popped the question during their vacation to Italy , which they 've been documenting on Instagram over the past few days .
“ He did it at the top of this mountain in Anacapri . Totally dark , only stars . Thankfully he did n't push me off the cliff . He said it was one or the other . And in the end he spared me , ” she joked via text .
Later on Tuesday , Foster also confirmed the happy news on social media , posting one of the many boat photos they have snapped of each other during their special vacation .
“ 🎼Yup ! ! , ” he simply captioned the snap — though daughters Erin , 35 , and Sara , 37 , had more to say about their new ( younger ) stepmom . “ Mommmyyyy , ” Erin joked , while Sara wrote , “ Out of the country . What did I miss ? ”
Back in September , as rumors of their romance popped up , Erin shared a photo of the two to her Instagram Stories alongside the captions , “ Excited about my new stepmom , ” and “ My parents . ”
At the time , a source close to David denied his romance with McPhee — and another insider explained that “ Erin 's quite obviously tongue-in-cheek and sarcastic Instagram comments were pointed at those who ca n't seem to grasp that her dad and Kat can be colleagues , collaborators and longtime friends without it being some big romance . ”
“ They ca n't even perform together without people saying they 're headed down the aisle , ” the source said . “ Erin was messing with people who jump to conclusions . ”
RELATED : Katharine McPhee Confirms She Is Dating David Foster as They Step Out Together at the Met Gala
David and McPhee first sparked romance rumors in May 2017 when the two were spotted enjoying a PDA-filled dinner date at Nobu in Malibu . The pair was also said to have traveled together ( with McPhee 's mom ) not soon after on a Vancouver getaway .
The two have had a long friendship , with David first meeting the American Idol alum on the set of the hit reality singing competition when she was a contestant in 2006 .
McPhee previously collaborated with the Grammy-winning producer for a few live performances , including his 2008 PBS tribute concert Hit Man : David Foster & Friends .
Despite many public displays of affection , the couple did n't go public with their romance until they stepped out together at the 2018 Met Gala .
This will be the second marriage for McPhee and the fifth for Foster , who was most recently wed to Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Yolanda Hadid .
Singapore has reportedly seized a US $ 35 million ( S $ 50 million ) private jet belonging to 1MDB mastermind Low Taek Jho , also known as Jho Low .
The Bombardier Global 5000 jet has been impounded by authorities and grounded at Singapore 's Seletar Airport for the past two weeks , according to Sarawak Report .
The aircraft is part of some US $ 1 billion in assets allegedly acquired with funds siphoned from 1Malaysia Development Bhd ( 1MDB ) that the US government is moving to seize .
The US alleges that the funds were laundered through the US banking system and is seeking to confiscate Low 's private jet , as well as other properties including a US $ 100-million interest in EMI Music Publishing Group , and a US $ 380-million stake in the Park Lane Hotel in New York .
The US Department of Justice in July 2016 filed a series of complaints alleging that funds diverted from 1MDB were used for the personal benefit of public officials and their relatives and associates to purchase luxury real estate in the US , pay gambling expenses at Las Vegas casinos and acquire more than US $ 200 million in artwork .
US authorities also accused Red Granite Pictures of using US $ 100 million that was diverted from 1MDB to finance the film The Wolf of Wall Street . Red Granite is helmed by Riza Aziz , the step-son of Malaysia Prime Minister Najib Razak , who oversaw the 1MDB fund .
The Malaysian sovereign wealth fund is at the centre of several international investigations by prosecutors in at least four countries – Singapore , Switzerland , Luxembourg and the US – into alleged corruption and money laundering by public officials .
Jho Low on board his private jet , photographed by Yeo Jiawei .
Low 's private jet played a role in Singapore courts last year at the trial of former BSI Bank wealth planner Yeo Jiawei .
A photograph taken by Yeo , which showed Low in his private jet just before the plane took off for a midnight flight from Singapore to Hong Kong , had been presented in court .
Yeo was sentenced to a total of 30 months ' jail after he was convicted on four charges of witness tampering in what has been described as the largest and most complex money-laundering case seen so far .
Yeo was found to have frustrated investigations into illegal money flows from account , individuals and entities linked to Malaysia 's scandal-hit sovereign wealth fund 1MDB .
Prosecutors said Yeo had amassed a net worth of some S $ 23.9 million in just 15 months through “ secret profits ” after he left the bank in June 2014 to work for Jho Low .
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
Say you are a gay couple and are wonderfully excited because the two of you bought a bakery and are making good money at something you enjoy . One day , however , this guy comes in and wants a cake for a rally against gay marriages . He asks for a design celebrating this event , and you say no sir , we wo n't do that , and suddenly you are in legal trouble .
That would be wrong , right ? Yes , because , if you had done that , you would have been party to something that goes deeply against your soul , what you believe , what you have fought for , what you think are your rights . After all , how is it that you can be compelled to fashion a beautiful display for something you consider so ugly ? The guy happened to be a racial minority , but that 's not why you refused him . In fact , you would happily have sold him any cake in the shop .
But all of that is everyday common sense in tune with American principles , and such arguments have so far failed to work for Jack Phillips in a real-life , non-hypothetical situation .
Philips is a Denver baker . A couple came into his shop one day and wanted him to design a special cake for their upcoming gay marriage . Phillips is a devout Christian who believes same-sex marriage contradicts God 's will . He gently told the couple he would make a cake for them for other purposes but would not devote his own artistic creativity for a purpose alien to his religious conscience .
The couple got their cake elsewhere and then knocked on the door of the Colorado Civil Rights Commission that quickly decided Philips had no rights . If you are dealing with a gay couple , it said , you 've got to perform as demanded , and , if you do n't , you are discriminating and will pay . Lower courts said such actions could hinder gay marriage , and the case is now before the Supreme Court .
We will soon learn whether the promises of the Constitution are still being mowed down as unsightly weeds or if the First Amendment — the promise of the government not interfering with free speech — still has a chance . Whatever ideologically driven legalese says , Philips was discriminating against no one . He was not getting in the way of gay marriage . He was simply saying he would not apply himself personally in expressing sentiments contrary to his idea of what 's right .
This seems perfectly in line with the Supreme Court decision favoring gay marriage . In the written opinion , Justice Anthony Kennedy said that this newly adjudicated right would pose no harm to third parties , that religions would not be forced to applaud something they were against , for instance .
The point is not that we should somehow forget all the torment gays have had to endure over time or somehow foster that , and Philips was doing no such thing . My own sense is that what we 're seeing here is the leftist doctrine that coercion is the only way to the perfect world they imagine . They might want to note that free speech had an awful lot to do with enabling gays to make the progress they have so notably achieved in a more tolerant America .
Another issue here , of course , is religious freedom . Here is something as vital gets , and no , it does n't mean that anything goes . What it means is that even adherents of a faith that promotes loving one 's neighbor should not be forced to abandon it in their daily lives .
By Jay Ambrose Contributing Columnist
Jay Ambrose is an op-ed columnist for Tribune News Service . Readers may email him at speaktojay @ aol.com .
Jay Ambrose is an op-ed columnist for Tribune News Service . Readers may email him at speaktojay @ aol.com .
Germany 's solar industry has crashed and burned after the government drastically cut its subsidies .
This chart tells the story of the industry 's catastrophic collapse :
As Pierre Gosselin reports at No Tricks Zone :
In 2012 over 7000 megawatts of new solar capacity were added . But in 2012 the boom ended abruptly as new laws on feed-in rates were enacted in order to keep the solar energy supply from going out of control . In 2017 , only 600 megawatts of new capacity were expected to be added . That 's a 90 % drop !
And the reason for this is no mystery , as the next chart shows :
In 2007 solar operators in Germany were guaranteed feed-in tariffs of 49.2 euro-cents per KWh ( kilowatt hour ) ; today they are just 12.7 euro-cents per KWh .
As Warren Buffett once said of his wind energy investments : “ They do n't make sense without the tax credit. ” It 's just the same with solar , especially in a country like Germany which sees so little sunshine .
In December 2017 , for example , Germany experienced a total of just ten hours of sunshine in the whole month . So while theoretically its installed solar capacity – a huge 40 gigawatts – is almost enough to power half the country at lunchtime on a sunny day , most of the time it is next to useless .
Germany 's great transition from fossil fuel power to renewables – its Energiewende – will cost the economy an estimated 520 billion Euros ( $ 635 billion ) by 2020 . This is roughly equal to 25,000 Euros ( $ 30,500 ) per family of four .
The collapse of solar industry in Germany puts into perspective EPA chief Scott Pruitt 's recent comments on renewables .
“ It 's not the job of this agency , or any job in the federal government , to use regulatory power to favor of one sector of the economy over another . And what you saw with the past administration is just that — an attitude that says fossil fuel … is something that should be diminished in favor of , what , renewables . That does n't mean renewables should n't be a part of our electricity-generation mix . It should be . But to use regulatory power to favor renewables at the expense natural gas , oil and coal is just something that 's not within the regulatory powers of this agency . And so we 're fixing that . '
Pruitt may well wish to pay lip-service to the notion that renewables “ should ” be part of America 's “ electricity-generation mix. ” In reality , however , he knows that is only going to happen with government subsidies .
As soon as those solar subsidies are taken away , here 's what happens to solar jobs .
That 's the real cost of “ clean ” energy .
NEW YORK — The NFL is checking whether concussion protocol was properly followed Sunday when Houston Texans quarterback Tom Savage was allowed to briefly return to action after a disturbing hit in the end zone that left him with his hands quivering .
League spokesman Joe Lockhart said the NFL and the players ' association `` together will conduct a thorough review of the incident focused on whether the protocol was properly followed , but we 're also continuing looking at the protocol to look for ways to improve and strengthen it . ''
Lockhart said the discovery during this investigation of any possible improvements to the concussion protocol will be quickly implemented .
The NFL 's concussion protocol came under heavy criticism after it failed Savage on Sunday in Houston 's 26-16 loss to the 49ers . Only after Savage briefly returned to the game did the medical crew determine the quarterback did , indeed , have a concussion and remove him from the game .
THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- A Halifax bus mechanic who allegedly created a poisonous work environment by terrorizing his co-workers with racial slurs and harassment no longer works for the municipality .
City spokesman Nick Ritcey says Arthur Maddox is no longer with Halifax Transit but he declined to discuss how or why he left his position , citing `` confidential personnel matters . ''
Arthur Maddox 's tenure with the transit service , which started in 1988 and included a brief termination in 2001 , ended after a Nova Scotia Human Rights Commission board of inquiry decision found his workplace behaviour to be `` disrespectful , aggressive and racist . ''
Lynn Connors , independent board chairwoman , said in her decision released publicly on Tuesday that Maddox bullied his co-workers and intimidated them into silence .
She said the irony did not escape her that Maddox continued to be employed with Halifax Transit while his victims had all left in part due to his behaviour and the `` poisoned work environment '' he created .
Jacques Dube , chief administrative officer for the municipality , issued an apology Tuesday to the complainant and his family .
He said the city is committed to a harassment-free workplace where all people are treated with dignity and respect .
A hearing is set for Monday to discuss the awarding of damages or assignment of mandated training .
The complaint about racism at the transit yard was filed with the provincial human rights commission nearly 12 years ago , in July 2006 .
Equity Watch , a Halifax-based group dedicated to employment equity , is calling for an independent public inquiry into what it calls a long-standing pattern of bullying , harassment and discrimination at the municipality .
The group points to other examples of racism and sexism at the city , including the case of firefighter Liane Tessier . She faced systemic gender discrimination , but her concerns were ignored by the municipality and dismissed by the provincial human rights commission before she eventually received an apology last December .
Earlier this month , a group of African Nova Scotian city employees demanded action on a confidential report from two years ago that found racism in the workplace . Raymond Sheppard , a spokesman for the group , told reporters that `` the anti-black racism and discrimination within HRM is at 1950s levels . ''
`` We believe that these cases are only the tip of the iceberg , '' Equity Watch spokesperson Judy Haiven , a retired management professor at Saint Mary 's University , said in a statement .
`` Apologies , payouts and promises , and claims to want to do better do n't cut it any more . The residents of HRM and equity-seeking groups have a right to know what 's really going on and how we 're going to solve this systemic problem . ''
The group is calling for an independent public inquiry outside of the human rights commission , with its `` dilatory , bureaucratic and uncaring approach , '' Haiven said .
A series of questions will be put to clubs on changes to current inter-club events and the introduction of new competitions to broaden appeal at this year 's Annual Delegates ' Meetings ( ADMs ) in November .
The proposals for change , which will ultimately be decided upon by the Union 's member clubs at these meetings , come after a lengthy review process which involved a survey of 4,000 golfers , a focus group of 12 golf club members and a series of internal discussions between the Provincial Councils and the Union 's Rules & Competitions Committee .
In an acknowledgement of the competitive gulf between the AIG Senior and Junior Cups and the evolution of standards in these competitions since their introduction over 100 years ago , the Connacht , Leinster and Munster Provincial Councils will ask clubs to vote on a change in the handicap limit of the AIG Junior Cup from 5 to 4 .
The Connacht and Munster Provincial Councils will also propose a series of motions seeking to introduce concomitant changes in the other handicap-based competitions , in which the AIG Jimmy Bruen Shield individual handicap limit would be lowered from 6 to 5 , with the minimum combined handicap to be lowered from 17 to 15 . A further proposal from the Munster Council would lower the AIG Pierce Purcell Shield individual handicap limit from 12 to 11 , with the maximum combined handicap to be lowered from 27 to 25 .
The final of these handicap-based motions will also ask clubs to vote on changes to the GUI All-Ireland Four-Ball competition , lowering the individual handicap limit from 16 to 15 and that of the pair from 36 to 34 .
The Leinster Provincial Council will propose a motion seeking to amend the format of the Pierce Purcell Shield from Foursomes to Scotch Foursomes , a format where two players play from the tee with the better tee-shot then being selected and alternate shots being played from then until the completion of the hole .
In addition , the Leinster , Ulster and Connacht Provincial Councils will co-sponsor a motion seeking the introduction of a new All-Ireland inter-club competition for over-55s , while the Leinster and Connacht Councils will join together to propose a motion to introduce a new All-Ireland inter-club nett competition for junior golfers under 18 years of age , which would replace the current Junior Foursomes competition .
The Provincial Councils will publish specific rationales for the motions being proposed ahead of the meetings at which the votes will be taken . All in all , however , the motions seek to respond to an identified need for new competitions to appeal more broadly to the golfing population while enhancing the competitive profile of the current events .
Golf Club members are encouraged to discuss the proposed changes – and indeed to encourage their Clubs to propose their own should they have views on how the events should change . Clubs have already been notified of the deadline for motions by their Branch Offices – these are 16th October ( Leinster ) , 17th October ( Connacht ) , 18th October ( Munster ) and 19th October ( Ulster ) , with each falling 42 days before the relevant ADM .
The changes will be voted on under a new voting system this year , with every club casting one ballot weighted based on the number of delegates they are entitled to send to the meeting .
In a departure from previous years , every single vote cast at each of the four Annual Delegates ' Meetings will be counted and the overall result will determine whether these changes are introduced .
The motions in full :
1 . That the form of play for the AIG Pierce Purcell Shield be modified to Scotch Foursomes .
Proposed by the Leinster Provincial Council
2 . That the Union introduce a new All-Ireland Seniors Inter-Club team event for golfers over the age of 55
Proposed by the Leinster , Connacht and Ulster Provincial Councils
3 . That the Union introduce a new nett Under-18 Inter-Club event for five-man teams with full handicaps applying , to replace the Junior Foursomes
Proposed by the Leinster and Connacht Provincial Councils
4 . That the lower handicap limit of the AIG Junior Cup be reduced from 5 to 4 .
Proposed by the Connacht , Leinster and Munster Provincial Councils
5 . That , in the AIG Jimmy Bruen Shield , the handicap limits be adjusted as follows :
Lowest individual reduced from 6 to 5
Lowest combined reduced from 17 to 15
Proposed by the Connacht and Munster Provincial Councils
6 . That , in the AIG Pierce Purcell Shield , the handicap limits be adjusted as follows :
Lowest individual reduced from 12 to 11
Lowest combined reduced from 27 to 25
Proposed by the Connacht and Munster Provincial Councils
7 . That , in the GUI Four-Ball Inter-Club Championship , the handicap limits be adjusted as follows :
Lowest individual reduced from 16 to 15
Lowest combined reduced from 36 to 34
Proposed by the Connacht and Munster Provincial Councils
Competition was tough and quick during the Yup'ik Spelling Bee this weekend in Anchorage .
Even with four schools from two school districts , competition quickly became a battle between the former champ Daniel Ayaginag Hunter from Nunam Iqua and contenders in Kotlik .
Ayaginag was in the room when his coach , Savanah Caviapak Strongheart took the microphone Saturday to get the competition started .
“ Welcome to the Yup'ik Spelling Bee For Beginners Statewide , the final spelling bee for the season . ”
Everyone knew Ayaginag was the one to beat , but something quickly became apparent : spelling in Yup'ik is a lot harder than spelling in English .
Bearing witness was one contestant who did not place in Saturday 's competition , but earlier came in fourth in the statewide English Spelling Bee .
The Yup'ik alphabet may only have 16 letters , but there are some tough rules , and things that sound kind of close .
“ Oh , even I have trouble with it , ” Cayiapak said . “ Here 's the G and R and the Q and K. Even I have trouble with those . ”
The first word in the spelling bee , “ Qiugliq , ” had almost everyone stumped .
“ Q-U-I-G-L-I-K ”
“ Quyana ” came from the judges . “ Quyana ” is not something a contestant wants to hear in a Yup'ik Spelling Bee . It means “ thank you . ”
What you want to hear is “ Assirtuq , ” which means , “ It 's fine . ”
And we did n't get to hear that until we got through more than half the contestants , to Luci Nayaraq Prince , a speller from Kotlik .
“ Qiugliq . Q-I-U-G-L-I-Q . Qiugliq . ”
“ Assirtuq . ”
Prince was n't in the room .
The three spellers from Kotlik were weathered in and participating via the Internet . But that did not stop them from spelling , though it made it tougher on them to hear the exact pronunciation of the word .
At one point , the technology threw a wringer at Madison Arrsauyaq Okitkun in Kotlik .
“ Ingriq , Ingriq . ”
“ Ing… ”
Then nothing . The picture on the screen froze .
But the frozen network interruption did not stop Madison , who got it right .
“ I-N-G-R-I-Q . Ingriq . ”
“ Assirtuq . ”
There is more at stake here than spelling .
Every adult involved says learning the Yup'ik language is about identity and culture .
Freda Dan , the event 's founder and organizer , grew up without speaking Yup'ik , because her parents wanted her to concentrate on English and do well in school .
She became another statistic in what , at the time , was a prevalent belief that knowing other languages would interfere with learning English .
Nnow there is lots of evidence that multilingual students do better over the long run .
For Dan , who worked to re-learn her language as an adult , the issue became how to make sure her own children could speak and read Yup'ik . That 's when she decided to organize a Yup'ik spelling bee .
“ Ironically , by the time I got it going , something or another would make it so ( none of my kids ) could be in the spelling bee , ” Dan said .
It may have taken her a while to organize that first Yup'ik Spelling Bee , but Saturday it did not take much time to find the winners .
“ Maqaruaq . M-A-Q-A-R-U-A-Q . Maqaruaq . ”
It only took six words to narrow the competition down to Daniel Hunter , who was in the room , and Luci Prince and Madison Okitkun in Kotlik .
“ Assirtuq . ”
Third place went to Laci Nayaraq Prince of Kotlik , second to Madison Arrsauyaq Okitkun of Kotlik , and first place went to Daniel Ayaginag Hunter from Nunam Iqua .
The winning word was “ Aiggaq , ” which means “ hand ” in one dialect .
The same word last year was “ Unan , ” which also means “ hand ” in Yup'ik , but in another dialect .
The spelling bee uses a different dialect each year .
If there is any question about the connection of language to identity , then just look at the winner of this year 's Yup'ik Spelling Bee .
He did not grow up a Yup'ik speaker .
He began by learning the Yup'ik alphabet and speaking Yup'ik in school last year and won the spelling Bee in his first year .
Now he 's back doing the same again with admittedly tougher competition , but it is what he is doing outside of school that underscores the importance of the language to culture and his identity .
Ayaginag Daniel has joined the Nunam Iqua traditional dance group .
In the words of his coach , Caviapak , “ Daniel loves to sing in Yupik . ”
`` I 'll be able to draw on those experiences a lot . I 've drawn on previous experiences this year too , and it 's proved to be very helpful , '' he said . `` Having played on those big stages was great , and I 'll be really comfortable playing ( PGA Tour ) events . ''
Conners will also be able to lean on Hughes , his former teammate at Kent State University , for tips during his rookie season . Conners said his girlfriend and Hughes ' wife have been texting a lot to prepare for the year ahead .
`` It 'll be great to have ( Mackenzie ) and the other Canadian guys to learn from . It 'll be an easy transition , '' he said . At 4 over , Hughes missed the cut .
Derek Ingram , the men 's head coach of Golf Canada 's national team — which includes graduates from Conners , Hughes , DeLaet , Hadwin , and Taylor — thought having all these players on the PGA Tour at the same time would have taken a bit longer , but Hughes ' victory at the RSM Classic last November accelerated things .
`` There are a lot of guys on the PGA Tour who can learn a ton from Corey Conners and Mackenzie Hughes . I 'd say 80 to 90 per cent of Tour players could learn a lot from those two guys , '' he said .
`` It 'll be nice to have a buddy out there for sure . Corey will lean on ( Mackenzie ) heavily for the golf course details and where to stay … just the process of the PGA Tour . They 're great friends . ''
Although Silverman is 29 , he said he does n't feel like an elder statesman among his younger peers .
`` I did n't play my first tournament until I was 16 , so I kind of feel like I 'm at the same point as these guys on the golf course , '' he said . `` Off the golf course it 's a little different . I have a family . I just do n't feel 30 when I 'm playing professional golf . ''
Golf Canada CEO Laurence Applebaum said there has been a `` groundswell '' of enthusiasm around the Canadians who are representing the country in golf .
`` It 's trending as if at least a dozen men and women will be playing on the PGA and LPGA Tours in 2018 , and wins by Brooke Henderson , Mackenzie Hughes and Adam Hadwin , who just played in his first Presidents Cup , have been inspiring , '' he said .
David Hearn will also play this week at the Safeway Open , which goes from Oct. 5-8 in Napa , Calif. Hearn has conditional status on the PGA Tour this year after finishing 128th on the FedEx Cup standings last season . The top 125 golfers each year earn full status .
The Canadian Press
MILAN , March 30 Italy 's Banca Profilo says in its 2017-2019 plan :
* Targets total assets of 9 billion euros in 2019 , 6.6 billion euros of which from private banking
* Aims for 70 million euros of revenues in 2019 with private and investment banking revenue rising to 25 million euros
* Targets operating profit of more than 10 million euros and net profit of more than 6 million euros in 2019
* Targets CET1 capital ratio above 18 percent over the next three years
* Expects dividend payout of more than 70 percent ( Reporting by Valentina Za )
House Speaker Paul Ryan ( R-WI ) speaks with the media following a conference meeting on Capitol Hill in Washington , U.S. , April 26 , 2017 . REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein
U.S . Senator Ron Wyden ( D-OR ) speaks at a news conference on U.S. President Trump 's administration 's first 100 days and healthcare , on Capitol Hill in Washington , U.S. , April 26 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Representative Mark Meadows ( R-NC ) , Chairman of the Freedom Caucus , walks to a vote on Capitol Hill in Washington , U.S. , April 26 , 2017 . REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein
U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan greets children of members of the press during 'Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day ' on Capitol Hill in Washington , U.S , April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S . Senators Patty Murray ( D-WA ) and Ron Wyden ( D-OR ) , ( L ) , and Representative Frank Pallone ( D-NJ ) arrive at a news conference on U.S. President Trump 's administration 's first 100 days and healthcare , on Capitol Hill in Washington , U.S. , April 26 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S . Senator Patty Murray ( D-WA ) speaks at a news conference on U.S. President Trump 's administration 's first 100 days and healthcare , on Capitol Hill in Washington , U.S. , April 26 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan speaks about healthcare at his weekly press briefing on Capitol Hill in Washington , U.S , April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
The newly constructed Kaiser Permanente San Diego Medical Center hospital is shown in San Diego , California , U.S. , April 17 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mike Blake
WASHINGTON U.S. House leaders have decided against holding a vote on a reworked healthcare system overhaul this week after failing to find the necessary support , congressional aides said on Thursday .
White House officials had urged a floor vote on the legislation before President Donald Trump 's 100th day in office on Saturday , hoping to follow through on a campaign promise to repeal and replace the 2010 Affordable Care Act , also known as Obamacare .
Advocates had hoped to raise enough support for the measure after a group of hard-line Republican conservatives endorsed an amended version on Wednesday .
But by Thursday evening Republican leaders still had not collected enough votes from moderate Republicans whose backing was also needed for passage in the House , given united Democratic opposition .
`` We wo n't vote this week , '' said one House Republican aide , who asked not to be named . Next week was not ruled out , another indicated . `` We 'll call a vote when we have the votes . ''
Representative Pete Sessions , a senior House Republican , also left the door open to a vote next week .
Possibly referring to Trump , Sessions said that a lot of people had tried to rush the legislation to the floor , but House Republican leaders want to `` allow the time to do it right .
`` I said it will find its time and I am satisfied we are moving at a pace , keeping people engaged , '' he said at a late night session of the House Rules Committee he chairs .
The Republican healthcare bill would replace Obamacare 's income-based tax credit with an age-based credit , roll back an expansion of the Medicaid government health insurance program for the poor and repeal most Obamacare taxes .
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office had estimated 24 million fewer people would have insurance than under the original version .
House leaders brought the bill to the floor last month after Trump demanded a vote , but yanked it after a rebellion by Republican moderates and the party 's most conservative lawmakers , in a major setback for Trump .
An amendment drafted by Representative Tom MacArthur won over conservatives in the hardline Freedom Caucus this week , reviving some hopes that the bill could still pass .
The amendment would allow states to seek waivers from some provisions . Among these are one mandating that insurers charge those with pre-existing conditions the same as healthy consumers , and that insurers cover so-called essential health benefits , such as maternity care .
But a number of centrist Republicans still opposed the measure .
`` Protections for those with pre-existing conditions without contingency , and affordable access to coverage for every American , remain my priorities for advancing healthcare reform , and this bill does not satisfy those benchmarks for me , '' Representative Ryan Costello of Pennsylvania said in a statement posted on social network Twitter on Thursday .
Some outside groups like the American Medical Association weighed in against the legislation , saying it would cost millions their health care coverage . The bill 's future is further clouded in the Senate .
( Reporting by Susan Cornwell and Susan Heavey ; Additional reporting by Amanda Becker , Will Dunham and Richard Cowan ; Editing by Julia Edwards Ainsley and Clarence Fernandez )
Fears have been raised over the safety of expectant mums after it emerged that the district 's maternity service had to temporarily close on five occasions last year .
Mid Yorkshire Hospitals Trust closed to admissions when there were not enough midwives to look after all the women needing complex care .
Closures in 2016 affected the trust 's labour ward at Pinderfields Hospital and midwife-led birth units at Dewsbury and Pontefract .
Gill Pownall , assistant director of nursing and midwifery , said only two women were diverted to neighbouring hospitals .
She said : “ The duration of a closure is dependent upon the number of women in the unit and the complexity of the care they require .
“ Where the unit is closed for a protracted period of time this is to ensure that all women receive high quality and safe care .
“ The unit will not reopen until it is safe to do so .
“ Any woman contacting the maternity unit during a closure would be triaged and supported to access care in another NHS trust . No women have ever been moved out of the unit . ”
Mid Yorkshire said the closures were not caused solely by staffing shortages .
But recruitment problems and government budget cuts are being blamed for a 70 per cent rise in closures of maternity units in England over two years .
Figures obtained by the Labour Party show maternity wards temporarily closed 382 times during 2016 .
Wakefield Labour MP Mary Creagh said : “ I am extremely concerned by these findings .
“ Giving birth is an anxious time for mums-to-be without worrying that you will be turned away from your local maternity ward . Women in Wakefield deserve to know that they can give birth in a safe hospital environment and not be shunted off to Leeds or Barnsley by the sudden closure of Pinderfields maternity unit . ”
Mid Yorkshire said the last time it had to close to maternity admissions was for a one-hour period in February this year .
. @ BrianStelter on Charlottesville : `` You could make the case that Saturday was the worst day of the Trump presidency '' https : //t.co/qH3mxqKbbZ
Sunday on CNN 's “ Reliable Sources , ” host Brian Stelter offered his thoughts on the violence in Charlottesville , VA a day earlier that erupted during the white nationalist protest and the fallout following President Donald Trump 's response to the violence , saying it could be “ the worst day of the Trump presidency . ”
advertisement
“ You could make the case that Saturday was the worst day of the Trump presidency , with so many commentators include manager Republican commentators and GOP senators and congressmen criticizing the president for his half-hearted response , ” said Stelter . ”
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @ MagnifiTrent
The court documents state that Guy and the others went to College Villa Apartments on Ladnier Road with a Ruger P94 9mm gun with the intent to harm another woman . ( Photo source : WLOX )
Gautier investigators say the woman killed at an apartment complex Monday night went there with four other women to assault someone .
The information contained in the police affidavits filed with Gautier City Court lists Taleya Guy as a co-conspirator with four other women charged in the case .
The court documents state that Guy and the others went to College Villa Apartments on Ladnier Rd . with a Ruger P94 9mm gun with the intent to harm another woman .
Witnesses reported hearing multiple gunshots at the apartment complex . Police arrived at the complex for the discharge of a firearm .
When police arrived , they found only bullet casings . A short time later , police found Guy 's body in a vacant home just a few blocks away from the apartment .
As a result of the investigation , Jasmine Anderson , 26 ; Phyllis Williams , 29 ; Lamonica Boone , 23 ; and Tinisha Massey , 23 have all been charged with conspiracy to commit aggravated assault .
Bond was set at $ 25,000 for each of the suspects .
Anderson posted bond at 10:30 am Friday . Williams and Boone posted bond on Thursday . Massey remains in custody on a probation violation , which prevents her from being able to bond out .
None of the women are charged with killing Guy . The case will be presented to a grand jury .
Taleya Guy was a hair stylist at the Ocean Springs Walmart . A memorial with flowers and pictures was set up on Friday at her former workplace .
On Saturday Feb. 3 at 2 p.m. , Guy 's co-workers will hold a balloon release in her memory near the garden center at the Ocean Springs Walmart .
Guy 's funeral is scheduled for Tuesday , Feb. 6 .
Copyright 2018 WLOX . All rights reserved .
Gulfport police held a press conference to address the perceived threat of gunfire at North Gulfport Middle School on Thursday .
April 28 Westjet Airlines Ltd :
* Westjet - announces appointment of Bob Cummings as executive vp for yet-to-be-named ultra-low-cost carrier which will launch late in 2017 or early 2018 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
WASHINGTON , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Donald Trump accused the FBI and the Justice Department of politicizing its investigations on Friday , just as the White House is expected to approve the release of a secret Republican memo alleging FBI bias against him in its Russia probe .
“ The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago . Rank & File are great people ! , ” Trump wrote in a post on Twitter . ( Reporting by Susan Heavey ; Editing by Peter Graff )
April 20 Axfood Ab
* Q1 consolidated net sales amounted to sek 10,639 m ( 10,305 ) , an increase of 3.2 %
* Q1 operating profit 397 m ( 408 sek )
* Says reiterates forecast
* Says the forecast is an operating profit in 2017 that is level with the outcome for 2016
* Says stands by estimate for food inflation of 1-2 % during 2017
* Reuters poll : Axfood Q1 net sales seen at 10,623 million sek , EBIT at 397 million sek Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Rebecka Roos )
KNOXVILLE ( WATE ) – Ande Abercrombie was ecstatic to find solar eclipse glasses for sale at the Muse Knoxville on Monday .
“ So relieved , so relieved . We were lucky , ” said Abercrombie .
Glasses are flying off the shelves at most places that sell them . Abercrombie thought she was ahead of the game by purchasing some online through Amazon a month ago .
Related story : Amazon recalls solar eclipse glasses a week before event
However she received an email from Amazon over the weekend stating there was concern over the quality of the glasses and they had been recalled . The email said she would be getting a refund .
“ I kind of hoped we had scathed by without being part of recall , but we were disappointed , ” said Abercrombie .
Related : Where to get solar eclipse glasses in Knoxville
She did n't want to take the risk and set out to find new ones .
Optometrist Blake Rust from The Eye Group says she made a good decision .
“ Absolutely throw them away , do not use them , ” said Rust .
Rust says the risk is n't worth your vision . Even looking at the sun for just a few seconds without the proper eye wear is dangerous .
While it takes special equipment to test these kinds of glasses to make sure they are legit , Rust says there are a few things you can look for at home .
Make sure they have a certified ISO stamp . Put them on and look at a light , they should be completely dark . Always buy them from someone you trust .
He says it is all about safety and making sure you 're keeping your family and eyes safe .
“ Exposure could result in permanent loss of vision . You 've got two eyes and only have two . You want to do everything you can to protect them . Do not look at the sun unless you have the right certified eye wear , ” said Rust .
Amazon said in a released statement that safety is one of their highest priorities , going onto say , “ Out of an abundance of caution , we have proactively reached out to customers and provided refunds for eclipse glasses that may not comply with industry standards . We want customers to buy with confidence anytime they make a purchase on Amazon.com eclipse glasses sold on Amazon.com are required to comply with the relevant ISO standard . ”
January 2 , 2017
by Ross Marowits , The Canadian Press
MONTREAL—SNC-Lavalin has sold its operations in France and exited the airport management and maintenance business with the sale of 19 regional airports .
The Montreal-based engineering and construction firm announced that it has signed and closed an agreement to sell its ongoing activities in France and in Monaco to Ciclad and Impact Holding for a nominal amount . The price will be disclosed in March with the release of its quarterly results .
The deal includes 13 offices that cover several markets such as industry , agribusiness , transportation and cities .
About 1,100 employees are being transferred to the new owners .
The airports are located in smaller French cities such as Reims , Dijon , Toulouse and Tours , along with the Caribbean island of Saint Martin and the French territory of Mayotte in the Indian Ocean . One airport is located in Castellon in Spain .
The sale is part of the company 's efforts to improve its profitability by focusing on its four core business sectors : oil and gas , mining and metallurgy , infrastructure and power .
In June , SNC-Lavalin announced the sale of its real estate facilities management business in Canada , along with 1,100 employees , to Brookfield Global Integrated Solutions for $ 45 million . It also sold its interest in the Malta International Airport for $ 96.5 million earlier last year .
While the company has held the operations in France since the mid 1990s , they have not generated the expected profitability , infrastructure president Ian Edwards said in a news release .
“ Even with this deal , nothing prevents us in the near future to work on a project in France , ” added SNC spokesman Louis-Antoine Paquin .
The sale excludes SNC-Lavalin 's investment in TC Dome S.A.S. , a 5.3-km tourist mountain railroad on a large lava dome in Puy-de-Dome , west of Lyon . The company is hoping to complete the sale of this asset in 2017 .
LONDON ( Reuters Breakingviews ) - Jes Staley has put his foot in it . Barclays ' chief executive will get a pay cut after he tried twice last year to unmask a letter-writing whistleblower who impugned the character of a recent recruit at the bank . The error may seem morally defensible : Staley wanted to defend a colleague from what he saw as unfounded smears . But it does n't say good things about Barclays ' internal processes .
Protecting those brave enough to second-guess management is vital , if whistleblowing is to act as a plausible check on financial wrongdoing . UK politicians acknowledged as much following the financial crisis . Despite a recent toughening of its regime , British regulators have ruled out U.S.-style financial rewards . Turning informant remains fraught with peril , and is more often described as career suicide than noble deed . In that sense , Staley 's punishment should help .
Still , Barclays is fortunate that at least one of the authorities investigating does n't think bosses should have to go for `` honest mistakes '' . Bank of England Governor Mark Carney used this phrase to describe former Deputy Governor Charlotte Hogg 's failure to declare a potential conflict of interest over her brother 's employment at , ironically , Barclays . A public outcry forced Hogg to resign anyway , but “ the Hogg defence ” provides banks with helpful cover .
In one sense , Staley 's failings are more serious . While Hogg 's sin was one of omission rather than commission , the Barclays boss actually attempted to influence the course of an administrative process from which he should have recused himself . Had he succeeded , it may have cowed other Barclays whistleblowers from coming forward . As it was , his two efforts to identify the tipster failed .
A partial exoneration is that Staley 's witch hunts were undertaken because he did n't appear to understand whistleblowers ' right to be protected . Hogg had no such defence , since she had recently overseen an overhaul of BoE guidelines on conflicts of interest .
Yet given Staley should have known the rules , it reflects badly on him . It also looks bad for Barclays : the incident only came to light as a result of a separate complaint about the bank 's whistleblowing regime this year . That suggests more profound failings . A board-instigated review of the related procedures feels like too little , too late .
Corrine Olympios wants to “ seek justice ” for the Bachelor In Paradise incident . And is Teresa Giudice cheating on her husband ? These stories and more in today 's Dirty Laundry .
TMZ is reporting that Corinne Olympios has hired a team headed by Marty Singer to “ seek justice ” for the Bachelor in Paradise swimming pool incident . Corinne tells TMZ … “ I am victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened on June 4 . Although I have little memory of that night , something bad obviously took place , which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production. ” Corinne goes on … “ As a woman , this is my worst nightmare and it has now become my reality . As I pursue the details and facts surrounding that night and the immediate days after , I have retained a group of professionals to ensure that what happened on June 4 comes to light and I can continue my life , including hiring an attorney to obtain justice and seeking therapy to begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that evening . ”
DeMario Jackson claims the video will show the truth and he wants it released . Sources are saying that Corinne was the aggressor and one source even goes on to say that Corinne hooked up with 3 other contestants ( Derek Peth , Nick Benvenuth and Alex Woytkiw ) after the incident in question . AND another source says the producer that complained is Corinne 's best friend and told her that her actions with DeMario and the other men made her look bad for her upcoming show that she was allegedly getting and that 's why she 's claiming she 's the victim .
Is Real Housewives of New Jersey 's Teresa Giudice cheating on her husband , Joe Giudice , while he 's in jail ? According to some reports and another former castmember , Kim DePaola , YES ! ! And it 's been going on for months . Teresa says the story is n't true .
The Manchester , England city council plans to make Ariana Grande the first recipient of an honorary citizenship to the city . She will be honored for organizing and performing her One Love Manchester concert benefiting victims of the May 22 bombing at a Grande concert that killed 22 people , BBC reports .
Rumors are that Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are finally tying the knot and eloping in Vegas on July 4th !
Check out this crazy tattoo that Diddy just got ! It 's a lifelike Biblical image across his whole back ! It 's a copy of the oldest known Ethiopian painting of the Mother and Child or Theotokos which dates back to the 15th Century .
Kylie Jenner is launching a new Kylie Cosmetics collection to celebrate the start of the summer season and they 're available June 15 at 3 pm PT . The collection includes three different highlighters , five new liquid lipstick shades and a major eyeshadow and more than likely will sell out .
And Kim Kardashian is launching her own cosmetics line , too called KKW Beauty . And I predict that the Kim Kardashian 's HOT bodyguard will be fired after Kanye sees this photo of the bodyguard helping Kim into a building with his hand on her butt !
Oprah Winfrey says she will never run for public office so in case you were wondering about all the rumors there ya go… Oprah is busy throwing Wonder Woman parties for 28 10 year olds at her home… here 's the video… and she 's also going on cruises ! You can go on an Alaskan cruise July 15-22 with Oprah and Gayle King . Book It ! hollandamerica.com/oprahmag
Or maybe you 'd like to take a fan cruise with David Hasselhoff happening November 4–9 . Begins and ends in Savona , Italy , making stops in Rome , Barcelona and Marseille . Book It ! checkintoevents.com
But my favorite cruise to be on would be with New Kids on the Block . It 's the Pajama Jammy Jam party October 19–23 from New Orleans to Cozumel . Book It ! nkotbcruise.com
The body of a man has been discovered in Ranelagh in Dublin .
The 22 year old was found unresponsive with a head injury outside the Luas stop on Ranelagh Road at around 4.40 this morning .
He was taken to Hospital where he was pronounced dead on arrival .
The scene has been preserved and the Coroner has been notified .
Gardai say a review of CCTV and a post mortem will determine the course of the investigation .
SAINT PÉ
Ian Saint Pé is the guitarist and vocalist for legendary Atlanta garage band Black Lips . He 's now touring on his on own as Saint Pé , still playing basement-brewed psych rock . He performs Friday , July 6 , at This Ai n't Hollywood , 345 James St. N. , with Hamilton 's Shade and Delta Days . Show at 9 p.m. $ 15 or $ 10 in advance .
ALEX PANGMAN
Alex Pangman is Canada 's sweetheart of swing . The Juno-nominated singer performs with her Alleycats trio ( Peter Hill on piano , Glenn Anderson on drums , Jack Zorawski on double bass ) at the Artword Artbar , 15 Colbourne St. at James North , on Friday , July 6 , at 8 p.m. , $ 15 .
BONOBO
Bonobo is the stage name for British electronic music guru Simon Green . His experimental music melds jazz and world music into soothing soundscapes , incorporating beats and samples . Bonobo and his band perform at the Royal Botanical Gardens on Saturday , July 7 , at 5:30 p.m. Advance tickets are $ 49.50 available through Ticketmaster . With St. Germain and Elderbrook .
Countervailing duties target what the U.S. considers unfair subsidies , while anti-dumping tariffs go after the alleged selling of imported products below market value .
A Bombardier union said it was n't surprised by the new duty given the 48 per cent increase in the number of dumping allegations since the Trump administration took office .
`` These tribunals are like the right arm of the large corporations of Boeing , '' said Dave Chartrand , Quebec co-ordinator of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers .
He said workers will fight even harder to get the duty reversed .
`` We will stand up and we will fight . ''
The U.S. aerospace giant petitioned to the government in April after its smaller rival secured a deal for up to 125 of its CS100s with Delta in 2016 . The firm order for 75 aircraft had a list price of US $ 5.6 billion , although large orders typically secure large discounts .
The department 's preliminary countervailing duty findings agreed with Boeing that Bombardier benefited from improper government subsidies , giving it an unfair advantage when selling its CSeries 100- to 150-seat jets south of the border .
Bombardier has repeatedly stressed that Americans will be hurt by the tariffs because more than half the content on the CSeries is sourced by U.S. suppliers , including Pratt & Whitney engines . The program is expected to generate more than US $ 30 billion in business over its life and support more than 22,700 American jobs in 19 states .
Bombardier is hoping the high duties wo n't stand when the Department of Commerce announces its final ruling in December . The key decision likely wo n't come , however , until the U.S. International Trade Commissions decides whether the Bombardier-Delta deal actually hurt Boeing 's business , a decision that 's not expected until early February .
A protracted battle could then ensue if either side appeals the case to the U.S. Court of International Trade , brings it before NAFTA dispute bodies , or even take the matter to the World Trade Organization .
Boeing 's complaint has prompted a heavy political reaction from the Canadian government and British Prime Minister Theresa May , who fears job losses at Bombardier 's wing assembly facility in Northern Ireland .
Canada has threatened to cancel the planned purchase of 18 Super Hornets to temporarily augment Canada 's aging fleet of CF-18s .
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and May are appealing directly to U.S. President Donald Trump .
The Canadian Press
DARKE COUNTY – Girls basketball players from Arcanum , Franklin Monroe and Tri-Village were named first team all-Cross County Conference for the 2017-18 season .
Arcanum 's Kayla O'Daniel , Franklin Monroe 's Audrey Cable , Franklin Monroe 's Corina Conley , Tri-Village 's Maddie Downing and Tri-Village 's Lissa Siler all were named first team all-CCC .
Ansonia 's Trinity Henderson , Bradford 's Skipp Miller , Tri-Village 's Trisa Porter and Tri-Village 's Emma Printz were named second team all-conference .
Ansonia 's Katie Werts , Arcanum 's Gracie Garno , Bradford 's Emma Canan , Franklin Monroe 's Kennedy Morris , Mississinawa Valley 's Sidnie Hunt and Tri-Village 's Andi Bietry made the CCC 's special mention team .
Miami East 's Morgan Haney was named the CCC girls basketball player of the year , and Miami East 's Bruce Vanover was named the CCC girls basketball coach of the year .
Miami East won the conference championship with a 12-0 league record , Tri-Village finished second at 11-1 , Franklin Monroe and Covington tied for third at 9-3 , Arcanum and Newton tied for fifth at 8-4 , Bethel finished seventh at 5-7 , Bradford and Twin Valley South tied for eighth at 4-8 , Ansonia and Tri-County North tied for 10th at 3-9 , National Trail finished 12th at 2-10 , and Mississinawa Valley finished 13th at 0-12 .
All-CCC girls basketball
First team
Kayla O'Daniel , Arcanum
Samantha Whiteman , Covington
Audrey Cable , Franklin Monroe
Corina Conley , Franklin Monroe
Morgan Haney , Miami East
Haley Howard , Miami East
Tatum McBride , Newton
Aubrey Stupp , Tri-County North
Maddie Downing , Tri-Village
Lissa Siler , Tri-Village
Player of the year : Morgan Haney , Miami East
Coach of the year : Bruce Vanover , Miami East
Second team
Trinity Henderson , Ansonia
Kenna Gray , Bethel
Skipp Miller , Bradford
Jordan Crowell , Covington
Camryn Miller , Miami East
Makena Laird , National Trail
Anna Wolfe , Newton
Trisa Porter , Tri-Village
Emma Printz , Tri-Village
Mylan Crews , Twin Valley South
Special mention
Katie Werts , Ansonia
Gracie Garno , Arcanum
Klaudia Lowery , Bethel
Emma Canan , Bradford
Victoria Lyle , Covington
Kennedy Morris , Franklin Monroe
Bailey Miller , Miami East
Sidnie Hunt , Mississinawa Valley
Savanna Abner , National Trail
Mallory Dunlevy , Newton
Megan Poling , Tri-County North
Andi Bietry , Tri-Village
Kelsie Shafer , Twin Valley South
O'Daniel http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Kayla-O-Daniel-WEB-1.jpg O'Daniel Cable http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Audrey-Cable-WEB-1.jpg Cable Conley http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Corina-Conley-WEB-3.jpg Conley Downing http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Maddie-Downing-WEB-2.jpg Downing Siler http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Lissa-Siler-WEB-3.jpg Siler
By Kyle Shaner kshaner @ aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
From Harford County government :
This summer , explore the natural beauty of Harford County streams , take selfies at your favorite locations and win prizes in Harford Streams Summer Adventure , a program from the Harford County Department of Public Works ' Office of Watershed Protection and Restoration .
Harford Streams Summer Adventure raises awareness and support for protecting natural resources by encouraging visitors to Harford County 's scenic waterways . County citizens of all ages are welcome to join in the program , which is open now through September 4 , 2017 .
Participation is easy . Simply register and choose places to visit from the list of Harford stream locations , with the option of substituting up to five county locations of your own . Use Harford Streams ' online app to send in selfies from seven different locations to earn a free Harford Streams Summer Adventure T-shirt . Visit 11 locations for a chance to win a guided pontoon boat ride on Otter Point Creek for up to 15 people ; visit 15 spots for a chance at a family membership to the Maryland Science Center .
New this year , in partnership with the nonprofit Visit Harford , county residents and non-residents alike can win a T-shirt and other prizes in a “ poker run ” planned for Saturday , July 15 . Beginning at the Harford Glen Environmental Education Center in Bel Air , participants will visit a total of five locations and take selfies while collecting one playing card from an attendant at each site . All participants who complete the poker run will earn a T-shirt and the players with the top poker hands will win additional prizes . Details will be published in mid-June on the county website .
“ Harford County has so many beautiful streams to enjoy ; we want to raise awareness and help preserve them for the next generation , ” said County Executive Barry Glassman . “ I hope you 'll join me this summer in discovering and rediscovering some of these special places in our own backyard . ”
Visit the county website today to register for the program , view a complete list of Harford stream locations and start uploading selfies with a stream in the background to qualify for prizes at www.harfordcountymd.gov/HarfordStreams/SummerAdventure .
Share your adventures on social media using the hashtag # HarfordStreams2017 and follow the fun on Facebook at Harford Streams , on Twitter @ HarfordCountyMD , and on Instagram at Harford_County_Government_ .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ALEXANDRIA , Va. – Loud noises outside of an Alexandria man 's apartment building startled him out of a deep sleep Wednesday morning .
“ We woke up to what sounded like construction work , ” said Kyle Coble .
He soon realized the situation was much more serious when he looked out his apartment window to investigate .
“ I looked across the street and there was a bunch of people laying down in the dog park so obviously something was going on , ” said Coble .
When Coble figured out the loud noises were gunshots , he called 911 and started recording video with his cell phone .
“ It lasted a good 10 minutes or so . It was probably at least 40 or 50 gunshots , ” he said .
Police said roughly 200 yards from Coble 's apartment , 66-year-old James Hodgkinson opened fire on Republican members of Congress holding an early-morning practice ahead of a charity baseball game .
The gunfire wounded five people including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and one member of his Capitol police security detail . Another Capitol police officer and another congressman also sustained minor injuries .
President Donald Trump said the alleged gunman , of Belleville , Illinois , had been killed .
At least six people including Scalise , the third ranking member of House Republican leadership as the majority whip , were hospitalized .
Scalise was in critical condition after surgery , according to So Young Pak , spokeswoman for MedStar Washington Hospital Center . Scalise is out of his first surgery , according to a Scalise aide . It is not clear if he will have a second surgery . His wife Jennifer and their two young children are traveling up from New Orleans to Washington now to be with him .
A congressional staffer , Zach Barth , was also shot in the leg and has since been released from the hospital . Matt Mika , a lobbyist for Tyson Foods and former staffer , was also identified as one of the victims . He was out of surgery and in critical condition as of Wednesday afternoon , according to a statement from his family .
House Speaker Paul Ryan also identified two members of the Capitol Police who were injured , Crystal Griner and David Bailey . In a statement , Capitol Police said Griner was in `` good condition in the hospital having been shot in the ankle , '' and that Bailey `` was treated and released having sustained a minor injury during the incident . ''
Rep. Roger Williams , a Texas Republican , was also hospitalized and released with an injury to his ankle .
As of Wednesday afternoon , Mika was in surgery and in critical condition , according to a statement from his family .
Lawmakers who were there described a chaotic scene , with many members of the congressional GOP baseball team huddled in a dugout while Capitol police who were part of Scalise 's security detail and local Alexandria police engaged in a shoot-out with Hodgkinson . Congressional and law enforcement sources described it as a `` deliberate attack . ''
Traces are still being done on the two firearms recovered at the scene -- an SKS rifle 7.62 ( which is a Chinese-made AK variant ) and a 9 mm pistol , a law enforcement source tells CNN .
Later , House Republican and Democratic leaders called for unity and praised the police , while Trump in an address from the White House said that the prayers of the nation and world are with Scalise .
`` Congressman Scalise is a friend , and a very good friend , '' Trump said . `` He 's a patriot . And he 's a fighter . He will recover from this assault -- and Steve , I want you to know that you have the prayers not only of the entire city behind you , but of an entire nation , and frankly the entire world . America is praying for you and America is praying for all of the victims of this terrible shooting . ''
Ryan condemned the shooting and praised the Capitol police on the House floor later Wednesday .
`` We are united . We are united in our shock . We are united in our anguish . An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us , '' Ryan said , drawing a bipartisan standing ovation .
Members practicing for traditional baseball game
Members of Congress were practicing for a game that was scheduled for Thursday night at Nationals Park . Rep. Martha McSally , R-Arizona , said the game will still go on as scheduled . The annual game has been played since 1909 , and McSally said lawmakers applauded the announcement at an all-members meeting .
Rep. Joe Barton , who manages the Republican team , said at a news conference that the game has added the Fallen Officers Fund as a charity it 's sponsoring .
Rep. Mike Doyle , who manages the Democratic team , said at the same conference that they would like to host the entire Republican team at the Democratic club for dinner to reflect Wednesday night . `` Some of them have probably never set foot in that building , '' he joked .
Lawmakers describe a terrifying scene
Lawmakers who spoke at the scene to reporters described a normal morning practice , at a field where they 've practiced for years , when suddenly shots rang out . Lawmakers , staff members and even the young son of one of the members ran for cover , jumping into dugouts and over fences to avoid the gunshots .
Members described Scalise dragging himself roughly 15 yards away from second base , where he had been playing , and lying there until the shooter was neutralized , at which point some of them ran to assist him and apply pressure to the wound until he could be evacuated . Once they were able , Sen. Jeff Flake said he and Rep. Brad Wenstrup , who is a physician , went to where Scalise was lying to apply pressure to the wound . Scalise was coherent the whole time , Flake said .
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul told CNN `` it would have been a massacre '' without the Capitol Hill Police officers present .
`` Nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill police , '' Paul said on CNN . `` It would have been a massacre without them . ''
`` We had nothing but baseball bats to fight back against a rifle with , '' Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks said .
Flake added that he saw a member of Scalise 's security detail return fire on the gunman for what felt like 10 minutes , even though the police officer was wounded in the leg .
`` Fifty ( shots ) would be an understatement , I 'm quite sure , '' Flake said when asked about the total amount of gunfire , including police returning fire .
Brooks said the shooter was behind the third base dugout and did n't say anything .
`` The gun was a semiautomatic , '' Brooks said , adding that he was sure it was a rifle but unsure what kind . `` It continued to fire at different people . You can imagine , all the people on the field scatter . ''
Shooter identified
Hodgkinson 's Facebook page is largely political , his profile picture is a caricature of Bernie Sanders as Uncle Sam .
The Facebook feed is filled with anti-Trump sentiments such as `` Trump is guilty and should go to prison for treason . ''
He also `` liked '' a political cartoon that suggested Scalise should be fired . On March 22 , he posted `` Trump is a Traitor . Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy . It 's Time to Destroy Trump & Co . ''
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders said both in a statement and on the Senate floor that he had learned the shooter volunteered on his presidential campaign -- and that he condemned the shooting `` in the strongest possible terms . ''
`` I have just been informed that the alleged shooter at the Republican baseball practice is someone who apparently volunteered on my presidential campaign , '' Sanders said .
`` I am sickened by this despicable act . Let me be as clear as I can be . Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms , '' he said . `` Real change can only come about through nonviolent action , and anything else runs against our most deeply held American values . ''
Capitol Hill increases security , cancels events
The news of the shooting reverberated on Capitol Hill , where security was increased and regular proceedings were canceled or postponed .
He also said he 'd seen an image of members of the Democratic congressional baseball team huddled in prayer after learning of the shooting .
`` Every day we come here to test and to challenge each other . We feel so deeply about the things that we fight for and the things that we believe in . At times , our emotions can clearly get the best of us . We are all imperfect . But we do not shed our humanity when we enter this chamber . For all the noise and all the fury , we are one family , '' Ryan said .
The House decided to not hold any votes on legislation Wednesday , and many hearings were delayed . The House Natural Resources Federal Lands Subcommittee also canceled a scheduled meeting to debate gun legislation .
Capitol Hill Police notified congressional offices that the security presence on the Hill would be increased `` out of an abundance of caution . ''
Members of Congress targeted in the past by violence
Scalise is the first member of Congress to be shot since former Arizona Rep. Gabby Giffords in January 2011 . Giffords was shot in the head by Jared Lee Loughner at a `` Congress On Your Corner '' event at a Tucson grocery store . Giffords , who authorities said was the main target of the shooting , survived the attack but six others were killed and an additional 12 were injured .
Loughner pleaded guilty in 2012 and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole .
President Donald Trump 's merit immigration reform will raise Americans ' salaries and put roughly additional 2.3 million sidelined Americans back to work in a decade , admits a business-funded university group .
The admission adds to the other forecasts and the real-world data now which are bolstering Trump 's prediction that a reduced inflow of foreign workers will boost wages for working Americans . Overall , Trump 's “ Hire American ” policy is opposed by the investors , business groups and employers who gain from the nation 's cheap-labor economic policy .
advertisement
The new admissions are buried under the group 's diversionary claims that Trump 's merit immigration plan — dubbed the “ RAISE ' plan — will reduce total employment and business revenue by 2027 . The Penn Wharton Budget Model group says :
By 2027 , our analysis projects that RAISE will reduce GDP by 0.7 percent relative to current law , and reduce jobs by 1.3 million . By 2040 , GDP will be about 2 percent lower and jobs will fall by 4.6 million .
The group 's report is being accepted by credulous reporters , but it is a diversion because it distracts readers from the hidden admission that Trump 's reform will accomplish what it is intended to accomplish — to raise wages and to get more Americans back to work .
The popular “ Reforming American Immigration for Strong Employment ( RAISE ) Act ” would raise Americans ' wages by deliberately reducing the inflow of wage-cutting cheap-labor immigrants . With fewer imported workers , native-born Americans will be able to get higher wages via the normal rule of supply-and-demand in the labor market , says the plan , which is championed by Trump and which was drafted by two GOP Senators , Georgia Sen. David Perdue and Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton .
When pressed by Breitbart News , the group 's leader , economic professor Kent Smetters , admitted that Trump 's merit immigration plan will continue to raise Americans ' wages for the next 33 years :
By 2027 , wages increase a small amount ( 0.231 % ) relative to baseline ; by 2040 , wages increase by an even smaller amount ( 0.158 % ) .
That is a very small increase — but the Penn Wharton group has declined to explain why the increase is so small . Instead it has kept secret critical assumptions about productivity , investment and workforce participation . Smetters told Breitbart News :
Despite our best efforts at complete transparency , I appreciate that our written analysis was short on details … I agree that we can improve our communications of describing the sophisticated nature of our model , that is , besides just showing the underlying math equations , which are available in white paper presentations on our website .
Smetters ' answer came after Breitbart News emailed critical questions to several academic and business advisors working with Setters and his group .
Smetters told Breitbart News why his group did not publish the wage numbers :
Instead of reporting wage numbers , we originally choose to report the change in per capita GDP because : ( a ) for these purposes , we think it represents a more comprehensive summary statistic of average economic wellbeing ; ( b ) and , in any case , both of the changes in the ratios ( wages and per capita GDP ) are very small . Making too big a deal about very small deltas [ changes ] strikes me as false precision . In our last immigration report last summer , conservatives — and recall that I was a political appointee during the first term of Bush — seemed to be content with us reporting per capita GDP ratios . However , we will update the current report with some wage information as well , since more information is , of course , the best .
The group also hid its admission that the Trump merit plan will also help millions of sidelined Americans get jobs .
The group hid that admission by first claiming that the economy would be 1.3 million fewer jobs in a decade than is now predicted , while burying the fact that Trump 's plan would reduce the inflow of foreign workers by roughly 3.5 million over the same period . So a simple subtraction of 3.5 million imported workers from an economy with just 1.3. a million fewer jobs suggests that Trump 's very popular plan will help bring roughly 2.3 million sidelined Americans back into the workforce .
In a convoluted admission , Kent admitted the wage-increase caused by the reform plan would help to remain unemployed Americans find jobs , saying :
These small [ wage ] changes just are not enough to boost the participation rate of remaining workers very much .
“ Very much ” is an admission that Trump plan does raise the “ participation rate ” of Americans .
In a podcast interview with a university employee , Smetters also said Trump 's plan would cut total jobs by 4 million in 2040 . But , assuming no other changes , Trump 's merit plan could also reduce the immigration inflow by roughly 10 million over the same period . Those two numbers suggest Trump 's plan will create roughly 6 million extra jobs for Americans by 2040 .
In links behind the main page , the group says its model is similar to the analysis used by the Congressional Budget Office during the 2013 debate over the “ Gang of Eight ” cheap-labor-and-amnesty bill . That bill would have approved a tsunami of roughly 46 million legal immigrants from 2013 to 2033 , and invited an unlimited inflow of foreign white-collar workers .
In 2013 , this reporter noted that the CBO admitted employees would get less financial benefit from the mass-immigration economy than would investors for at least 20 years . “ The rate of return on capital would be higher [ than on labor ] under the legislation than under current law throughout the next two decades , ” says the report , titled “ The Economic Impact of S. 744. ” It continued :
Because the bill would increase the rate of growth of the labor force , average wages would be held down in the first decade after enactment …The legislation would particularly increase the number of workers with lower or higher skills but would have less effect on the number of workers with average skills . … The wages of lower- and higher-skilled workers would tend to be pushed downward slightly ( by less than ½ percent ) relative to the wages of workers with average skills .
In September 2016 , a pro-immigration panel selected by the National Academies of Science admitted that immigration imposes a 5.2 percent tax on Americans ' salaries .
In June 2016 , Moody 's Analytics issued a report saying that Trump 's campaign promise to reduce immigration would spike Americans ' salaries and also reduce the price of housing for young American families .
In July and August , U.S. employers complained that they have to increase salaries for Americans because they ca n't import all the foreign workers they wish . The reducing flow of foreign workers is also prompting employers to buy labor-saving machinery from U.S. manufacturing workers .
At the same time , business groups and progressive activists are urging the government to expand the economy by importing more consumers and cheap employees .
Smetters shares that expansion-via-immigration view , saying his podcast that “ If we did n't change the skill mix but we just increased the number of legal immigrants , it would have a very big positive impact on the economy . ”
The Penn Wharton Budget Model is backed by several investors who stand to gain from an increased inflow of consumers and cheap workers .
In his August 2 presentation of Trump 's merit plan to the media , presidential advisor Steven Miller made clear the President 's plan to raise Americans ' wages :
At the end of the day , President Trump has been clear that he is a pro-high-wage President . He ran as a pro-high-wage candidate , and that 's what this policy will accomplish . At the same time , to the point about economic growth , we 're constantly told that unskilled immigration boosts the economy . But again , if you look at the last 17 years [ of mass immigration ] , we just know from reality that 's not true . And if you look at wages , you can see the effects there . If you look at the labor force , you can see the effects there . And so again , we 're ending unskilled chain migration , but we 're also making sure that the great inventors of the world , the great scientists of the world , that people who have the next great piece of technology can come into the United States and compete in a competitive application process — a points-based system that makes sense in the year 2017 .
The annual inflow of foreign workers is very large .
In 2016 , for example , federal data shows that former President Barack Obama gave federal “ Employment Authorization Document ” work permits to at least 2.3 million migrants for U.S. jobs , and approved visas for roughly 500,000 outsourcing workers , such as the H-1B white-collar workers , H-2B blue-collar workers and H-2A agriculture workers . Those temporary workers were in addition to the routine inflow of 1 million legal immigrants and roughly 400,000 illegal immigrants .
The combined inflow delivered almost 4 million legal foreign workers to Americans ' economy in 2016 , just as 4 million young Americans turned 18 and began looking for decently paid jobs .
Many polls show that Americans are very generous , they do welcome individual immigrants , and they do want to like the idea of immigration . But the polls also show that most Americans are increasingly worried that large-scale legal immigration will change their country and disadvantage themselves and their children .
The current annual flood of foreign labor spikes profits and Wall Street values by cutting salaries for manual and skilled labor offered by blue-collar and white-collar employees . It also drives up real estate prices , widens wealth-gaps , reduces high-tech investment , increases state and local tax burdens , hurts kids ' schools and college education , and sidelines at least 5 million marginalized Americans and their families
HAMILTON , New Zealand — Trent Boult captured his 200th test wicket as New Zealand beat the West Indies by 240 runs on Tuesday , completing a 2-0 sweep of its first test series since March .
Boult took 2-52 as New Zealand bowled out the West Indies for 203 after setting the tourists a target of 444 for victory . New Zealand made 373 and bowled out the West Indies for 221 for a 152-run first innings lead , declared its second innings at 291-8 late on day three and had the West Indies 30-2 overnight .
The tourists quickly lost captain Kraigg Brathwaite ( 20 ) and Shai Hope ( 23 ) , then had a major setback when Sunil Ambris was forced to retire hurt after being struck on the forearm by Neil Wagner .
Ambris was taken to hospital , where tests confirmed he had a broken arm which prevented him batting again on day four and has ruled him out of the three-match limited-overs international series which begins next week .
Wicketkeeper Shane Dowrich was out for a second ball duck at 80-5 , effectively 80-6 , and the West Indies seemed to be tumbling towards another collapse and defeat .
But Roston Chase made a half century in a 78-run partnership with Ramon Reifer ( 29 ) which delayed New Zealand 's push for victory by almost two hours . Chase was finally out for 64 , having batted almost three hours , and Reifer lasted 2-1/4 hours for 29 .
When Chase finally fell to Wagner at 158-6 , Reifer quickly followed . Some heavy hitting near the end by Kemar Roach , who hit 32 from 44 balls with four fours and six , reduced the final margin of victory but Roach and Miguel Cummins fell to consecutive deliveries from spinner Mitchell Santner ( 2-13 ) to bring to an end the match and series .
The two-match series against the West Indies was New Zealand 's first since March and in winning both matches inside four days , New Zealand is halfway through its domestic test schedule this summer . It will play only limited-overs matches until its two-test series against England in March .
New Zealand won the first test by an innings and 67 runs in Wellington and achieved a win in the second test which was almost as comprehensive . It 's success was based on the outstanding performance of its frontline bowlers — Boult , Tim Southee and Neil Wagner — who contributed in every inning and to its batsmen who built on their efforts with solid scores which gave it the upper hand throughout the series .
`` We were fortunate to be on the right side of the result in both games and to learn a lot from both games , '' captain Kane Williamson said . `` I suppose it 's nice to be back in our home conditions and to get a lot from that .
MUMBAI ( Reuters Breakingviews ) - Reliance Industries ' rise challenges assumptions about what investors want from India 's corporate giants . After four years , Mukesh Ambani 's $ 70 billion flagship firm is on the verge of reclaiming its mantle as the country 's most valuable company from IT giant Tata Consultancy Services . India 's richest man is reaping the rewards of massive risk taking .
Investors view Reliance , with its petrochemicals and refining business , as an old-world company , with all the headaches that entails : heavy spending needs , exposure to swings in commodity prices , and a sprawling mix of businesses .
TCS , meanwhile , epitomises the new economy , as a focused , asset-light business . Since floating in 2004 it has grown to become one of the world 's biggest IT outsourcers . The younger behemoth has also delivered total shareholder returns of nearly 400 percent over the past decade , more than three times its more established rival , an Eikon analysis suggests .
Yet a near 30 percent share price surge this year puts Ambani 's empire within reach of the $ 74 billion market value of TCS . The latter has gained barely 3 percent , while the broader benchmark Nifty Index has increased 13 percent .
Graphic : Reliance Industries closes in on TCS : reut.rs/2o36P3N
Right now , a rising oil price works in Reliance 's favour . The company is also near the end of a five-year investment cycle , worth $ 39 billion . That spending has doubled its capacity in petrochemicals and – in classic conglomerate style - financed a rollout of the country 's fastest mobile network , a totally unrelated business . The telecoms gamble seems to be bearing fruit . The upstart Jio service has somehow managed to convince a higher-than-expected 72 million subscribers to start paying for a service they previously got for free .
Meanwhile , TCS has discovered it is not free from political risk , traditionally more of a concern for old economy stocks , as investors fret about the impact of stricter U.S. visa rules .
Jal Irani at local brokerage Edelweiss reckons Reliance will turn free cash flow positive in the year to March 2018 . Higher dividend payouts could follow . Investors , though , may have got carried away . Reliance already trades 10 percent above its mean target price forecast by analysts , whereas TCS trades 2 percent below its target , Eikon data shows . Ambani 's gutsy reinvention of Reliance has the market 's full attention .
PHOENIX ( AP ) — A woman who was swept down a backcountry creek in Grand Canyon National Park along with her stepgrandson is an experienced hiker and married to a founder of a popular outdoor footwear company , family members said Monday .
Authorities were searching for Jackson Standefer , 14 , and Lou-Ann Merrell , 62 , wife of Randy Merrell , who helped found the Merrell Boot Co. in 1981 .
The pair lost their footing Saturday and fell into the water during a family trip with Randy Merrell and the boy 's mother in a remote area of the Arizona park .
Officials were alerted when an emergency GPS locator beacon was set off below the canyon 's North Rim , said Chief Ranger Matt Vandzura of the National Park Service .
Mark McOmie , Jackson 's uncle , said the Merrells were avid hikers and knew the area well .
Lou-Ann Merrell is “ a very experienced backpacker , ” McOmie said . “ If they can get to a spot where they can not be in the water and stay warm , she 's got the skills needed to get them through it . The odds are n't great . But given their skills and knowledge of the area , that will probably lead to the best possible outcome . ”
McOmie said searchers have found their backpacks with belongings inside , which the family has interpreted with mixed feelings . He said it looks as if they were able to get their backpacks off .
“ The bad part is that they do n't have their gear , ” McOmie said .
He said rescue workers sent drones to the steepest part of the canyon . The water roars down through rocks , so the family is hoping that the two could be on a rock or have found a cave for shelter , McOmie said .
The drone footage must be analyzed , but the family hopes it shows their location or at least provides clues . Rescue boats were also deployed , the uncle said .
The National Park Service said some searchers would stay in the field overnight and conditions will determine whether they search .
The McCallie School in Chattanooga , Tennessee , said Jackson was an eighth-grade student at the all-boys school .
“ The entire McCallie community sends its prayers to the Standefer family and all those close to Jackson as we all hope for a positive ending to this situation , ” the school said in a statement .
The park service said it 's too early to determine what went wrong . No rain or flash flooding was reported in the area , and it was not known whether the water level was higher than usual in Tapeats Creek , a tributary of the Colorado River that runs through the Arizona landmark .
Creeks in the canyon often see higher water levels in the spring as snow melts , Vandzura said .
The park service describes conditions in the area on its website , warning that melting snow or heavy rain can make crossing the creek impossible .
It also said hikers can use a “ sketchy , seldom-used trail ” that lets them walk around the creek when the water is high , but the path should be used only as a last resort .
The group was on a different path known as Tapeats Trail , authorities said .
A call to the boot company 's Indiana headquarters was n't immediately returned .
This Wednesday 16th we are live from the GPO in Galway to celebrate the launch of An Post 's new Smart Account . With all the great features you 'd expect from a current account , plus you can earn Smart money back when you pay using your Smart Account with a host of Money Back partners including Lidl , SSE Airtricity , Sunway and Oxendales . Tune in Wednesday from 2-5pm and see how much you could save with An Post .
You can now sign up for An Post Smart Account , in one of over 250 participating post offices nationwide . The Post Smart Account is anew current account where customers can make substantial money back savings on their annual household spend . The Smart Account has all the things you 'd expect from a current account , like contactless payments , low monthly charges , online and mobile app there 's even online wallets to help you manage your cash .
An Post Smart Current Account holders can lodge , withdraw or check a balance at participating Post Offices . The Smart Account Debit Card can be used at any ATM , online or at any retailer worldwide , wherever the Mastercard® acceptance sign is displayed and the account can be managed online or via the Smart Account App .
The innovative MoneyBack feature has been designed to maximise opportunities for savvy shoppers to earn MoneyBack in retailers where a large portion of the household budget is spent including groceries , clothing , sportswear , energy , insurance , leisure and holidays . Partners include : Lidl ; SSE Airtricity ; Intersport Elverys ; Sunway , Greatbreaks.ie and Oxendalesamong otherswith more to be announced in the coming months .
An Post Smart Account can be opened in the below Galway Post Office locations :
Cornamona Claremorris Co Galway 78 Prospect Hill Bohermore Galway Main Street Clifden Co Galway Leenane Co Galway Main Street Ballinasloe Co Galway Tully Ballynahowen Co Galway Main Street Loughrea Co Galway Eglinton Street Galway Circular Road Tuam Co Galway Unit 9 Oran Town Centre , Station Road Oranmore Co Galway Siopa & Phobail , Supervalu Inverin Co Galway Garrafranes Tuam Co Galway
For more information on An Post click HERE
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitová has been knocked out of the first round of the women 's singles at Wimbledon , after losing to Aliksandra Sasnovich of Belarus 4:6 , 6:4 and 0:6 .
Five Czechs have advanced to the second round , including seventh seeded Karolína Plíšková , who will face Viktoria Azarenka of Belarus in her next match on Wednesday .
Luann D'Agostino ‘ s daughter Victoria de Lesseps is facing legal troubles .
PEOPLE confirms the Real Housewives of New York City reality star 's 22-year-old child was arrested on Apr . 7 for driving while under the influence in Sag Harbor , New York .
“ I look forward to defending her vigorously in court , ” de Lesseps ' attorney , Edward Burke Jr. , told Page Six .
D'Agostino had no comment about the incident .
FROM COINAGE : See Where 6 Stars Were Before They Were Famous
De Lesseps was driving a 2003 Land Rover after midnight when police said she was driving without headlights , according to The East Hampton Star . Her breath test reportedly registered an .15. , and the legal limit is .08 percent . She was released the next morning without bail .
De Lesseps is scheduled for court on May 5 .
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
Leo Varadkar has officially become Taoiseach .
He arrived at Aras an Uachtaráin to collect his seal of office shortly after 3 oclock .
Juliette Gash reports from Aras an Uachtaráin ;
The cavalcade containing Taoiseach-elect Leo Varadkar , government officials , his parents Ashok and Marian , and his partner Matt Barrett , arrived at Aras an Uachtaráin shortly after 3 o'clock .
After signing the guest book , Mr. Varakdar had a brief private meeting with President Michael D Higgins , while his family gathered in anticipation .
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar 's family burst into applause after the brief ceremony ;
After some private photos , our youngest every Taoiseach took office , and left the Aras to attend to the important business of choosing his Cabinet ;
Jubal calls a woman who 's organizing a Sexual Harassment seminar for her employees in just a few days… and there 's just ONE problem with her plan . One of her co-workers reached out to us… So Jubal will be calling as the class instructor .. and we promise you the conversation you 're about to hear will be as INAPPROPRIATE as possible… Hear it in the Phone Tap below !
League officials say a special investigator would help ensure the integrity of the settlement .
FILE - In this March 1 , 2018 , file photo , Chris Borland , a former NFL linebacker and Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year for the University of Wisconsin , testifies before a Illinois House Mental Health Committee hearing in Springfield , Ill. , on House Bill 4341 , which would ban tackle football for kids under 12 years of age . ( Rich Saal//The State Journal-Register via AP , File )
A federal judge in Philadelphia is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL 's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $ 1 billion concussion settlement .
The league last month cited an independent study it said found that more than 400 claims had been recommended for denial based on evidence of fraud by attorneys , doctors and former players .
Plaintiffs ' lawyers contend the league is not awarding settlement funds fast enough . So far , $ 227 million in claims have been awarded .
The league says attempts to scam the system are responsible for delays . The NFL has asked that the investigator be granted subpoena power .
League officials say a special investigator would help ensure the integrity of the settlement .
Arguments are scheduled for Wednesday .
Related : Judge reminding NFL retirees of concussion settlement
Related : NFL reaches $ 765 million settlement ; Did players get enough ?
The Associated Press
DALLAS | UPS was caught off-guard by the crush of online shopping leading up to Christmas and plans to spend a chunk of its tax-cut savings to invest in its package-delivery network .
The company said Thursday that it plans between $ 6.5 billion and $ 7 billion of capital spending this year on things like new cargo airplanes and automation in its distribution centers . That 's an increase from $ 5.2 billion last year .
With the prospect of higher spending , shares of Atlanta-based UPS slumped $ 7.81 , or 6.1 percent , to close at $ 119.51 .
On this Friday , Jan. 5 , 2018 , photo , a UPS delivery driver loads his cart with packages from his truck , in Boston . UPS Inc. reports earnings Thursday , Feb. 1 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Bill Sikes ) In this Tuesday , May 9 , 2017 , photo , a UPS driver takes his truck on a delivery route , in New York . UPS Inc. reports earnings Thursday , Feb. 1 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Mark Lennihan )
Rapid growth in online shopping is a double-edged sword for United Parcel Service Inc. and rival FedEx Corp . They reap higher revenue but are forced to make major investments in their networks to keep up with demand .
UPS said it delivered 762 million packages during the peak season roughly from Thanksgiving through Christmas , an increase of 7 percent over the previous year and 12 million more packages than the company expected .
Atlanta-based UPS said it had to spend $ 125 million more than it planned to handle the surge in demand , especially around Thanksgiving and the next several days , dubbed “ cyber week . ”
“ The volume did exceed the capacity of our network , and it took us some days to dig out and there was a cost to doing so , ” Chairman and CEO David Abney said in an interview . “ The operation ran much better after that . ”
Abney said the extra deliveries around Thanksgiving came from customers throughout its network , not just a few large retail shippers — suggesting that the breadth of the surge made it harder to handle .
“ No doubt about it , we have to get our arms around better forecasting for cyber week , ” he said .
A Citi analyst said in a note Thursday that FedEx had not encountered the same disruptions or extra costs during the peak shipping season .
To perform better in 2018 , UPS plans to add 5 million square feet and more automation at 18 facilities around its system including new ground-delivery hubs in Atlanta , Phoenix and Salt Lake City that are scheduled to open in time for the December rush .
UPS announced Thursday that it ordered 18 more cargo planes from Boeing on top of 14 ordered last year . Nine of those planes will have arrived by the end of 2018 and the rest by the end of 2022 . The company owns or leases more than 500 planes and does not plan to retire any of them because of the new order .
Executives said they plan to ask the board to increase the dividend and approve about $ 1 billion in share buybacks , which make remaining shares more valuable .
UPS predicted 2018 adjusted profit between $ 7.03 and $ 7.37 per share . That seemed to be about in line with analysts ' forecast of $ 7.21 , according to FactSet , although a Cowen and Co. analyst said that excluding pension expenses the forecast was weaker than expected .
Abney said the new tax bill along with rising consumer confidence should boost package deliveries .
Executives said UPS will use one-fifth of its expected savings from the new lower corporate income-tax rate on improving the business .
In the fourth quarter of 2017 , UPS earned $ 1.1 billion , or $ 1.27 per share , reversing a year-earlier loss of $ 239 million , when results were weighed down by a pension expense .
Adjusted earnings , which exclude some pension and tax items , were $ 1.67 per share . That was a penny better than the expectation of analysts surveyed by FactSet and two cents better than a poll of analysts by Zacks Investment Research .
Revenue rose 11 percent to $ 18.83 billion , also topping expectations .
For all of 2017 , UPS earned $ 4.9 billion , up from $ 3.4 billion in 2016 .
David Koenig can be reached at http : //twitter.com/airlinewriter
The Evergreen State College faculty is as biased as one might expect , according to recently released data on the staff 's political donation history .
During the 2016 presidential elections , Evergreen faculty reportedly donated an overwhelming $ 10,086 to Democratic candidates and only $ 400 to Republican candidates . Bernie Sanders received the majority of donations from Evergreen faculty , taking in $ 5,404 from the college 's faculty compared to Hillary Clinton 's $ 2,026 .
Evergreen President George Bridges made multiple donations to Democratic candidates , with $ 250 going to Rep. Dennis Heck in 2016 , $ 300 to former Rep. Walt Minnick in 2008 , and $ 500 to Sen. Patty Murray in 2014 .
Donation totals for the faculty were n't much different during the 2008 presidential elections . Evergreen employees contributed over $ 16,000 to Democratic candidates and only $ 200 to Republican candidates . During the 2004 election , 100 percent of faculty donations went to Democratic candidates .
Perhaps most interestingly , Evergreen faculty have not donated a single dollar to a Republican congressional candidate since 2012 .
Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News . You can follow him on Twitter @ tciccotta or email him at tciccotta @ breitbart.com
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK -- After much speculation , actress and activist Cynthia Nixon announced Monday that she is officially throwing her hat in the New York gubernatorial race and will be challenging Gov . Andrew Cuomo in the Democratic primary .
`` I love New York , and today I 'm announcing my candidacy for governor , '' she tweeted Monday , along with a video .
`` I 've never lived anywhere else , '' Nixon says in the video . `` But something has to change . We want our government to work again , on health care , ending mass incarceration , fixing our broken subway . We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us . It ca n't just be business as usual anymore . ''
The `` Sex and the City '' star will challenge Cuomo in the state 's Democratic primary in September .
Nixon is forming a team of alumni of the New York political sphere , including Rebecca Katz and Bill Hyers -- who worked on New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio 's first campaign -- to help her ahead of the primary . Katz will work on the campaign as a senior strategist . Nicole Aro , who recently worked as the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations ' director or digital strategies , will serve as campaign manager .
The Tony , Grammy and Emmy Award-winner was among the star-studded cast of actors , entertainers and activists who came together for `` the People 's State of the Union '' in January , an alternative event to President Donald Trump 's first State of the Union speech .
`` Our democracy is under attack , and we Americans need to cherish and to fight for it , '' Nixon said during her speech .
The mother of three , who is married to activist Christine Marinoni , has also been vocal about education issues , and she served on de Blasio 's advisory board for the Mayor 's Fund to Advance New York City . She was recently honored by the Human Rights Campaign with its Visibility Award for her work advocating for marriage equality and fighting stigma and prejudice .
In a January op-ed for CNN , Nixon wrote : `` If we 've learned anything during this first year of the Trump presidency , it 's that the cavalry is n't coming to save us . We ourselves are the cavalry . In 2018 , each one of us has to do whatever we can to take the government back . If we want change , we have to go out ourselves and seize it . ''
Nixon 's campaign said in its press release that the candidate will spend the coming weeks traveling across the state to hear from voters .
Nixon 's entry into the race could split state progressives , who have felt burned by Cuomo 's leadership in Albany and repeated clashes with de Blasio .
Reached on Monday , the New York Working Families Party , which backed Cuomo in 2014 after a contentious internal debate , told CNN they had n't yet reached a decision for 2018 .
`` Our endorsement in the Governor 's race will be determined by our state committee , which is comprised of 232 labor , community and grassroots activists from across New York State , '' said New York WFP director Bill Lipton . `` Stay tuned . ''
LPC : Securus LBO debt structure dampens investor demand
NEW YORK , June 14 Some institutional investors are dismissing the debt package backing Securus Technologies ' US $ 1.7bn leveraged buyout due to a first-out revolving credit facility , even as thin dealflow and favorable prison policies under the Trump administration position the provider of inmate telecom and ancillary services to turn the page on its choppy history in the leveraged loan market .
The U.S. Justice Department has accused UnitedHealth Group Inc of obtaining inflated risk adjustment payments based on inaccurate information about the health status of patients enrolled in its largest Medicare Advantage Plan .
The complaint , filed in federal court in Los Angeles on Monday , came after the Justice Department in February intervened in a whistleblower lawsuit filed by a former UnitedHealth executive .
( Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Crossject SA :
* ANNOUNCED ON THURSDAY THAT FDA ATTRIBUTED TO ZENEO MIDAZOLAM THE OPRHAN DRUG STATUS
* CROSSJECT CONFIRMS THE OBJECTIVE OF RA SUBMISSION FOR ZENEO MIDAZOLAM IN 2019 , IN THE USA AND IN EUROPE
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
BRUSSELS European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker will meet Prime Minister Theresa May in London next Wednesday to discuss Britain 's exit from the European Union , a Commission spokeswoman said on Thursday .
The spokeswoman said May , who has called a snap election for June 8 , had invited Juncker to discuss the process of withdrawal . Three days later on April 29 , the other 27 EU leaders will meet in Brussels to agree their negotiating positions . The EU expects to start talks after the British election .
Asked about reports that May will pledge ahead of the June 8 election to end the free movement of EU citizens into Britain , the spokeswoman reaffirmed the EU 's stance that people 's rights would be respected and should not be used as bargaining chips .
`` We want to reassure EU citizens living in the UK and UK citizens living abroad in the EU that their rights will remain respected and enforceable in a non-discriminatory way so this will be a very prominent part in the negotiations once they formally start , '' said Mina Andreeva .
Asked about a Financial Times report on an memo to Commission managers from Juncker aides telling them not to issue contracts to British-based firms if that would conflict with rules on hiring only EU-based contractors after Brexit , she said Britain would be treated equally until it leaves , in 2019 .
`` The Commission will ... respect the rights that the UK enjoys as a result of its continued membership , '' Andreeva said . `` And everything that is after we will see after . ''
EU officials , however , said that it was `` only natural '' that the Brussels executive starts anticipating the impact of Brexit , now that May has formally triggered the legal withdrawal period .
Diplomats say that their British counterparts already appear increasingly sidelined in discussions in Brussels and the trend will pick up pace as the Union exercises its right to organise legislative meetings of the 27 other states without Britain .
Leaders of the 27 will meet for the first time as a formal lawmaking body when they hold their European Council on April 29 to agree the guidelines by which the Commission 's Brexit negotiator , Michel Barnier , will steer the talks with London .
( Reporting by Alastair Macdonald and Julia Fioretti ; editing by Richard Lough )
ELGIN The BAE Systems plant promises to be a busy place in the coming months .
BAE which assembles and tests the PIM ( Paladin Integrated Management ) howitzer is expecting a major expansion and more hiring as a result of contracts with the Army .
U.S Sen. Jim Inhofe toured the plant on Friday and thanked the current employees for their hard work in moving the project forward . Southwest Oklahoma , with access to a rail and truck transportation and live training range and ability to draw upon a dedicated workforce , can expect more good news in the coming years , he said .
`` We have a great resource here now that 's known all across the world , '' the senator said .
`` You 're doing a great job here , '' he said . `` I hear compliments all the time about the work ethic we have in Oklahoma . ''
The project has been a long time coming , he said , counting previous projects like the Crusader howitzer and the Future Combat Systems that have fallen by the wayside through the years as American artillery lagged behind .
`` This is going to save lives ; this is going to put us back ahead ... and it 's right here in Elgin , Oklahoma . ''
The PIM ( officially the M109A7 self-propelled 155mm howitzer ) repurposes some parts from the M109A6 that is fielded now , but thoroughly modernizes the howitzer with new technology .
Adam Zarfoss , vice president and general manager of BAE Systems ' Combat Vehicles U.S. business , said the company has a contract to produce an extra 48 PIM sets ( the howitzer and ammo carrier ) during low production . The Army has three one-year options to make 60 sets a year in full production . Even that many will not replace all 560 or so older howitzers in the inventory , which means there might be more work to come .
Ramping up production will require more space and more employees .
`` We expect to move dirt in April , '' Zarfoss said , with the expansion to be completed around the end of the year . The plant now has about 20 employees and the expansion could double that .
Inhofe said more good news is in store for the Army and the other services . President Barack Obama was `` an honest liberal '' and was `` lousy in terms of defense . ''
Speech to Text for Preventing Heat Stroke
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video . Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate .
valley . healthcare experts say to always be aware of how you 're feeling in the heat . heat related illness is common during the first weeks of july . storm team 10 's brady harp has more on how you and your family can stay safe . when temperatures are in the 90 's and heat index values are above 100 degrees it is dangerous to be outside too long . healthcare experts say to avoid working during the hottest parts of the day . during the summer months - working from 1 to 4 pm can be dangerous on opressively hot days . if you have no choice - experts say to take frequent breaks . they say to wear loose- fitting light clothing and to stay hydrated with a non- caffienated drink . if you are outside during excessive heat - watch for signs that you are someone nearby might be suffering from a heat related illness . stacy horn : `` most common signs of heat sroke . headache , nausea , vomiting , feeling weak , tired , feeling dizziness going on . you can even pass out from it some confusion . so if you see anybody with those symptoms you 'll just want to immediately call 9-1-1 and get an ambulance on the way . '' experts say the best time to work on many summer days - if you can - is early in the morning or after the sun sets . back to you . indiana lawmakers take action after a critical
A A
Jacob Hjort scored 20 points and Spencer Long added 15 as the Chieftain held on to beat W.F . West in a loser-out game in the 2A district tournament .
Columbia River ( 14-9 ) will face R.A. Long in another loser-out game game on Thursday at Mark Morris . The Chieftains and Lumberjacks split their two 2A GSHL meetings this season .
River used solid defense and good shot selection to take a 32-15 lead into halftime before the Bearcats rallied to make a game of it .
“ It 's the same story all season for us , ” River coach David Long . “ We 've lost the third quarter in every game this season when we had the lead at halftime . … We had a few more turnovers in the second half , and they played better . And we knew they 'd play better . ”
Spencer Black added 11 points for River .
COLUMBIA RIVER 49 , W.F . WEST 46
COLUMBIA RIVER — Caden Dezort 0 , Jacob Hjort 20 , Evan Dirksen 0 , Nathan Hockhalter 2 , Spencer Long 15 , Jack Armstrong 1 , Spencer Black 11 . Totals 16 ( 7 ) 10-17 49 .
WF WEST — Yarter 0 , Forgione 0 , Dobyns 4 , Thornburg 0 , C. Bull 2 , Hawkins 6 , Speck 0 , B . White 14 , C. White 6 , Cooper 14 . Totals 18 ( 4 ) 6-7 46 .
River 12 20 7 10–49
WF West 6 9 15 16–46
Tuesday at 3 on A Juneau Afternoon , Scott Burton will host ;
Matt Musselwhite , from the Gastineau Humane Society , will give us the scoop on the upcoming RUN FUR FUN
We 'll talk with Andy Kline about the new brew from the Alaskan Brewing Company
We 'll get a preview of the Tuesday Marie Drake Planetarium Presentation by Rosemary Walling on Finding another Earth , Tuesday , April 18th – 7 p.m .
We 'll learn about the Glory Hole 's Empty Bowls Banquet .
We 'll talk with Brendan Stone , this week 's Rotary 's Pillars of America speaker ;
And Barbara Jo Maier will be here to highlight The Thunder Mountain High School 's Spring Musical – Beauty & the Beast .
That , Writers Almanac , Bird Note , music & more ,
At 4 , tune in to KTOO for All Things Considered , followed at 6 , it 's Alaska News Nightly , Telling Tales at 7 , New Letters On the Air at 7:30 , followed at 8 by Selected Shorts .
At 9 , Democracy Now ; news from a Canadian perspective follows at 10 on As It Happens , and BBC News at 11 . That 's Tuesday on KTOO-Juneau .
WASHINGTON , April 3 The U.S. Department of Homeland Security announced steps on Monday to prevent the fraudulent use of H1B visas , used by employers to bring in specialized foreign workers temporarily , which appeared to fall short of President Donald Trump 's campaign promises to overhaul the program .
Trump had promised to end the lottery system for H1B visas , which gives each applicant an equal chance at 65,000 positions each year .
Lobbyists for businesses who rely on H1B visas , commonly used by the tech sector , had expected Trump to upend the lottery in favor of a system that prioritized workers who are highly skilled and would be highly paid in the United States .
The lottery for fiscal year 2018 opened on Monday without changes .
The start of the lottery was seen by those watching the issue as the unofficial deadline for the Trump administration to enact H1B visa reform , and the failure to meet that deadline signals that Trump 's promised overhaul of the system may be off the table or long delayed .
`` More oversight is a good start , but employers can still use the program legally to depress wages and replace American workers . That falls short of the promises President Trump made to protect American workers , '' said Peter Robbio , a spokesman for Numbers USA , a Washington-based group that advocates for limiting immigration into the United States .
The White House could not immediately be reached for comment .
In keeping with the practice of former President Barack Obama 's administration , employers and foreign workers will enter a lottery system where 65,000 workers are permitted to enter the United States to work . An extra 20,000 H1B visas are reserved for workers with advanced degrees .
Last year , the lottery remained open less than a week before the program reached its cap .
Tech companies rely on the program to bring in workers with special skills and have lobbied for an expansion of the number of H1B visas awarded .
Proponents of limiting legal immigration , including Trump 's senior adviser Stephen Miller , have argued the program gives jobs that Americans could fill to foreign workers at a less expensive cost .
The measures announced by DHS on Monday focus on site visits by U.S. authorities to employers who use H1B visas .
In future site visits , U.S . Citizenship and Immigration Services agents will investigate incidents where an employer 's basic business information can not be validated ; businesses that have a high ratio of H1B employees compared with U.S. workers ; and employers petitioning for H1B workers who work off-site . ( Editing by Matthew Lewis )
Golf-Erin Hills a tough test for golfers and USGA
ERIN , Wisconsin , June 14 The U.S. Open is always billed as the ultimate test in golf due to course conditions but this week could also be one of the toughest logistical challenges as the major comes to Erin Hills for the first time .
COLUMBUS – State auditors issued 321 public records-related citations to 267 public entities in calendar year 2017 – a 22 percent drop in citations from the prior year , Auditor of State Dave Yost announced as part of Sunshine Week , a nationwide initiative designed to raise awareness of the importance of open government and public records .
In all , about 5.5 percent of the 4,803 financial audits issued in 2017 included citations for noncompliance with public records-related requirements . The prior year , 8 percent of the 4,446 audits released included noncompliance citations .
The majority of citations stemmed from officials neglecting to attend state-required public records training , entities lacking public records policies or a failure to make the policy readily available to employees and the general public . Auditors routinely review public records practices during audits .
In Darke County , Greenville Union Cemetery was cited for “ availability of public records and policies related thereto ; ” The City of Greenville received two citations for “ Public Records Training and availability of public records and policies related thereto ; ” Neave Township received two citations for “ Public Records Training and availability of public records and policies related thereto ; ” and Adams Township received a citation for “ availability of public records and policies related thereto . ”
In 2016 , there were 414 citations issued to 357 entities by state auditors for public records-related matters , meaning citations decreased by more than 22 percent in 2017 .
“ I can understand a bookkeeping error – mistakes happen , ” Auditor Yost said . “ But there 's no justification for violating the clear law of public records . ”
“ Message to public officials : These are not your records . Do whatever it takes to comply with this law : Put up a sign . Post it on social media , ” Yost said . “ These are public records , and it is the law . ”
While townships represented 13.7 percent of the 4,803 reports released in 2017 , they represented 27.4 percent of the public record citations . Similarly , villages represented 7.8 percent of reports , but were responsible for 29.2 percent of citations . The entities most cited :
Townships – 13.7 percent of all reports released ; 27 percent of all entities cited
Villages – 7.8 percent of all reports released ; 29 percent of all entities cited
Police/Fire/EMS and Ambulance districts – 1.4 percent of all reports released ; 7 percent of all entities cited
Cities – 6 percent of all reports released ; 6.5 percent of all entities cited
School Districts – 16.7 percent of all reports released ; 5 percent of all entities cited
Counties – 2 percent of all reports released ; 4.7 percent of all entities cited
Community Schools – 7.6 percent of all reports released ; 4 percent of all entities cited
Advocate photo State auditors issued 321 public records-related citations to 267 public entities in calendar year 2017 – a 22 percent drop in citations from the prior year . The majority of citations stemmed from officials neglecting to attend state-required public records training , entities lacking public records policies or a failure to make the policy readily available to employees and the general public http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_C141QP37014C.jpg Advocate photo State auditors issued 321 public records-related citations to 267 public entities in calendar year 2017 – a 22 percent drop in citations from the prior year . The majority of citations stemmed from officials neglecting to attend state-required public records training , entities lacking public records policies or a failure to make the policy readily available to employees and the general public
LISBON , March 30 Portugal 's government is hopeful that the planned sale of state-rescued lender Novo Banco to U.S. fund Lone Star will be sealed soon and the finance minister will provide explanations about the sale process on Friday , a senior government official said .
Prime Minister Antonio Costa has previously said the government expected to conclude the sale by the end of the week .
Asked during a news briefing after a regular cabinet meeting on Thursday whether the cabinet had approved or discussed the sale , government relations minister Maria Leitao Marques said that Finance Minister Mario Centeno `` will give all the explanations regarding the Novo Banco sale process '' on Friday .
`` Let 's hope that this issue is sealed very soon . We are all interested in this - the government , taxpayers , the country in general , because financial stability is a precious commodity , '' she said .
The final stages of negotiating the sale involve not only Portuguese , but also European authorities . U.S. fund Lone Star has offered to inject up to 1 billion euros into the bank in return for a 75 percent stake , according to Reuters sources . ( Reporting By Sergio Goncalves , writing by Andrei Khalip ; Editing by Jon Boyle )
MICHELLE PFEIFFER
Most Beautiful 1990 : Being named one of the World 's Most Beautiful celebrities in 1990 came as something of a shock to Pfeiffer . the actress told PEOPLE . `` It 's the way my mouth sort of curls up , or my nose tilts up . '' Landing on the cover – again – nine years later , Pfeiffer told PEOPLE of her younger self , `` I did nothing beauty-wise . People were horrified by how I treated my skin . ''
Now : The 58-year-old actress sees the upside to aging . `` [ Part ] of feeling sexy is feeling comfortable in your own skin , and less inhibited , '' she told InStyle , `` and that goes along with getting older . ''
International Gymnastics Federation ( FIG ) President Morinari Watanabe will visit North Korea later this month to discuss helping the country with their preparations for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games , it has been confirmed .
In a statement , the FIG said Watanabe will travel to Pyongyang along with deputy secretary general Nicolas Buompane from July 12 to 14 .
The two officials will discuss topics including organisation of coaching and judging courses in the country and the development of gymnastics disciplines .
It is the first time an FIG President has visited North Korea .
`` I am excited and looking forward to meeting my Gymnastics friends in Pyongyang , '' Watanabe said .
`` I was impressed by the top performances of DPRK 's gymnasts at the last Olympic Games in Rio and at this year 's Acrobatic World Championships in Antwerp .
`` They merit the FIG 's support . ''
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un reportedly voiced support for the nation 's participation at Tokyo 2020 earlier this year , while the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) are working on special programmes to allow athletes from the reclusive country to compete .
Kyodo News reported the IOC were in favour of Watanabe 's trip to North Korea .
Watanabe 's visit takes on extra significance as he is Japanese and his country has a strained relationship with North Korea .
Ri Se-gwang is one of two North Korean gymnasts to have won an Olympic gold medal ©Getty Images
A total of 17 Japanese citizens are officially recognised by the country 's Government as having been abducted by agents of the North Korean Government during a period of six years from 1977 to 1983 .
It is suspected that the actual number of victims is far higher , possibly numbering in the hundreds .
Japan also currently bans North Korean citizens from entering the country .
Relations between the two nations were further strained last year after Kim fired two ballistic missiles over Japanese territory as part of his country 's nuclear testing .
North Korea boasts two Olympic gold medallists in gymnastics in Ri Se-gwang and Hong Un-jong .
Ri won the men 's vault event at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , while Hong topped the women 's vault podium at Beijing 2008 .
North Korea did not send any gymnasts to last year 's Artistic World Championships in Montreal .
insidethegames has contacted the FIG for comment .
NEW YORK | The CEO of the nation 's third largest pharmaceutical company resigned from a manufacturing council that advises President Donald Trump days after racially tinged clashes in Charlottesville , Virginia , citing “ a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism . ”
Trump , who is under increasing pressure to explicitly condemn the white supremacist and hate groups involved , lashed out almost immediately Monday at Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Twitter , saying that because of the resignation , the pharmaceutical executive “ will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! ”
FILE - In this Thursday , Feb. 23 , 2017 , file photo , President Donald Trump , left , speaks during a meeting with manufacturing executives at the White House in Washington , including Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier , center , and Ford CEO Mark Fields . Frazier is resigning from the President 's American Manufacturing Council citing `` a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism . '' Frazier 's resignation comes shortly after a violent confrontation between white supremacists and protesters in Charlottesville , Va. Trump is being criticized for not explicitly condemning the white nationalists who marched in Charlottesville . ( AP Photo/Evan Vucci , File )
Drugmakers have come under closer scrutiny because of rising drug prices , though Merck has not been one of the companies targeted by lawmakers or watchdog groups .
Frazier , who is African American , said in a tweet on Monday that the country 's leaders must “ honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy . ”
One person was killed in the protests after a car slammed into a crowd and multiple people were injured in that incident and in in running clashes between white supremacists those opposing them .
Other executives who agreed to serve on councils advising the president have already resigned , citing separate stances taken by the Trump administration .
Tesla CEO Elon Musk resigned from the manufacturing council in June , and two other advisory groups to the president , after the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement . Walt Disney Co. Chairman and CEO Bob Iger resigned from a White House advisory council for the same reason .
Pope Benedict XVI . Photo credit : giulio napolitano Shutterstock CNA
Vatican City , Apr 16 , 2017 CNA/EWTN News.- In a lengthy interview with EWTN 's German television branch , Benedict XVI 's closest aide describes how the retired pontiff is doing as he turns the milestone age of 90 , giving a rare look into what life is like for the Pope Emeritus .
Archbishop Gänswein has been Benedict 's personal secretary since 2003 , while the latter was still Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith . He has remained close at Benedict 's side throughout his papacy , resignation and his life of retirement .
In anticipation of Benedict XVI 's 90th birthday , which this year falls on Easter Sunday , April 16 , Gänswein gave a lengthy interview to EWTN.TV in German , sharing insights into how the Pope Emeritus plans to celebrate his birthday and highlights and personal memories of his pontificate .
Among other things , the archbishop recalls how Benedict handled his election , the frequently negative media-firestorm that enveloped much of his pontificate , his hope for what people take from his papacy as well as how he spends his days in retirement .
Please read below for the full interview with Archbishop Gänswein , conducted by the head of EWTN.TV Martin Rothweiler , and translated from the original German by EWTN 's Silvia Kritzenberger :
594 young children growing up in Turkish prisons
Five hundred ninety-four children under the age of 6 are being kept with their mothers in Turkish prisons , Turkey 's Ministry of Justice said , the Diken news website reported on Tuesday .
Responding to a parliamentary question from pro-Kurdish Peoples ' Democratic Party ( HDP ) İzmir deputy Müslüm Doğan on Tuesday , Turkey 's Justice Minister Abdulhamit Gül said as of April 2017 a total of 594 children under the age of 6 were being kept in Turkish prisons along with their mothers .
Children are taken to prison in the absence of family members to look after them . The Turkish government has launched a sweeping crackdown across the country , detaining more than 140,000 and jailing some 50,000 over alleged or real links to a July 15 , 2016 coup attempt .
It has become a common occurrence that both parents are taken into custody , leaving no one to care for the children . The Turkish government , on many occasions , has detained pregnant women as well . ( turkishminute.com )
Related
March 30 Imugene Ltd :
* Signed underwriting agreements with three existing institutional shareholders of IMU to underwrite up to $ 1.35 million
* Agreed issue price for any shares issued under underwriting agreements is 1.5 cents per share Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Barton County Sheriff 's Office detectives made two separate arrests Monday night for possession of methamphetamine . The two unrelated cases were initiated by traffic stops .
On April 23 , at about 11 p.m. detectives conducted a traffic stop in the 5500 block of 10th Street in the City of Great Bend . The officers made contact with the driver who is identified as Savannah Sullivan , age 22 of Great Bend .
The Barton County K9 conducted a “ sniff ” on the exterior of the suspect vehicle and indicated controlled substances were inside . Detectives located a substantial amount of methamphetamine and a small amount of marijuana .
Sullivan was placed under arrest and transported to the Barton County jail without incident and is being held in lieu of a $ 100,000 bond on charges of possession of methamphetamine , possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Later in the evening at about 2 a.m. the same detectives observed a suspicious vehicle near the intersection of 11th and Williams in the city of Great Bend . The detectives interviewed the driver and once again K9 Kia was put into action . The dog indicated on the vehicle and methamphetamine as well as drug paraphernalia was located .
The driver was identified as Joel Davis , age 51 of Lyons , Kansas . Davis was also arrested and transported to the Barton County jail . He is being held in lieu of a $ 10,000 bond on charges of possession of methamphetamine and possession of drug paraphernalia .
* Nonfarm payrolls forecast to rise by 180,000 in January
* Unemployment rate seen unchanged at 4.1 percent
* Average hourly earnings expected to increase 0.3 percent
By Lucia Mutikani
WASHINGTON , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - U.S. job growth likely accelerated in January and wages increased further , underscoring the strong momentum in the economy at the start of the year .
Nonfarm payrolls probably increased by 180,000 jobs last month , according to a Reuters survey of economists , after rising 148,000 in December . The unemployment rate is forecast unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent .
The Labor Department will release its closely watched employment report on Friday at 08:30 am ( 1330 GMT ) .
Economists say employment gains are being driven by buoyant domestic and global demand . They saw little boost to job growth from the Trump administration 's $ 1.5 billion tax cut package passed by the Republican-controlled U.S. Congress in December , in the biggest overhaul of the tax code in 30 years .
“ I do n't think there will be much impact on job growth , in part because the economy is pretty much at full employment , ” said Robert Murphy , an associate economics professor at Boston College . “ The impact is going to be more on the wage/income side . We will start to see more pressure on wages . ”
President Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans have cast the fiscal stimulus , which includes a reduction in the corporate income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent , as creating jobs and boosting economic growth .
According to outplacement consultancy firm Challenger , Gray & Christmas , only seven companies , including Apple , had announced plans to add roughly a combined 37,000 new jobs in response to the tax cuts as of the end of January .
January 's anticipated jobs gains will be below the monthly average of 204,000 over the past 3 months . The economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population .
Job growth is slowing as the labor market nears full employment . Companies are increasingly reporting difficulties finding qualified workers , which economists say will force some to significantly raise wages as they compete for scarce labor .
MINIMUM WAGE INCREASES
Average hourly earnings are forecast rising 0.3 percent in January after a similar gain in December . That would lift the year-on-year increase in average hourly earnings to 2.6 percent from 2.5 percent in December .
The anticipated rise in wages will reflect increases in the minimum wage which came into effect in 18 states last month . Wages could also get a lift from the tax cut . Companies like Starbucks Corp and FedEx Corp have said they will use some of the savings from lower taxes to boost wages for workers .
Further gains are likely in February when Walmart raises entry-level wages for hourly employees at its U.S. stores .
Annual wage growth remains below the 3 percent that economists say is needed to push inflation towards the Federal Reserve 's 2 percent target . Fed officials on Wednesday expressed optimism that inflation will rise toward its target this year .
Policymakers , who voted to keep interest rates unchanged , described the labor market as having “ continued to strengthen , ” and economic activity as “ rising at a solid rate. ” U.S. financial markets are expecting a rate hike in March .
“ A solid jobs market environment , together with a pickup in wage pressure , and on top of healthy U.S. economic activity , will keep the Fed on its charted tightening course , ” said Beth Ann Bovino , U.S. chief economist at S & P Global Ratings in New York .
The U.S. central bank has forecast three rate increases this year . It raised borrowing costs three times in 2017 .
With the January employment report , the government will publish annual “ benchmark ” revisions and update the formulas it uses to smooth the data for regular seasonal fluctuations . It will also incorporate new population estimates .
The government said in its preliminary estimate last September that the level of employment in March 2017 was likely 95,000 higher on a seasonally adjusted basis than it had reported .
The shift in population controls means figures on the labor force or number of employed or unemployed in January would not be directly comparable to December . The unemployment rate dropped seven-tenths of a percentage point in 2017 and economists expect it to hit 3.5 percent by the end of the year .
Employment gains were likely broad in January . Manufacturing payrolls are forecast increasing solidly . The sector is being supported by strong domestic and international demand as well as by a weaker dollar .
Unseasonably cold weather probably slowed hiring at construction sites last month . Retail employment likely rebounded after declining by 20,300 jobs in December . ( Reporting by Lucia Mutikani ; Editing by Andrea Ricci )
China freezes green car licences amid ongoing quality issues
BEIJING , June 15 China has put approvals for new electric vehicle ventures on hold until next year , three people familiar with the matter told Reuters , as quality issues continue to dog the world 's largest market for green cars .
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - China Automotive Engineering Research Institute Co Ltd :
* SAYS PRELIM 2017 NET PROFIT UP 6.1 PERCENT Y/Y AT 360.8 MILLION YUAN ( $ 57.44 million ) Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2s3A11Y Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 6.2815 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Curo Group Holdings Corp :
* CURO GROUP SAYS UNIT ‍INTENDS TO ISSUE A NOTICE OF REDEMPTION ON FEB 5 , 2018 FOR $ 77.5 MILLION OF ITS 12.000 % SENIOR SECURED NOTES DUE 2022​ - SEC FILING
* CURO GROUP - ‍FOLLOWING REDEMPTION , $ 527.5 MILLION OF ORIGINAL OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF NOTES WILL REMAIN OUTSTANDING​
* CURO GROUP HOLDINGS CORP - REDEMPTION DATE OF SENIOR SECURED NOTES WILL BE SET FOR MARCH 7 , 2018 Source text : ( bit.ly/2BPf8XR ) Further company coverage :
Dr. Norman Buckley , scientific director of the Michael G. DeGroote Institute for Pain Research and Care at McMaster University , also heads the Chronic Pain Network through a five-year funding arrangement with the Canadian Institutes of Health Research . He said the aim is to train researchers and translate that knowledge into policy action .
`` Guys come in , they sit in my office and cry because they ca n't pick up their grandchildren , '' Buckley said of patients with back pain , one of the most common chronic-pain conditions , along with arthritis .
While groups including PainBC and SaskPain are working to get provincial funding for multidisciplinary pain clinics , Quebec leads the country with a strategy that incorporates care as well as research .
Jacques Laliberte , immediate past president of the Quebec Association of Chronic Pain Patients , said that in 2010 , the province established centres of expertise at hospitals linked with four of its universities before creating regional centres to provide chronic-pain services .
`` Our main activity right now is to have support groups throughout the province of Quebec and we have about 17 of them , '' said Laliberte , who nearly broke his neck in a snowboarding accident in 2003 before taking on the role of leading the association he helped form at the urging of a doctor .
More regional centres are needed in Quebec , Laliberte said , adding : `` We 're still striving to get chronic pain understood by decision makers . ''
In Ontario , the provincial government enhanced funding in 2016 for its current 18 multidisciplinary clinics as part of a pain management plan that includes a strategy to prevent opioid addiction . It also expanded training for primary care providers via case-based learning and video-conferencing sessions to manage chronic pain , the province 's Health Ministry said in a statement .
`` A data-driven national pain strategy would help inform ministry work in Ontario , '' it says .
Dr. Owen Williamson , president of the Pain Medicine Physicians of B.C . Society , said chronic pain affects one in five Canadians , many of whom develop anxiety and depression .
`` There 's more disability associated with chronic pain than with hypertension , diabetes , HIV and even cancer , '' he said .
`` It 's a $ 60-billion drain a year on our economy , '' said Williamson of visits to doctors ' offices , emergency-room and surgeries .
Williamson , who treats patients at a clinic in Surrey as part of a team of health-care providers including physiotherapists , psychologists and social workers , said Australia has led the way with its national pain strategy .
`` For example , in New South Wales , they 've shown greater access to pain management services , pain and disability outcomes are better , the use of opioids has been reduced , deaths through suicide are reduced and there 's been a reduced impact of the cost of managing pain . ''
Canada needs `` political champions '' in order to create its own pain strategy , he said .
Health Canada has not committed to any action . It said in a statement it 's aware of `` recent calls for a national pain strategy , including those proposed by the Chronic Pain Network and the Canadian Pain Society , and understands the importance of a responsible approach to pain management for Canadians . ''
— Follow @ CamilleBains1 on Twitter .
By Camille Bains , The Canadian Press
The Fat Duck
London
The married couple celebrated Burtka 's birthday at this Michelin-starred eatery . “ We went to the fantastical , magical , extraordinary Fat Duck , an hour outside of London , ” Harris wrote on Instagram . “ Easily the greatest five hour lunch of our lives . The staff was impeccable , the chefs were inspired , the food was sublime . It was immersive theatre for the mouth . This pic was taken during our ‘ journey to the seaside ' , as we ate exquisite seafood while listening to the sounds of the ocean from a conch shell ( via iPod and earbuds ) . Epic . ”
... Everyone by now has herded America and the world is running out of water for farming and drinking . But at the same time the oceans are rising . We all know but we just are not paying attention to what changes we the humans have been doing for just over the last two to three thousand years .
Once all rain water fell to the ground and it either ran in to lower ground and became a puddle or a swampy drain off area or it did run into a creek that fed the river and sooner or later ended up in the ocean , or a lake . So now all the water that did not make it to the ocean , or a lake it made it 's way into underground and formed stream 's and lakes under the ground . We for thousands of years now have been moving into these lower areas building our cities and farms . It has been easy for us to use all the good soils and under ground water left there for millions of years . Then because people are not as smart as they think we have taken no time to put stock in that this planet is alive . So we use the river water to flush our bathroom waist and we water our yard and factories . We water our farms but instead of letting mother nature replace the water underground or allow run off water to stop in the low ground and settle back into the earth . We channel it we pipe it passing some times hundreds of miles until we can dump it in the sea .
What to do ? You do not think all the cities and all of the towns taking what water they want then channeling it to the ocean now all over the glob . Think of it billions of gallons of water world wide that should have never came close to any river or lake or the ocean for that matter . But should have flowed down to a lower location then slowly either seeped into the earth or evaporated back into the clouds . Why is the earth worming why are the oceans rising ? I just told you why , and to try to reverse this without moving off the planet . We should start drilling deep holes over where the water once was under our cities or in our farm grounds then build reservoirs to collect the run off we nowdivert to sewers . Then run large run off pipes from these reservoirs to the deep holes we bored into the earth that we lined so they will not collapse . let the water sit like a drip system we build for our yards and let gravity and nature refill these underground lakes while the canals and reservoirs will have some evaporation making more clouds . It will not be free but having water where we now have built our cities and farms will be cheeper as well as we will not be making the next Desert where no one can live .
Declaring a victory in Syria , Putin on Monday visited a Russian military air base in the country and announced a partial pullout of Russian forces from the Mideast nation .
Russian President Vladimir Putin addresses to the troops at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria , on Monday , Dec. 11 , 2017 . ( Mikhail Klimentyev , Sputnik , Kremlin Pool Photo via AP )
Russian President Vladimir Putin declared victory against “ terrorists ” in Syria on Monday during a surprise visit to a Russian military base in the county , where he also announced a partial pullout of Russian troops .
It was Putin 's first trip to Syria , where Russia launched an air campaign in 2015 that allowed President Bashar Assad 's forces to gain the upper hand against the Islamic State group as well as Syrian rebels . It was also the first visit by a foreign head of state to war-ravaged Syria since the civil war began in 2011 .
Putin 's brief stop at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria 's coastal province of Latakia while en route to Egypt came days after the Russian president said he would run for re-election on March 18 , and helped to show off Moscow 's global clout to the national audience .
In a televised speech to the Russian troops at the base , Putin hailed their “ excellent ” performance in Syria , where the Russian military declared victory against the Islamic State group last week .
“ You have shown the best qualities of a Russian soldier — courage , valour , team spirit , decisiveness and excellent skills , ” he said . “ The Motherland is proud of you . ”
Related : Syrian mother gets behind the wheel
Russia launched its air campaign in Syria at the end of September 2015 , when Assad 's government was teetering on the brink of collapse , and quickly changed the course of the conflict . Russian officials say the troops were sent to Syria mainly to fight “ terrorists , ” including IS and al-Qaida , but they also battled mainstream rebels opposed to the Assad family 's four-decade rule .
Putin has hosted Assad twice in the past six years , including a surprise Nov. 21 visit that Assad undertook to the Black Sea resort of Sochi .
Russian television stations showed Putin walking off the plane at the air base , embracing and shaking hands with Assad . The two then visited a military operations room .
The Hemeimeem base , located in the heartland of Assad 's Alawite minority , has served as the main foothold for the Russian military campaign in Syria .
“ Here in Syria , far away from our borders , you helped the Syrian people to preserve their state and fend off attacks by terrorists , ” Putin said , facing the troops lined up on the tarmac . “ You have dealt a devastating blow to those who blatantly threatened our country . We will never forget about the victims who fell in the fight against terror both here and in Russia . ”
Putin also said that he had ordered the military to withdraw a “ significant part ” of the Russian contingent in Syria .
“ Friends , the Motherland is waiting for you , ” Putin said . “ You are coming back home with victory ! ”
He added , however , that the Russian military will maintain its presence at Hemeimeem and a naval facility in Tartus .
Gen. Sergei Surovikin , the Russian military commander in Syria , said the military will pull out 23 warplanes , two helicopter gunships , special forces units , military police and field engineers .
Surovikin said the remaining forces will be sufficient to “ successfully fulfil the tasks ” to stabilize the situation in Syria . He did not say how many troops and weapons would stay behind .
Syria has allowed Russia to use Hemeimeem air base indefinitely without cost . Moscow also has a deal with Syria to use the Tartus base for 49 years , which could be extended if both parties agree .
The Russian military plans to modernize the air base and expand its runways to allow it to host more warplanes . It also intends to expand the Tartus facility significantly to make it a full-scale naval base capable of hosting warships , including cruiser-sized vessels .
After seeing troops march , Putin drove up to the Russian warplanes parked on the runway and talked to the pilots , who said they will fly back home later in the day .
Syrian TV said Assad thanked Putin for his troops ' “ effective contribution ” to the fight against terrorism in Syria , which he said the Syrian people “ will never forget . ”
“ Syria has been saved as a sovereign , independent state , refugees are coming home and conditions have been created for a political settlement under the United Nations ' auspices , ” Putin said .
Insurgents still control several areas in Syria , but much of the fighting has been paused by “ de-escalation ” agreements brokered by Russia and Iran , which support Assad , and Turkey , which backs the rebels .
Putin told Assad he would discuss the prospects for a peace settlement with the leaders of Egypt and Turkey later Monday .
“ I hope that together with Turkey and Iran we will succeed in restoring peaceful life and launch a political process to settle the situation in Syria , ” Putin said .
___
Associated Press writer Albert Aji in Damascus , Syria , contributed reporting .
Vladimir Isachenkov , The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Read the highlights from the first day of the Supreme Court oral arguments on the declaration of martial law in Mindanao
Published 6:57 AM , June 14 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – The Supreme Court ( SC ) on Tuesday , June 13 , began its 3-day oral arguments on 3 consolidated petitions seeking to nullify President Rodrigo Duterte 's declaration of martial law over Mindanao .
On May 23 , Duterte put Mindanao under martial law rule following clashes between government forces and the Maute terror group in Marawi City .
For the oral arguments , 3 groups of petitioners have raised questions on Duterte 's declaration of martial law , asking whether it was necessary , whether the Marawi siege that prompted the declaration should be considered rebellion , and whether Congress should have convened , among other issues . ( READ : Nullify martial law ? Your guide to the SC oral arguments )
The 3 groups of petitioners are composed of minority lawmakers led by Albay 1st District Representative Edcel Lagman , militant groups led by Lumad leader Eufemia Cullamat , and Marawi residents led by Mindanao State University ( MSU ) Professor Norkaya Mohamad .
Defending Duterte is Solicitor General Jose Calida .
Here are the highlights from Day 1 of the SC oral arguments .
Calida 's consolidated comment . Ahead of the oral arguments , the Solicitor General submitted to the SC a consolidated comment that contains information about the Maute group and its supposed links to the Islamic State ( ISIS ) .
In his comment , he also revealed that the government had been aware of the local terror group 's plan to attack Marawi City to establish an ISIS province in Mindanao .
Marawi siege an act of rebellion ? In his interpellation of the petitioners , SC Associate Justice Mariano del Castillo said there was sufficient basis to consider the Marawi siege a case of rebellion , pointing out the presence of foreign terrorists and the raising of an ISIS flag . But petitioner Representative Edcel Lagman said the flag-raising was merely `` cheap propaganda '' on the part of the terror groups .
'Trust good judgment of the President . ' SC Associate Justice Lucas Bersamin said he is willing to presume good faith and regularity on the part of the government , if petitioners are unable to produce evidence to back up their arguments that there is insufficient basis to declare martial law .
Bersamin told lawyer Ephraim Cortez that the burden of proof to show that the declaration was invalid is on the petitioners .
He added that without a clear standard of proof that the High Court should impose , the determination of whether there is sufficient basis for the proclamation of martial law is up to the SC 's judgment .
`` You leave that to the good judgment of the court , as you would leave the proclamation of martial law to the good judgment of the President , '' Bersamin added .
Clarify martial law guidelines . For SC Associate Justice Marvic Leonen , there should be clearer operational guidelines on martial law . He noted that under the Constitution , martial law 's definition is limited to acts which can not be done , but not so much on what can be done .
Meanwhile , Senior Associate Justice Antonio Carpio raised doubt on whether there was an actual case of rebellion in Marawi , pointing out that mere imminent threat of rebellion is not enough to declare martial law .
He also questioned the reason for declaring martial law over the entire island of Mindanao .
The SC resumes oral arguments on Wednesday , June 14 , at 10 am . – Rappler.com
Monday on SiriusXM 's “ Breitbart News Daily , ” Rep. Mo Brooks ( R-AL ) , a candidate in tomorrow 's U.S. Senate special election GOP primary in Alabama , credited some “ conservative thought-leaders ” for keeping him competitive in that race .
advertisement
Brooks is up against former Alabama Supreme Court Justice Roy Moore , Sen. Luther Strange ( R-AL ) and six other candidates . They make up a field competing for the Republican nomination in an election to determine who will fill Alabama 's U.S. Senate seat once held by Jeff Sessions , now the U.S. Attorney General .
Brooks told host Alex Marlow that Strange 's allies were running $ 10 million in attack ads against him and that without the support of conservatives and groups , he would be “ getting stomped ” right now .
“ That 's been counterbalanced by conservative thought-leaders , ” Brooks said . “ We 've been endorsed by Laura Ingraham , Mark Levin , Sean Hannity , Ann Coulter , Tea Party Patriots , FreedomWorks , Gun Owners of America , Alabama congressman Mike Rogers , Congressman Mark Meadows – he 's the head of the House Freedom Caucus , Jim Jordan – former head , Lamar Smith , Women for Trump , Students for Trump – I mean this goes on and on and on . So here they are , Mitch McConnell , trying to portray me as an ally of Nancy Pelosi of all people , Mitch McConnell and Luther Strange trying to portray me as a supporter of the Islamic State . They really got an ad like that trying to portray me as in opposition to the United States military . That 's all craziness . ”
“ If I did n't have these endorsements from conservative thought-leaders that would cause Alabama voters to take pause , I 'd be getting stomped on right now , ” he added . “ But fortunately , I got a track record , i.e . how I voted , on one hand and the endorsements of America 's conservative thought-leaders that help rebut the ridiculous accusations and deceptive accusations of Mitch McConnell and Luther Strange . ”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @ jeff_poor
WASHINGTON The number of Americans filing for unemployment aid unexpectedly fell last week and consumer sentiment rose early this month amid continued optimism over household finances , suggesting a sharp slowdown in job growth in March was an aberration .
While other data on Thursday showed producer prices falling in March for the first time in seven months , prices recorded their biggest year-on-year increase in five years . The reports pointed to a steadily firming economy and could encourage the Federal Reserve to increase interest rates again in June .
`` Today 's reports are generally consistent with the Fed 's narrative that the economy is close to full employment and some inflationary pressures are building , '' said Ryan Sweet , senior economist at Moody 's Analytics in West Chester , Pennsylvania .
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits slipped 1,000to a seasonally adjusted 234,000 for the week ended April 8 , the Labor Department said . That was the third straight weekly decline in claims and left them near a 44-year low of 227,000 hit in February .
Claims have now been below 300,000 , a threshold associated with a healthy labor market , for 110 straight weeks . That is the longest such stretch since 1970 , when the labor market was smaller . The labor market is close to full employment , with the unemployment rate at a near 10-year low of 4.5 percent . Economists had forecast first-time applications for jobless benefits rising to 245,000 last week .
The low level of claims suggests that a sharp slowdown in job growth in March was a blip and the labor market is tightening . Nonfarm payrolls increased by 98,000 jobs last month , the fewest since last May .
`` Temporarily higher mid-March readings probably in large part reflected weather drags that were apparent in the March employment report , and much stronger results in the first half of April are pointing to a reacceleration in payrolls in April , '' said Ted Wieseman , an economist at Morgan Stanley in New York .
A separate survey from the University of Michigan showed its consumer sentiment index rising to a reading of 98.0 early this month from 96.9 in March .
The survey 's current economic conditions index jumped to its highest level since 2000 , with an increase in the share of households reporting an improvement in their finances .
SPENDING MAY ACCELERATE
Strong consumer sentiment could suggest an acceleration in consumer spending in the second quarter after an apparent slowdown at the start of the year . A surge in confidence in late 2016 and early this year failed to translate into stronger spending .
The dollar fell against a basket of currencies as investors assessed comments by President Donald Trump to the Wall Street Journal late on Wednesday that the dollar was `` getting too strong '' and that he liked a `` low-interest rate policy . ''
U.S. Treasury yields briefly fell to a five-month low , while stocks on Wall Street were little changed . The Fed raised its benchmark overnight interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point last month and has said it expected to increase borrowing costs at least twice more this year .
In another report on Thursday , the Labor Department said its producer price index for final demand slipped 0.1 percent last month , the first decline since August . The PPI gained 0.3 percent in February .
Despite last month 's dip in prices , the PPI shot up 2.3 percent in the 12 months through March . That was the biggest increase since March 2012 and followed a 2.2 percent jump in February .
A 0.1 percent dip in prices for final demand services accounted for three quarters of the drop in the PPI in March . Energy prices fell 2.9 percent , the first decline since August , with the cost of gasoline tumbling 8.3 percent .
With oil prices rising in recent days and recovering nearly all of March 's losses , monthly producer prices are likely to resume their upward trend .
The dollar 's 2.8 percent drop this year against the currencies of the United States ' main trading partners is also keeping the underlying trend in producer prices elevated .
Final demand goods less food and energy increased 0.4 percent last month after edging up 0.1 percent in February .
( Reporting By Lucia Mutikani ; Editing by Andrea Ricci )
CHARLOTTE , Mich. — A father of three victims of Larry Nassar rushed and tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor on Friday during a sentencing hearing in Michigan , after the judge declined his request for `` five minutes '' alone with the `` demon '' in a locked room . He was blocked by an attorney and tackled by sheriff 's deputies .
Two of the man 's daughters had just told the judge that they and another sister had been sexually abused by Nassar under the guise of medical treatment . Their father , Randall Margraves , later addressed the court , telling the judge he was a `` distraught father . ''
Margraves looked at Nassar , shook his head and called him a profanity while speaking at the courtroom podium . The judge cautioned Margraves against using such language . He then asked for `` five minutes '' alone with Nassar . The judge said she could n't allow that . He asked for one minute , and she again declined .
The father then lunged at Nassar , who was sitting nearby .
Crying could be heard in the courtroom as Nassar was escorted out . Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis told families in the courtroom to `` use your words , '' not violence .
`` This is letting him have this power over us , '' she said . `` We can not behave like this . I understand this is a remarkable situation . But you can not do this . This is not helping your children . This is not helping your community . This is not helping us . ''
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar on sexual abuse charges . The charges in this case focus on his work with Twistars , an elite Michigan gymnastics club . The judge resumed the hearing after about 25 minutes .
Moments before Margraves ' stunning courtroom charge , one of his daughters , Lauren Margraves , had told the judge that her parents were `` filled with regret '' because they took the girls to see Nassar .
`` I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they ca n't , '' she told Nassar . `` The guilt they have will never go away . All this is because of you . ''
More than 30 victims have given statements so far during the hearing , which began Wednesday and is expected to stretch into next week .
A Fargo , North Dakota , woman was sentenced on Friday to life in prison without the possibility of parole for her part in the grisly death of a pregnant neighbor , who was killed after her baby was removed from her womb , PEOPLE confirms .
At the afternoon hearing for Brooke Crews , prosecutors shed light on the final moments in the life of Savanna LaFontaine-Greywind , a 22-year-old who had dreamed of becoming a registered nurse and who was eight-months pregnant when she was killed in August .
Miraculously , her child survived the attack with minimal physical trauma . The baby is now in the custody of her father , who was LaFontaine-Greywind 's boyfriend .
The details released in court on Friday were the first significant new information in months in a case that has made international headlines .
Prosecutors said at the sentencing that Crews , 38 , admitted she cut LaFontaine-Greywind 's infant daughter out of her body in a kind of crude caesarean section not long after luring the younger woman on Aug. 19 to her third-floor apartment in the building where they both lived , the state 's attorney 's office confirms to PEOPLE .
Quoting what Crews admitted to police , assistant state 's attorney Tanya Martinez told the court that the defendant said after some kind of altercation , that she pushed Savanna , who fell and hit her head .
After the altercation , Savanna was rendered unconscious , assistant state 's attorney Leah Jo Viste told PEOPLE , confirming what had been said in court .
Martinez then said in court that Crews told police , “ I grabbed either a utility knife or a blade . ”
As LaFontaine-Greywind was drifting in and out of consciousness , Crews removed her child from the womb , prosecutors said .
Martinez said that Crews told police , “ I did cut [ LaFontaine-Greywind ] and then I took her baby out of her . ”
Then Martinez quoted Crews as saying that LaFontaine-Greywind “ was not dead when I cut the baby out of her . ”
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter .
Crews also told police that when LaFontaine-Greywind 's body was located , she knew she would be found “ sliced hip to hip , ” Martinez said in court .
Prosecutors did not specify when or where Lafontaine-Greywind died .
Ashton Matheny , LaFontaine-Greywind 's longtime boyfriend and the father of her child , 5-month-old Haisley Jo , told PEOPLE in December that he feared Crews had cut their daughter out of LaFontaine-Greywind .
His suspicions were confirmed on Friday . “ Right now my mind 's kind of paralyzed , ” he told reporters after the hearing . “ [ I ] do n't know how to process it honestly . I do n't think I ever will , because they took the love of my life away . She [ Crews ] stripped my future away from me . ”
Savanna LaFontaine-Greywind Savanna Lafontaine-Greywind/Facebook
From left : William Hoehn and Brooke Crews Cass County Sheriff 's Office/AP
Crews was found with LaFontaine-Greywind 's daughter in Crews ' apartment on Aug. 24 , leading to her arrest , as authorities still searched for the missing woman .
Eight days after vanishing — and three days after Crews and her live-in boyfriend , William Hoehn , were taken into custody — LaFontaine-Greywind 's body was found wrapped in plastic and duct tape in the Red River in Fargo .
Matheny , 22 , had to leave the courtroom when Crews began speaking during Friday 's hearing , a source tells PEOPLE . He attended the sentencing with Haisley Jo .
Dressed in red to honor murdered and missing indigenous women — LaFontaine-Greywind was Native American — her friends and family were also in court .
Before she was sentenced , Crews apologized to LaFontaine-Greywind 's family . “ I 'm just really , really , really sorry , ” she said , according to the Forum . “ I wish I could take their pain . I wish I had n't done this . There is no excuse . There is no rationalization . There is nothing . I know it does n't help , but I am sorry . ”
Crews ' attorney , Steven Mottinger , declined to comment to PEOPLE , but he had asked for his client to be sentenced to life in prison with the possibility of parole , the AP reports .
“ Acceptance of responsibility is important , ” Mottinger said . “ It has to mean something . ”
LaFontaine-Greywind 's mother , Norberta Greywind , also addressed the court , saying their family had to move from Fargo after her daughter 's slaying .
Ashton Matheny with daughter Haisley Jo Peter Bohler
“ I miss her laugh . I miss her so much , ” she reportedly said . “ My heart is literally broken . I find myself looking through pictures and videos . Brooke Crews befriended us . She was monitoring our daily routine . I still have nightmares . I can not accept that someone had done this to my daughter . For someone to do this to another human is beyond evil . ”
“ The pain and void my granddaughter will have to carry for the rest of her life breaks my heart , ” Greywind said . “ Haisley will never feel that love from her mother . ”
• For more compelling true crime coverage , follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard .
Crews pleaded guilty on Dec. 11 to three charges : conspiracy to commit kidnapping , conspiracy to commit murder and giving false information to the police . She had not reached a deal with prosecutors but changed her plea , her attorney said at the time , in hopes of getting a more favorable sentence .
Crews ' boyfriend , the 32-year-old Hoehn , was arrested on Aug. 24 on the same charges . He pleaded not guilty and is awaiting a May trial .
On Thursday , the day before Crews was sentenced , Matheny told PEOPLE he was apprehensive about attending the hearing : “ I do n't know what I 'm going to do or say or feel when I see Brooke in court . ”
He said , “ I am hoping for the best — and hoping for the worst for Brooke . ”
Large parts of Wakefield are among the most deprived areas for education and skilled jobs anywhere in the UK , a new study has revealed .
Around 28 per cent of neighbourhoods in the city were classed as being among the country 's poorest for schooling , training and skills .
Places in Knottingley , Hemsworth and South Emsall and Normanton are among the most deprived .
A number of factors were considered in the findings , including secondary school absence , the number of pupils who stay in education after sitting their GCSEs and university figures .
The survey looked at levels of deprivation in the Leeds City Region , which covers all of West Yorkshire , Barnsley and parts of North Yorkshire .
Alongside a graph showing figures , the report said : “ Skills deprivation is most prevalent in Barnsley , Bradford and Wakefield . ”
It also showed that overall poverty in Wakefield remains a problem , with nearly 15 per cent of the city classed as being among the most deprived in the UK .
And the levels of education provision is having a knock-on effect on the city 's labour market it would seem , with the number of people unable to work also high .
Around a quarter of Wakefield workers are paid less than the living wage of £8.45 an hour , though that figure is relatively typical .
There is a significant gap in productivity between the Leeds City Region and the UK average . In its conclusions WYCA said there was “ no sign ” of this shrinking .
It said : “ A weak skills base plays a key part in this deficit . ”
It added that although more people were receiving job-related training , low skilled-workers were less likely to receive it .
Murray Edwards , from the charity Wakefield and District Community Foundation , said all kinds of poverty remained a huge problem across the area .
He said : “ We recently gave out £10,000 in fuel poverty grants between January and March . The amount of applications we had from people just showed how many people in the district ca n't afford to put electricity in the meter .
“ Part of the reason this is the case is a shrinking in public funding , so organisations that would have been able to help in the past ca n't anymore . ”
LIVERPOOL , England Leicester City manager Craig Shakespeare said Sunday 's 4-2 loss at Everton , his first defeat since taking over from Claudio Ranieri , would not affect his squad as they prepare for a Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid .
The champions had won all five Premier League games under Shakespeare , as well as defeating Sevilla in the Champions League , but despite being 2-1 up after ten minutes , the winning run ended at Goodison Park .
Yet Shakespeare said he had no fears their confidence or momentum would be hampered before the first leg of their historic tie in Madrid on Wednesday .
`` I do n't think so at all . The players are resilient . I have just told them we have been on a really good run and we have to start again , we have to go on another good run , '' he added .
Shakespeare made five changes at Everton and confirmed he had done so with future fixtures in mind .
`` I think the team selection was with the games coming up in mind . We 've got a lot coming up -- Wednesday , Saturday and Tuesday -- but we 've got a good squad , '' he said .
`` We did n't come to try to get a point , the team was picked to try to get three points . The selection was about squad rotation more than anything else . ''
Despite going down to a Tom Davies goal in the first minute , Leicester fought back to lead 2-1 before Everton regrouped and put the game beyond them .
Shakespeare fell one game short of equalling the record for a manager 's best start to a career in the Premier League , the six-match landmark held jointly by Carlo Ancelotti and Pep Guardiola .
Yet he was unconcerned about personal milestones , being more worried about his team 's defending at corners , which cost Leicester the decisive last two goals .
`` Everton have some very good offensive players but in general it was the set plays that were the most disappointing because ultimately they have won the game on two of those , '' he said .
`` We were n't aggressive enough and did n't have enough intent to go and attack the ball , so from that point of view it was more of how we defended as a team . ''
Shakespeare confirmed the expected news that captain and central defender Wes Morgan would not be able to play in Madrid due to the back injury which kept him out of the clash at Goodison .
( Editing by Ian Chadband )
John Stamos is officially a married man , getting his Disney-worthy happy ending with Caitlin McHugh .
The Fuller House star and his fiancée , a 31-year-old model and actress — who is pregnant with their first child — tied the knot on Saturday at a church in Studio City , California , a source tells PEOPLE . The reception was held at Stamos ' home in Beverly Hills .
However , the couple 's wedding weekend did n't exactly go off as planned . The Beverly Hills Police Department confirmed to PEOPLE that McHugh 's hotel room at the Beverly Hills Hotel was burglarized on Friday evening and the unknown thief made off with an estimated $ 165,000 worth of jewelry . Neither McHugh nor Stamos was in the room at the time and the incident remains under investigation .
After almost two years of dating , Stamos , 54 , proposed Oct. 22 , 2017 , at Disneyland , one of McHugh 's favorite places . ( McHugh is an active Disneybounder , a superfan who dresses up in character at the amusement park . )
“ The [ pregnancy ] happened . Then I said , I better have a ring on her finger because it 's the right thing to do , and I wanted to marry her anyway , ” Stamos told PEOPLE exclusively in December . “ So I called her parents to ask , and it was like , ‘ You better ! ' ”
Before popping the question , Stamos screened a short film that he made of romantic moments from animated Pixar and Disney films , ending the display with The Little Mermaid — which encouraged him to “ just ask the girl . ”
“ She loves Disneyland and [ at the park ] , I got on my knee and asked her , ” Stamos said . “ I pulled the ring out . I do n't know how she did it , but she went to hug me and slipped her finger right in it . When the park closed , we ran around the park in our Disney onesies . ”
The pair first met while filming an episode of Law & Order : SVU in 2011 , but it was n't exactly love at first sight .
“ I played a guy who was so egotistical that he thought he should spread his progeny , so he had like 60 kids or something . He was poking holes in condoms and stuff . And Caitlin , ironically , was one of the girls that I was trying to fool and have a baby with , ” Stamos explained . “ That was a long time ago . She was in another relationship . And we just met back up again . Her roommate was on an episode of Fuller House , and so she was in the audience . I walked in , I went , ‘ Hey , are you stalking me ? ' She was like , ‘ No… ' That 's why I love her . She 's like , ‘ What ? No . I have n't thought of you twice . ' ”
Stamos said he has grown since his previous marriage to actress Rebecca Romijn , whom he wed in 1998 and divorced in 2005 . “ I was young . My values were n't set properly , ” he explained . “ I 've kicked and screamed going into adulthood . ”
Still , Stamos held out hope that he 'd get married again and start a family .
“ I knew the right person would come along , especially , if I prayed and hoped , ” he said . “ And I know my parents are up there watching , so I think they delivered an angel to me. ” ( Stamos ' father William and mother Loretta died in 2001 and 2014 , respectively . )
RELATED VIDEO : John Stamos and Caitlin McHugh Are Engaged !
With the wedding now behind them , the newlyweds will gear up for their next major role — as parents . Stamos said that he and McHugh “ talked about ” having a baby in the past , and then everything just fell into place .
“ We have the same morals and the same values , that all clicked nicely . So we said , ‘ Oh , well , maybe we should have a family , ' ” Stamos said .
McHugh suggested , “ ‘ Maybe we should have a kid [ before we get married ] ' and I said , ‘ Why ? ' ” Stamos recalled , revealing she jokingly responded , “ Because you 're old . ”
The couple is overjoyed to be adding to their family — though they 're keeping mum on the baby 's sex for now — with Stamos admitting that he “ always wanted to be a dad ” but was n't sure it was in the cards until now .
“ I 'll be a fun dad . I 've been practicing for a long time , ” Stamos said , joking , “ I 've done every schtick you can do with a baby on TV … all the bits and jokes and diaper gags . I 'll probably just do all that stuff . ”
Chris Polk/KCA2017/Getty Images
McHugh described her new husband as “ the biggest , most loving and generous heart of anyone I know . ”
“ I greatly admire his originality , creativity , ambition , work ethic and humor — all qualities I 'm sure he 'll pass down to his child , ” McHugh said . “ He 's always been wonderful with kids , and I 'm sure he will be an amazing father . ”
The Jerusalem Post reports : WASHINGTON – The Trump administration on Tuesday condemned the Gazan attack on Israel that began in the early hours and continued through the evening .
One official called the attacks “ reprehensible , ” while another told The Jerusalem Post that they justified “ preventative ” measures taken by the Israeli military – actions previewed earlier by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who has vowed a response to the worst day of projectile fire on the South since the 2014 Gaza War ( Operation Protective Edge ) .
“ We are aware of numerous mortar attacks on Israel today and are closely monitoring the situation , ” a National Security Council spokesman told the Post . “ We call on those launching the attacks to cease this destructive violence .
“ We fully support Israel 's right to self-defense , ” the official added , “ and to take action to prevent such provocations . ”
Read more here .
BRIEF-Skanska says sells buildings at university in Kalmar , Sweden
* Skanska divests three buildings at linnaeus university in kalmar , sweden , for about sek 1.1 billion Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
As flash floods ripped through Ellicott City , Angelina Brannigan was trapped inside her clothing boutique screaming for help . Across the street , another woman heard her and called 911 .
“ She 's right now standing on top of her counter screaming , ” the woman told a dispatcher . “ She 's screaming at the top of her lungs . ”
A series of 911 calls released by the Howard County Police on Tuesday detailed the chaos and fear after a massive storm triggered flash floods in Ellicott City on Sunday , killing an Army National Guardsman .
As water quickly flooded buildings and upended cars , police say , 911 dispatchers received more than 1,100 calls and emergency responders conducted 300 rescues .
Brannigan was rescued after she broke her storefront window , letting some water flow out of the building , she wrote on Facebook .
“ I prayed while I waited to be rescued . I have no upstairs so I was trapped , ” she wrote . “ Words can not express the fear I had while holding on . ”
‘ Are we gon na die , ma'am ? '
Dozens of patrons ran to the upper floor at Tea on the Tiber — a Victorian tearoom in the historic downtown — when water quickly rushed inside , turning tables and pushing through the walls .
“ We are coming as fast as we can , ” a dispatcher said .
“ Are we gon na die , ma'am ? , ” the caller asked .
“ Honey , I 'm going to do my best so that does not happen , ” the dispatcher replied .
Wedding interrupted
Right before tying the knot , a bride , a groom and dozens of their wedding guests were forced to find shelter at nearby Mexican restaurant .
“ The river basically flooded out the whole thing and we evacuated to this restaurant , ” the wedding planner said . “ Many people 's cars have been washed away . ”
“ We 're in the heart of the flood , ” a second person calling from the restaurant said . “ We were trying to get them all up . ”
The Kitchener Rangers defeated the Hamilton Bulldogs 4-3 Friday night .
However , the big story for the Bulldogs was n't what happened on the ice Friday . It was what happened off it .
More on TheSpec Bulldogs blog e2e.thespec.com .
April 3 Calfrac Well Services Ltd :
* Calfrac announces equity cure election
* Calfrac Well Services - provided notice to banking syndicate has elected to use first of its two fully-funded $ 25 million equity cures
* Calfrac Well Services - elected to trigger first of its cures even though it is fully compliant with financial covenants included in its credit agreement
* Calfrac Well Services Ltd - use of equity cure effective as of quarter ending June 30 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
( Corrects para 3 to say `` justiciable defence '' not `` justifiable '' )
LONDON , March 29 Ukraine 's sovereign dollar bond prices fell across the curve on Wednesday after a UK court ruled against Kiev in a pre-trial hearing over its $ 3 billion dispute with Russia .
The bond maturing 2027 lost 0.6 cent while 2025 and 2020 issues slipped 0.5 cent and 0.3 cent respectively .
The UK court said Ukraine did not provide `` justiciable defence '' in the case brought by Russia and that it would not be right for the case to go to full trial . Ukraine is planning to appeal the ruling . ( Reporting by Sujata Rao , editing by Karin Strohecker )
Premier 's office says the former NDP premier died after a long struggle with Alzheimer 's disease
Former British Columbia premier Dave Barrett has died at the age of 87 .
A statement from Premier John Horgan 's office says the former NDP premier died after a long struggle with Alzheimer 's disease .
He died today in Victoria .
Barrett was first elected to the B.C . legislature in 1960 .
The former social worker from Vancouver became known as the champion of the little guy .
He was elected eight times as a provincial member of the legislature .
He was also elected as a federal New Democrat MP in 1988 in the former Victoria-area riding of Esquimalt-Juan de Fuca .
Barrett made political history when his left leaning New Democrats defeated the five-term Social Credit juggernaut governments of W.A.C . Bennett in 1972 .
He was B.C . 's first NDP premier and his three-year government from 1972 to 1975 was short-lived but enduring for its political accomplishments .
More coming .
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Former NFL player Matt Leinart officially put the # RingAroundTheJosie on actress Josie Loren at the couple 's wedding Saturday in Asheville , North Carolina .
The onetime Buffalo Bills quarterback , 35 , married the Make It or Break It star , 31 , at the Basilica of St. Lawrence , with the reception following at the Grove Park Inn .
Of course , a starry wedding calls for starry guests . Loren 's Make It or Break It costars Cassie Scerbo attended , as well as 98 Degrees singer Nick Lachey and his wife Vanessa .
Josie Loren and Matt Leinart Tibrina Hobson/Getty
And during the reception , Lachey , 44 , got on stage to sing Stevie Wonder 's “ Superstition ” alongside the bride 's mom . A guest even captured a video of the special moment on Instagram .
Leinart has a son with ex-girlfriend Brynn Cameron , who also shares two children with Detroit Pistons basketball player Blake Griffin , who 's been making headlines for a relationship with Kendall Jenner . Leinart previously dated Paris Hilton and Kristin Cavallari .
The couple documented the days leading up to their wedding weekend on Instagram , using the very punny hashtag # RingAroundTheJosie to keep everyone involved during their big day .
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign
up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
Both Leinart and Loren made it clear how excited they were to tie the knot . “ 5 days and counting until I call you my wife @ josloren , ” the Heisman Trophy winner captioned his photo .
“ ITS OFFICIALLY MY WEDDING MONTH ! ! ! ! T-25 days till I get to marry the guy that makes me laugh every single day ! I mean…how lucky am I ? ! 😉 @ mattleinartqb # RingAroundTheJosie # TheLeinarts2018 , ” the 17 Again actress captioned her picture on May 1 .
Loren even called it , “ the best week ever ” just four days before her wedding day on Instagram .
Guests at the wedding posted photos on social media calling the night “ epic ” and said that “ the love and energy in the room was unreal . ”
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
OSLO — The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded Friday to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons , a group of mostly young activists pushing for a global treaty to ban the cataclysmic bombs .
The award of the $ 1.1-million prize comes amid heightened tensions over both North Korea 's aggressive development of nuclear weapons and U.S. President Donald Trump 's persistent criticism of the deal to curb Iran 's nuclear program .
The prize committee wanted `` to send a signal to North Korea and the U.S. that they need to go into negotiations , '' Oeivind Stenersen , a historian of the peace prize , told The Associated Press . `` The prize is also coded support to the Iran nuclear deal . I think this was wise because recognizing the Iran deal itself could have been seen as giving support to the Iranian state . ''
The Geneva-based ICAN has campaigned actively for the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons , which was adopted by 122 countries at the United Nations in July . On Sept. 20 , the first day the treaty was open for signature , 51 countries signed it and three submitted their ratifications . The treaty needs 50 ratifications to go into force , which advocates are confident will happen .
The United States , Russia , Britain , France and China all boycotted the negotiations ; India , Pakistan and North Korea did not vote .
ICAN also organized events globally in 2015 to mark the 70th anniversaries of The Second World War 's devastating U.S. atomic bombing of the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
Last month in Berlin , ICAN protesters teamed up with other organizations to demonstrate outside the U.S. and North Korean embassies against the possibility of nuclear war between the two countries . Wearing masks of Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un , protesters posed next to a dummy nuclear missile and a large banner reading `` Time to Go : Ban Nuclear Weapons . ''
The group `` has been a driving force in prevailing upon the world 's nations to pledge to co-operate ... in efforts to stigmatize , prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons , '' Norwegian Nobel Committee chair Berit Reiss-Andersen said in the announcement .
The prize `` sends a message to all nuclear-armed states and all states that continue to rely on nuclear weapons for security that it is unacceptable behaviour . We will not support it , we will not make excuses for it . We ca n't threaten to indiscriminately slaughter hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of security . That 's not how you build security , '' ICAN executive director Beatrice Fihn told reporters Friday in Geneva .
She said that she `` worried that it was a prank '' after getting a phone call just minutes before the official Peace Prize announcement was made . Fihn said she did n't believe it until she heard the name of the group being proclaimed on television .
MONTGOMERY , Ind . ( WTHI ) - One of the Wabash Valley 's top basketball coaches has called it quits . According to Barr-Reeve Community Schools , Bryan Hughes has retired from the head coaching post of the Vikings .
Scroll for more content ...
Hughes coached basketball for 33 years , 25 of which were spent at Barr-Reeve . He 's one of the most successful coaches in Indiana basketball history . Hughes holds a career record of 590-205 . His 74.2 percent win rate is fourth highest among active coaches . Hughes finishes his career 17th on the state 's all-time wins list .
During his two and a half decades as a Viking , Hughes took the team to five state title games , winning the title in 2015 . This past season , the Vikings finished with a 24-5 record and a regional title .
BRCS Superintendent Travis Madison announced Hughes ' retirement in a press release Monday afternoon . The full text can be found below .
`` Bryan Hughes , a teacher and coach at Barr-Reeve High School , has informed the Board of School Trustees that he wishes to retire from his teaching and coaching positions effective July 1 , 2018 . The Barr-Reeve Community Schools appreciates Mr. Hughes ' contributions to the school corporation and wishes him well in his retirement .
Travis Madison , Superintendent . ''
Madison stated via email , `` There will be no additional comments from anyone at BRCS regarding the statement at this time . ''
Khloé Kardashian is counting down to her baby 's arrival !
The expectant Keeping Up with the Kardashians reality star , 33 , is nearing the end of her third trimester and will soon be welcoming her first child with NBA boyfriend Tristan Thompson in Ohio , where he plays for the Cavaliers .
“ Khloe is in Cleveland and plans to stay there until the baby is born . She is too far along to fly back and forth , ” a source tells PEOPLE of Kardashian nesting at the couple 's home after being “ basically bicoastal ” for the past eight months .
“ She is doing great and seems very happy every day . Her family is flying to Cleveland when it 's baby time . Khloe especially wants Kris there for the birth , ” the source says .
“ [ Khloé ] is a bit nervous about the birth , but mostly excited . She is taking it easy in Cleveland , getting everything ready and she ca n't wait to meet her baby girl , ” the source shares .
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
Khloé Kardashian Khloe Kardashian/Instagram
Kardashian shared several selfies on Snapchat and Instagram Story Monday , possibly while relaxing at her Cleveland home as she captioned one of the photos : “ Can you tell I 'm bored . ”
The mother-to-be has planned on giving birth in Cleveland for the last few months as she previously told Jimmy Kimmel in January that she hopes to time the delivery with Thompson 's NBA schedule .
“ I do n't know when I 'm having the baby yet , it just happens so I hear , ” she said , adding that she plans on inviting the family member who “ will annoy me the least ” and “ is going to be the calmest ” at the hospital .
RELATED GALLERY : From Mom-to-Be to Mother of Dragons ! See Pregnant Khloé Kardashian 's Budding Maternity Style
Tristan Thompson and Khloé Kardashian Jerritt Clark
Back in December 2017 , Kardashian revealed to fans and followers that she essentially relocated to Cleveland in order to be with Thompson .
“ I 'm so lucky that Tristan really lets me do my own thing . He just likes me to feel comfortable . And I truly do feel like it 's our Cleveland home ! ” she wrote on her website and app , also admitting that moving in with someone is a “ huge step in a relationship . ”
Cleveland has quickly become Kardashian 's home away from home as she has previously celebrated the past few Thanksgivings and Christmases there instead of Calabasas .
RELATED GALLERY : The Khloé Kardashian Guide to Cleveland : See Her Local Favorites in Her ‘ Home Away from Home ' with Tristan Thompson
While Cleveland is something the soon-to-be parent has officially decided on , it appears she wo n't be sharing the name of her daughter until she is born .
Kardashian responded to a fan Friday who pointed out the buzz circulating that she was going to give her baby a floral-inspired name . “ Rose is so cute but no that 's not on my list , ” she replied on Twitter .
The rumors likely came out of the fact that the Revenge Body host frequently posts photos of luxurious rose arrangements to her social media — usually in shades of pink and white .
CINCINNATI — Congressman Jim Renacci selected a former Procter & Gamble executive and Cincinnati councilwoman as his running mate Monday in the Ohio gubernatorial race .
Renacci , a Wadsworth Republican , and Councilwoman Amy Murray will run under the slogan : “ Back 2 Business , Not Business As Usual . ”
Murray , 53 , spent 15 years as a leader in Asian business development at P & G , the Cincinnati-based consumer products giant . She has since formed her own consulting firm , Japan Consulting Group .
The Mount Lookout resident was first elected to Cincinnati City Council in 2013 .
Murray 's addition to the ticket adds gender and geographic diversity to Renacci 's ticket as he faces two better known establishment rivals in the state 's GOP primary : Lt. Gov . Mary Taylor and Attorney General Mike DeWine , who recently married his campaign to that of gubernatorial rival Jon Husted , the secretary of state .
The bellwether state 's Republican governor , John Kasich , is term-limited and unable to seek re-election .
A vocal detractor of President Donald Trump , Kasich has continued to preach bipartisanship and political pragmatism despite his defeat in last year 's presidential election .
Renacci , one of the wealthiest members of Congress , has modeled his campaign after Trump 's , promoting himself as a political outsider after just seven years in Congress and one who could bring his success in business to the governor 's office .
The 70-year-old DeWine , among Ohio 's best-known politicians , has been in public service nearly all of his adult life , including as lieutenant governor and U.S. senator . The 51-year-old Taylor is a CPA who assumed her first state-level elective office in 2003 .
Renacci has labeled his foes “ career politicians ” and “ Columbus fat cats. ” Murray is considered more establishment-aligned than Renacci and she has remained largely quiet on the issue of the fractious politics of the Trump administration .
She could use her ties to Cincinnati 's deep-pocketed donor base to boost Renacci 's campaign , which is largely self-funded , so far .
UPDATE 1-Cycling-British cycling 's 'culture of fear ' criticised in report
LONDON , June 14 British Cycling has been heavily criticised for `` a culture of fear '' in an independent review into the sport , published on Wednesday , which identified failings in governance and leadership following allegations of bullying and sexism .
Do n't get too comfortable , Cris Carter and Randy Moss . Diggs and Thielen have begun to push their way toward the top of some of the lists of the franchise 's all-time leaders .
Sidney Rice was the last 1,000-yard receiver in purple , in 2009 . Before that , Moss in 2003 completed a streak of 11 straight seasons with at least one . Seven of those featured two : Carter and Jake Reed each year from 1994-97 , and Carter and Moss from 1998-2000 .
The primary difference with Diggs and Thielen — both a bit undersized by NFL standards — is that they had to work harder to reach this status . Diggs was a fifth-round draft pick out of Maryland in 2015 and a healthy scratch the first three games of his career . Thielen famously signed out of an undrafted tryout camp in 2013 , spent a season on the practice squad and another couple of years primarily on special teams until his breakout in 2016 .
But they 're both exceptional route runners , with an ability to line up inside or outside and make a shallow cross or a deep post work whenever the situation calls for it . With Brown as an example , the league has seen more and more versatile wide receivers who can confuse and confound defences by moving all over the formation rather than being limited to either the outside or the slot .
`` When a quarterback is in trouble , they 'll come down with the ball , '' said wide receiver Michael Floyd , who 's coming off a four-game suspension and set to join the Vikings as another dangerous down-field option when they play at Chicago on Monday . `` That 's expected in our room . ''
Diggs broke out ahead of Thielen , but he said he 's looked up to his teammate as an example of precise route-runner . Shurmur likened Thielen to an outfielder in baseball for his ability to judge the ball and adjust to it in flight for a catch even if he has n't separated himself from the defender . Both Diggs and Thielen have a keen sense for how to bend a route away from a cornerback to make an interception impossible and a difficult reception look routine . Diggs in particular has a reputation among the Vikings defence for being relentlessly competitive .
`` He wo n't ever stop . He catches a ball in practice , he 'll run all the way to the end zone , '' cornerback Xavier Rhodes said .
The key for the Vikings will now be to keep up this deep passing game with the loss of running back Dalvin Cook , whose early success was setting up those play-action fakes .
`` But also , it 's part of what they do now , '' Detroit coach Jim Caldwell said last week , before his team beat the Vikings 14-7 . `` Before they had been getting the ball out fairly quickly , intermediate passes and those kinds of things , and occasionally down the field . Well now they 're attacking down the field with that real strong running game , so that 's what 's made the difference . Those guys are running really good routes , catching the ball well . ''
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Dave Campbell , The Associated Press
Cree Taylor has this whole older-sibling thing down .
Tia Mowry-Hardrict ‘ s adorable son ( who just celebrated his seventh birthday ! ) is pulling double duty in a snapshot the actress shared to Instagram on Wednesday .
Flashing a mock-surprise face for the camera , the youngster is n't missing a beat in feeding his 8-week-old baby sister Cairo Tiahna a bottle without even looking down .
“ Big brother , ” wrote Mowry-Hardrict , 39 , adding a bottle emoji .
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
RELATED GALLERY : From Tia Mowry-Hardrict to Dwayne Johnson : Stars Who Named Their Kids After Disney Characters
The Sister , Sister alum and host of Tia Mowry 's Quick Fix announced her and husband Cory Hardrict ‘ s second child 's arrival in May , opening up in late June about the significance behind the baby girl 's unique name .
True to her word that she and Hardrict would choose a “ C.T.H. ” name to match Cree 's initials , Mowry-Hardrict explained in a Friday video posted to her Facebook page that Cairo 's first name “ basically means ‘ victorious . ' ”
RELATED VIDEO : Tia Mowry-Hardrict and Cory Hardrict Expecting Daughter
And it has extra-special meaning for Hardrict . He wanted the letters “ A , ” “ I ” and “ R ” , which was inspired by a plane trip he took ( “ He always feels like he 's closer to his mother when he 's up in the air , ” said Mowry-Hardrict ) .
Of her middle name , the new mother of two revealed having “ Tia ” in it was a plus but in addition , “ Tiahna actually means ‘ follower of Christ . ' Also , Tiana was one of the first African princesses , so she is our little princess here ! ”
A drug suspect based in California sends 11.5 kilograms of alleged shabu into the country , declaring them as 'toys '
Published 8:26 PM , December 11 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – The Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency ( PDEA ) presented to the media on Monday , December 11 , around 11.5 kilograms of suspected methamphetamine hydrochloride or `` shabu '' at their national headquarters in Quezon City .
PDEA chief Director General Aaron Aquino said the packs of illegal drugs – laid out before him during the press conference – were seized in two separate operations on the same FedEx delivery service branch in Pasay City .
According to Aquino , the packages were flagged down by one of their K9 units while conducting random searches . The deliveries supposedly passed through FedEx 's x-ray screening process without a problem .
The first haul on November 29 yielded 6 kg of shabu worth P30 million , and the second on December 4 yielded 5.5 kg worth P27.5 million .
The illegal packages , Aquino said , came from the same suspect : American national Tyler Wilson of Culver City , California .
They were shipped into the Philippines declared as `` toys , '' Aquino said , adding that Wilson was taking advantage of the Christmas season , when delivery services are overwhelmed with packages .
`` These illegal drugs or illegal drug group are taking advantage of the Christmas season . It happens , but they are taking advantage of it . And we expect that there are more illegal drugs shipments to come using courier delivery services and shipping services , '' Aquino said .
The first delivery was set to be received by Rogelio Almodiel of Taguig , and the second by Hasmine Erquiza of Quezon City .
When they were visited by the PDEA at their homes , they were nowhere to be found .
When captured , Aquino said , they will be charged with violation of the Dangerous Drugs Act ( Republic Act 9165 ) for illegal importation of illegal drugs .
Aquino said they will coordinate with the courier delivery companies like FedEx to craft rules to prevent more contraband packages sneaking into the country . – Rappler.com
The president of an organization that reaches across racial and cultural lines to bring Americans together around the nation 's foundational principles says he condemns both the “ white right group ” and the “ counter-protesters ” who participated in the events in Charlottesville Saturday .
Bishop E.W . Jackson , the president of S.T.A.N.D. , said in a Facebook video Saturday during the events in Charlottesville , “ Both sides of this want us divided racially . ”
advertisement
Jackson continued :
They want to turn everything into a racial issue . They believe that somehow … our country really is black against white – we 're not that at all . We are a nation founded on principle – not race . … Both [ sides ] are more interested in racial division than they are in us becoming one nation under God , indivisible with liberty and justice for all .
These white racists want confrontation and violence . Unfortunately the left shows up & gives them exactly what they want . Not smart ! — E.W . Jackson ( @ ewjacksonsr ) August 12 , 2017
3 dead in Charlottesville violence . This is just what white racists and black racists want . It proves their cases . Condemn both ! — E.W . Jackson ( @ ewjacksonsr ) August 12 , 2017
The bishop also recommended that Confederate flags and monuments – aside from personal property – be placed where people who wish to view them can do so . He suggests that unifying objects – such as the American flag – be considered for public monuments and symbols .
Jackson explains he makes that recommendation , however , as an African-American who lives in Virginia , has run for office in Virginia , and has visited Charlottesville many times with his family .
“ I have seen those [ Confederate ] monuments , ” he said . “ My family and I have not given them a second thought , to tell you the truth , because what do they have to do with us ? Nobody bothers us , nobody 's harassing us . We never really cared . ”
Jackson says he understands most people who fly the Confederate flag have a loyalty to their state , family , or history – and he is personally not offended by this .
“ I defend anybody 's right to fly a Confederate flag on your pickup truck , on your property – put them anywhere you want , ” he says , but advises these and other similar symbols not be on public property , primarily because they are easily used as a distraction from the really important issues .
The bishop adds that the insistence by some on the left that monuments to , or public buildings named after , founding fathers who owned slaves be removed or renamed is “ preposterous ” and “ ridiculous . ”
“ You 're not going to find any person in American history who was perfect , just like you and I are not , ” Jackson continued . “ To deny the tremendous contribution to the notion of freedom and to the idea of each human being living out their God-given potential is also … preposterous … they illuminated the whole world with the idea of what it really means to be free ! ”
He explains :
But the reality is those who want to exploit division , those who want to try to make something of it are gon na to continually either go back to defend the Confederate monuments or they 're gon na go back to oppose the Confederate monuments , and you 've got the whole country and perhaps the whole world looking at Virginia like , “ Oh , wow , Virginia , those people are really divided racially , are n't they ? They 're really against each other. ” And , folks , it really just ai n't so . A lot of these people who are protesting in Charlottesville are from out of state .
We have to face fact that Confederate symbols attract white racists and black militants looking for trouble . — E.W . Jackson ( @ ewjacksonsr ) August 12 , 2017
The White Right & Black Lives Matter deserve each other . Both represent racial division and hatred . — E.W . Jackson ( @ ewjacksonsr ) August 12 , 2017
Jackson said the increasing rejection of God in America , particularly by the left , has created an atmosphere in which people no longer comprehend the notion that “ you can disagree with people and still love them … you may hate their ideas , but you do n't hate them , and you may be opposed to their policies , but you do n't want their personal destruction . ”
“ The further and further we get as a nation from God , the more love goes out the window , any sense of our common humanity goes out the window , ” Jackson said , adding that those who called themselves the “ white right ” and held crosses and other Christian symbols “ are n't any more Christian than the last rats you saw in the sewer . ”
The left would have us think that nut cases in Charlottesville represent conservatives . US was not founded on race , but on principles . — E.W . Jackson ( @ ewjacksonsr ) August 12 , 2017
“ The farther we get from [ God ] , the more people find reasons to hate one another , ” the bishop said , noting that the country has made great progress in the area of racial equality , though some may not want Americans to enjoy that fact .
Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Ross Cockrell is getting ready to enter his third season with the Steelers and his second straight season the team 's full-time starter . He also started seven games in 2015 . But according to coach Mike Tomlin , he is still looking for development in all areas for the young cornerback .
Coach Tomlin addresses the media following day 2️⃣ of minicamp . https : //t.co/O9KXfy9Nqm — Pittsburgh Steelers ( @ steelers ) June 14 , 2017
I think we forget sometimes that Cockrell is only 25 years old . He spent one season with the Buffalo Bills before coming to the Steelers , but he 's still very young . He got tossed into a starting role back in 2015 essentially by default but has done well in his trial by fire .
Part of why Tomlin and the Steelers are counting on development from Cockrell is that the team is making something of a transition to more man coverage this season which will require him to get better in all those areas to acclimate to the change .
The Steelers have loaded up at the cornerback position but Cockrell and Artie Burns seem to have the top two spots locked down . Cockrell definitely has the mentality to become a top man cornerback but needs to keep showing that development to the coaches .
DUBAI , April 20 A steep overnight decline in oil prices may hurt oil-sensitive shares in the Gulf on Thursday but positive earnings from the largest bank in the United Arab Emirates may boost Abu Dhabi 's index .
Brent crude traded as low $ 52.58 a barrel on Wednesday after a surprising build in U.S. gasoline inventories , though the price has since partially rebounded to $ 53.12 . First Abu Dhabi Bank , formed on April 1 by the merger of National Bank of Abu Dhabi and First Gulf Bank , posted a 12.4 percent rise in combined `` pro-forma '' first quarter net profit to 2.93 billion dirhams ( $ 797.8 million ) .
That was aided by a 145.5 percent jump in `` other non-interest '' income while loan impairment charges dipped 3.9 percent . The merger is expected to produce cost savings of 500 million dirhams , the bank said .
Abu Dhabi National Energy Co may also attract interest after its chief operating officer told Reuters on Wednesday it might sell some oil and gas interests in North America to raise capital for its core business .
Earlier this month TAQA said the state-owned utility company had raised its stake in the company to 74 percent from 52.38 percent after granting TAQA land valued at 18.7 billion dirhams that could potentially offset accumulated losses . Shares in TAQA have risen almost 8 percent since the start of the month .
In Saudi Arabia , shares in cement companies may remain under pressure as yet another producer posted a double-digit decline in first-quarter earnings . Qassim Cement reported a net profit of 80.3 million riyals ( $ 21.4 million ) , down 40 percent from the prior-year period . ( Reporting by Celine Aswad ; Editing by Andrew Torchia )
( Adds details , CEO comment )
By Sonya Dowsett
MADRID , March 29 Shares in Spanish homebuilder Neinor Homes rose on Wednesday on their first day of trading on the Spanish stock exchange in the biggest European flotation of a residential developer in a decade .
Neinor 's stock market debut , valuing the company at 1.3 billion euros ( $ 1.4 billion ) at the listing price , signals the recovery of Spain 's property market after a devastating crash 10 years ago led to the country 's worst recession of modern times .
Shares in the Bilbao-based company were 6.2 percent higher at 17.48 euros at 1004 GMT , shortly after the shares opened for trade .
The initial public offering ( IPO ) , in which U.S. private equity fund Lone Star will sell up to 60 percent in the homebuilder , was more than four times oversubscribed . Funds raised from an accompanying cash call will be used to pay down debt and buy land for building .
The property market recovery in Spain has been patchy with demand in big cities like Madrid and Barcelona and coastal resorts contrasted with a glut of unsold properties in underpopulated central Spain , many owned by banks who lent to property developers who then went bust during the crash .
Neinor has concentrated on buying land and building homes priced between 100,000 euros and 250,000 euros in areas with demand like Madrid , Barcelona and the Basque Country . It plans to build between 3,500 and 4,000 homes annually by 2020 .
`` There is limited supply in areas with strong demand . That is the rationale - we are buying land and developing new homes in these areas , '' Chief Executive Officer Juan Velayos said in an interview on Wednesday .
Neinor 's flotation is the third planned IPO out of Spain so far this year as companies take advantage of buoyant stock markets . Spain 's leading stock market index has risen almost 11 percent since the start of the year .
Spain 's economy has powered out of recession over the last three years , boosted by consumer spending , to outperform the euro zone average in terms of growth . Unemployment has fallen by a third since the height of the crisis .
Cash-in-transit company Prosegur Cash listed on March 17 and car parts maker Gestamp IPO-GEAU.MC is due to float on April 7 in what is expected to be the largest European IPO this year so far . ( $ 1 = 0.9267 euros ) ( Editing by Paul Day and Susan Thomas )
LISBON , Portugal ( AP ) — A small plane crashed Monday beside a supermarket near Lisbon , killing four people on board the aircraft and one on the ground . Four people were slightly injured , emergency services said .
The dead included the Swiss pilot , three French passengers on the plane and a Portuguese truck driver , emergency services operational commander Miguel Cruz told The Associated Press .
The Swiss-registered plane crashed shortly after a noon ( 1100 GMT ) takeoff from the small Tires airfield , 20 kilometers ( 12 miles ) west of the Portuguese capital , Cruz said .
The Tires airfield said the plane was a twin-engine Piper PA-31 Navajo aircraft . The airfield was closed as authorities opened an investigation .
The truck driver was offloading his cargo at the supermarket 's rear cargo bay , about 2 kilometers ( just over 1 mile ) from the runway , when the plane crashed near him . His truck was set ablaze .
The injured were shopping inside the supermarket , which is located in a residential neighborhood , and were treated for shock and smoke inhalation . The crash occurred about 150 meters ( yards ) from an elementary school .
About three dozen firefighting vehicles rushed to the scene . One nearby house was blackened by smoke .
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Midday ' game
DES MOINES , Iowa ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday afternoon 's drawing of the Iowa Lottery 's `` Pick 3 Midday '' game were :
9-2-3
( nine , two , three )
UBS , Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH , June 15 Switzerland 's two biggest banks , UBS and Credit Suisse , are on track to meet the country 's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency , the Swiss central bank said on Thursday .
The NFL had some big moments on Thursday night , Cam Newton issued an apology in response to one of the worst , most manufactured controversies in the history of the NFL . Moreover , another thing happened , there were no protests during the anthem .
Now , the game between the Patriots and Buccaneers was still a slop-fest with dropped passes , overthrown balls , badly missed field goals , and penalties all over the place . So the NFL still has the problem of not being good at playing football . However , on the flip-side , they showed up and played football . Without any of the drama , theatrics , or the narcissistic fashion show the league has become .
advertisement
Granted , the two teams that played on Thursday night , the Bucs and the Patriots , have never had a ton of protesters on either side . Especially the Patriots , who did n't have any protesters until two weeks ago when the defending champs decided to protest President Trump . Had Thursday night featured the Seahawks and the Raiders , two teams with a lot of protesters , the anthem would have looked much different .
Yet it was probably the closest thing to a normal primetime game , that the league has seen in a very long time . While the Michael Bennett 's of the world will likely continue their protests until the bitter end . Watching , the NFL Thursday night , as well as the tremendous drop off in protests from last week . One gets the impression that the vast majority of the NFL might just be ready to respect the flag , and play some football .
And that could n't come a moment too soon .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - GGP Inc ( GGP.N ) , one of the largest owners and operators of U.S. shopping centres , has rejected a $ 14.8 billion ( 11.1 billion pounds ) buyout offer from its biggest shareholder , Brookfield Property Partners LP ( BPY.O ) , people familiar with the matter said on Sunday .
Brookfield Property made a $ 23-per-share cash and stock offer last month for the 66 percent of GGP it does not already own . A combination of Chicago-based GGP and Brookfield Property would create one of the world 's largest publicly traded property companies .
Brookfield Property is considering a new offer for GGP after a special committee of GGP 's board directors turned down its Nov. 11 offer as inadequate , and negotiations between the two companies are expected to continue , the sources said .
The companies do not plan to make a new announcement unless their negotiations lead to a deal or end unsuccessfully , the sources added , asking not to be identified because the discussions are confidential .
GGP and Brookfield Property did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
Brookfield Property 's efforts to buy GGP have come as mall owners across the United States are struggling as a result of many retailers losing out to e-commerce firms such as Amazon.com Inc ( AMZN.O ) .
GGP shares ended trading at $ 23.43 on Friday , giving it a market capitalization of $ 22.2 billion . Its shares have underperformed the wider stock market this year because of the company 's exposure to troubled retailers such as Sears Holdings Corp ( SHLD.O ) .
Brookfield Property Partners shares ended trading on Friday at $ 21.61 , giving it a market capitalization of $ 15.2 billion .
Brookfield Property , an owner and operator of office and retail properties , said last month the deal would allow it to grow , transform or reposition GGP 's shopping centres .
The acquisition would create a company with an ownership interest in almost $ 100 billion real estate assets globally and annual net operating income of about $ 5 billion , according to Brookfield Property .
It is not the first time Brookfield Property 's attempt to buy out a real estate investment trust in which it already owns a big stake has been rejected . Last year , Rouse Properties Inc , another U.S. mall owner , rejected an offer by Brookfield Property , its largest shareholder , only to subsequently agree to a sweetened $ 2.8 billion offer .
Other GGP peers are also coming under pressure . Rival mall owner Macerich Co ( MAC.N ) currently is under pressure from activist hedge fund Third Point Management to explore options including a sale .
Correction : Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at ' A- ' ; Outlook Stable
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) HONG KONG , June 14 ( Fitch ) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's immediate parent . Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's ( CUPI ) Insurer Financial Strength Rating ( IFS ) at ' A- ' ( Strong ) . The Outlook is Stable . KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI 's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co. ,
Jury in Colorado murder case rejects death sentence
COLORADO SPRINGS , Colo. ( AP ) — A Colorado man convicted of murdering two people will spend life in prison with no chance of parole after jurors rejected prosecutors ' request that he be put to death .
KRDO-TV reports that jurors made their decision on Tuesday in Colorado Springs .
The same jurors determined on June 26 that Glen Galloway was guilty of the first-degree murder of Janice Nam and the second-degree murder of Marcus Anderson . Jurors then heard from prosecutors and the defense on whether the former Fort Carson soldier should be sentenced to die .
Prosecutors argued that Galloway killed Anderson , then drove Anderson 's truck to Nam 's home and killed her . Galloway had previously been convicted of stalking Nam , a former girlfriend .
Galloway 's attorneys argued that he killed Anderson in self-defense and shot Nam during a mental break .
It will be one year on Friday that an East Hartford family was forced to say goodbye to their loved one who was deported back to the Dominican Republic .
Scroll for more content ...
He was here legally for over 30 years .
Huddled around a laptop is how the Ferreira family is forced to communicate with husband , father and grandfather Domingo , who is in the Dominican Republic .
On Friday , it 'll be one year since he was deported .
He came to the United States at 14 and was in the country legally .
He was the family 's sole caretaker .
Decades ago , he committed a crime and did jail time .
He was put on Immigration and Customs Enforcement 's ? radar after his identity was stolen .
The past year has n't been easy for those he left behind , especially his wife and children .
`` It does n't seem real that it has been a year but if people knew half the things we 've been through , one thing after another , it just has n't stopped . It has n't gotten easier , '' said Diane Ferreira , Domingo 's wife .
The family lost their East Hartford home to foreclosure , and over the summer , Domingo 's oldest daughter involved in a serious car crash .
She had to learn how to walk again .
`` The helplessness that Domingo felt just being over there and not here and us not knowing is she going to make it ? Is she not , '' Diane said .
Domingo 's youngest daughter gave birth to his first grandson eight months ago , and he still has n't seen him .
His 3-year-old granddaughter who he helped raise since birth is having a hard time with the changes .
`` She feels he left her and does n't want to talk to him on the phone . That kills him . That kills him , '' Diane said .
She has seen her husband just three times in the past year , and his oldest daughter took the trip once , but everyone else has n't seen him since he left .
Domingo has also been out of work which has added to his stress .
`` This was a man who work two to three jobs and to go to a country where he has no contacts , no employment opportunity in the city we ended up in . It 's killed him emotionally , '' Diane said .
A fundraiser is being held for Domingo next week , and the money will be used so he can start up his own business .
The fundraiser will be held on Friday , Feb. 9 from 7 to 10 p.m. at Congregational Church South on Main Street in Glastonbury . It 's $ 10 per person .
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $ 5.8 bln
HONG KONG , June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $ 5.8 billion , to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio .
The 22-year-old social media star sparked severe outrage when he posted a controversial video in December 2017 that appeared to show the body of an alleged suicide victim in Japan 's ‘ Suicide Forest . '
“ This is not clickbait . This is the most real vlog I 've ever posted to this channel , ” Paul said in the YouTube video , New York Magazine reported . “ I think this definitely marks a moment in YouTube history because I 'm pretty sure this has never hopefully happened to anyone on YouTube ever . Now with that said : Buckle the f— up , because you 're never gon na see a video like this again ! ”
After experiencing backlash for posting the controversial video , Paul tweeted out an apology and made a pledge to take some time away from the spotlight . Three weeks later , the disgraced YouTube star posted a video on his channel , explaining his brief hiatus and addressing the social media attacks he experienced after releasing the initial vlog .
“ I will never , ever forget who I am at my core and no one can make me think I 'm something otherwise , ” he said in his video . “ And as long as I 'm learning and improving and getting better as a person , then we are good . … And even though I f—ed up — like , I 'm an idiot — it does n't feel good to have millions of people telling you to go die . ”
Paul also revealed that he met with suicide prevention experts , pointing to his “ Suicide : Be Here Tomorrow ” video and affirming his pledge to donate $ 1 million to suicide prevention organizations .
Speech to Text for Barr-Reeve wins in triple overtime over Loogootee
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video .
for the 100th time tonight .. and even after so many games .. these teams making history in this one .. barr-reeve ranked 4th in class 1-a .. but rankings do n't matter in rivalry matchups .. loogootee 's levi pendley finds jayden wagoner backdoor for the hoop and harm ... the old fashion three- point play helps force overtime ... in ot , gabe gladish proves he ca n't miss this season ... he banks in a three to give barr- reeve a 41-38 lead with three seconds left ... loogootee ball , they need a three to force a second overtime .... they get it to bailey dearwester ..... you talk about a shooters bounce .... this three goes high off the rim twice and falls as time expires to force a second overtime ... never seen a bounce like that with the game on the line ... second ot .... freshman silas bauer who had 15 points give loogootee a one-point lead ... less than a minute to go , six-eight keegan o'neall answers with a three ... barr- reeve 47-45 ... some many clutch moments in this game .... wagoner would step to the line with 26 seconds left and hit two free throws to force a triple overtime ... keegan o'neall says i 've had enough .... he dominated the third ot , nice spin and hoop ... he had 17 points ... barr-reeve wins 56-49 in triple overtime , the game markest the longest game played in this rivalries history .. west vigo basketball riding a season-high three game winning streaks .. looking to make it four in a
A guide talks to foreign reporters as they visit the 170-metre ( 558-feet ) tall Juche Tower in central Pyongyang , North Korea April 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
People sweep in front of statues of former North Korean leaders Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il in central Pyongyang , North Korea April 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Women wear traditional clothes as North Korea prepares to mark Saturday 's 105th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il-sung , North Korea 's founding father and grandfather of the current ruler , in central Pyongyang , North Korea April 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Sailors conduct flight operations on the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson ( CVN 70 ) flight deck , in the South China Sea April 8 , 2017 . U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Matt Brown/Handout via REUTERS
The aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson ( CVN 70 ) transits the South China Sea , April 8 , 2017 . U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Matt Brown/Handout via Reuters
People practice for the expected parade on the main Kim Il-Sung Square in central Pyongyang , North Korea April 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A guide talks to foreign reporters as they visit the 170-meter ( 558-feet ) tall Juche Tower in central Pyongyang . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY .
An F/A-18E Super Hornet from the 'Kestrels ' of Strike Fighter Squadron ( VFA ) 137 takes off from the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson ( CVN 70 ) transiting the South China Sea April 10 , 2017 . Picture taken April 10 , 2017 . U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Sean M. Castellano/Handout via REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY .
REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY . TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
The Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer USS Wayne E. Meyer ( DDG 108 ) transits the South China Sea , April 11 , 2017 . The destroyer is on a scheduled western Pacific deployment with the Carl Vinson Carrier Strike Group as part of the U.S. Pacific Fleet-led initiative to extend the command and control functions of U.S. 3rd Fleet . Picture taken April 11 , 2017 . U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Danny Kelley/Handout via REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY . EDITORIAL USE ONLY . TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
BEIJING/TOKYO Chinese President Xi Jinping called for a peaceful resolution of rising tensions on the Korean peninsula in a telephone conversation with U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday , as a U.S. aircraft carrier strike group steams towards the region .
Xi 's call with Trump came after an influential state-run Chinese newspaper warned that the Korean peninsula was the closest it has been to a `` military clash '' since Pyongyang 's first nuclear test in 2006 .
Tension has escalated sharply amid concerns that reclusive North Korea could soon conduct a sixth nuclear test or more missile launches and Trump 's threat of unilateral action to solve the problem .
READ MORE : North Korea warns of nuclear strike if provoked ; Trump 'armada ' steams on
Trump had already ordered the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier group to head for the Korean peninsula in an attempt to deter North Korea 's nuclear and long-range missile ambitions , which it is developing in defiance of United Nations resolutions and sanctions .
Wednesday 's call between Xi and Trump came hard on the heels of their first face-to-face meeting in Florida last week . It was not immediately clear who initiated the call .
Trump , who has urged China to do more to rein in North Korea , had warned earlier on Twitter that Pyongyang was `` looking for trouble '' and that the United States would `` solve the problem '' with or without Beijing 's help .
READ MORE : A journey to Scarborough Shoal , the South China Sea 's 'Waterworld '
Xi stressed that China `` is committed to the target of denuclearisation on the peninsula , safeguarding peace and stability on the peninsula , and advocates resolving problems through peaceful means , '' Chinese state broadcaster CCTV said of the exchange between the two leaders .
`` China is willing to maintain close communication and coordination with the U.S. side '' , Xi said .
Earlier on Wednesday , two sources in Tokyo said Japan 's navy planned exercises with the Carl Vinson carrier group in a joint show of force , amid concern over the rapid pace of North Korea 's ballistic missile development .
China 's Global Times newspaper also said in an editorial North Korea should halt any plans for nuclear and missile activities `` for its own security '' . While widely read in China and run by the ruling Communist Party 's official People 's Daily , the Global Times does not represent government policy .
The editorial noted Trump 's recent decision to launch 59 Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian airfield in response to a deadly gas attack last week .
`` Not only ( is ) Washington brimming with confidence and arrogance following the missile attacks on Syria , but Trump is also willing to be regarded as a man who honours his promises , '' the Global Times said .
`` The U.S. is making up its mind to stop the North from conducting further nuclear tests . It does n't plan to co-exist with a nuclear-armed Pyongyang , '' it said . `` Pyongyang should avoid making mistakes at this time . ''
MORE TESTS COMING ?
North Korean state media warned on Tuesday of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression .
Officials from the North , including leader Kim Jong-un , have indicated an intercontinental ballistic missile test or something similar could be coming .
North Korea launched a long-range rocket carrying a satellite on April 13 , 2012 , marking the anniversary of the birth of North Korea 's founding president Kim Il Sung .
Saturday will be the 105th birthday of the founding leader .
Two sources in Japan said the Japanese Maritime Self Defence Force ( MSDF ) and the U.S. Navy could conduct helicopter landings on each other 's ships , as well as communication drills , as the U.S. ships pass through waters close to Japanese territory .
`` Japan wants to dispatch several destroyers as the Carl Vinson enters the East China Sea , '' one of them said .
One of the people who spoke to Reuters has direct knowledge of the plan , while the other has been briefed on the exercises . MSDF officials did not respond immediately when asked for comment .
A senior Japanese diplomat said it appeared the U.S. position was to put maximum pressure on North Korea to reach a solution peacefully and diplomatically .
`` At least , if you consider overall things such as the fact that the U.S. government has not put out warnings to its citizens in South Korea , I think the risk ( of military action ) at this point is not high , '' said the diplomat , who asked not to be identified .
South Korea 's acting president , Hwang Kyo-ahn , has warned of `` greater provocations '' by North Korea and ordered the military to intensify monitoring .
The North fired a liquid-fueled Scud missile this month , the latest in a series of tests that have displayed Pyongyang 's ability to launch attacks and use hard-to-detect solid-fuel rockets .
North Korea remains technically at war with the United States and its ally South Korea after the 1950-1953 Korean conflict ended in a truce , not a peace treaty . It regularly threatens to destroy both countries .
The Carl Vinson strike group , which canceled a planned visit to Australia , is sailing from Singapore . The 100,000-ton Nimitz-class vessel is powered by two nuclear reactors and carries almost 100 aircraft .
Japan 's navy , the second largest in Asia after China , is made up mostly of escort destroyers , but includes four large helicopter carriers .
( Additional reporting by Ju-min Park in SEOUL , Tim Kelly in TOKYO , and Michael Martina , Christian Shepherd and Philip Wen in BEIJING ; Writing by Michael Perry ; Editing by Paul Tait )
Like all schools in South Mississippi the 19 schools in the Pascagoula-Gautier School District have officers on campus . All of them are equipped with the tools needed to help in the event of an emergency .
March 29 Alliance Global Group Inc
* Refers to news article “ AGI , Travellers look to refinance dollar debt ” posted in business world online
* Confirms information in news article
* Clarifies that since bonds will only be due in second half of year , it is open to explore other refinancing means that will be beneficial at that time Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
A 40-year-old Juneau woman allegedly stabbed a man during a domestic dispute this morning at an apartment complex on Gastineau Avenue .
The man was treated for serious injuries at Bartlett Regional Hospital , according to Juneau Police Department . Police say he was in stable condition .
Melanie Whalen was arrested for felony first-degree assault .
According to a police department news release , someone called 911 at 3:11 a.m. reporting that someone may have been stabbed during a physical disturbance between neighbors at a residence in the 300 block of Gastineau .
When officers arrived , they found Whalen and the 28-year-old Juneau man , who was suffering from serious stab wounds to his torso and left arm , police spokesman Lt. Krag Campbell said . Capital City Fire/Rescue took the man to the hospital .
A knife believed to have been used in the assault was located inside the residence .
Whalen is being held without bail in Lemon Creek Correctional Center .
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK , June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks , while tamping down the risk of currency declines , regulatory filings showed on Wednesday .
After a 20-year absence the Stone Tomcats are back in the hunt for the Class 5A State Basketball Championship .
Baker Hornets defeated the Harrison Central Red Rebelettes 6-3 at the Harrison Central-West Harrison Softball Invitational on Thursday . Plus , highlights from the West Harrison Track & Field Invitational .
Cameron University 's Dean of Students Zeak Naifeh has been appointed to national education advisory group .
Naifeh has been appointed to the National Association for Campus Activities ( NACA ) Education Advisory Group and will serve as general member for a two-year term .
The university 's dean of students since January 2015 , he joined the Cameron staff in June 2006 as director of student activities . Over the years , his responsibilities were broadened to include oversight of the Aggie Rec Center and the McMahon Centennial Complex , and he was promoted to director of campus life .
NACA provides knowledge , ideas and resources for campus life at institutions of higher education throughout the country . The organization provides members with programs and events that focus on student and professional leadership development , program planning , concert management , diversity and other areas .
STILLWATER , Okla. — Loryn Goodwin had 25 points , nine rebounds and six assists and Kaylee Jensen scored 23 points with nine boards to help No . 23 Oklahoma State beat Kansas 92-63 on Saturday night .
Goodwin was 10-of-14 shooting and Jensen made 8 of 13 from the field . Braxtin Miller added 17 points and Jaden Hobbs scored 12 on a career-high four 3-pointers for Oklahoma State ( 16-6 , 7-4 Big 12 ) . Mandy Coleman had 11 points and eight rebounds .
Goodwin scored 10 points , including two 3-point plays , during a 13-2 run that gave the Cowgirls a 21-10 lead late in the first quarter and Kansas trailed the rest of the way . Goodwin made a layup and then a jumper to open the second quarter and push the lead into double figures , 30-17 , for good .
Christalah Lyons made 7 of 10 from the field , hit 7-of-9 free throws and finished with 21 points — one shy of her career high — for Kansas ( 11-12 , 2-10 ) . Kylee Kopatich scored 16 points and Brianna Osorio added 13 .
Speech to Text for Jails and the flu
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video .
at the knox county jail . he has been doing this for eighteen years . he says out of those years flu outbreaks have n't been an issue . `` i mean you 'll get the occasional cold or something like that but never like a flu outbreak . you 'll get one or two people who may have it and then they treat , our medical staff will treat their symptoms . '' that 's because jails like knox county have been doing what they can to keep the facility flu free . features like video visitation with inmates helps prevent the spreading of germs . but the jail staff makes sure to take care of themselves as well . `` the staff , the 30 some correctional officers do take the flu shots . we maintain cleanliness throughout the facility . '' `` the knox county jai stresses the importance of keeping their inmates healthy because if there is a flu outbreak , it could cost tax payers money . '' `` it takes a stress on staff as well as medical staff that it does cost money to do that and if it does become an outbreak of substantial notice , then i would have to go back to county council and request more money . '' as of this year they have n't had any major flu issues . that 's why captain wilson will continue staying healthy to prevent a flu outbreak disaster . `` i hope that the staff and the inmates stay healthy and we do n't get sick and be down for an extended period of time . '' healthy practices that could save the county money . in vincennes , garrett brown . news 10. the sheriffs department also told news 10 inmates can also ask for the flu vaccine . but only 1 inmate of the 211 have done so . police made an arrest in the trash can
Everton 's stellar home form this season intimidates their opponents , manager Ronald Koeman has said ahead of Sunday 's Premier League game against leaders Chelsea .
Everton , who are seventh in the league , won their last seven home league games and have just one loss in 17 league fixtures at Goodison Park this season , collecting 40 out of 51 available points at home .
Only Chelsea and second-placed Tottenham Hotspur have a better home league record this season .
`` You want your home form to be good , to be intimidating and for the whole experience for opposition teams to be intimidating , '' Koeman told British media .
`` We have good momentum at home right now , the team is confident , we are playing aggressively with a good press , good tempo and good quality .
`` Opposition teams have more doubts these days when they come to Goodison , and that 's a good thing . ''
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru ; editing by Amlan Chakraborty )
BUFFALO , N.Y. — The NHL suspended Buffalo Sabres forward Johan Larsson two games for cross-checking Florida Panthers forward Vincent Trocheck in the face .
The league 's department of player safety issued the ruling after conducting a hearing with Larsson on Friday , a day after Buffalo 's 4-2 loss to the Panthers . Larsson was already facing a one-game suspension after being issued a 10-minute match penalty and 5-minute cross-checking major for his hit to Trocheck with 35 seconds left in the game .
The hit occurred after Trocheck and Sabres defenceman Jake McCabe got their sticks up during a skirmish at the Panthers blue line . Larsson skated toward Trocheck and cross-checked him .
In its ruling , the NHL noted Larsson 's stick initially hit Trocheck high on the left shoulder before riding up to connect with the player 's cheek . The league , however , noted players are responsible for their sticks .
`` When a player attempts to intentionally use his stick to deliver a blow to an opponent , he can not necessarily be excused of all responsibility when the blow lands in an unintended place , '' the league ruled .
Following the game , Larsson said he merely `` pushed him a little bit and the ref came and grabbed me . ''
The fifth-year player will lose close to $ 15,900 in salary and miss Buffalo 's home games against St. Louis on Saturday and Anaheim on Tuesday .
Emotions boiled over between the Sabres and Panthers shortly after Florida 's Colton Sceviour closed the scoring with 2:24 remaining . Officials issued a total of 56 minutes in penalties to six players , including Larsson , over the final 2:01 .
___
More AP hockey : https : //apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Chris Brown is no stranger to controversy and legal troubles .
Most recently , stars like Ed Sheeran and Kendall Jenner , who appeared in Brown and Lil Dicky 's music video , came under fire for supporting “ an abuser ” — referencing the time Brown assaulted then-girlfriend Rihanna in 2009 . The domestic violence incident was also alluded to in a 2018 Snapchat ad for a game called “ Would You Rather ? ” , which asked users if they would rather slap Rihanna or punch her ex . The market value of the app 's parent company dropped almost $ 800 million due to the ad , according to CNN .
And in terms of his recent run-ins with the law , Brown was arrested on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon in 2016 , and his ex-girlfriend Karreuche Tran was granted a restraining order against him the following year .
For context , here is a chronological list of Brown 's legal struggles .
February 8 , 2009
Brown and then-girlfriend Rihanna have an argument that escalates into physical violence on the part of Brown . Rihanna is left with visible facial injuries and is hospitalized ; Brown is subsequently charged with felony assault and making criminal threats on March 5 . He pleads guilty to a felony on June 22 of that year and accepts a plea deal of community labor , five years ' probation and domestic violence counseling .
June 2010
Brown is denied a visa to the U.K. over the assault on Rihanna . He had been planning a short tour in the U.K. and Ireland . In a statement , the U.K. 's home office wrote , “ We reserve the right to refuse entry to the UK to anyone guilty of a serious criminal offense . Public safety is one of our primary concerns . Each application to enter the UK is considered on its individual merits . ”
March 22 , 2011
Following an interview with Robin Roberts on Good Morning America in which Brown is asked about the incident with Rihanna , the singer allegedly blew up in his dressing room during a commercial break and threw a chair at a window overlooking Times Square . He confronted several members of the show 's production staff and exited the building , shirtless .
June 14 , 2012
Eight people are injured in a brawl in an NYC nightclub involving Brown , Drake , NBA star Tony Parker , and assorted members of the trio 's entourages . Brown later makes a diss record about Drake ( A remix of Chief Keef 's “ I Do n't Like ” ) and Brown 's attorney claims that Drake was the instigator of the brawl , though the pair appear together in a comedic skit two years later at the ESPY Awards , suggesting they 've made up .
September 2012
Brown tests positive for marijuana while working at his community service .
October/November 2012
Brown attends a Halloween party dressed as an Islamic terrorist . Also present at the party is Rihanna , which is a violation of the restraining order taken out against Brown in the wake of the assault . He appears in court on November 1 .
January 2013
Brown and his entourage clash with fellow singer Frank Ocean and his group outside a West Hollywood recording studio , reportedly over a parking space . One of Brown 's entourage reportedly used a homophobic slur against Ocean and Brown allegedly punched Ocean and threatened to shoot him , though the latter declines to press charges .
July 2013
Brown 's probation is revoked after his involvement in an alleged hit-and-run in Los Angeles . Earlier in 2013 , reports surfaced that questioned the validity of Brown 's community service – he appeared to be credited with having served time during periods in which he was out of the country . The hit-and-run charges are eventually dropped , but Brown is served with an additional 1,000 hours of community service .
October 27 , 2013
Brown is arrested for felony assault in Washington D.C. when he and his bodyguard are involved in an altercation with two men outside of a hotel . He spends 36 hours in jail and is brought back to California to appear in court in Los Angeles .
October 2013
Brown voluntarily enters a rehab facility , only to be kicked out on November 14 for violent behavior . Six days after that , he 's sentenced to three months at an anger management rehab facility .
February 2014
Brown is diagnosed with bipolar disorder and post-traumatic stress disorder by doctors while in rehab . The facility believes his past behavior stemmed from his attempts to self-medicate his troubles .
March 14 , 2014
Brown is kicked out of the Malibu treatment facility where a judge ordered him to stay after serving his 90 days . He is sent to jail for violating the facility 's rules and on May 9 , 2014 , is sentenced to 131 days in jail for his probation violation .
June 2 , 2014
Brown is given early release from jail . He remains on probation and is ordered to complete his remaining community service and see a psychiatrist twice a week .
September 2 , 2014
Brown pleads guilty to assault related to the incident in D.C .
January 15 , 2015
Brown 's probation is revoked when a judge learns he 'd traveled outside Los Angeles County without prior consent to perform at a nightclub for a private performance . An altercation during the performance escalated into gunfire and five people were shot .
February 25 , 2015
Brown confirms that he 's been denied entry into Canada based on his criminal history .
May 5 , 2015
Brown is briefly named in a misdemeanor battery case in Las Vegas in which a man alleges the singer hit him after an argument over a basketball game . The man declined to press charges .
July 24 , 2015
Brown is allowed to leave the Philippines after being detained there following a fraud investigation over his cancellation of a New Year 's Eve concert in 2014 after already receiving $ 1 million to perform .
December 2015
Brown cancels his tour of Australia and New Zealand a week before the first show . In late September , Australia 's immigration minister , Peter Dutton , warned Brown his visa would be denied , based on his criminal history , if he could not show just cause to the contrary .
January 2 , 2016
Brown is investigated by police in Las Vegas after a woman alleges he beat her and stole her cell phone during a party at the Palms Casino Resort . Brown 's rep calls the charges “ Unequivocally untrue . ”
August 2016
Brown is out on bail after being arrested on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon following an hours-long standoff with police at his Los Angeles mansion .
April 2017
Police say the singer allegedly “ sucker punched ” a 28-year-old club photographer in Tampa during a paid appearance at AJA Channelside . The alleged victim claimed that Brown attacked him because he was taking photos after Brown arrived at the venue for an after-party “ showing , ” police said . He is not arrested .
June 2017
A judge grants model Karrueche Tran a restraining order against the singer and ex-boyfriend for the next five years , PEOPLE confirms . The model alleges in court that Brown texted her violent threats , such as , “ I can get my money back and I 'm tired of playing games , ” along with , “ Bitch I will beat the s— out of you ” and “ I promise you I will make your life hell . ”
William Carey and Mississippi College open the doubleheader at MGM Park beginning at 1:00 p.m. At 6:35 p.m. the Mississippi State Bulldogs will attempt to end a five game losing streak to Southeastern Louisiana .
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON , June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year , the Premier League club said on Wednesday .
Everyone loves to listen to throwback music every now and then and WABD is going to help you get there by throwing back our music every weekday at noon with Jimmy Steele ! Jimmy will play 5 songs in a row every weekday that remind you of a time where life was n't so serious . You can…… More
The logo of Toshiba Corp is seen at its headquarters in Tokyo , Japan January 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Toru Hanai
The Voglte Unit 3 nuclear island and turbine building are seen during their construction by primary contactor Westinghouse , a business unit of Toshiba , near Waynesboro , Georgia , U.S. in an undated handout photo . Georgia Power/Handout via REUTERS
The Vogtle Unit 3 , being constructed by primary contactor Westinghouse , a business unit of Toshiba , near Waynesboro , Georgia , U.S. is seen in an aerial photo taken March 2017 . Georgia Power/Handout via REUTERS
The Vogtle Unit 3 and 4 sites , being constructed by primary contactor Westinghouse , a business unit of Toshiba , near Waynesboro , Georgia , U.S. is seen in an aerial photo taken February 2017 . Georgia Power/Handout via REUTERS
WILMINGTON , DEL./TOKYO Westinghouse Electric Co , a unit of Japanese conglomerate Toshiba Corp , filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday , hit by billions of dollars of cost overruns at four nuclear reactors under construction in the U.S. Southeast .
The bankruptcy casts doubt on the future of the first new U.S. nuclear power plants in three decades , which were scheduled to begin producing power as soon as this week , but are now years behind schedule .
The four reactors are part of two projects known as V.C . Summer in South Carolina , which is majority owned by SCANA Corp , and Vogtle in Georgia , which is owned by a group of utilities led by Southern Co .
Costs for the projects have soared due to increased safety demands by U.S. regulators , and also due to significantly higher-than-anticipated costs for labor , equipment and components .
Pittsburgh-based Westinghouse said it hopes to use bankruptcy to isolate and reorganize around its `` very profitable '' nuclear fuel and power plant servicing businesses from its money-losing construction operation .
Westinghouse said in a court filing it has secured $ 800 million in financing from Apollo Investment Corp , an affiliate of Apollo Global Management , to fund its core businesses during its reorganization .
For Toshiba , the filing will help keep the crisis-hit parent company afloat as it lines up buyers for its memory chip business , which could fetch $ 2 billion . Toshiba said Westinghouse-related liabilities totalled $ 9.8 billion as of December .
Toshiba said it would guarantee up to $ 200 million of the financing for Westinghouse . Toshiba shares closed up 2.2 percent but have lost half their value since the nuclear problems surfaced late last year .
The Apollo loan needs court approval and is expected to carry Westinghouse for a year , people familiar with the matter said . The funds would support the company 's global operations , including its healthier services and maintenance businesses , and pay for construction workers on site in Georgia and South Carolina , the people said .
However , the money can not be used to repay the liabilities stemming from cost overruns and delays at the projects , the people said .
SCANA told investors on a conference call on Wednesday that 5,000 workers would continue working on its South Carolina site for 30 days while the company while it weighed options .
`` Our preferred option is to finish the plants . The least preferred option is abandonment , ” said SCANA CEO Kevin Marsh .
Southern Co said in a statement it would hold Westinghouse and Toshiba accountable for its contract .
States regulators have approved costs of around $ 14 billion for each project but Morgan Stanley has estimated the final bill of around $ 22 billion for the South Carolina project and around $ 19 billion for the Georgia plant .
POSSIBLE SALE
Westinghouse 's nuclear services business is expected to continue to perform profitably over the course of the bankruptcy and eventually be sold by Toshiba , people familiar with the matter said . They cautioned that the sale process will likely be highly complex and litigious .
The bankruptcy could embroil the U.S. and Japanese governments , given the scale of the collapse and the $ 8.3 billion in U.S. government loan guarantees that were provided to help finance the reactors .
A U.S. Department of Energy spokeswoman said the agency expects the parties to honor their commitments .
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission said it was inspecting the sites to ensure the facilities met the requirements of the licenses that were issued to units of Southern and SCANA .
Shares of SCANA were down 0.8 percent at $ 65.64 and Southern Co fell 0.4 percent to $ 49.90 in trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
NUCLEAR RENAISSANCE
When regulators in Georgia and South Carolina approved the construction of Westinghouse 's AP1000 reactors in 2009 , it was meant to be the start of renewed push to develop U.S. nuclear power .
However , a flood of cheap natural gas from shale , the lack of U.S. legislation to curb carbon emissions and the 2011 Fukushima nuclear accident in Japan dampened enthusiasm for nuclear power .
Toshiba had acquired Westinghouse in 2006 for $ 5.4 billion . It expected to build dozens of its new AP1000 reactors - which were hailed as safer , quicker to construct and more compact - creating a pipeline of work for its maintenance division .
NUCLEAR FALLOUT
Toshiba has said it expects to book a net loss of 1 trillion yen ( $ 9 billion ) for the fiscal year that ends Friday , one of the biggest annual losses in Japanese corporate history . Toshiba had earlier forecast a loss of 390 billion .
Toshiba will close the first round of bids for its chip business - the world 's second-biggest NAND chip producer - on Wednesday . A source with knowledge of the issue said that about 10 potential bidders had shown interest , including Western Digital Corp which operates a Japanese chip plant with Toshiba , rival Micron Technology Inc , South Korean chipmaker SK Hynix Inc and financial investors . Tsunakawa said offers for the unit are likely to allow Toshiba to maintain shareholder equity . Toshiba believes the unit will be worth at least 2 trillion yen ( $ 18 billion ) , he added .
The government-backed Innovation Network Corporation of Japan , and Development Bank of Japan are expected to enter later bidding rounds as part of a consortium , sources said .
A separate source said that Foxconn , the world 's largest contract electronics manufacturer , is expected to place an offer which is likely to be the highest bid . Other sources have said the Japanese government is likely to block a sale to Foxconn due to its deep ties with China .
( Additional reporting by Kentaro Hamada , Yoshiyasu Shida , Taiga Uranaka , Hitoshi Ishida and Sam Nussey in Tokyo , Scott DiSavino and Jessica DiNapoli in New York , Tracy Rucinski in Chicago and Tom Hals in Wilmington , Delaware )
CLEVELAND — Six months after being drafted , Myles Garrett can finally show why he was the No . 1 pick .
Garrett missed Cleveland 's first four games — all losses — with a high right-ankle sprain . But the 21-year-old rookie made it through a week of practice without any trouble , and he 'll make his regular-season debut Sunday for the Browns against the New York Jets .
Garrett announced his return earlier this week on Twitter . On Sunday , he 'd like to proclaim it with a sack .
`` It 's special , '' he said about the prospect of a Game 1 sack . `` It 's like a fat guy 's touchdown . But whatever I can do to affect the game and just be a helping hand for this defence , if we can just help get a win on this field , I 'll do whatever I can , whatever that takes . ''
The Browns need a jolt of any kind , and the 6-foot-4 , 275-pound former Texas A & M star might be just what Cleveland needs to shake off another slow start .
Coach Hue Jackson said Garrett 's snaps could be limited as the team does n't want to take any extra chances with the rookie defensive end now that he 's finally healthy .
`` It is exciting , not only for myself and our coaching staff but for him and for his teammates , '' Jackson said . `` They want to get him out there playing . They know that he brings something to the table for our football team , and we are looking for any spark , opportunity . Somebody that can continue to raise the bar for our team . That is what we need . ''
Garrett may not be 100 per cent healthy , but feels ready to give it a shot .
`` Am I peak ? No , but it 's good enough for me , '' he said . `` I can move , I can run , I can bend , and if I can do that , I can be out there and I can make a difference . ''
As thrilled as the Browns are to have Garrett back , linebacker Christian Kirksey hopes expectations are kept in check .
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY , Va. – Chesterfield school leaders voted Tuesday night to approve proposed school start time changes beginning with the 2019-19 school year .
The changes come after experts argued that Chesterfield high school students were leaving for school entirely too early , some as early as 5:40 a.m . The start time for high school students is currently 7:25 a.m. in Chesterfield .
JUST IN : Chesterfield School Board votes to approve new proposed school start times @ CBS6 — Chelsea Rarrick ( @ ChelseaCBS6 ) February 15 , 2017
A research study by the American Academy of Pediatrics showed that students who do n't get enough sleep often suffer from physical and mental health issues , an increased risk of car accidents and a decline in academic performance .
Beginning in 2018 , schools will operate on the following schedules :
7:35 a.m.-2:05 p.m. : Middle schools ( with the exception of Tomahawk Creek Middle )
7:45 a.m.-2:15 p.m. : Bensley , Bon Air , Crenshaw , Clover Hill , Jacobs Road and Wells elementary schools
8:30 a.m.-3 p.m. : All high schools , Tomahawk Creek Middle and Alberta Smith , Chalkley , Grange Hall , Matoaca and Salem Church elementary schools
9:25 a.m.-3:55 p.m. : All remaining elementary schools
The changes align starting times for 11 high schools with research–based recommendations .
The new school start times would be for the 2018-2019 school year . Board says still work but this is a step in the right direction . @ CBS6 — Chelsea Rarrick ( @ ChelseaCBS6 ) February 15 , 2017
The changes are estimated to cost approximately $ 1.5 million annually , a total that will cover expenses related to 30 new bus drivers , fuel and maintenance .
Stay with CBS 6 for the latest on this developing story .
Bethenny Frankel 's # BStrong Initiative Is Helping Puerto Rico With Partner Charity “ Delivering Good ”
Come back every day at 8:30 a.m. EST to watch People Now streaming live from Time Inc. headquarters in New York City , and rebroadcast at 11:30 am EST . Get the absolute latest in celebrity news , real-life people stories & the best of fashion and food .
Want even more ? Watch clips from yesterday 's People Now .
April 20 BSB Bancorp Inc-
* BSB Bancorp Inc reports first quarter results - year over year earnings growth of 44 %
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.40
* BSB Bancorp Inc - net interest and dividend income before provision for loan losses for quarter ended March 31 , 2017 was $ 13.26 million versus $ 11.28 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
* * Pets at Home still seen by some fund managers as a play on people 's unfailing willingness to spend money on their pets , even as short interest in the stock hits all-time highs
* * David Smith , who runs Henderson High Income Trust , started buying Pets at Home end-2016 , has added to holdings this year
* * Stock second-worst YTD performer on FTSE 250 , -24 % after disappointing Q3 , but short interest continues to rise
* * Bear case surrounds pricing - co may need to do more to compete with online players like Germany 's Zooplus
* * Smith says co has acknowledged online players are more competitive , has cut own label prices and now necessary to wait and see how that response translates into volumes
* * PM highlights co clear market leader on retail side , sells 50 % of all pet products in UK
* * He likes services side of biz ( includes veterinary practices and dog & cat grooming ) which is underdeveloped in a sector growing quite rapidly over next 5-10 yrs
* * PM flags good visibility over earnings growth coming through longer term ( e.g . opening 50-60 grooming salons in the year ) , meantime dividend yield 4.1 % , expects special dividend
* * PM highlights co 's click and collect , `` holy grail '' of online retailing whereby customers can choose to shop when in store picking up products
* * Schroders ' Andy Brough also holds stock ( RM : tricia.wright1.thomsonreuters.com @ reuters.net )
It 's Meow Monday and today we have Floette !
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
This tiny cutie is only three months old . She came onto planet earth with five other kittens that look exactly like her . She is still learning her manners and getting to know life but Floette definitely loves to snuggle . She enjoys being entertained and appreciates all the play time she can get . If you 're interested in adopting Floette head over to ACCT Philly website for more information .
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON , June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday , opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date .
March 31 Calix Inc
* Calix announces resignation of chief financial officer
* Calix Inc says William Atkins , executive vice president and chief financial officer , has given notice that he will be leaving company
* Calix Inc - will announce plans to fill chief financial officer position on an interim basis in near term
* Calix Inc - conducting a nationwide search to find a replacement for Atkins Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Dwayne “ The Rock ” Johnson 's dad is making the most of his recent surgery .
The Jumanji star , 45 , shared a photo of his 73-year-old father , former pro-wrestler Rocky Johnson , alongside a brand-new Cadillac on Instagram . He explained in the photo caption that his dad asked for the new ride after a recent hip replacement surgery .
“ My pops just had his hip replaced and called me and said ‘ Hey Mr. D the surgeon really feels like I should have a bigger car since my hip rehab .. ' I cut my dad off and just started laughing because I knew what he was hustling for , ” Johnson posted .
“ I said ‘ say no more .. I got you .. just go down and pick out what you want ' then we hung up and hours later I get this pic , ” he added .
Johnson went on to explain that his father was always tough on him as a kid , saying , “ He 'd kick my ass from one side of the gym to the other for years . ”
He added , “ I hated it when I was a kid , but grateful for it as a man . Im lucky I could do this and thanks for the ass kickins . ”
At the beginning of the post , Johnson joked , “ We all got daddy issues lol . ”
The actor 's other most recent personal post to Instagram involved his 2-year-old daughter Jasmine Lia . Last week , Johnson shared a sweet video on the social media platform in which she appeared healthy and happy days after being taken to the emergency room .
( L-R ) Ata Johnson , Dwayne Johnson and Rocky Johnson . Michael Tran/FilmMagic
The Fate of the Furious actor revealed in an Instagram video earlier this month that Jasmine had been taken to the emergency room . Johnson , who frequently posts videos while at the gym after workouts , explained without too much detail about his scare . Representatives for the actor have not commented further about the little girl 's current condition .
Johnson shares Jasmine with his girlfriend , Lauren Hashian . The couple announced in December that they were expecting their second child together , a girl . The star also has 16-year-old daughter Simone Alexandra from a previous relationship .
LOCUST GROVE , Va. — Investigators are searching for a man accused of shooting someone Wednesday morning in the Somerset Ridge subdivision of Orange County .
Orange County Sheriff 's Office received a report of gunfire in the area of Chesterfield Road at approximately 9:35 a.m . Shortly thereafter , the Sheriff 's Office says they received a second phone call saying that a person had been shot .
When deputies arrived on the scene they determined there was a shooting and secured the scene . Investigators told homeowners to stay inside their homes as they investigated the shooting , near Germanna Highway .
“ The main road leading into the Somerset Ridge subdivision was closed at that time due to concerns that the shooter was still close by and to prevent further injury to vehicular traffic passengers , ” the Orange County Sheriff 's Office said in a press release . “ The investigation revealed the identities of the parties involved and it was determined after hours of investigation that the shooter was no longer in the subdivision . ”
Virginia State Police and Spotsylvania County Sheriff 's Office also responded to assist the department .
That victim in the shooting is expected to be OK , according to Orange County Sheriff 's Office Chief Deputy Michael LaCasse .
The department says they are obtaining warrants for Alonte M. Pernell , 24 , of Locust Grove . He is wanted for malicious wounding and use of a firearm in the commission of a felony .
Pernell is described as a black male who is 6 ' 1 ” tall , weighs 189 pounds , with black hair , brown eyes and possibly dreadlocks .
The suspect was last seen in a 2006 Pontiac sedan , grey or silver in color with the Virginia license plate VVP-5234 . It is believed that Pernell may have gone to the Northern Virginia , Maryland , Washington DC area .
Anyone with information of his whereabouts or information about this shooting is asked to call the Orange Sheriff 's Office at 540-672-1200 .
If you or a loved one is feeling distressed , call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline . The crisis center provides free and confidential emotional support 24 hours a day , 7 days a week to civilians and veterans . Call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 . Or text to 741-741
CLICK HERE for the warning signs and risk factors of suicide . Call 1-800-273-TALK for free and confidential emotional support .
OAK PARK , Mich. – A line of truckers along with the Michigan State Police helped a man who was considering suicide on a highway overpass .
Police received a call about a man on a bridge over I-696 early Tuesday morning around 1 a.m. , according to WJBK ,
This photo does show the work troopers and local officers do to serve the public . But also in that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take his own life . Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255. pic.twitter.com/RBAlCIXT1o — MSP Metro Detroit ( @ mspmetrodet ) April 24 , 2018
Michigan State Police troopers blocked all lanes of traffic , then waved through several semi-truck drivers and asked them to park under the overpass on both the westbound and eastbound sides of the interstate .
In total , 13 semi trucks parked under the overpass to shorten the distance the man would fall if he jumped , WJBK reports .
Negotiators spoke with the man for several hours , and thankfully he did not jump off the bridge . He walked off the overpass , and Huntington Woods officers took him to Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak .
You can also call a loved one , member of the clergy or 911 . There are so many people that can help you make the choice to get help and live ! It is our hope to never see another photo like this again . pic.twitter.com/cDfm1CK1BZ — MSP Metro Detroit ( @ mspmetrodet ) April 24 , 2018
Important note : If you or a loved one is feeling distressed , please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 . It provides free and confidential emotional support 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . You can also call a loved one , member of the clergy or 911 .
April 6 Neustar Inc :
* Neustar Inc announced a new advanced marketing analytics partnership with Google
* To help marketers more accurately analyze how their marketing investments drive sales , help optimize their advertising spend across brands Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
May 2nd Century Pacific Food Inc
* To acquire the Hunt 's license for Philippines
* Co to purchase rights to manufacture , sell , and distribute Hunt 's branded products in the Philippines from JV between Universal Robina and Conagra Foods Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
VALPARAISO , Ind . ( AP ) — An Indiana panel is hearing from caregivers about the challenges they face when caring for disabled clients .
Scroll for more content ...
The Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities Task Force recently heard from about three dozen speakers in Valparaiso , The Post-Tribune reported .
Speakers included representatives from Opportunity Enterprises , a nonprofit that helps individuals with developmental disabilities .
“ Listen to the moms , ” said Marc Ruiz , a board member for the nonprofit . “ The moms know what these kids need . ”
Many speakers urged the group led by Lt. Gov . Suzanne Crouch to maintain and improve existing services . Speakers highlighted the challenges of low wages and safety concerns for caretakers , as well as challenges in finding employment and affordable housing for clients .
Opportunity Enterprises employees are often paid less than the typical retail employee , despite assistance from the state , said Kathy Jackson , the nonprofit 's Chief Human Resources Officer .
“ I have watched ( our staff ) change the lives of our clients , but not be able to put food on their own table , ” she said . “ I have watched them put in long hours away from their families because we can not hire enough staff to cover all shifts . ”
Jackson said the nonprofit wo n't be able to serve their clients if they lack the ability to recruit and retain staff .
The organization has more than 400 employees , said Ellen DeMartinis , president and CEO of Opportunity Enterprises .
The committee is gathering comments throughout the state and will present recommendations to lawmakers in November . The task force will also hold meetings in Indianapolis , New Albany and Columbia City .
MIDEAST STOCKS-Gulf falls as oil drops ; banks soft despite rate rises
DUBAI , June 15 A tumble in crude oil prices to November lows put pressure on Gulf stock markets on Thursday morning , while banking shares reacted little to interest rate hikes in the region following the U.S. Federal Reserve 's move overnight . Riyadh 's stock index was down 0.3 percent after half an hour after Brent crude dipped below $ 47 a barrel ; half of the 14 listed petrochemical producers fell , with PetroRabigh down 0.9 percent .
Residents of B.C . will begin voting , by mail-in ballot , on electoral reform on October 22nd .
Voting will close November 30th .
David Eby , Attorney General , says there will be two questions on the ballot… .
There are three models to choose from .
Dual Member Proportional would see two MLA 's elected , one based on the first past the post system and a second based on a proportional basis .
Eby says Mixed Member Proportional would keep First Past the Post elected MLA 's but add seats on a regional basis to increase the proportionality of the results .
He says Rural-Urban Proportional is a system that would elect MLA 's using a single transferable vote in urban areas and mixed member proportional in rural areas .
The chief electoral officer will select one designated group to advocate on behalf of retaining the current First Past the Post voting system and one to advocate on behalf of proportional representation .
Each group will get 500,000 dollars to press their case .
The results of the referendum will be binding on the government and a second referendum would be held after two government terms to see if voters want to continue with the chosen voting system .
Eby says , if a proportional system is adopted there will be no significant increase in the size of the legislature , no region of the province will have fewer MLAs than it currently has and no political party will be eligible to receive a seat if they receive less than 5 per cent of the overall vote in the province or region .
April 20 D.R . Horton Inc
* D.R . Horton Inc reports fiscal 2017 second quarter earnings and declares quarterly dividend of $ 0.10 per share
* Q2 earnings per share $ 0.60
* Q2 earnings per share view $ 0.59 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees FY 2017 revenue $ 13.6 billion to $ 14 billion
* D.R . Horton Inc says reaffirming fiscal 2017 guidance for consolidated pre-tax profit margin in a range of 11.2 % to 11.5 %
* D.R . Horton Inc - increasing fiscal 2017 guidance for consolidated revenues to a range of $ 13.6 billion to $ 14.0 billion and for homes closed between 44,500 and 46,000
* Qtrly homes closed increased 18 % in value to $ 3.2 billion and 15 % in homes to 10,685
* D.R . Horton Inc says qtrly net sales orders increased 17 % in value to $ 4.2 billion and 14 % in homes to 13,991
* Sees home sales gross margin of around 20 % in 2017
* Qtrly co 's sales order backlog of homes under contract at March 31 , 2017 increased 7 % to 14,618 homes and 9 % in value to $ 4.4 billion
* Sees cash flow from operations in range of $ 300 million to $ 500 million in 2017
* D.R . Horton Inc says homebuilding revenue for Q2 of fiscal 2017 increased 17 % to $ 3.2 billion from $ 2.7 billion in same quarter of fiscal 2016 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
VOL . 41 | NO . 32 | Friday , August 11 , 2017
4 to be inducted into Tennessee Journalism Hall of Fame Print | Front Page | Email this story To :
From :
Message :
From ( email ) :
Message :
MURFREESBORO , ( AP ) — Four longtime journalists will be inducted Tuesday into the Tennessee Journalism Hall of Fame .
Inductees include Stephen Leon Alligood , a longtime reporter with The Tennessean and Nashville Banner who served as an embedded reporter in Afghanistan ; Tom Humphrey , retired Capitol bureau chief for the Knoxville News Sentinel who covered state politics for almost 40 years ; Larry Woody , retired sports writer for The Tennessean and a three-time Tennessee Sports Writer of the Year ; and Don Whitehead , who helped break the color barrier as an African-American radio news broadcaster at WLAC-AM in Nashville in the 1960s and 1970s .
The Hall of Fame is housed at Middle Tennessee State University .
Extreme heat a challenge for firefighters battling flames
GREENFIELD , Mass . ( AP ) — Firefighters battling an intense Massachusetts house fire had to be checked for heat exhaustion .
WGGB-TV reports a fire broke out in Greenfield around 2:30 p.m. Tuesday but has since been knocked down .
The area surrounding the three-story brick home at 94 Elm Street is shut down as crews from five towns continue to work .
One resident has been transported to a local hospital for a heat-related injury .
Officials say three firefighters were checked out at the scene for heat exhaustion .
Officials do not know the cause of the fire .
Temperatures in Greenfield are hovering just over 90 degrees .
___
Information from : WGGB-TV , http : //www.wggb.com
HOUSTON — Carlos Correa , Jose Altuve and the high-powered Astros led the majors in runs , hits and batting average in the regular season .
Now that it 's playoff time , Houston is still hammering away .
Correa homered , doubled and drove in four runs , Altuve got two more hits and the Astros battered the Boston Red Sox 8-2 Friday to take a commanding 2-0 lead in the AL Division Series .
George Springer also homered to back Dallas Keuchel in Houston 's second straight romp by the exact same score .
`` One through nine , everybody can do damage , everybody can go deep , '' Correa said . `` That 's the good thing about our lineup , there are no holes in our lineup , and we feel very confident no matter if we went 0 for 4 the day before or if we went 4 for 4 . ''
The Astros will go for a sweep in the best-of-five matchup Sunday at Fenway Park , a year after Boston was swept in the ALDS by Cleveland . Brad Peacock ( 13-2 ) starts for Houston against Doug Fister ( 5-9 ) .
`` We could n't really script it any better , '' Keuchel said .
A day after Altuve hit three home runs in the playoff opener , he got things going with a two-out single in the first inning off Drew Pomeranz . Correa , who went 0 for 4 on Thursday , made it 2-0 when he launched a towering shot onto the train tracks atop left field .
`` For me if he 's not No . 1 , he 's No . 2 in the league , '' Altuve said of Correa , often referring to him as his little brother . `` One of the best players , I 'm really happy to have him on my team . Believe it or not I have learned from him . ''
Keuchel pitched into the sixth , allowing one run and three hits while striking out seven to improve to 3-0 with a 0.96 ERA in three career post-season starts .
A kid asks Trump to sign his hat at the White House Easter Egg Roll . The president signs ... and then tosses the hat into the crowd . pic.twitter.com/7ExdhpO97H
WAIT , THAT 'S NOT HOW THAT WORKS Trump Signs A Kid 's Hat , Chucks It Into The Crowd At Easter Egg Roll
The tonal shift of the kid 's voice between `` Will you sign my hat ? Thank you ! '' and his panicked `` No ! '' as his hat flies into the crowd really takes this video to another level .
There 's more recycling going on in Harrison County under a new service with Team Waste .
Leery NFL fans are waiting to see if players mar the opening of Super Bowl LII with anthem protests .
After a season filled with millionaire players using the national anthem as a platform to claim they are being “ oppressed , ” fans tired of the attacks on the country are ruing the opening ceremony fearing that protests will detract from the game .
To be sure , no players protested during the playoffs . However , the Super Bowl is a much bigger platform than the playoffs , and we already have one team headed to Minnesota that has a history of protests . Members of the Philadelphia Eagles have been protesting for most of the year and having the Super Bowl as a platform may prove too tempting for social justice warriors such as Eagles safety Malcolm Jenkins .
But not everyone is expecting protests for the big game . Chris Lewis , the creative strategist for Sports Pundit , told the Washington Times that he does n't foresee any protests .
“ The Philadelphia Eagles did n't kneel at all . The Patriots did a little , ” Lewis said . “ Personally , I would be surprised if anybody did , but it 's definitely going to be something to watch . Even around the office , people were saying , ‘ I was n't planning on watching the game , but I do want to see what 's going to happen . ' Or if anything 's going to happen . ”
However , Robert Kuykendall , a spokesman for 2ndVote , warned the NFL that fans are tired of the protests .
“ We 're reminding the NFL that fans want football , not politics , at the Super Bowl , ” Kuykendall said while urging the league to “ choose veterans over politics . ”
Even millennials seem ready for a more traditional milieu for the NFL . 84 percent of millennials , for instance , said that the Super Bowl should just be about “ selling products ” and football instead of political messages .
Some sources , though , say that fans are looking forward to a fun game . According to the National Retail Federation , Americans are set to spend big for their Super Bowl viewing parties .
“ Consumers are carrying strong spending momentum from the holiday season into their Super Bowl festivities , ” Phil Rist , a spokesman for Prosper Insights & Analytics said . “ This is evident through increased plans for purchasing while the number of viewers remains steady with last year . Fans are n't afraid to spend a few extra dollars to make this year 's game the best one yet . ”
Still , it was already reported that the NFL lost $ 30 million in advertising revenue over that seen in the 2016 season . And by all accounts , the constant protests against the country has contributed to the nearly ten percent drop in TV ratings the NFL suffered during the 2017 regular season . If fewer viewers tune in for this year 's Super Bowl , it will be yet another sign that the NFL has gone from being America 's game to the anti-American game .
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @ warnerthuston .
Call Me By Your Name fans are obsessed with Armie Hammer 's dancing in the Oscar-nominated film , even though Hammer himself has explained how awkward that moment was for him to shoot .
To prove he was n't just being modest , the actor shared footage from the set , showing just how awkward that scene was .
“ For anyone who thought I was exaggerating how terrible filming dance scenes is…. , ” Hammer wrote of the video posted to Instagram .
“ When you 're filming a dance scene , what they do n't tell you is there 's no music . None , ” he had explained to James Corden during an appearance on The Late Late Show . “ Like , you get this [ snaps his fingers ] for like three seconds , and then they cut the click track . ”
As expected , the scene Hammer revealed was completely silent apart from awkward shuffling and the actors ' feet hopping around the dance floor . Though , Hammer noted the video was taken of him “ trying to keep the non-existent vibe alive ” between takes .
Hammer and his costar , Timothée Chalamet , recently met up with their fans in Italy for a midnight dance party , mimicking another scene from the movie . “ Party in the Duomo ! ” they were spotted shouting .
Directed by Luca Guadagnino , Call Me By Your Name is a coming-of-age and coming-out tale for 17-year-old Elio ( Chalamet ) , who becomes captivated by an older intern ( Hammer ) living at his parents ' 17th-century villa in Italy .
The film is nominated for four Oscars — Best Picture , Best Actor ( Chalamet ) , Best Adapted Screenplay ( James Ivory ) , and Best Original Song ( Sufjan Stevens ) .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
The following factors could affect Italian markets on Wednesday .
Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy . New items are marked with ( * ) .
For a complete list of diary events in Italy please click on .
ECONOMY
ISTAT releases March consumer and business confidence data ( 0800 GMT ) .
DEBT
Treasury sells 6.5 billion euros 6-month BOT bills . Subscriptions close at 0900 GMT .
COMPANIES
ITALIAN BANKS
Banca Popolare di Vicenza posted a 1.9 billion euro ( $ 2 billion ) loss for 2016 and said it had suffered severe deposit outflows , raising questions over whether it will be deemed viable by regulators that must approve its request for state aid . ( * ) The CEO of Banca Popolare di Vicenza will go to Frankfurt on Thursday to discuss with European Central Bank 's officials the possibility to be eligible for a precautionary recapitalisation , MF reported . ( * ) State funds may be used in vehicles aimed at buying banks ' bad loans , a document prepared for the upcoming meeting of European Finance ministers said , according to Il Sole 24 Ore .
( * ) BANCA INTERMOBILIARE
Veneto Banca will pick advisers to decide on the future of its private bank unit , the lender said in a statement on Tuesday .
TELECOM ITALIA
At the request of Consob the company issued a statement detailing the discussions that took place between its board and auditors over Vivendi 's influence on the company .
It said the auditors had reviewed board decisions since 2015 and concluded that board members had , with a few minor exceptions , always backed the positions of directors appointed by Vivendi .
However , the company said its board members - in rejecting the auditors ' conclusions - had ruled out having been swayed by Vivendi 's representatives and said their decisions had been taken independently .
It added that two of its board members had proposed strengthening checks and balances procedures on a voluntary basis for deliberations involving Vivendi and board members appointed by the French group . ( * ) Telecom Italia will ask Italian market watchdog to say whether French media company Vivendi is controlling the Italian group , Il Sole 24 Ore reported . ( * ) The phone company will take part in upcoming auctions for soccer rights to be broadcasted on its TimVision platform , its CEO said on Tuesday according to some Italian newspapers .
Telecom could also be interested in buying rights to broadcast soccer matches through digital terrestrial television system and could team up with Mediaset on this , opening the way for a compromise between Mediaset and French media company Vivendi , La Stampa reported .
( * ) ATLANTIA , SAVE
French fund Infravia and Deutsche Bank will launch a takeover bid on SAVE in the short term and Atlantia is expected to sell its 22 percent in the airport operator , Il Sole 24 Ore reported on Wednesday .
( * ) IPO , AC MILAN
Chinese investors in talks to buy soccer club AC Milan aims to list the club on the Chinese stock exchange or on Wall Street in 2018 to repay the costly financing obtained by U.S. private equity fund Elliott , Il Sole 24 Ore reported .
INTESA SANPAOLO
Italy 's biggest retail bank targets a net non performing loan ratio of 6 percent by the end of 2019 from 8.2 percent at the end of 2016 , a source with knowledge of the situation said on Tuesday .
PARMALAT
Lactalis reopens takeover bid on Parmalat shares , ends on April 4 .
FINCANTIERI
Board meeting on FY results .
For Italian market data and news , click on codes in brackets :
20 biggest gainers ( in percentage ) ............
20 biggest losers ( in percentage ) .............
FTSE IT allshare index
FTSE Mib index ........
FTSE Allstars index ...
FTSE Mid Cap index ....
Block trades ..........
Stories on Italy ...... IT-LEN
For pan-European market data and news , click on codes in brackets : European Equities speed guide ................... FTSEurofirst 300 index .............................. DJ STOXX index ...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors ........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors ...................... Top 10 Eurofirst 300 sectors ................... Top 25 European pct gainers ....................... Top 25 European pct losers ........................ Main stock markets : Dow Jones ............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225 ............. Tokyo report ............ FTSE 100 ............... London report ........... Xetra DAX ............. Frankfurt market stories CAC-40 ................. Paris market stories ... World Indices ..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook ......... Western European IPO diary .......................... European Asset Allocation ........................ Reuters News at a Glance : Equities ............... Main currency report : ...............................
BARCELONA Barcelona came through a testing local derby at Espanyol to win 3-0 and cling on to their slender lead at the top of La Liga thanks to two clinical finishes from Luis Suarez and a strike from Ivan Rakitic made by a vintage slalom run by Lionel Messi .
Suarez pounced on a disastrous backpass from Jose Manuel Jurado to break the deadlock in the 50th minute and Rakitic sealed the win in the 76th by side-footing home Messi 's cutback after the Argentine had torn through the home defence .
Suarez , who had failed to score in his previous five games in all competitions , took advantage of another calamitous error by the otherwise impressive Espanyol backline and rifled in from close range in the 87th minute .
Barça were under pressure to win after Real Madrid had beaten Valencia to provisionally lead the standings earlier in the day , and the champions got an early fright when Jurado eased into their area but fired wide of the far post .
Espanyol 's good organisation then went to waste when Jurado gifted the ball to Suarez , who knocked it past former Real Madrid goalkeeper Diego Lopez with an effortless flick of the outside of his right boot .
Barça top the standings on 81 points due to their superior head-to-head record over Real , who also have 81 and have a game in hand .
( Reporting by Richard Martin , ; Editing by Neville Dalton )
Ketchikan hosted the annual Alaska Wood Energy Conference last week , where participants heard about how biomass works in different places , and how to make the technology more known , and eventually less expensive to install and operate .
Biomass is ancient .
Humans have been burning wood to produce heat and light for thousands of years ; but new technology has turned that ancient energy source into low-emission fuel that fits nicely on the menu of renewable energy options .
Unlike wind and solar , for example , biomass does n't get a lot of policy perks , which has slowed its growth .
That was a recurring theme of the 2017 wood energy conference – building policy .
In his presentation , Chris Rose of the Renewable Energy Alaska Project spent some time making the case for biomass : energy demand is on the rise , fossil fuels will run out , and renewable energy is a fast-growing industry that the United States – and Alaska — should n't miss out on .
One big reason is the potential cost savings .
“ Alaskans are estimated to be using about $ 5 billion worth of energy every year , ” he said . “ So , if you collectively put together all the money that you and I put into transportation , heat and electricity : 730,000 people , we 're spending $ 5 billion . Let 's just say we can save 20 percent of that $ 5 billion . That 's a billion dollars we 're literally burning up every year . ”
In Alaska , though , Rose said state funding for biomass has dried up .
Traditional banks do n't like to invest in biomass , because they consider the technology too new , and therefore risky .
Rose suggests that the state establish a “ Green Bank , ” an independent state agency , kind of like the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority , that attracts private investors for biomass projects by providing some guarantees for the loans .
“ It 's all about not spending state money , ” he said . “ It 's all about leveraging state money and getting as much private money out of the markets as possible . ”
The model already exists , and Rose pointed to the Connecticut Green Bank as a success story .
Canada already has taken a lead on encouraging biomass through policy . Several presenters from Canada talked about how that works for Alaska 's closest neighbor .
Fernando Preto , a biomass researcher based out of British Columbia , said the Canadian federal government has specific policies in its proposed budget to support renewable and sustainable energy projects , including biomass , for the northern territories .
The total for those projects is about $ 300 million Canadian .
That huge swath of land is sparsely populated , even by Alaska standards , with small , isolated communities . And a large portion of the territories is treeless , too .
So , like Alaska , there 's no one solution that will fit all the needs . They have to get creative , Preto said , and policies have to be flexible . It 's worth the investment , though , because of the potential long-term economic benefits .
“ If you have wood resources , you have local employment , you have local development , but much more important than that is the capacity , ” he said . “ In some communities , especially in northern Ontario , they are at the capacity ( or ) near the capacity of their diesel generators . When they reach 75 percent of capacity , they go into a load restriction status . Any local industry is told you have to cut back on your power consumption . ”
That 's not an attractive situation for industries exploring new locations .
Blair Hogan of the Teslin Tlingit Council in the Yukon also spoke . While they have hydro for their electric needs , they were on diesel for heat . He said their new biomass heat system uses chipped waste wood harvested locally .
How did policy help them ? Hogan said government grants were a major contributor . And with the new system , the community now has a source of local jobs and a way to reduce the area 's wildfire risk .
Ryan Hennessy , senior energy planner with the provincial government of Yukon , said the government has a “ basket of policies ” to increase the viability of biomass .
One example is a policy to use biomass in public facilities and government buildings , which provides a large , steady customer for wood chips or pellets , thus supporting the industry .
“ What went along with the biomass energy strategy was public consultation , ” he said . “ This proved very important to us . We heard a lot of things both for and against biomass . People were broadly in favor of biomass energy . ”
But , he said , people also had concerns about the potential for overharvesting , and environmental problems related to emissions .
So , Hennessey said , they worked to calm concerns about timber supply and emissions – the newest technology provides a pretty clean burn — and they helped fund training within communities such as Teslin , teaching locals the various aspects of supplying and running a chip boiler .
Washington and Oregon also have some established policies to encourage biomass .
Dylan Kruse of Portland-based Sustainable Northwest said one of the challenges for biomass is , right now , it 's more expensive than natural gas . But , he said , policies can narrow that price gap through tax credits , like those that drive solar and wind-energy projects .
That would require people in the biomass industry to toot their own horns .
“ We do n't do it as well ; we 're not as proud of it . But we should be . It 's renewable ; it 's base-load power , that 's very valuable to utilities , ” he said . “ It 's got diverse outputs and distribution , whether it 's electricity or heat or even transportation fuels . We can save money and reduce our dependence on fossil fuels , and it has a lot of other great ancillary benefits , like supporting forest stewardship and controlled waste disposal . ”
There are some federal programs in place that help , such as the U.S. Forest Service 's wood energy grants .
But , Kruse predicts there will be less help on the federal side in coming years , so the focus should be on increasing and improving policies within individual states .
Kruse said the best way to encourage state policy is to talk with lawmakers and their staff , and to work with individual communities that are interested in biomass , so they , too , can lobby for state incentive policies .
OIL PRICE movements will be mixed this week , with gasoline staying unchanged while diesel and kerosene set to move in different directions .
Diesel will be up by P0.40 per liter while kerosene will be down by P0.55 per liter , oil companies that sent their advisories on Monday afternoon said . The price changes reflect the movements in the international petroleum market .
For most companies , the price adjustments will be implemented at 6 a.m. on Tuesday , March 20 .
Last week , the prices of gasoline , diesel and kerosene were cut by P0.35 , P0.55 and P1.25 , respectively . — Victor V. Saulon
Leila de Lima 's story bears constant retelling . Her trials are our trials , her tragedy is our tragedy .
Published 11:00 AM , February 03 , 2018
Senator Leila de Lima will complete a full year of imprisonment on February 24 . It 's not imprisonment , only detention , her jailers might correct us . But no trick of technical hair-splitting can minimize the injustice done her . It only adds insult to injury .
Make no mistake about it : Leila de Lima is a prisoner of conscience . Indeed , she is the conscience of our time . Her story is our story . We can only ignore it at our peril : our very rights and freedoms turn on it .
If we allow ourselves to be cowed or otherwise led into believing she is a criminal or an enemy , deserving therefore to be locked away , we will be abandoning our every good sense ; we will be walking into our own prison cell , for that 's what life is like in a world turned upside down after Rodrigo Duterte 's heavy hands have worked it over .
But , really , how can anyone be mistaken about De Lima 's case when there is actually no case ? The plot is simply too ridiculous to be credible .
Duterte 's justice secretary forms a choir of drug-dealing convicts to testify against her . It 's an enlistment they can not refuse . But what have they got to lose anyway ? They are all in for life .
And so , they shed their prison clothes , slip into decent civvies , and proceed to sing their song . As justice secretary once herself , De Lima , they intone , allowed them to continue their drug trade from prison and took a share in the profits .
Further , to create the impression that she is by trait no good , inquisitors from the Department of Justice and the Duterte-controlled Congress rake up a private romance of hers and misrepresent it , spectacularly , on national television .
Certain issues arising from De Lima 's case have gone up to the highest court . At every instance , she was found deserving of all that had befallen her and denied any relief , not even such standard sort as bail for provisional and limited liberty .
But what had her accusers got on her really ? Nothing but the word of men condemned to prison for the rest of their lives ( unless pardoned by the President ) for far graver crimes than untrustworthiness and conscripted by the country 's chief jailer himself for his plot – a plot so simplistic and indeterminate he has to this day not made up his mind as to what exact charge to finally bring .
As for concrete evidence , not one penny of dirty money or one gram of illicit drug has been presented .
The case has been put through the normal judicial process , true , but that does not make for any guarantee that justice is being done or any justification of De Lima 's incarceration .
In Duterte 's presidency , the pattern of voting in the Supreme Court itself scarcely inspires trust in the process . At least two of its rulings – apart yet from the one denying de Lima 's plea for liberty on an invalid warrant of arrest – could only have pleased Duterte : one acquitted former president Gloria Arroyo , the other hero 's burial for the dictator Ferdinand Marcos . By its acquittal of Arroyo , the Supreme Court also supplied the precedent that inspired the graft court , Sandiganbayan , to grant bail to former Senator Jinggoy Estrada , also accused of plunder , a crime for which no bail is normally allowed .
Arroyo , Marcos ' heirs , and Estrada 's father , Joseph , mayor of Manila and himself a former president and plunder convict , who owes Arroyo his pardon , all happen to be chief allies of Duterte 's .
The Supreme Court is composed mostly of Arroyo and Duterte appointees , and they tend to vote as a bloc .
De Lima 's persecution , in any case , goes beyond politics ; it is personal and pathological : she has crossed a certified narcissist and autocrat . The collision goes back 8 years . As chairperson of the Commission on Human Rights , De Lima began to investigate Duterte , mayor then of his native Davao City , for allegations of death-squad murders .
As senator , she continued hounding him in his presidency as similar allegations resounded around his war on drugs , which by then had already left too many dead ( the number has since grown to several thousands ) . At a Senate hearing she chaired , a colleague in the opposition , Antonio Trillanes IV , presented a confessed assassin for Duterte who testified that Duterte had ordered a plot against her , to be carried out when she traveled to Davao for her initial inquiry .
The testimony triggered efforts to get her out of the way . On short order , she was robbed of her committee in the Senate , then of her very dignity , as the tables were turned on her and her most private life was transmogrified and paraded at public hearings in both houses of Congress ; in the end she was robbed of her freedom .
That 's why Leila de Lima 's story bears constant retelling . Her trials are our trials , her tragedy is our tragedy . – Rappler.com
WICHITA , Kan. ( AP ) — A transgender teacher in Kansas has been named “ National Educator of the Year ” by the Gay , Lesbian & Straight Education Network .
Wichita North High School music teacher Stephanie Byers came out as a transgender woman in 2014 .
Byers said she decided to come out as a transgender woman just five years shy of possible retirement , despite her fears about what it could mean for her and those around her .
“ There was an urgency to it , and I could no longer put it off , ” Byers said . “ But there 's still the fear , because you never know . ”
Byers said she did n't transition to be a pioneer or an advocate , but that she 's become both .
The 55-year-old has in recent years met with school leaders , participated on panels about LGBTQ issues , talked with parents about gender identity , chaperoned a local “ Day of Advocacy ” and spoken at the state Capitol .
Byers said she 's received “ absolutely amazing ” support from Wichita district officials and from North High Principal Sherman Padgett .
“ People that I have never spoken to in this building came up and wrapped their arms around me to tell me how much they care for me and love me and were proud of me , ” Byers said . “ It was very , very affirming . ”
Padgett said he nominated Byers for the award because she 's “ just an all-around great teacher and a great person . ”
“ It would be great if we could get to the point where we can normalize the LGBTQ community , ” said Padgett . “ She chose to live her true identity , and when that just becomes normal , that 's when kids will realize they belong here just as much as everyone else . ”
Ludacris is ready to become a dad times four .
The Best.Cover.Ever . host has three little girls , but he wants one more child — and this time he 's thinking in blue .
“ My New Year 's resolution is to get a boy , believe it or not , ” Ludacris , whose real name is Chris Bridges , tells PEOPLE .
“ We 're going to try one more time , ” he shares . “ So all next year I 'm going to be trying to get a boy . ”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
# sundayfunday avec une de mes cocottes Cadence . A post shared by Eudoxie ( Eh-dox-ee ) Bridges ( @ eudoxiee ) on Dec 3 , 2017 at 2:02pm PST
RELATED VIDEO : Ludacris Weds Longtime Love Eudoxie Mbouguiengue in Surprise Ceremony
For more coverage , follow our babies magazine on Flipboard .
The Ludaversal rapper and his wife , Eudoxie Mbouguiengue , are already parents to 2½-year-old daughter Cadence Gaëlle , whom the couple welcomed in May 2015 . She joined big sisters Cai , 4 , and Karma , 16 , the star 's daughters from previous relationships .
As for if Mbouguiengue is ready for another tot ? “ She 's very much on board , ” says Ludacris who , along with trying to expand his family , has been busy keeping up with his three daughters .
“ The girls are doing good , ” says the star . “ [ Cai ] has a birthday this weekend , and [ Karma ] is learning how to drive . She 'll have her driver 's license in two months . ”
You deserve it all and then some baby girl . ⭐️ # karma16 A post shared by @ ludacris on Aug 12 , 2017 at 12:10am PDT
FROM PEN : What Hoda Kotb 's Mom Taught Her Is the Same Thing She Wants to Pass on to Daughter Haley Joy
RELATED : Ludacris Guest Stars as Get-Well Gus in Disney Junior 's Doc McStuffins – See the Exclusive Clip !
The 40-year-old admits that having a daughter who 's about to be driving “ was [ scary ] at first ” but he 's getting used to it now . “ We 've been driving for the last couple of months because she actually turned 16 in August , ” he explains . “ It was her fault because she did n't get her permit until February , so you have to wait a year . ”
And like many dads with baby girls , Ludacris admits that he 's “ super protective ” over all of his daughters . However , he 's thankful he has n't had to deal with his teenager dating just yet .
“ Luckily , we have n't gotten that far yet , ” he says . “ So that 's a good thing . ”
At least two people are dead after a shooting at a UPS facility in San Francisco on Wednesday morning , San Francisco Deputy Police Chief Mikail Ali said .
The gunman shot himself , and his condition is unknown , Ali said . Investigators are trying to determine if there are any other casualties .
People in the area are advised to shelter in place until instructed otherwise . Law enforcement is concentrated around the UPS San Francisco Customer Center , a couple of blocks east of Franklin Square .
A woman named Michelle , who did not want to provide her last name , was walking to work across the street from a UPS facility when she saw several UPS employees running down the street . They told her to run because there had been a shooting , she told CNN , explaining she ran about a block with the workers .
“ I was confused . They crossed the street and when they got to me , they said , ‘ Run , there is a shooter , ' so I started to run with them , ” she said . “ Several of them said it was a driver they worked with who had a gun and opened fired . I feel terrible for the people hurt and for the UPS team that was there but survived . ”
Antonio Salic told CNN he was working in a house across from the UPS building when he heard shots fired .
“ I was working and suddenly I heard shots and I peeked out the window , ” he said . “ I saw people getting out ( of the building ) , and they were wounded . A lot of people were running . ”
The construction worker said he also saw people on the roof with their hands up , letting police know they were unarmed .
“ Police approached and they were taken to a safe place , ” he said .
UPS spokesman Kyle Peterson released a statement saying there had been an incident inside the company 's San Francisco facility .
“ Local law enforcement have control of the facility and are conducting an investigation . The company is cooperating with law enforcement . We can not provide information as to the identity of persons involved at this time , pending the police investigation , ” the statement said .
Aerial footage showed police leading dozens of people , many in matching brown work uniforms , out of a building . A tactical vehicle arrived shortly thereafter .
The site of the shooting is the Potrero Hill area , a largely residential neighborhood . The shooting was also not far from a Whole Foods market and the brewery that makes Anchor Steam beer .
Residents have been warned to avoid the area because of heavy law enforcement activity . Authorities say they will hold a briefing soon .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said he does n't think that there 's much the federal government can do to ensure school safety “ other than appropriate funds , ” according to a report by The Lexington Herald-Leader .
In discussing school violence in a speaking engagement with community leaders on Tuesday in Danville , Kentucky , McConnell pushed for more school security as opposed to more gun control legislation , the report said .
“ You would think , given how much it takes to get on an American plane or given how much it takes to get into courthouses , that this might be something that we could achieve , but I do n't think we could do that from Washington , I think it 's basically a local decision , ” said the Kentucky Republican , who is a staunch Second Amendment advocate .
According to the Lexington Herald-Leader , McConnell — who has previously said more can be done at the state and local levels — said at the event that he thinks school security is the most likely way that schools can stop shootings from occurring .
“ It 's a darn shame that 's where we are but this epidemic is something that 's got all of our attention , ” McConnell said of recent school shootings . “ And I know it 's got the attention of every school superintendent in the country . ”
Fred Guttenberg , whose daughter Jamie was murdered in February 's high school shooting in Parkland , Florida , blasted McConnell over his remarks .
“ Senate Majority Mitch McConnell , you are demonstrably wrong . You are either lazy , do not care , or simply evil . You ca n't do anything when you do not try and you have failed , ” he wrote .
Asked to comment on the report , Don Stewart , a spokesman for McConnell , pointed to a measure passed in March as part of a spending package that incentivizes state and federal authorities to report more data to the country 's gun background check system . The bill also provided funding for “ threat assessment and crisis intervention programs ” as well as grants to train students and school personnel to identify threats , Stewart said .
Calls for greater gun control frequently arise in the wake of mass shootings . Following the rampage in Parkland , McConnell called on the Senate to try to make progress on “ bills we agree on. ” However , in March , McConnell pushed gun legislation to the back burner as the Senate turned toward banking legislation . The Senate has n't moved forward on any gun control laws since then .
In the face of federal inaction , several states have turned toward tightening up their gun laws . On Tuesday , Massachusetts became the latest state to implement a “ red flag ” law , a law which allows police , family members and dating partners to request that firearms be temporarily confiscated from someone suspected of posing a risk of harming themselves or someone else .
Josh Brook replied for Moose Jaw ( 39-9-3 ) . Brody Willms stopped 25-of-27 shots in a losing cause .
-- -
RAIDERS 5 BLADES 2
PRINCE ALBERT , Sask . — Parker Kelly scored twice as the Raiders toppled Saskatoon to earn at least a point in their seventh straight outing .
Brett Leason , Curtis Miske and Cole Fonstad also scored for Prince Albert ( 21-20-10 ) , which is 5-0-2 on its current run . Ian Scott made 19 saves for the win .
Logan Christensen and Eric Florchuk found the back of the net for the Blades ( 25-25-3 ) . Nolan Maier kicked out 34-of-39 shots in a losing effort .
-- -
HURRICANES 5 BRONCOS 2
LETHBRIDGE , Alta . — Logan Flodell made 40 saves as the Hurricanes halted Swift Current 's three-game win streak .
Tate Olson , Igor Merezhko , Jordy Bellerive , Keltie Jeri-Leon and Ty Prefontaine supplied the Lethbridge ( 24-21-6 ) offence .
Giorgio Estephan and Glenn Gawdin scored for the Broncos ( 36-13-4 ) . Stuart Skinner turned away 31-of-35 shots in defeat .
-- -
CHIEFS 5 ICE 3
CRANBROOK , B.C . — Kailer Yamamoto had a goal and four assists and Jaret Anderson-Dolan scored once and set up three more as Spokane beat Kootenay .
Ty Smith , Jake McGrew and Luke Toporowski also scored for the Chiefs ( 27-19-5 ) , who got 14 saves from Dawson Weatherill . Spokane 's 5-0-2 in its last seven games .
Peyton Krebs , Martin Bodak and Colton Veloso scored for the Ice ( 23-25-3 ) . Matt Berlin turned away 29-of-33 shots in a losing cause .
-- -
SILVERTIPS 3 ROCKETS 2
KELOWNA , B.C . — Bryce Kindopp scored the winner at 8:32 of the third period as Everett slipped past the Rockets .
Patrick Bajkov and Connor Dewar also scored for the Silvertips ( 33-17-3 ) while Carter Hart kicked out 29 shots for the victory .
Kyle Topping and Carsen Twarynski supplied the goals for Kelowna ( 32-15-4 ) . Brodan Salmond made 24 saves in defeat .
-- -
AMERICANS 6 WINTERHAWKS 3
KENNEWICK , Wash. — Riley Sawchuk scored twice and Patrick Dea made 39 saves as Tri-City doubled up Portland .
Morgan Geekie , Jordan Topping , Sasha Mutala and Isaac Johnson also scored for the Americans ( 27-16-7 ) , who are 5-0-2 in their last seven games .
Reece Newkirk had a pair of goals while Skyler McKenzie also scored for the Winterhawks ( 30-18-4 ) . Cole Kehler made 23 saves in defeat .
-- -
ROYALS 4 TIGERS 3 ( OT )
VICTORIA — Noah Gregor scored 51 seconds into overtime to lift the Royals over Medicine Hat .
Tyler Soy had a goal and two assists while Matthew Phillips and Kade Jensen also scored for Victoria ( 31-18-4 ) . Dean McNabb made 27 saves for the win .
James Hamblin led the Tigers ( 26-21-7 ) with two goals and Kristians Rubins had the other . Jordan Hollett turned aside 25 shots in a losing cause .
-- -
GIANTS 4 HITMEN 2
LANGLEY , B.C . — Bowen Byram and Ty Ronning both scored twice as Vancouver handed Calgary its fourth loss in a row .
Brayden Watts had three assists while Trent Miner kicked out 31 shots for the Giants ( 27-16-8 ) .
Luke Coleman and Tristen Nielsen scored for the Hitmen ( 15-30-6 ) . Nick Schneider turned away 36 shots in defeat .
-- -
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application .
By The Canadian Press
On Wednesday 's “ MSNBC Live , ” Washington Post columnist and MSNBC Contributor Jennifer Rubin stated that if Roe v. Wade is overturned , “ In essence , we go to 50 civil wars in each of the states , plus the District of Columbia . ”
Rubin said , “ The people who brought Donald Trump and delivered him to the White House want this [ the overturn of Roe ] , and I think they will not be disappointed . So then the question is , if they 're not able to withstand this onslaught , not able to hold back a justice that would reverse Roe , what happens ? In essence , we go to 50 civil wars in each of the states , plus the District of Columbia . And here is where I think the Republicans have badly overplayed their hand . There is no , and I mean no significant constituency for doing what they want to do , which is criminalizing abortion and punishing women and/or doctors . Poll after poll , 67 % , 69 % , 70 % of people want to keep Roe . And what that means is , they want to keep a constitutional protection . If that then goes back to the state legislatures , you 're going to see an uproar . And I think if we have n't already seen women mobilize through the # MeToo movement , through the election of Donald Trump , through the separation of children , you are going to see even more women in the streets , on the ballot , and voting to throw people out who do not recognize women 's personal autonomy . ”
( h/t Grabien )
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @ IanHanchett
VATICAN CITY ( CNS ) -- For the first time , the International Olympic Committee has invited a Vatican delegation not only to take part in the opening ceremony of the Winter Games , but also to attend its general meeting as an official observer .
The delegation was to be led by Msgr . Melchor Sanchez de Toca Alameda , undersecretary of the Pontifical Council for Culture and head of its `` Culture and Sport '' section .
The Vatican delegation was invited to attend the opening ceremony at the Olympic Stadium in Pyeongchang , South Korea , Feb. 9 as well as the Olympic committee 's annual session Feb. 5-7 where voting members meet to discuss major issues in the world of sports , reported the Vatican newspaper , L'Osservatore Romano , Feb. 2 .
A Vatican delegation attended the opening of the Summer Olympics in 2016 in Rio de Janeiro , but this was the first time a Vatican delegation was also invited to attend an annual session of the Olympic committee .
Msgr . Sanchez , a former modern pentathlete , told the Vatican newspaper he would present Thomas Bach , president of the IOC , and all Korean Olympic athletes with the official yellow and white jerseys worn by members of the Vatican 's running club `` Athletica Vaticana , '' which -- like its other sports teams -- is made up of employees of Vatican City State and the Holy See .
Athletes from both North Korea and South Korea were to walk together during the opening ceremony and were to carry the Korean `` Unification Flag '' -- a flag designed to represent all of Korea when athletes from the North and South participate as one team in sporting events .
Nearly two dozen North Korean athletes received permission from the IOC to compete in the Winter Games , which take place Feb. 9-25 . While athletes will compete for their respective countries , there will be a unified Korean team at the Olympics for the first time as players from both North and South Korea make up a team in women 's ice hockey .
The Austin City Council voted Thursday on a resolution that condemns displays of Confederate statues , artifacts , and memorabilia . In a three-page document , council members call Austin a “ welcoming city to people of all backgrounds ” where Confederate iconography is “ harmful to the peace and tranquility of the city . ”
The city 's 10-member city council swiftly approved the resolution without any discussion . Only one councilwoman , Ellen Troxclair , voted against it .
advertisement
The resolution directs the city manager to submit a report within 90 days that identifies and develops costs and recommendations for the removal or renaming of Confederate monuments and memorials and other related artifacts located on city-owned properties .
# ATXCouncil has resolved to study options for removing or renaming Confederate monuments and memorials located on City-owned property . — Austin Texas ( @ austintexasgov ) October 5 , 2017
The city council 's resolution asserts that “ memorials and monuments of the Confederacy , far removed from Civil War battlefields , often have little to do with history but are public announcements of racial bigotry erected in the early- to mid-twentieth century during the Civil Rights Movement ” and these commemorations “ preserve the cause of white supremacy… ”
It argues that “ even after the slow and hard-won gains made from the Civil Rights Movement , Americans of African descent are still denied equality by a society that discriminates against them. ” The resolution contends that monuments , streets , schools and other public places named for prominent members of the Confederacy continue as “ glaring symbols of some 's refusal to allow full and equal participation in society by Americans of African ancestry . ”
The document also calls it “ deeply unjust to require Americans of African descent ” to have support the city 's maintenance of “ hateful symbols ” with their tax dollars .
Ultimately , the resolution charges the city manager to report back within three months able to identify all city-owned land , streets and buildings with a Confederate connection plus produce a cost analysis for the removal , replacement , preservation , storage , maintenance , or renaming of any related items .
The Austin City Council resolution echoes Dallas . In mid-August , Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings appointed a 20-person task force to advise city officials on whether or not to remove Confederate monuments in response to the recent Charlottesville , Virginia , protest violence . He charged them with meeting for 90 days to find solutions and then report their findings .
Within days , though , that game plan changed . Rawlings fast-tracked the process and a sudden August 28 city council resolution demanded the city immediately remove , dispose , or relocate all Confederate statues located on Dallas public land , folding in parks and streets with any ties to the Old South . The resolution called for a vote on September 6 and downgraded the task force 's role . In the end , council members approved the removal of an equestrian statue of Robert E. Lee with little input from taxpayers .
This summer , the flagship Austin campus of the University of Texas removed four Confederate statues , including one of General Robert E. Lee , in the middle of the night . Two years ago , UT officials downed a historical bronze sculpture of Confederate States President Jefferson Davis following the tragic church shootings in Charleston , South Carolina . The statue resurfaced this year as part of an educational exhibit on the American South at the Briscoe Center housed on the university 's grounds .
Follow Merrill Hope , a member of the original Breitbart Texas team , on Twitter .
Austin City Council Confederate Monument Resolution October 5 , 2017 by BreitbartTexas on Scribd
April 6 Alza Real Estate SA :
* Says reaches agreement to buy 20.02 percent of its shares from 35 shareholders in exchange of the shares of Urbas Grupo Financiero SA
* Says share value for exchange purposes is set at 1.2061 euro
* Says board does not rule out to propose delisting
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
AFTER WEEKS of screening , training , and activities , six women have been proclaimed as Binibining Pilipinas 2018 queens in the grand coronation held at the Smart Araneta Coliseum on March 18 .
Catriona Gray , a 24-year-old professional model and musician from Albay was named Miss Universe Philippines . She impressed the judges with her message to the women of war-torn Marawi . Rachel Peters , who finished in the top 10 of the Miss Universe 2017 pageant , crowned Ms. Gray .
Ma . Ahtisa Manalo , one of the youngest contestants in this batch and a fresh accountancy graduate from Candelaria , Quezon , emerged as Binibining Pilipinas International . Mariel de Leon , who has a budding showbiz career , passed her crown to Ms. Manalo .
The third time proved to be the charm for Jehza Mae Huelar , 23 , from Davao City as she bagged the Binibining Pilipinas Supranational title . This was the third time she joined the pageant . Chanel Olive Thomas , who finished in the Top 10 of the Miss Supranation pageant , crowned Ms. Huelar .
Registered nurse and law student Eva Psychee Patalinjug from Cebu was adjudged Binibining Pilipinas Grand International . Elizabeth Clenci , who emerged as the 2nd runner-up in Miss Grand International , passed her crown to Ms. Patalinjug .
Karen Gallman , a 25-year-old native of Bohol who worked as an analyst in London , was named Binibining Pilipinas Intercontinental . Katarina Rodriguez , who came close to bringing the country 's first Miss Intercontinental crown , passed her crown on to Ms. Gallman .
Professional volleyball player Michele Gumabao , 25 , from Quezon City was named Binibining Pilipinas Globe . Nelda Ibe , who was named Miss Globe 1st runner-up , crowned Ms. Gumabao .
Actress Vickie Rushton emerged as the 1st runner-up at the Binibining Pilipinas pageant , while competitive dancer Samantha Bernardo was named 2nd runner-up .
These lucky and lovely ladies , armed with beauty and wit , hope to live up to the Philippines ' reputation as a powerhouse in international pageants .
Pia Wurtzbach , the Philippines ' 3rd Miss Universe having won the title in 2015 , hosted the ceremony with actor Richard Gutierrez .
The pageant paid homage to Filipino artistry , particularly designer Pitoy Moreno , a former member of the Binibinig Pilipinas Charities , Inc. executive committee , who passed away on Jan. 15 .
Ms. Gray dominated the special awards , winning Best in Long Gown , Best in Swimwear , Pitoy Moreno Best in National Costume , Jag Denim Queen , and Miss Ever Bilena .
Ms. Gumabao , on the other hand , was named Binibining Cream Silk , while Eva Patalinjug was named Face of Binibini . Muriel Orais was awarded Binibining Philippine Airlines , while Samantha Bernardo was voted Manila Bulletin Reader 's Choice Award winner .
Semifinalist Shane Tormes was awarded Binibining Friendship and Binibining Best in Talent .
TEL AVIV – Palestinian Authority chairman Mahmoud Abbas blamed his most recent hospitalization on President Donald Trump 's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel 's capital and the subsequent opening of the U.S. embassy there earlier this month .
“ The health of the state is good , we will achieve our goal , which is an independent state with Jerusalem as its capital , ” Abbas said after being released from a nine-day stint at the hospital . “ If the story of Jerusalem put me in the hospital , then I leave and say that Jerusalem is the capital of Palestine . ”
“ Thank God I 'm discharged from the hospital today in full health , and will return back to work from tomorrow , ” Abbas said .
Trump 's Jerusalem declaration was met with widespread condemnation from the Palestinians , as well as the Arab and Muslim world at large . Abbas suspended all ties with the Trump administration after the move , and said that the decision showed the U.S. is not an impartial broker for peace .
Abbas , 83 , has been hospitalized several times in recent years . Palestinian officials said the latest was due to pneumonia . The extended stay led to speculation that Abbas ' condition was worsening , and gave rise to concerns that he has appointed no successor . Abbas was elected to a four-year term in 2005 , but has remained in office nine years after his term expired and has not held elections since . Jibril Rajoub , a former security chief widely considered to be a possible successor for the presidency , slammed the rumors . “ Some are using the president 's illness for political gain . Shame on them , ” he said . In order to dispel the rumors , photos of Abbas walking around the hospital looking relatively healthy were published in Palestinian media outlets . # BREAKING : First picture of PA Abbas in Hospital , several days after he was admitted with reports he had high fever pic.twitter.com/ui6w4vKiEY — Amichai Stein ( @ AmichaiStein1 ) May 21 , 2018 In one picture , Abbas is seen perusing an Arabic-language paper with an anti-Israel cartoon on the back page . The cartoon features an Israeli soldier force-feeding poisoned milk to a baby . The cartoon 's publication coincided with the death of a Gazan baby during the violent riots on the border , which Palestinians said was due to Israeli tear gas . Gaza 's Hamas-run health ministry later admitted that the child had a preexisting heart condition that was probably the cause of death .
Abbas and the anti-Israel cartoon . Photo Credit : Twitter screenshot
March 30 At & T Inc :
* Selected by FirstNet to build and manage America 's first nationwide public safety broadband network dedicated to first responders
* FirstNet will provide 20 MHz of high-value , telecommunications spectrum and success-based payments of $ 6.5 billion over next five years
* Network buildout will begin later this year
* AT & T will spend about $ 40 billion over life of contract to build , deploy , operate and maintain network
* Agreement between FirstNet and AT & T is for 25 years Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
By Vera M. Kutzinsk
Langston Hughes , whom Carl Van Vechten memorably called “ the Poet Laureate of the Negro race , ” was born on 1 February 1902 in Joplin , Missouri ; he died in New York City on 22 May 1967 . This year , then , we celebrate Hughes ‘ birthday at the beginning of what is now Black History Month , and we honor the fiftieth anniversary of his untimely passing . Remembering Hughes will no doubt lead to more books , articles , and conferences , which is as it should be . This work will be added to what has already been written about Hughes , much of it based on the Langston Hughes Papers at the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale .
Given these riches , one would imagine that there is little left to discover about Hughes . And yet , new material—new to us now—still surfaces from time to time . The story I would like to share here , however briefly , has to do with one such unexpected surfacing . It speaks loudly to the international reputation Langston Hughes enjoyed for most of his life , something we tend to forget here at home .
On 20 October 2016 , I received an email from Nora Galer , one of Julio Galer 's three children , who , it turns out had been living in New York City for the past twenty-five years . She told me that she has in her possession all the letters her father , who passed in 2006 , had kept from his long correspondence with Langston Hughes . If you do n't know who Julio Galer is , you 're not alone , and that is the point of recounting this story .
Born in Argentina , Julio Galer was one of Hughes 's many literary translators , and , as we well know , translators tend to be rather invisible . They certainly have not exactly received the attention they deserve . Galer stands out among those who translated Hughes 's writings into many languages because his interest in Hughes 's work was much more than a passing fancy . Starting in the later 1940s , Julio Galer worked tirelessly on his Spanish translations of Hughes 's autobiographical writings , fiction , plays , and of course poetry . In 1956 , he published a hefty collection of his versions of Hughes 's poems in Buenos Aires . Throughout all this , Galer and Hughes corresponded for almost twenty years , from 1948 to 1966 .
I was familiar with Galer 's translations and had written about them in The Worlds of Langston Hughes ( 2012 ) , but I had no idea about the extent of his correspondence with Hughes . All I knew at the time was that he had sent Hughes a copy of his book , Poemas de Langston Hughes , which I had found at Beinecke Library , along with the Spanish versions of Mulatto , Laughing to keep from Crying , and I Wonder as I Wander .
It was n't until I flew up to New York City barely two weeks after Nora Galer 's email , talked with her at length , and perused her father 's papers , that I began to appreciate how much of a serious commitment Julio Galer 's Hughes translations had been from the very start . “ You see , Mr. Hughes , ” the twenty-three-old Galer writes in his first letter from April 1948 , “ I do not undertake this heavy task just for commercial purposes , I do not make my living translating but teaching . But I want to put at the disposal of the Spanish speaking public your wonderful poetic production.… In my opinion the translator is like the apostle , because , like him , his mission is to spread the holy word , in this case the holy word of beauty and knowledge . ”
Continue onto Oxford Univeristy 's Press Blog to read the complete article .
Recent news :
Enstar continues legacy push with $ 1.2bn RSA deal
Catrin Shi and Adam McNestrie 15 February 2017
Enstar has agreed yet another $ 1bn+ legacy deal as it continues a multi-billion dollar acquisition drive that has spanned more than 12 months .
The carrier announced last week ( 8 February ) that it had struck an agreement with RSA to reinsure a legacy UK employers ' liability ( EL ) book with gross reserves of £957mn ( $ 1.2bn ) .
The announcement ended a long and convoluted auction .
The legacy market had long known that RSA was looking to bring its UK back book to finality . The ...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article , then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
The Boylesports Champion Chase is the feature on day one of the Punchestown National Hunt Racing Festival , where Gordon Elliott and Willie Mullins will do battle for the title of champion trainer over the next 5 days .
Irish and English Grand National winning trainer Elliott has a lead of over half a million in prizemoney over Mullins as he bids to be champion trainer for the first time .
Mullins overturned a huge deficit 12 months ago and he 's hoping to do the same again :
`` We 'll have to see what happens a lot of things will have to go my way for me to get up to him , then we have to go better to get past him this season . It could be Gordon 's year this year .
`` I 'd rather if there was n't any challenge but we have a challenge and defintely we 're going to be up for it . ''
CHAMPIONS CHASE 18:05 ( DOUVAN IS JOHN 'S PICK FOR THE BIG ONE )
Douvan will face nine rivals as he bids to atone for a fall at Cheltenham in the BoyleSports Champion Chase at Punchestown on Tuesday .
Douvan one of four runners for Willie Mullins ( also Min , Ballycasey , Un De Sceaux )
Gordon Elliott has Toi Phil , Doctor Phoenix , Tell Us More and The Game Changer
John Duggan 's tips for day one of Punchestown :
4:55 - Golden Spear e/w 12/1
5:30 - Douvan EVS
6:40 - Monalee - 15/8 Fav
Father Cleared Of Murdering Two Year Old Daughter After Seven Year Old Son Confesses
FORT WORTH , Texas ( AP ) _ A capital murder charge has been dismissed against a North Texas man in the death of his 2-year-old daughter , after prosecutors learned her then-5-year-old brother said he caused her death .
Anthony Michael Sanders was accused of smothering his daughter , Ellie Mae , at their home in the Fort Worth suburb of Watauga in 2015 . Investigators believed Sanders held his hand over her mouth out of anger for her interrupting his computer games .
Jailed since April 2016 , Sanders denied responsibility . He said he found his daughter not breathing after his son reported she would n't wake up .
The Fort Worth Star-Telegram reports prosecutors recently learned the boy told his mother he was responsible . Investigators say the boy cried as he told them he accidentally rolled a heavy pillow onto his sister 's face while they played and it was too heavy for him to move .
So it was unfortunate that Cardinal Pietro Parolin , the Secretary of State of the Holy See , recently described Amoris Laetitia , Pope Francis 's apostolic exhortation on marriage and the family , as a `` paradigm shift . ''
George
Weigel
Ever since Thomas Kuhn popularized it with his 1962 book , `` The Structure of Scientific Revolutions , '' the notion of a `` paradigm shift '' has led to fascinating arguments about whether this or that break with previous scientific understanding counted as one . But that a `` paradigm shift '' -- like the `` shift '' from Sir Isaac Newton 's cosmology to Albert Einstein 's , or the shift from the miasma theory of disease to the germ theory of disease -- is a rupture in continuity is not in much dispute . A `` paradigm shift '' signals a dramatic , sudden , and unexpected break in human understanding -- and thus something of a new beginning .
So are there `` paradigm shifts '' in the Church ?
We seem to have biblical evidence for one in the first chapter of the Letter to the Galatians , where St. Paul describes , very telegraphically , how he came to grasp an astonishing truth : that the salvation promised to the People of Israel in the covenants with Abraham and Moses had been extended to the Gentiles . Some might find another `` paradigm shift '' in the first chapter of John 's Gospel , in which Jesus of Nazareth is identified as the `` Word '' who `` was in the beginning with God . ''
These are matters of divine revelation , however , and as the Church has long believed and taught , revelation ended with the death of the last apostle . So the evolution of the Church 's understanding of the Gospel over the centuries is not a matter of `` paradigm shifts , '' or ruptures , or radical breaks and new beginnings ; it 's a question of what theologians call the development of doctrine . And as Blessed John Henry Newman taught us , authentic doctrinal development is organic and in continuity with `` the faith once ... delivered to the saints '' ( Jude 1.3 ) . The Catholic Church does n't do rupture : that was tried 500 years ago , with catastrophic results for Christian unity and the cause of Christ .
So it was unfortunate that Cardinal Pietro Parolin , the Secretary of State of the Holy See , recently described `` Amoris Laetitia , '' Pope Francis 's apostolic exhortation on marriage and the family , as a `` paradigm shift . ''
Perhaps Cardinal Parolin meant `` paradigm shift '' in some other sense than Thomas Kuhn 's ( although Kuhn 's notion of paradigm-shift-as-rupture is the common understanding of the term ) . Perhaps the cardinal was suggesting that Amoris Laetitia asked all the people of the Church to treat those who have not been married in the Church but who wish to be part of the Catholic community with greater sensitivity and charity ( a worthy proposal , although compassion is the norm in the situations with which I 'm most familiar ) . But whatever he may have intended , the cardinal can not have meant that Amoris Laetitia is a `` paradigm shift '' in the sense of a radical break with previous Catholic understandings . For the Catholic Church does n't do `` paradigm shifts '' in that sense of the term , and the Pope himself has insisted that Amoris Laetitia does not propose a rupture with the Church 's settled doctrines on the indissolubility of marriage and worthiness to receive Holy Communion .
Where something similar to a Kuhn-type `` paradigm shift '' is underway , however , is in the reception of Amoris Laetitia in various local churches -- and this is ominous . The pastoral implementation of Amoris Laetitia mandated in Malta , Germany , and San Diego is quite different than what has been mandated in Poland , Phoenix , Philadelphia , Portsmouth , England , and Edmonton , Alberta . Because of that , the Catholic Church is beginning to resemble the Anglican Communion ( itself the product of a traumatic `` paradigm shift '' that cost John Fisher and Thomas More their heads ) . For in the Anglican Communion , what is believed and celebrated and practiced in England is quite different from what is believed , celebrated , and practiced in Nigeria or Uganda .
This fragmentation is not Catholic . Catholicism means one Lord , one faith , one baptism , and unity is one of the four distinctive marks of the Church . That unity means that the Church embodies the principle of non-contradiction , such that a grave sin on the Polish side of the Oder River ca n't be a source of grace on the German side of the border .
Something is broken in Catholicism today and it is n't going to be healed by appeals to paradigm shifts . In the first Christian centuries , bishops frankly confronted and , when necessary , fraternally corrected each other . That practice is as essential today as it was in the days of Cyprian and Augustine -- not to mention Peter and Paul .
George Weigel is Distinguished Senior Fellow of the Ethics and Public Policy Center in Washington , D.C .
Comments
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea 's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS , June 15 South Korea 's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F ' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel , said Fleur Pellerin , founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital .
× Icy paths , roads force closure of Northwest Trek Wildlife Park for day
EATONVILLE , Wash. — Northwest Trek Wildlife Park announced it was closed Monday due to ice on pathways and roads .
The wildlife park had been scheduled for a special opening for the official observance of the New Year 's Day holiday .
BELGRADE Serbia and the United States agreed to step up efforts to bolster regional security including joint military and police training drills , Serbian Prime Minister and President-elect Aleksandar Vucic said on Monday .
Serbia is maintaining a balancing act between the West and Russia , its traditional Orthodox Christian and Slavic ally .
Although it wants to join the European Union , Belgrade has adamantly refused to join NATO which bombed it in 1999 during the war in Kosovo . In 2008 , with the U.S. backing , Kosovo declared independence .
After meeting Republican Senator John McCain , who also chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee , Vucic told reporters that the two sides will have `` six or seven '' joint training drills this year .
During his one-day visit to Serbia , McCain attended a training between country 's elite SAJ police unit , a detachment of the U.S. Special Operations Command and a military unit from Slovenia , a ex-Yugoslav republic and now NATO member .
`` I am sure Mosul and Raqqa will fall , '' McCain told a news conference speaking through an interpeter , referring to two Islamic State strongholds in Iraq and Syria . `` Many people ( seeking to do violence ) may ( then ) come to Europe and the U.S. ... therefore joint drills are important , '' McCain said .
Vucic said the two also discussed regional stability , including talks between Serbia and Kosovo on normalising relations , and the political crises in ethnically divided Macedonia and Bosnia .
In 2016 , Serbia conducted 206 joint military activities with the United States and NATO , and 17 with Russia . It will later this year participates in a training drill in Kazkhstan staged by the Russia-controlled Collective Security Treaty Organization .
( Reporting by Aleksandar Vasovic ; Editing by Jermey Gaunt )
The U.S. military has ruled out enemy contact as the cause of the recent deaths of two American service members and injury of five others while they were participating in the U.S.-led offensive against the Islamic State ( ISIS/ISIL ) in Iraq Sunday .
“ Initial reports indicate the incident was not due to enemy contact , ” notes the U.S. military in a statement .
advertisement
Nevertheless , the United States armed forces did acknowledge that the American casualties took place during “ combat operations in northern Iraq ” on Sunday .
The American troops involved in the incident , which the military has said is under investigation , were part of the U.S.-led coalition that has been combating the Islamic State ( ISIS/ISIL ) in Iraq since 2014 .
U.S. officials have not officially released information about the identities of the Americans who were killed and injured .
American Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend , commander of the U.S.-led coalition fighting ISIS , paid his respects to the family of the troops , saying :
The entire counter-ISIS Coalition sends our deepest condolences to these heroes ' families , friends , and teammates . There are no words to describe the respect I have for you and sorrow I have for your loss . I hope there is some small solace in knowing their loss has meaning for our country and all the nations of the Coalition as the fallen service members were fighting to defeat a truly evil enemy and to protect our homelands .
An estimated 5,000 U.S. troop are believed to be participating in Iraq-based operations against ISIS .
“ A month after Iraq 's Prime Minister Haider Al Abadi declared victory over ISIS in Mosul , the coalition continues to aid the Iraqi armed forces fight against ISIS in other towns throughout the country , ” notes CNN . “ Within Iraq , the coalition 's main focus is to liberate the towns of Tal Afar , Hawija and the town of Al Qaim in the Euphrates River valley . The coalition is also working to liberate Raqqa , ISIS ' de-facto capital in Syria . ”
ISIS still controls about 20 percent of the territory ( 35,000 square miles ) it held at its peak at the beginning of 2015 .
According to a tally by the Pentagon , there have been at least 42 U.S. fatalities linked to Operation Inherent Resolve ( OIR ) , the name of the ongoing American offensive against ISIS in the Middle East .
Of the 42 American casualties , which likely does not include the recent deaths in Iraq , terrorists have killed the majority ( 28 ) in combat . Jihadists have also killed at least two American civilians affiliated with OIR .
Moreover , there have been at least 208 injury incidents involving U.S. troops fighting ISIS under Operation Inherent Resolve .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
April 5 RVH Inc :
* Says its top shareholder G.P Holding Co Ltd lowers stake in co to 8.58 percent from 16 percent , on March 31
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/cIgiwq
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
April 5 Neptune Technologies & Bioressources Inc
* Neptune enters into commercial distribution joint venture in China with Shanghai Chonghe Marine Industry Co Ltd
* Neptune Technologies & Bioressources Inc - shipments of krill oil under joint venture are projected to start in Q1 ending June 30 , 2017
* Neptune Technologies & Bioressources Inc - under agreement , Neptune will own a 30 pct interest in joint venture while CMI/Sunline fishery will hold 70 pct Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
ATHENS May 2 Greece agreed with its lenders to sell coal-fired plants and coal mines equal to about 40 percent of its dominant power utility Public Power Corp 's capacity , a government source said on Tuesday .
The agreement is part of a reform deal Greece and its foreign creditors reached early on Tuesday , paving the way for the disbursement of further rescue funds under the country 's third international bailout .
Greece will hold a market test to sound out investors interested in buying coal-fired plants and mines owned by Public Power by November , aiming to wrap up the sale by June 2018 , a government official told Reuters on condition of anonymity .
PPC is 51 percent-owned by the state .
The lenders and Greece also agreed that Athens will relaunch the sale of a 66 percent stake in its natural gas grid operator DESFA and conclude it by the end of the year . ( Reporting by Angeliki Koutantou Editing by Jeremy Gaunt )
Defense lawyer : Prosecutor tried to coach false testimony
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-4 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 4 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Rogelio V. Solis , AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Files - In this Sunday , Oct. 15 , 2017 , file photo , Panola County District Attorney John Champion holds an enlargement of a selfie taken by the late Jessica Chambers , as he presents his closing arguments to the jury , in Batesville , Miss. , in the capital murder case against Quinton Tellis . In a motion filed Monday , July 2 , 2018 , a defense attorney for Tellis alleges that Champion sought false testimony from an unrelated defendant in exchange for leniency , and asks that he be thrown off the case and punished , and that a September retrial be delayed while the state attorney general 's office takes over the prosecution . less FILE - In this Sunday , Oct. 15 , 2017 , file photo , Panola County District Attorney John Champion holds an enlargement of a selfie taken by the late Jessica Chambers , as he presents his closing arguments to the ... more Photo : Rogelio V. Solis , AP Image 2 of 4 Files - In this Monday , Oct. 16 , 2017 , file photo , defense attorneys Alton Peterson , left , and Darla Palmer , right , consult with their client Quinton Tellis , center , who is charged with burning 19-year-old Jessica Chambers to death almost three years earlier , while the jury deliberates in his capital murder trial , in Batesville , Miss . In a motion filed Monday , July 2 , 2018 , Palmer alleges that Panola County District Attorney John Champion sought false testimony from an unrelated defendant in exchange for leniency , and asks that he be thrown off the case and punished , and that a September retrial be delayed while the state attorney general 's office takes over the prosecution . less FILE - In this Monday , Oct. 16 , 2017 , file photo , defense attorneys Alton Peterson , left , and Darla Palmer , right , consult with their client Quinton Tellis , center , who is charged with burning 19-year-old ... more Photo : Rogelio V. Solis , AP Image 3 of 4 Files - In this Tuesday , Oct. 10 , 2017 , file photo , Circuit Judge Gerald Chatham listens in his Batesville , Miss. , courtroom , as Panola County District Attorney John Champion presents his opening arguments in the capital murder trial of Quinton Tellis , who is charged with burning 19-year-old Jessica Chambers to death almost three years earlier . Chatham is scheduled to hear arguments on a motion filed Monday , July 2 , 2018 , by a defense attorney for Tellis , alleging that Champion sought false testimony from an unrelated defendant in exchange for leniency . The attorney asks that Champion be thrown off the case and punished , and that a September retrial be delayed while the state attorney general 's office takes over the prosecution . less FILE - In this Tuesday , Oct. 10 , 2017 , file photo , Circuit Judge Gerald Chatham listens in his Batesville , Miss. , courtroom , as Panola County District Attorney John Champion presents his opening arguments in ... more Photo : Rogelio V. Solis , AP Image 4 of 4 Defense lawyer : Prosecutor tried to coach false testimony 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
JACKSON , Miss . ( AP ) — The defense attorney for a man charged with killing a Mississippi woman by setting her on fire says a district attorney sought false testimony from an unrelated defendant in exchange for leniency .
In a motion filed Monday , the lawyer for Quinton Tellis asked that Panola County District Attorney John Champion be thrown off the case and punished , and that a September retrial be delayed while the state attorney general 's office takes over the prosecution .
Tellis is accused of killing 19-year-old Jessica Chambers in 2014 .
Panola County Circuit Judge Gerald Chatham is scheduled to hear arguments Monday on the motion in Sardis .
`` I ca n't discuss the motion , '' Champion wrote to The Associated Press in a text message Tuesday . `` Court is Monday , when all of the facts come out . ''
Tellis ' first trial ended in October in a hung jury . Attorney Darla Palmer alleges in papers filed Thursday that Champion met with another of her clients , Jalen Asir Matthews Caudle , without her permission in April . Palmer told The Associated Press Tuesday that Caudle met Tellis when both were jailed together in DeSoto County and that Caudle became her client after Tellis referred him .
In a sworn statement , the 19-year-old Caudle said that Champion tried to `` guide '' him into saying Quinton Tellis had told him that Chambers had called Tellis `` Eric . ''
`` It 's clear to me these are violations of what our rules are and just in terms of what a lawyer should stand for in terms of honesty and integrity and justice , '' Palmer said of Champion 's actions .
Prosecutors say Tellis set Chambers and her car on fire on a rural back road near Courtland on the night of Dec. 6 , 2014 . Firefighters and law enforcement officers testified at the first trial that they heard Chambers say `` Eric '' or `` Derek '' attacked her , although prosecutors presented testimony that Chambers was so burned that she would have been unable to properly pronounce words . Champion said other evidence led to Tellis , but the defendant 's lawyers made Chambers ' words the center of their case .
`` 'Eric ' is not on trial today , but ladies and gentlemen , he should be , '' Palmer told the jury in closing arguments .
Caudle , a Horn Lake resident , was indicted on capital murder , conspiracy to commit armed robbery and gang charges in relation to a March 2017 shooting in Southaven . He was one of five people initially charged .
Caudle said he was brought to meet with Champion at the DeSoto County jail on April 5 and that Champion stated that he could `` drop your charges a lot , a whole lot , something to where you can get home a lot sooner '' and then asked Caudle `` Is there anything you want to tell me about Quinton 's case ? ''
Later , Caudle said Champion said `` Jalen , what about this . Quinton 's nickname was Eric , right ? ''
Caudle said he did n't know , but said Champion continued to try to `` guide me into saying stuff , '' saying `` OK , let me help you out . Quinton told you that Jessica called him Eric , right ? ''
Caudle also said Champion urged him to drop Palmer as his attorney . `` I know a public defender , '' Caudle recounted that Champion said . `` He is a friend of mine . If you help me , then I promise I wo n't send you away for life . ''
Chambers was found walking on the road looking like a `` zombie , '' according to trial testimony . She had third-degree burns on more than 90 percent of her body when she died at a hospital in Memphis , Tennessee , about 60 miles ( 95 kilometers ) north of Courtland . The horrific circumstances surrounding Chambers ' death garnered national attention .
Champion said investigators searched for people named Eric or Derek , but ultimately concluded the evidence led to Tellis , including an analysis of the locations of Tellis ' cellphone and Chambers ' cellphone on the day of her death . Tellis has told investigators he does not know who killed Chambers , and denies prosecutors ' claims that he had sex with her . He admitted after first denying it that they were together for a time on the evening of her death .
Tellis faces another murder indictment in Louisiana , where he 's accused in the torture death of Meing-Chen Hsiao , a 34-year-old Taiwanese graduate student at the University of Louisiana at Monroe .
___
Follow Jeff Amy on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/jeffamy . Read his work at https : //www.apnews.com/search/By % 20Jeff % 20Amy .
Medical marijuana to face tough battle in conservative Utah
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Rick Bowmer , AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 In this Tuesday , May 8 , 2018 , photo , Willow Hennessy sits on the wheelchair of her adopted brother Hestevan , who has cerebral palsy and suffers from chronic nerve pain , during a news conference at the Utah State Capitol , in Salt Lake City , as supporters of a medical-marijuana ballot initiative fend off opponents ' increasing efforts to keep them off the ballot . Medical marijuana backers in Utah are gearing up for an intense battle that could test the nationwide trend in support of medicinal pot . Their initiative appears headed to the November ballot after opponents on Monday , July 2 , 2018 , withdrew their court challenge that had been the last legal barrier . less In this Tuesday , May 8 , 2018 , photo , Willow Hennessy sits on the wheelchair of her adopted brother Hestevan , who has cerebral palsy and suffers from chronic nerve pain , during a news conference at the Utah ... more Photo : Rick Bowmer , AP Image 2 of 3 Files - In this June 26 , 2017 , file photo , Davis Cromar , center , holds his son Holden , 10 , who suffers from epilepsy , while standing with other patients , caregivers and supporters during the Utah Patients Coalition news conference , in Salt Lake City . Medical marijuana backers in Utah are gearing up for an intense battle that could test the nationwide trend in support of medicinal pot . Their initiative appears headed to the November ballot after opponents on Monday , July 2 , 2018 , withdrew their court challenge that had been the last legal barrier . less FILE - In this June 26 , 2017 , file photo , Davis Cromar , center , holds his son Holden , 10 , who suffers from epilepsy , while standing with other patients , caregivers and supporters during the Utah Patients ... more Photo : Rick Bowmer , AP Image 3 of 3 Medical marijuana to face tough battle in conservative Utah 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
SALT LAKE CITY ( AP ) — Medical marijuana backers in Utah are gearing up for an intense battle that could test the nationwide trend in support of medicinal pot .
Even as support for medical cannabis has taken hold across the country — including in deeply conservative states like Oklahoma and Arkansas — the obstacles in Utah are steep .
Supporters will be facing opposition from Republican leaders who enjoy overwhelming political majorities as well as from The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .
The initiative appears headed to the November ballot after opponents on Monday withdrew their court challenge , which had been the last legal barrier . Opponents could still refile a challenge .
Polling has shown relatively strong support for the initiative , although it 's weakened in recent months . Public opinion could degrade further if opponents can magnify their criticism before November .
David Magleby , a political science professor at Brigham Young University , gave the measure 50-50 odds of passing .
`` This is a Republican state , a conservative state and a moderate Republican governor and a very conservative Republican legislature are opposed to it , '' he said . `` And then there 's the LDS church that 's involved . For some people I think that position is going to be definitive . ''
Magleby said the church 's involvement on medical marijuana has been more intense than on any other political issue in its home state in the last two decades .
Nationwide , 31 states and the District of Columbia allow medical marijuana . Oklahoma voters approved a measure on medicinal cannabis last week .
In Utah , supporters are planning to convince voters by focusing on how they 've narrowly tailored their proposal . People with medical approval could n't smoke marijuana if the initiative passed , but instead would be limited to edible forms such as candy , topical forms like lotions or balms and oil in electronic cigarettes .
`` The idea that it 's not smoked is a very Utah thing , '' said DJ Schanz , the director of the Utah Patients Coalition which is campaigning for the initiative . `` That 's something that Utahns have a high aversion to ; not so much the rest of the country . ''
To sell the plan , Schanz said campaigners will highlight individual stories of patients who 'd benefit from marijuana treatment , including members of the LDS church .
Mormon support will be critical in Utah , where roughly two-thirds of the population is a member of the socially conservative church .
Twice this year , the church has released statements worrying about the impact of the initiative . In May , its statement was attached to a seven-page legal memorandum compiled by an outside firm outlining the `` serious adverse consequences '' if the initiative were approved .
A church spokesman did not respond to an inquiry about its plans Tuesday .
Opponents say the initiative is a loophole-ridden step toward legalization of recreational marijuana .
`` Anybody who believed that this wo n't lead to much wider abuse of marijuana is just not dealing with reality , '' said Blake Ostler , an attorney working with opponents of the initiative .
Gov . Gary Herbert , a Republican , has said he 's not opposed to the notion of medical marijuana generally but is against the initiative as written . He says it does n't allow room for proper study and would put the state at odds with federal law 's prohibition on marijuana .
Lawmakers in the GOP-controlled Legislature this year approved use of medical marijuana for terminally ill patients with six months to live , but advocates say that 's too narrow to be practical .
State officials have said the timeframe envisioned by the initiative is too fast for them to implement if passed .
Schanz dismissed those concerns .
`` Luckily , there have been 30 other states that have implemented programs , '' he said . `` They do n't have to reinvent the wheel on any of this . ''
Life is returning to normal in the Stone County school district after a morning of high drama and tension .
March 31 Omnijoi Media Corp :
* To use undistributed profits to pay a cash dividend of 1 yuan ( pre-tax ) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2 new shares for every 10 shares
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/SqLxTX
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Planet Eater rocked the 2017 Armstrong MetalFest stage . Organizers are gearing up for the 10th Armstrong MetalFest , which runs July 13-14 at Hassen Memorial Arena . ( Parker Crook/Morning Star )
It 's come a long way from its backyard bash roots .
Now in its 10th year , Armstrong MetalFest is bigger than ever as West Metal Entertainment Society , the not-for-profit created to organize the festival and other heavy metal happenings in the North Okanagan , gears up for the festival set to rock Armstrong 's Hassen Memorial Arena July 13-14 .
Jesse Valstar , festival co-founder , is stoked that Armstrong MetalFest has seen the exponential growth it has over the past decade .
Related : Celebrating heavy metal culture
“ I was a fairly ambitious 19-year-old and 10 years kind of flew by , ” Valstar laughed . “ We 've had a lot of different events that have shaped the festival in different ways . We 've had all sorts of bumps along the road to help make the crew a well-oiled unit . ”
Armstrong MetalFest started when Valstar and friends decided to throw a private backyard party .
“ We nailed it down . The first year was a raging success , ” said Valstar , who was in charge of booking talent . “ In year two , attendance doubled . It was frightening for a couple 20-year-old kids , ” Valstar laughed . “ It went full Project X . ”
The lads decided that they no longer desired to utilize their parent 's backyard for the bash and upgraded to the Hassen Memorial Arena for the festival 's third instalment . And , for the past seven years , attendance has been on a steady incline . Valstar credits that spike to the devotion found within both the heavy metal community in western Canada and his hometown of Armstrong .
“ I remember looking at the price tag of the festival , losing hair and going white , ” Valstar said .
However , Armstrong MetalFest has always at least managed to break even .
“ Our community has n't let us down , ” said Valstar , who recently returned from promoting the festival at Metalocalypstick in Lone Butte , B.C .
At the core of Armstrong MetalFest is quality metal acts from across the continent that come to the North Okanagan to rock the arena .
Related : MetalFest headbanging headliners announced
“ We have Sarah Longfield — she 's a Youtube sensation gone metal act . She 's going to be very interesting , ” Valstar said .
Also gracing the stage are Quebec death metal phenoms Kataklysm and Vancouver Juno-nominated technical death metal fame Archspire .
Related : Death metal blows tweed curtain wide open with Juno nomination
“ The lineup is heavy . It 's quite diverse , ” Valstar said . “ Balance has been our No . 1 thing . ”
Valstar , a self-proclaimed numbers man , said that organizers use a proportional representation-based algorithm for determining the number of bands from each location as well as the ratio of bands per genre , with sub-genres like brutal death metal falling under the primary death metal umbrella . Categories include technical metal , death metal , doom and sludge metal , alternative metal , black metal and more .
“ We have a ton of guys that work on this all year , ” Valstar said of West Metal Entertainment 's lineup algorithm .
While it originated as a society in tandem with Armstrong MetalFest , West Metal Entertainment has grown to provide metal bands with the opportunity to get on a multitude of stages in the North Okanagan .
This year , the Society was also able to give a scholarship to the tune of $ 500 to a Pleasant Valley Secondary School graduate . Scholarship candidates were required to write a letter about how music of any genre has impacted their lives .
“ This is the first year we 've ever done it . We kept it as broad as possible because we do n't know how to do this , ” Valstar laughed . “ ( It was ) in the name of heavy metal , funded by heavy metal . ”
The scholarship has been on West Metal Entertainment 's radar for several years . However , Valstar said they decided to make it a priority this year .
As the festival continues to grow , he hopes that the scholarships will follow suit .
“ I 'd like to see the festival continue to grow at the rate it is . I 'd like to see it go on for a very long time , ” Valstar said . “ One of my favourite parts is hearing about how people meet their fiance , husband or wife at the festival . It brings a bunch of like-minded people together . ”
For Valstar , building that community is what the festival is all about .
“ The No . 1 thing is it 's not that you attend our festival , it 's that you attend a festival and get out there and support the community , ” Valstar said . “ They require people at the event to keep going . Just get out there and support local . ”
When organizers pour everything into their festival , Valstar said that community support makes it all worthwhile .
“ I do n't think I know how to stop , ” Valstar said . “ I think I 'd be lost . ”
Advance weekend passes are $ 125 , walk up rate is $ 165 . All tickets include tent camping . Guests are welcome to sleep in their vehicles , RV or trailer . Reserve RV spots online to guarantee a spot that includes water and power hookups . For more information and tickets , visit armstrongmetalfest.ca .
@ VernonNews
parker.crook @ vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON , June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week 's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon , she said on Wednesday .
NAIROBI ( Reuters ) - Former U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan told political leaders in Kenya on Saturday to be `` careful with their rhetoric and actions '' and urged opposition leader Raila Odinga to pursue any complaints over the vote in court .
The warning from Annan , who mediated during a post-election crisis a decade ago , came as the death toll from violence since Tuesday 's vote rose to at least 24 .
Odinga 's coalition has rejected the results , claiming massive fraud , and said it will not go to court to challenge them .
The NRA 's charitable arm is calling the maker of a premium brand of cooler “ unsportsmanlike ” after the manufacturer ended a discount program . That 's per a letter from NRA Foundation lobbyist Marion Hammer , who was the NRA 's first female president and says Yeti “ should be ashamed , ” USA Today reports .
In a statement , Yeti took issue with the NRA 's characterization , saying Hammer 's letter is “ inaccurate ” and that it 's simply halting some “ outdated discounting programs ” and setting up an “ alternate customization program . ”
Yeti—which sells coolers that can go for up to $ 1,300 and is the latest company to modify its relationship with the NRA after the Parkland shooting , per the Hill—added it 's “ unwavering in our belief in and commitment to the Constitution of the United States and its Second Amendment , ” the Austin American-Statesman reports .
No matter the details , gun owners are railing against Yeti and saying they 've “ shot themselves in the foot . ”
One prominent detractor who now supports a boycott : Chris Loesch , husband of NRA spokeswoman Dana Loesch . “ Do you not understand who your base is ? , ” Chris Loesch tweeted . “ Will never buy or use any of your products again and we had a bunch . ”
Some are even taking to destroying their Yeti products—including by blowing them up , shooting them with rifles , and crushing them in vises—using # YetiCoolerChallenge .
Not everyone agrees this is the most sensible reaction .
“ Let me get this straight : # yeticoolerchallenge = fill $ 500 cooler with $ 20 of tannerite . Blow up cooler . Outcome : @ Yeti keeps $ 500 , @ NRA foundation receives no benefit , and you are left with no cooler and a huge mess to clean up … seems reasonable , ” one observer sarcastically notes .
More From Newser
Barton County Sheriff 's Office Incident Log ( 8/11 )
Non-Injury Accident
At 9:15 p.m. a vehicle versus deer accident was reported at SE 20 Road & SE 100 Avenue .
8/12
Non-Injury Accident
At 10:21 a.m. a two-vehicle accident was reported at 485 N. Washington Avenue .
Injury Accident
At 10:13 p.m. an injury accident was reported at 20 Avenue & 3 Road .
8/13
Non-Injury Accident
At 1:14 a.m. an accident was reported in the 200 block of K-96 Highway .
Traffic Arrest
At 2:48 a.m. a traffic arrest was made in the 10 block of NW 60 Road .
Warrant Arrest
At 3:14 p.m. a subject was arrested for three out-of-county warrants at 4200 10th Street .
Great Bend Police Department Incident Log ( 8/11 )
K9 Use / Call Out
At 12:11 a.m. a K9 call out for the Sheriff 's Office was made at 1332 NE 180 Road in Claflin .
Theft
At 11:41 a.m. a report of another business using his tax ID number was made at 2000 Kansas Avenue .
Structure Fire
At 1:26 p.m. report of smoke in an apartment was made at 1019 Williams Street . Fire Department handled the call .
Heart Problems
At 2:13 p.m. EMS assistance was needed at 4705 10th Street .
Criminal Damage
At 2:54 p.m. report of someone damaging his vehicle was made at 810 Odell Street .
Traumatic Injuries
At 4:59 p.m. EMS assistance was needed at 1303 Baker Avenue .
At 5:50 p.m. EMS assistance was needed at 1015 10th Street .
Sick Peson
At 9:23 p.m. EMS assistance was needed at 808 Maple Street .
Non-Injury Accident
At 10:07 p.m. an accident was reported at 4909 10th Street .
8/12
Disorderly Conduct
At 2:23 a.m. a report of a subject yelling at her after she struck his dog with her vehicle on accident at 1300 Odell Street .
Traffic Arrest
At 3:45 a.m. an officer arrested Sara Lewis for driving while revoked at 3307 10th Street .
At 9:33 a.m. an officer arrested Artemio Favel for driving while suspended and other traffic violations in the 400 block of 10th Street .
Warrant Arrest
At 9:54 a.m. an officer arrested Hugo Figueroa-Favela in the 400 block of 10th Street on a Rice County warrant .
Non-Injury Accident
At 12:03 p.m. an accident was reported at 10th Street & MacArthur Road .
Traffic Arrest
At 8:46 p.m. an officer arrested Jacob Schenkel for DUI and other traffic violations in the 2100 block of 11th Street .
Falls
At 9:09 p.m. EMS assistance was needed at 1210 Morton Street .
8/13
K9 Use / Call Out
At 2:39 a.m. Lazar was used on a traffic stop at 17th Street & Stone Street .
Interdiction
At 2:40 a.m. an officer arrested Brianna Lamb for possession of narcotics and driving while revoked at 17th Street & Stone Street .
Diabetic Problems
At 4:25 a.m. EMS assistance was needed at 5501 9th Street 90 .
Heart Problems
At 10:56 a.m. EMS assistance was needed at 5304 Broadway Avenue .
Burglary / Not in Progress
At 11:03 a.m. theft of a lawnmower was reported at 1102 Morphy Street .
Abdominal Pain / Problems
At 11:14 a.m. EMS assistance was needed at 5209 Broadway .
Sick Person
At 12:29 p.m. EMS assistance was needed at 1301 K-96 Highway .
Breathing Problems
At 10:52 p.m. EMS assistance was needed at 1101 Kansas Avenue Apt 609 .
The Long Beach School District has canceled class for Monday , Oct. 9 , because of the potential impact of Tropical Storm Nate .
Officials with other area schools are making preparations as Nate moves closer to the Gulf of Mexico .
As of now , the following events have been rescheduled :
GULFPORT :
Homecoming football game against Hancock will kick off at 6 p.m. instead of 7 p.m. at Milner Stadium
The homecoming dance will be held Friday after the football game , beginning at 9:30 p.m. and ending at 12:30 a.m .
St. James Fall Festival postponed until Oct. 14 and 15
HARRISON COUNTY :
Homecoming dance moved to Oct. 14 ; all Friday events to be held as scheduled
JACKSON COUNTY :
Oct. 7 SAT at Moss Point School District canceled ; a new date will be announced later
The WLOX weather team is keeping a close eye on the threat of severe weather . Download the WLOX First Alert Weather app or visit wlox.com/weather for the latest updates , and click here to view the WLOX Hurricane Center .
Copyright 2017 WLOX . All rights reserved .
With the National Football League 's 2017 preseason already underway , the protests against the United States during the playing of the national anthem are spreading .
Begun last season by former NFL player Colin Kaepernick , the protests consisting of raising a fist , kneeling , or simply staying seated during the playing of the national anthem , are continuing despite Kaepernick 's absence from the league .
advertisement
NFL columnist for Bleacher Report and former Washington Post sports writer Mike Freeman , reports that up to five players have told him that they intend to continue Kaepernick 's anti-American protests through the 2017 season .
Freeman also noted that some of these players linked the events in Charlottesville , Virginia , to their continued anthem protests :
Texted with 5 players today who believe more will protest this season . Says league-wide outrage over Charlottesville , reaction from Trump . — mike freeman ( @ mikefreemanNFL ) August 14 , 2017
Of course , linking Trump to what happened in Charlottesville is clearly illegitimate . Whether you think he went far enough , or was specific enough , or not , President Trump clearly denounced the violence that occurred in Charlottesville :
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for . There is no place for this kind of violence in America . Lets come together as one ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) August 12 , 2017
However , the protests in the NFL continue .
The Seattle Seahawks ' Michael Bennett and the Raider 's Marshawn Lynch both stayed seated during the anthem at last weekend 's games .
Both Lynch and Bennett have both praised and supported Colin Kaepernick 's actions during the 2016 season .
Without mentioning Kaepernick by name , Bennett recently slammed the NFL for hiring certain players but not others .
“ There 's been guys who have criminal records , guys who have been accused of murder , guys who have been accused of rape and domestic violence who are still in the NFL , ” Bennett said . “ It 's crazy to see this guy not have an opportunity in the NFL . It 's just weird . I mean , some quarterbacks , as we all know , should n't be playing , but they are , and this guy is sitting on the side . We all know why . It 's just hard to fathom that he 's not having a job this year . ”
For his part , Trump has criticized Colin Kaepernick 's protests several times , not only as a candidate running for the White House but also as president .
Last August , for instance , Trump called Kaepernick 's protests “ terrible . ”
“ I think it 's personally not a good thing , I think it 's a terrible thing . And , you know , maybe he should find a country that works better for him . Let him try , it wo n't happen , ” he said to reporters during the campaign .
Last September Trump , also told “ Fox & Friends ” that he thinks Kaepernick has a “ lack of respect ” for the United States .
By March , after winning the White House , Trump noted that no NFL team had signed Kaepernick because they were afraid he would single them out on Twitter .
“ There was an article today…that NFL owners do n't want to pick him up because they do n't want to get a nasty tweet from Donald Trump , ” Trump said to a cheering crowd during a rally in Kentucky . “ You believe that ? I just saw that . I said , ‘ If I remember that one , I 'm gon na report it to the people of Kentucky because they like it when people actually stand for the American flag . ' ”
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @ warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel @ hotmail.com .
President Donald Trump signed a memorandum directing his Trade Representative Robert E. Lighthizer to investigate China for the theft of intellectual property .
“ For too long , this wealth has been drained from our country while Washington has done nothing . They have never done anything about it , ” Trump said to reporters at the White House . “ But Washington will turn a blind eye no longer . ”
advertisement
Trump said that combatting piracy and theft of information from American companies was long overdue , blaming the political establishment for looking the other way .
He described his actions as a fulfillment of his campaign promises to defend the American worker .
“ We will uphold our values , we will defend our workers , and we will protect the innovations , creations , and inventions that power our magnificent country , ” he said .
China protested Trump 's actions through the state-run newspaper , denouncing the president 's attempts to blame them for North Korea 's ongoing hostility to America .
“ [ I ] t is impossible to look at the matter without taking into account his increasing disappointment at what he deems as China 's failure to bring into line the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , ” the editorial read , noting that “ exploiting trade as a bargaining chip ” would be a “ serious mistake . ”
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross attended the event as well as Director of Trade and Industrial Policy Peter Navarro , Trade Ambassador Robert Lighthizer , Secretary Steven Mnuchin , and Gary Cohn . Lt. Gen. H.R . McMaster also attended the event .
Part of my job as a dietitian and diabetes educator is to call people on the phone and convince them that they need to follow their physician 's order and receive diabetes instruction . Few people realize that the medications that are ordered are designed to complement a diabetic lifestyle .
Fear , denial , frustration , and just not knowing anything different keep people from being healthy and seeking education . Another deterrent to living a healthier life with diabetes is cost .
Most diabetes self-management instruction sessions cost less than $ 1,000 before insurance coverage . In these classes , diabetes is defined . Monitoring , meal planning , stress management and methods to avoid complications are taught .
Many people explain to me that they just can not afford to pay for diabetes instruction . I can empathize with financial difficulties . In this instance , the hospital 's financial advisors are recommended and I encourage my clients to call and discuss the ability to pay . Usually a payment plan and often discounts are arranged .
The total cost of diagnosed diabetes in the U.S. in 2017 was $ 327 billion . Care for people with diabetes accounted for 1 in 4 health dollars in our country . More than half of that expenditure was directly due to diabetes .
These costs will continue to increase . There has been a more than 25 percent increase in the costs of diabetes from 2012 to 2017 that is in 5 years , due to the increased prevalence and cost per person with diabetes .
Many health providers do not recommend diabetes education to their patients . Physicians who do recommend learning more about this diagnosis report a refusal from the patient . Most of my patients report that they had to specifically request instruction .
The medications that are ordered work better with a lifestyle that promotes improved blood sugars . Many patients choose to rely only on a pill or shot to control their blood glucose and this can often lead to serious complications .
Getting back to costs . The average cost of a heart attack in the U.S. is between $ 80,000 to $ 100,000 . Heart disease is the number one cause of death with diabetes . If a series of classes costing approximately $ 1,000 can help to prevent cardiac complications are n't the diabetes training sessions cost effective ?
We are all going to die ; there is no way out of that fact . The quality of life prior to that fateful reality can be altered . The person with diabetes is in control of what occurs between the day they learn of the diagnosis and their last breath . Education can make a difference .
One person that I called told me that his sister-in-law was a nurse and she was going to tell him everything he needed to know about diabetes . I had to stifle a laugh . What are the chances that she was going to teach him up-to-date information ? What makes me believe that he would even listen to his sister-in-law ?
Quoting Nelson Mandela , “ Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. ” Change your world today by learning more about diabetes .
Randall http : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/04/web1_Randall.jpeg Randall
THEIR VIEW
Bobbie Randall Contributing columnist
Bobbie Randall is a certified diabetes educator , registered , licensed dietitian . She supervises a Diabetes Self-Management Training Program at Dunlap Community Hospital , Orrville , Ohio . Contact her at bobbie.randall @ aultman.com .
Bobbie Randall is a certified diabetes educator , registered , licensed dietitian . She supervises a Diabetes Self-Management Training Program at Dunlap Community Hospital , Orrville , Ohio . Contact her at bobbie.randall @ aultman.com .
* Japanese utilities snap up cargoes for Feb , March - traders
* Temperatures set to dip lower in Japan , South Korea
* Supply from Cove Point could weigh on prices
By Jessica Jaganathan and Oleg Vukmanovic
SINGAPORE , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Asian spot LNG prices eased further this week on expectations of reduced buying but plunging temperatures in Japan , South Korea and China prevented a steep price decline .
Spot prices for March LNG-AS delivery in Asia fell 20 cents to $ 10.20 per million British thermal units ( mmBtu ) , according to LNG traders in Asia . This is the lowest price since Dec. 7 , but 36 percent higher than the same period last year , Reuters data showed .
Cargoes for delivery in February are trading at close to $ 12 per mmBtu , they added , as spot demand from Japan remained firm .
“ Many buyers have rolled over their requirements to buy in March as February prices were too high , so March should still be supported , ” a Singapore-based LNG trader said .
Power utilities in Japan have been snapping up spot cargoes over the past two weeks for delivery in February and early March , as flagging temperatures in northern Asia are set to dip further , a second Singapore-based LNG trader said .
Japan 's imports of LNG rose to nearly 8.7 million tonnes last month , up 8 percent from December and the largest volume since at least January , 2013 , according to ship tracking data on Thomson Reuters Eikon that goes back five years .
Temperatures in Japan and South Korea look set to dip lower this week , according to Eikon data .
There was speculation by traders of potential spot LNG demand emerging from South Korea given the bitterly cold temperatures .
In China , gas shortages continue though traders have largely scaled back their spot purchases for the first quarter . Deliveries into China slipped to 4.9 million tonnes in January , from the peak of about 5 million tonnes in December , Reuters data showed .
South Korea 's POSCO bought a cargo for March 2 to 5 delivery into Gwangyang at a premium of about $ 10.30 to $ 10.50 per mmBtu , traders said .
This is similar to a cargo purchased by Japan 's Tohoku Electric for a second-half March cargo , they added .
Australia 's APLNG sold a cargo for early February at a premium between $ 11.80 and $ 12 per mmBtu while India 's Gail may have bought a spot cargo for March at a premium of $ 9.50 to $ 10 per mmBtu , traders said .
Exports from Indonesia with around 345 million cubic metres loaded onto tankers in the week starting Jan. 29 , compared with 591 mcm in the previous week , according to data on Thomson Reuters Eikon .
Some trade sources said Indonesia 's Bontang LNG export facility was experiencing feed gas issues . One off-taker said Pertamina informed them that output had been affected .
The handover of the Mahakam gas block from France 's Total to Pertamina on Jan. 1 may have impacted supplies as Pertamina gets to grips with technical issues , he said .
A Japanese off-taker reported no delivery delays . Pertamina declined to respond to a request for comment
Still , prices could ease once exports start from the Cove Point LNG export project in Maryland .
Dominion Energy said on Thursday that Cove Point has started producing LNG at its natural gas liquefaction facility , which is undergoing commissioning and will start commercial service in early March .
Russia 's Sakhalin II project put eight cargoes up for sale between May 2018 and March 2019 with the tender closing on Feb. 9 , traders said .
Angola LNG was also offering a cargo bilaterally most likely to one of the existing off-takers , which include Vitol , Glencore and RWE Supply & Trading , a market source said .
Mexico 's CFE , which this week sought two February cargoes for its Atlantic coast Altamira terminal , was expected to seek more supply for its Manzanillo terminal on the Pacific in mid-to-late February for supplies in April-July , a source said .
In North Africa , Egypt purchased five cargoes for delivery in the second quarter through bilateral deals .
Biloxi Indians boys track & field head coach Michael Reese has built something special having won five consecutive District Championships .
The Biloxi Indians used an aggressive approach in dominating the Region 7-6A Title at Gulfport High last Thursday . Eleven Indians finished first out of seventeen events and qualified in the top four ... in sixteen out of seventeen events . The Regional championship is set for Thursday at George County High School .
Coach Reese said , `` We 're really looking forward to making an impact and we want to make an impact . We want to represent Biloxi High to the best of our ability . ''
Da'Shaun Morgan won both the long jump and triple jump . He 's undefeated in both events this season . Donte Windham captured to discuss with a toss of 116 feet , 6 inches , one of three Indians to qualify for the regional in that event . Freshman Aaron Wood captured the 400 Meter Dash in 52.19 .
`` Our 4-by-800 relay team is expected to go in the top four in the state , `` said Reese . `` If not , win the whole thing . Frank Floyd , Stephen Jones , Roosevelt Blye and Jeff Blackston . We have four talented 800 meter runners . ''
Stephen Jones , a member of that rely on team ... was the class of the field in the 32-hundred meters , timed in 11-minutes , 11.60 seconds . He 's a natural athlete who excels in every thing he does . Jones earned a swimming scholarship to Henderson State in Arkansas , after taking home the 200 IM state title .
He 'll represent Biloxi in both the mile and two mile runs on Thursday .
Jones said , `` For distance , it 's one of the hardest events . You 've got to focus on your speed work and then stamina part . It 's definitely a lot on your body . ''
Coach Reese said , `` Jones is a hard worker , a yes-sir , no-sir person . Even though he has a swimming scholarship , I want to try to get him a scholarship in track . He 's that talented and that dedicated .
The Biloxi Indians track team is motivated hoping to claim back-to-back Regional titles .
A federal humanities advocate and a Native nonprofit are teaming up to promote Native language education programs . They 'll each contribute about $ 2 million to fund education programs within tribal communities aimed at revitalizing Native American languages .
Approximately 150 Native languages are spoken in the United States . Twenty distinct languages alone are in Alaska .
Lawrence Kaplan , a linguistics professor in Fairbanks , said Alaska Natives “ care enormously ” about their language and culture .
“ The languages are very important to the groups because it 's just part of their culture , ” he said . “ It 's part of what makes them unique . ”
Kaplan also directs the Alaska Native Language Center . He said Native languages are endangered . That is why the National Endowment for the Humanities teamed up with Longmont , Colorado-based First Nations Development Institute to fund Native language education .
Kaplan said Tlingit and Central Yup'ik would be good candidates for grant funding .
“ The languages that would benefit the most would be the ones where there 's an active group of people working already , ” he said .
First Nations is a national nonprofit that focuses on economic development throughout Indian Country . President and CEO Michael Roberts said that includes Natives in Alaska and Hawaii . But competition for language program funding could be intense .
“ We are going to open really wide , nationwide , asking for folks to come in and get into a highly competitive process , ” he said . “ There 's an over-subscription of applicants to dollars available . ”
Roberts is Tlingit and grew up in Ketchikan . He said that First Nations will be looking at programs to meet a certain criterion .
” From our perspective , those are probably the highest likelihood of the kind of things that we 'd invest in : either immersion programs that are working or folks who have done a lot of a work on language retention and restoration who are kind of maybe in that pre-immersion stage . ”
An advisory committee will be formed , and then tribes will be contacted to submit proposals .
A spokeswoman for the National Endowment for the Humanities said about 15 programs would be funded per year .
VOL . 41 | NO . 6 | Friday , February 10 , 2017
KNOXVILLE ( AP ) — A federal jury in Knoxville has convicted a Pennsylvania man of charges connected to a multistate bank robbery-kidnapping spree .
The Knoxville News Sentinel ( http : //bit.ly/2lehEml ) reports 44-year-old Michael Benanti of Lake Harmony , Pa. , was convicted of 23 charges , including conspiracy to commit bank extortion , and kidnapping , carjacking and extortion . Benanti faces more than 300 years in prison and will be sentenced July 25 .
The case involved kidnappings of three East Tennessee bank-connected families as well as an attempted kidnapping and a bank robbery in Pennsylvania , kidnapping of a Connecticut bank employee and his mother and a grocery store robbery in North Carolina .
Benanti 's partner , 46-year-old Brian Witham , was given a plea deal that caps his sentence at 42 years . Benanti denied involvement , and defense lawyers tried to convince jurors that Witham was lying .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Nex Group Plc :
* ‍SPOT FX VOLUMES FOR JAN 2018 UP 13 PERCENT AT $ 104.9 BILLION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 80 6749 1136 )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
SUMMARY : Unsettled weather will stick around for the first half of the week . Details :
THIS MORNING : Skies are cloudy with a few showers for the early morning . Damp conditions persist and temperatures are in the 60s . Winds are light early morning but will kick up mid-morning , out of the northeast at 5 to 15 mph .
THIS AFTERNOON : Slightly cooler with highs in the 60s and low 70s . Skies are mostly cloudy with a few spotty showers and maybe a peek or two of blue sky . It will be breezy , winds out of the northeast at 10 to 20 mph .
TONIGHT : Skies will remain cloudy with perhaps a passing shower or two . Temperatures are still on the mild to warm side .
A LOOK AHEAD : The cold front will stall out over ENC with a warm front lifting through the day Wednesday . Another front is set to move through Friday .
TROPICS : Atlantic Hurricane Season begins on June 1 , 2017 . Click here for your tropical update .
THANK YOU FOR TRUSTING WNCT 9 FIRST ALERT WEATHER ! Weather changes quickly . Your full team of First Alert meteorologists- Jerry Jackson , Dontae Jones , Pierce Legeion , Megan Lindsey and David Sawyer- will keep you updated .
To follow us “ on the go ” , check out these links :
– Follow WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Twitter by CLICKING HERE .
– Connect with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather and join a growing network of friends with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Facebook by CLICKING HERE .
– Download our WNCT 9 First Alert Weather app , available for free in the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store . You can see First Alert VIPIR 9 , detailed forecasts , weather maps , and severe weather alerts .
Greenville , NC Hourly Forecast 62 ° F precip : 20 % 62 ° F precip : 0 % 62 ° F precip : 0 % 65 ° F precip : 0 % 67 ° F precip : 0 % 68 ° F precip : 0 % 69 ° F precip : 0 % 71 ° F precip : 0 % 72 ° F precip : 0 % 72 ° F precip : 0 % 72 ° F precip : 0 % 70 ° F precip : 0 % 69 ° F precip : 0 % 67 ° F precip : 0 % 63 ° F precip : 0 % 61 ° F precip : 0 % 59 ° F precip : 0 % 58 ° F precip : 0 % 57 ° F precip : 0 % 56 ° F precip : 0 % 56 ° F precip : 20 % 56 ° F precip : 20 % 55 ° F precip : 20 % 55 ° F precip : 20 % 56 ° F precip : 20 % 57 ° F precip : 10 % 59 ° F precip : 10 % 62 ° F precip : 20 % 65 ° F precip : 20 % 68 ° F precip : 20 % 69 ° F precip : 20 % 70 ° F precip : 20 % 72 ° F precip : 20 % 73 ° F precip : 20 % 73 ° F precip : 20 % 73 ° F precip : 20 % 73 ° F precip : 20 % 72 ° F precip : 20 % 68 ° F precip : 10 % 66 ° F precip : 20 % 65 ° F precip : 20 % 64 ° F precip : 20 % 63 ° F precip : 20 % 62 ° F precip : 20 % 62 ° F precip : 20 % 61 ° F precip : 20 % 61 ° F precip : 20 % 61 ° F precip : 20 % Inland Forecast Coastal Forecast Day Planner Hourly Forecast
April 10 Amaya Inc
* Discovery Key Investments reports a 11.2 percent stake in Amaya as of March 30 - SEC filing Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career .
× Wounded Congressman Scalise needs several more surgeries , hospital says
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The hospital where Rep. Steve Scalise is recovering after being shot says the congressman remains in critical condition and will require several more operations .
MedStar Washington Hospital Center is also providing a more detailed description of Scalise 's wounds . The hospital says he was shot in the left hip , after which “ the bullet travelled across his pelvis , fracturing bones , injuring internal organs and causing severe bleeding . ”
Scalise was among several people wounded early Wednesday when a rifle-wielding attacker fired on lawmakers on a baseball field in Alexandria , Virginia , outside Washington . The attacker was shot and later died .
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
They are offering the all-time famous Zarks Ultimate Burger ( originally at P149 ) for only P1 , exclusive for 1000 Tribe users only
Published 1:00 PM , December 12 , 2017 In partnership with
[ Editor 's Note : The following is an announcement from Tribe Philippines ]
This December , Tribe is celebrating their 1st Anniversary in the Philippines . As a way of rewarding their loyal fans ' support , they are offering the all-time famous Zarks Ultimate Burger ( originally at P149 ) for only P1 , exclusive for 1000 Tribe users only .
Tribe is an online video streaming app targeted for millennials who want to enjoy the best entertainment from the east and west – the latest K-dramas , popular Hollywood shows , anime series , and more . Get your dose of entertainment anytime , anywhere on Tribe .
Here 's how to join :
- Download the Tribe app on your mobile phone : https : //goo.gl/6MyYC7
- Register for an account on Tribe
- Sign up at http : //zarks.tribenow.tv/ to be eligible for the Zarks deal
Tribe will announce the lucky 1000 winners on December 15 , as well as the participating locations where winners can claim their Tribe Anniversary Prize – Zarks Ultimate burger for P1 .
Per DTI FTEB permit no . 17402 Series of 2017
ACCRA , April 13 Ghana is committed to ending its three-year $ 918 million programme with the International Monetary Fund as scheduled in April 2018 , Finance Minister Ken Ofori-Atta told a news conference on Thursday .
The comment rebuffs reports that the government , which took power in January after winning an election , would ask for an extension of the programme to give more time for the country to stabilize government finances . ( Writing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg ; Editing by Nellie Peyton and Toby Chopra )
NASHVILLE ( WATE ) – In the wake of this weekend 's deadly race-fueled violence in Charlottesville , Virginia , Gov . Bill Haslam reiterated his position Monday that he feels there is no place in the State Capitol for a bust of one-time KKK leader and Confederate General Nathan Bedford Forrest .
Haslam has spoken about the issue several times in the past , and there have been several calls to remove the statue in the wake of Confederate flags being removed from other state capitols .
Previous story : Gov . Haslam would remove Confederate monument from Tenn. Capitol
“ My position on this issue has not changed – I do not believe Nathan Bedford Forrest should be one of the individuals we honor at the Capitol . The General Assembly has established a process for addressing these matters and I strongly encourage the Capitol Commission and the Historical Commission to act . ”
The monument of Forrest , a decorated Confederate general in the Civil War who would later be named the “ Grand Wizard , ” which is the Ku Klux Klan 's highest rank , is situated inside the Tennessee Capitol .
Related : Trump names hate groups , denouncing Charlottesville violence
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike , oil prices dip , NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday , mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months . A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S & P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data . Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent , hit by an unexpec
SpaceX to launch super-computer to space
By Kerry SHERIDAN
Miami ( AFP ) Aug 13 , 2017
SpaceX is poised to launch an unmanned cargo ship toward the International Space Station Monday , including a super-computer that could direct astronauts on future deep-space missions .
The liftoff of the Falcon 9 rocket , carrying the Dragon cargo ship , is planned for 12:31 pm ( 1631 GMT ) from Cape Canaveral , Florida .
The weather forecast is 70 percent favorable for launch .
The mission is the 12th official trip for SpaceX , which has a $ 1.6 billion contract with NASA to supply the astronauts living in orbit over 20 such back-and-forth journeys .
About 10 minutes after launch , the rocket will attempt to make a controlled landing back on solid ground at Cape Canaveral , as part of SpaceX 's ongoing effort to re-use rocket components after each take-off .
If Monday 's launch is delayed for any reason , the next attempt would have to wait until next week , due to a spacewalk planned for Thursday by Russian cosmonauts , who will deploy a series of satellites from the orbiting outpost .
- Complicated cargo -
The Dragon is packed with 6,400 pounds ( 2,900 kilograms ) of supplies , including a sophisticated super-computer made by Hewlett Packard Enterprise ( HPE ) , called The Spaceborne Computer .
The goal is to test the computer for one year to see if it can operate in the harsh conditions of space , about the same amount of time as it would take for astronauts to arrive at Mars .
As astronauts travel millions of miles away , communications will become increasingly delayed . Messages from Mars to Earth would be delayed from between four minutes to 24 minutes one-way , depending on the distance between the planets , according to the European Space Agency .
`` Such a long communication lag would make any on-the-ground exploration challenging and potentially dangerous if astronauts are met with any mission critical scenarios that they 're not able to solve themselves , '' said HPE senior vice president Alain Andreoli in a statement .
The new super-computer aims to provide `` sophisticated onboard computing resources that are capable of extended periods of uptime , '' he added , describing the year-long effort as `` the first step in that direction . ''
Another experiment on board is designed to help scientists study Parkinson 's disease in greater detail in the hopes of finding better treatments for this degenerative disease .
Un-impeded by gravity , protein crystals can grow larger in space , and scientists hope to use this environment to help them understand an important protein in Parkinson 's disease , known as Leucine-rich repeat kinase 2 ( LRRK2 ) .
Until now , this protein has been difficult to study in Earth , according to researchers at the Michael J . Fox Foundation , which developed the research project .
Other experiments on board include a stem cell investigation for growing new lung tissue , and equipment for growing vegetables in space .
Kennedy Space Center FL ( SPX ) Aug 04 , 2017
The International Space Station is a unique scientific platform enabling researchers from around the world to develop experiments that could not be performed on Earth . A line of unpiloted resupply spacecraft keeps this work going , supporting efforts to enable future human and robotic exploration of destinations well beyond low-Earth orbit . The next mission to the space station will be the ... read more
Related Links
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
TEL AVIV — A four-page House Intelligence Committee memo released on Friday alleging abuse of surveillance authority may warrant a review of previous testimony in which former FBI Director James B. Comey admitted that he pushed back against a request from President Donald Trump to possibly investigate the origins claims made in the infamous anti-Trump dossier .
The surveillance memo , crafted by House Intelligence Committee Republicans , documents Comey signed three FISA court applications utilizing the anti-Trump dossier to conduct surveillance on Carter Page , who briefly served as a volunteer foreign policy adviser to Trump 's 2016 campaign .
The memo documents that on October 21 , 2016 , the FBI and Justice Department sought and received the FISA order against Page , and that the agencies sought the renewal of the order every 90 days in accordance with court requirements . Renewals require separate finding of probable cause each time , the memo relates .
According to the memo , Comey “ signed three FISA applications in question on behalf of the FBI , and Deputy Director Andrew McCabe signed one . ”
The memo relates the FBI utilized the anti-Trump dossier compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele as evidence against Page in order to obtain the FISA warrant .
During his prepared remarks for the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , delivered on June 8 , 2017 , Comey related that he pushed back against a suggestion from Trump to investigate the dossier claims .
The former FBI chief stated that following a January 6 Oval Office meeting with Intelligence Community leaders , Comey “ remained alone with the President Elect to brief him on some personally sensitive aspects of the information assembled during the assessment . ” '
It is clear Comey was referring to the dossier since he writes the “ salacious and unverified ” material was about to be publically reported by the news media . Four days after that briefing , the dossier was published by BuzzFeed .
In his statement summarizing his conversation with Trump , Comey refers to Russian prostitutes , a key component of the dossier :
He said he had nothing to do with Russia , had not been involved with hookers in Russia , and had always assumed he was being recorded when in Russia .
In a private White House dinner with Trump on January 27 , Comey says the topic of the “ salacious material ” again came up and he reveals that Trump was considering asking the FBI to investigate the origins of the claims . Comey pushed back against that idea .
Comey writes :
During the dinner , the President returned to the salacious material I had briefed him about on January 6 , and , as he had done previously , expressed his disgust for the allegations and strongly denied them . He said he was considering ordering me to investigate the alleged incident to prove it did n't happen . I replied that he should give that careful thought because it might create a narrative that we were investigating him personally , which we were n't , and because it was very difficult to prove a negative . He said he would think about it and asked me to think about it .
According to the Republican memo , the FBI and DOJ failed to inform the FISA court of the following aspects of the dossier utilized to obtain the warrant on Page :
That Steele 's Dossier was reportedly funded by Hillary Clinton 's 2016 presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) via the Perkins Coie law firm . “ Neither the initial application in October 2016 , nor any of the renewals , disclose or reference the role of the DNC , Clinton campaign , or any party/campaign in funding Steele 's efforts , even though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior and FBI officials , ” the memo states .
That the initial application notes Steele worked for a “ named U.S. person ” but does not name the controversial firm Fusion GPS or its founder Glenn Simpson .
That Steele reportedly met with Yahoo News at the direction of Fusion GPS . A Yahoo News article about an alleged trip by Page to Moscow was cited in the FISA warrant , according to the memo .
Aaron Klein is Breitbart 's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , “ Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @ AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook .
Written with research by Joshua Klein .
