FG 's savings bond allotment drops to N607.3m in June
The Federal Government allotted N607.3 million in its June 2019 and 2020 savings bond sales , a figure that is lower than the N790.85 million it allotted in May , the Debt Management Office ( DMO ) said .
The allotment results were obtained from its website on Wednesday in Abuja . It said that N271.56 million was allotted at 13.18 per cent with 425 successful subscriptions to mature in June 2019 .
DMO also said that N335.7 million was allotted at 14.18 per cent with 496 successful subscriptions maturing in June 2020 . This figure indicates a drop in allotments and subscriptions over the past months .
The savings bond introduced in March is targeted at the lower income earners to encourage savings and also earn more income ( interest ) compared to their savings accounts with banks .
In its maiden sale conducted in March , the Federal Government allotted N2.1 billion to 2,575 subscribers while it allotted N1.2 billion to 1,798 subscribers in April . In May , the subscription dropped to N790.85 million for 1,233 subscribers .
The savings bond designed to help finance the nation 's budget deficit is also backed by its ‘ full faith and credit ' .
Interests are to be paid at regular periods with principal repaid at maturity . They have a tenure of between two and three years and a minimum size of investment of N5,000 and maximum of N50 million . It is aimed at deepening national savings culture , diversifying funding sources for the government and providing opportunity to all citizens , irrespective of income level to contribute to national development .
It will also enable all citizens to participate in and benefit from the favourable returns available in the capital market .
The next offer will open on July 3 and close on July 7 , the DMO said .
This post was syndicated from The Sun News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HARRISON , N.J. – It was a different New York Red Bulls team that emerged from the locker room for the start of the second half against New York City FC in the first-ever U.S. Open Cup match between the rivals .
Was it a tactical change ?
“ It was the halftime talk , ” joked Chris Armas , who filled in for the suspended Jesse Marsch as Red Bulls head coach .
Armas said it was the Red Bulls will to win that was the difference in a 1-0 victory in the fourth-round showdown at Red Bull Arena .
“ We talk about the New York Red Bulls and what makes us us , ” Armas said . “ I think we saw that in the second half to the highest level . ”
Both teams made one change for the start of the second half and each played instrumental roles in the way the game played out following a scoreless first half .
New York City FC coach Patrick Vieira was forced to substitute the influential Maxi Moralez , who left the match with a calf injury . John Stertzer came on , but the service to David Villa was stifled and the Red Bulls dominated the midfield in the second half .
“ For the team it was a little bit of a shock the injury of Maxi , ” Villa said . “ We were a little bit lost without him . It was difficult . They scored on a mistake from us . ”
Daniel Royer came on for the Red Bulls , replacing Mike Grella to start the second half and it was Royer who scored the lone goal on a first-time volley in the 67th minute .
“ It was a really good volley , and a difficult one , and he managed to hit the target and he scored , ” Vieira said . “ We had two greet chances in the [ first ] half where we hit the post and we create some situations in the [ second ] half where we make the wrong decision . ”
Royer said his mentality was “ to be dangerous , shifty and a person to be an option for all the other players. ” He played that role perfectly after Alex Muyl picked off a pass from Sean Johnson to Frederic Brillant and fed Bradley Wright-Phillips .
“ We were very dominant in the second half , ” Wright-Phillips said . “ I think them losing Moralez is probably a blow to them . We were quite dominant with our press in the first half and in the second half we took it to another level . ”
NYCFC , which exited the Open Cup in their opener for the third consecutive year , was left to rue their missed opportunities . Tommy McNamara had goalkeeper Ryan Meara beat in the 16th minute , but his shot twice caromed off the crossbar without crossing the goal line .
Villa also hit the post five minutes before halftime .
“ I think they did play better in the second half , the same way we played better in the first half , ” Vieira said . “ I strongly believe both teams created chances and the only difference is that they take their chances in the second half . ”
RIO DE JANEIRO ( AP ) -- An analysis by The Associated Press shows that the cost of putting on last year 's Rio de Janeiro Olympic was $ 13.1 billion .
At a news conference Wednesday , officials of Brazil 's Public Authority for Olympic Legacy said the cost for only `` sports-related venues '' was 7.23 billion reals ( $ 2.06 billion ) . In addition , the Rio organizing committee previously listed the costs of running the Games at 9 billion reals ( $ 2.8 billion ) .
The Olympic legacy body did not account for other Olympic-related costs . But the AP obtained them in emailed statements from city , state and federal agencies .
Those costs were 26.385 billion reals ( $ 8.2 billion ) for , among other things , a subway line , a doping laboratory , a renovated port and cleanup of polluted Guanabara Bay .
Federal prosecutor Leandro Mitidieri said he had to ask himself if a `` country with such inequality as Brazil should have hosted such an event . ''
BOSTON — Two people have been charged in a shooting on the set of a Denzel Washington movie in Boston that injured two security guards .
The shooting happened early Saturday in the city 's Roxbury section , on the set of a sequel to the “ The Equalizer . ”
Police say nothing was being filmed at the time , and it does not appear the guards were targeted .
The guards , a 40-year-old woman and 33-year-old man , suffered non-life-threatening injuries and were released from the hospital .
Police say they arrested two 18-year-olds , Dionte Martinez and Thomas Perkins . They are charged with assault with intent to murder and gun offences .
The Suffolk County district attorney 's office says they were due to be arraigned Friday in Roxbury Municipal Court .
It was not immediately clear whether either man has an attorney .
# BBNaija : Alex shares first post as she goes on Media Tour ( Photos )
Big Brother Naija 2018 4th runner-up , Asogwa Alexandra Amuche Sandra fondly called Alex has shared her First Post & Picture .
The Enugu state indigene is set for her media tour this afternoon and she looks absolutely stunning rocking a new hair , a black jumpsuit , a scarf and a bag to match .
She wrote :
Good morning my UNUSUAL FAM , hoping today is as beautiful as the smile u all have put on my face since my arrival , today marks the beginning of my media tour and I trust it 's gon na be fun , love y'all
.
Hair @ leevenchybrand
MUA @ leevenchy_brand_intl .
.
# teamalex # teamunusual
Photos below :
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post # BBNaija : Alex shares first post as she goes on Media Tour ( Photos ) appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Highway 3 has been blocked to traffic in both directions between the Hativah 7 Junction and Latrun due to a gravel spill .
The congestion is also affecting Route 1 . The police are making intermittent adjustments to traffic to help clean the road .
KALAMAZOO , Mich. — A man accused of killing two people in two counties in southwestern Michigan has been sentenced to life in prison without parole for one of the crimes .
A Kalamazoo County judge sentenced 33-year-old Zachary Patten on Monday after he was convicted last month of the first-degree murder of Graciela Portillo-Esparza last July .
The mother of four was fatally shot after stepping between her brother and Patten , who were arguing .
A detective testified Patten admitted shooting Portillo-Esparza , but said he was aiming for her brother , Oscar Portillo , the ex-boyfriend of Patten 's girlfriend .
Patten is also charged with murder in St. Joseph County . Police say he drove about 30 miles after killing Portillo-Esparza and shot his ex-wife 's husband . A trial date for that case has n't been set .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Chester FC officials are set to interview shortlisted candidates for the vacant managerial role at the club today and tomorrow .
The Blues , managerless since the sacking of Marcus Bignot earlier this month , have whittled down over 80 applications for the post to a select few , with interviews likely to take place away from the Swansway Chester Stadium .
And a decision on the new man at the helm for next season , one that will be in the National League North following Chester 's relegation from the National League a fortnight ago , could be taken ahead of this weekend 's trip to Barrow for the final game of a miserable campaign for the Blues .
A host of names has been linked to the post over the past 10 days or so , with ex-Leeds United and Rotherham United manager Neil Redfearn , interviewed for the role after Jon McCarthy 's sacking , installed as the bookies ' favourite for the top job .
Other names to have been in the frame include ex-FC Halifax Town manager Billy Heath , former TNS and Hartlepool United boss Craig Harrison , Walsall coach Ian Sharps and former Blues Shaun Reid , Andy Holden and Graham Barrow , as well as former Tranmere Rovers boss Ronnie Moore , Bangor City manager Kevin Nicholson and Runcorn Town boss Chris Herbert .
But there are some names who have been linked who wo n't be taking on the role .
Former Crewe Alexandra and Leyton Orient boss Steve Davis , who expressed interest in the vacancy when speaking to the Chronicle last week , is understood to have decided against applying for the role .
Ex-Chesterfield and Wigan Athletic boss Gary Caldwell was also rumoured to be a candidate although it is understood he did not throw his hat into the ring . The same is also believed to be true for ex-Chester City boss Barrow , heavily linked last time around and a former assistant of Caldwell 's at the Spireites and the Latics .
Witton Albion chairman Mark Harris last week stated that they would resist any attempt from Chester to prize Carl Macauley away from Wincham Park . And Harris looks set to get his wish for his boss to remain with Macauley understood not to have entered the reckoning .
TORONTO — Two Ontario cabinet ministers announced Friday they wo n't seek re-election next year , adding to a growing tally of prominent Liberals bowing out at a time when the party struggles in the polls .
Both deputy premier Deb Matthews and Treasury Board President Liz Sandals , however , insisted that is not the reason for their upcoming departures .
Matthews will remain as the Liberals ' campaign co-chair through the election , saying she has enormous respect for Premier Kathleen Wynne .
“ I am confident that , on June 7 , 2018 , the people of Ontario will give her and her team the mandate to continue to serve , ” Matthews wrote in a statement Friday .
Various polls would suggest a different outcome , however , with most putting the Liberals behind the Progressive Conservatives , and one survey even placing them third , behind the NDP .
Sandals , 70 , stressed that her 30 years of service and her age were behind her decision to retire .
“ This was a challenging decision to make because while I 'm ready to be a full-time grandmother , I 've never had more faith in Premier Kathleen Wynne and the Ontario Liberal Party , ” she wrote in a statement .
University of Ottawa political science professor Genevieve Tellier said that while it 's normal to have some politicians decide they wo n't run again , too many can give the impression of fleeing a sinking ship .
“ They may have valid reasons to leave…but of course we can not forget that the Liberals are unpopular now , so as a perception it could be interpreted that way , ” she said . “ Probably the opposition parties will try to mention that . ”
Economic Development Minister Brad Duguid announced last month that he would not run in next year 's provincial election .
Former environment minister Glen Murray recently left government for the private sector , and Speaker Dave Levac , the Liberal representative for Brant , and Monte Kwinter , Ontario 's oldest MPP , have also announced they wo n't seek re-election .
Matthews , who was elected in 2003 , will stay as the representative for London North Centre and as advanced education minister until the election . But her announcement serves as an undeniable blow to Wynne , to whom Matthews has been a fiercely loyal deputy premier since Wynne took on her leadership role .
“ She shares my vision of a fairer , more progressive , more inclusive Ontario and she knows what it will take to make that happen , ” Wynne wrote in a statement . “ Because of that , I have relied on Deb as a touchstone time and time again . She is smart and analytical , always thinking things through by focusing on the people who will be most affected . ”
Matthews , who was often charged with leading the party 's partisan attack efforts , has also served in cabinet as minister of health , children and youth services , and president of the treasury board . Most recently , as advanced education minister , she championed the government 's plan to give free tuition to low-income students . She frequently came under fire in her time in government for failing to prevent serious problems at the Ornge air ambulance service as health minister .
Sandals , who first got into politics through her local school board and was elected to the legislature in 2003 , will stay as the representative for Guelph , Ont. , and in cabinet until the election , too .
Wynne said she has often relied on Sandals ' instincts and candour .
“ I will miss Liz 's steady hand , wise counsel and friendship , ” Wynne wrote in her statement . “ Her years of experience and strong set of values have always been a guiding light for me and our whole team . ”
Sandals previously served as education minister and ushered in a new sex-ed curriculum that sparked controversy among some parents due to discussions of same-sex marriage , masturbation and gender identities . She stood firm , where a previous attempt under former premier Dalton McGuinty to update the curriculum failed .
Sandals also brought in labour peace with teachers , though the effort was not without controversy .
While under fire for millions of extra dollars the government gave teachers ' unions while negotiating contracts under a new bargaining framework in 2015 , Sandals said she did n't ask them for any receipts or invoices before doling out the money .
“ We know how long we 've been at the hotel . We know what hotel rooms cost . We know what the meeting rooms cost . We know what the food costs . We know what 100 pizzas costs , ” she quipped .
Sandals apologized for another off-the-cuff remark earlier this year , when asked how she thought large executive raises in the broader public sector , including at Ontario Power Generation and transit agency Metrolinx , look to people sitting on a delayed GO train .
“ When you really stop and think of it , most of the people sitting on the GO train probably do n't have high-level nuclear qualifications or the business qualifications to run a multi-billion-dollar corporation , ” she said .
In other words , those proposals will make it hard to spread news or even to post memes .
If # Article13 passes it will change the way that the Internet works , from free and creative sharing , to one where anything can be instantly removed , by computers . # CensorshipMachine https : //t.co/QgcUmCabEH pic.twitter.com/UOIZwxRFWh — Open Rights Group ( @ OpenRightsGroup ) June 28 , 2018
Due to the nature of Wikipedia and its reliance on community contributors , both Articles could have a huge effect on the website . Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales has been a vocal critic of the Directive and has been encouraging people to call their European representatives ahead of the final vote tomorrow , July 5th , 10AM UCT . Legislators tried to add an exemption for encyclopedias after the initial wave of criticisms , but due to what the EFF calls `` sloppy drafting , '' it still puts platforms like Wikipedia at risk . As the Electronic Frontier Foundation explained : the exemption is limited to `` noncommercial activity , '' but every file on Wikipedia is licensed for commercial use .
Deeply inappropriate for the European Commission to be lobbying publicly * and * misleading the public in this way . — Jimmy Wales ( @ jimmy_wales ) July 3 , 2018
The Italian and Spanish Wikipedia pages are echoing Wales ' plea for people to call their European representatives . They 're also linking to websites dedicated to fighting the Directive and are asking the Parliament to reject it in its current form . Here is a rough translation of the notice on Italian Wikipedia 's home page from Google Translate :
2 Reasons You Might Keep Picking Non-Committal Men
Reason # 1 : You 're “ The Romantic ” The Romantic Woman believes in Love at First Sight and being Swept Off Her Feet . So , when she meets a man who sees her across a crowded room and pursues her at a brisk and wanton pace , she impulsively jumps to the conclusion he 's “ The One. ” Romantic Ladies , when a …
The post 2 Reasons You Might Keep Picking Non-Committal Men appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Missouri Supreme Court on Wednesday will consider two cases that could have far-reaching implications for the civil rights protections granted to the state 's LGBTQ community .
The judges will be asked to determine whether the Missouri Human Rights Act prohibits discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity , even though the words are not in the act itself . Lower courts are split on the issue .
“ The question has been percolating in the courts for a number of years , and on a case-by-case basis , some people have been able to get relief and others have not , ” said Tony Rothert , the legal director of the ACLU of Missouri . “ It 's an important question , so we can know one way or another whether anti-gay , anti-transgender discrimination is legal in Missouri or not . ”
Rothert 's organization has filed briefs in both cases supporting the notion that the Human Rights Act covers sexual orientation and gender identity .
The cases
R.M.A v. Blue Springs R-IV School District
The first case involves a Kansas City-area transgender teenager identified in court documents as R.M.A . The teen began living as a boy at the age of 9 , and received a new birth certificate listing his sex as male .
For most of his school years , R.M.A used single-stall restrooms , including when changing for athletics and gym . But in 8th grade , he expressed an interest in using the boy 's locker and restrooms . When the school district said no , the mother and the teenager sued , claiming discrimination based on sex .
The legal arguments went like this : courts have ruled that sex discrimination also includes discrimination based on a gender-related trait such as pregnancy . R.M.A 's attorneys argued that gender identity was such a trait , and therefore R.M.A was protected by the Human Rights Act .
The school district and its board countered with two points . First , its attorneys said , gender identity is n't specifically mentioned in the Human Rights Act and judges should not read something into the law that is n't there . Sex , they write in their legal brief , is defined as distinguishing between male and female on the basis of reproductive organs , and that is n't the reason R.M.A was treated differently . The district 's attorneys also argued that the district and the board are not “ people ” under the Act and therefore can not be sued .
A Jackson County judge agreed with the school district in 2016 and threw out the case . The Missouri Court of Appeals reinforced that decision in July 2017 .
The ACLU of Missouri is not the only group with an interest in the outcome . The American Medical Association , several LGBTQ rights groups and the Women 's Law Center have all filed briefs on R.M.A 's behalf . The Alliance Defending Freedom , a conservative Christian non-profit , is supporting the school district . The state of Missouri has also filed documents supporting the notion that school districts are n't people and can not be sued .
Harold Lampley and Rene Frost v. Missouri Commission on Human Rights
The second case involves two employees of the Missouri Department of Social Services , Harold Lampley and Rene Frost . Lampley , a gay man , filed a complaint with the state Human Rights Commission claiming discrimination based on sex . In a section of the complaint , Lampley wrote that he was being treated poorly at work because he “ does not exhibit the stereotypical attributes of how a male should appear and behave. ” Frost , Lampley 's co-worker , also sued , claiming that she faced discrimination and retaliation because of her friendship with Lampley .
The Human Rights Commission ruled that Lampley was claiming discrimination based on sexual orientation rather than sex , and denied both cases . An appeals court disagreed in an opinion issued in October 2017 . “ If an employer mistreats a male employee because the employer deems the employee insufficiently masculine , it is immaterial whether the male employee is gay or straight , ” the judges wrote . The state appealed .
In its brief submitted to the Supreme Court , the attorney general 's office makes the same argument it does in the case of R.M.A — the words sexual orientation appear nowhere in the Human Rights Act , and courts can not read into a law language that is n't there .
“ In conclusory fashion , Mr. Lampley alleges that his supervisors harassed him because of his sex , ” the state wrote . “ Although Mr. Lampley labels his claim as sex discrimination , he does not claim or allege any facts showing that his employer treated men worse than women . In fact , Mr. Lampley does not claim that he failed to behave in any stereotypically male or female way . He alleges only that he is gay and that his supervisor did not harass non-gay coworkers . This case thus presents a claim of sexual-orientation discrimination , not sex discrimination . ”
Follow Rachel on Twitter : @ rlippmann
Kayla Shermeta from the Oakville & Milton Humane Society joined us this Monday with another adoptable pet .
A new year brings with it fresh hope of a brighter future .
Or at least , that 's what Sunderland fans will be hoping and wishing for heading into 2017 .
The Black Cats find themselves in an all-too familiar position at the turn of the year , battling relegation and scrapping for their lives to maintain their place at the top table .
2016 was an eventful 12 months , to say the least .
Big Sam helped steer the club to safety against all the odds before heading off to the bright lights of Wembley when England came calling in the summer , albeit briefly .
David Moyes took charge in the summer and there was fresh hope of a new era at Sunderland . Sadly , limited transfer funds meant the quality needed to improve the squad did n't arrive , with a lot of deals done late in the day .
Another season of strife was on the cards and so it has proved .
The January transfer window wo n't offer much help either , unlike Allardyce 12 months ago , Moyes will have to wheel and deal in order to improve the squad with funds tight and the wage bill almost at the limit .
And that 's with a mounting injury list plus key players away at the Africa Cup of Nations to contend with .
If Sunderland is to stay up this season , they will certainly have done it the hard way after a 10-game winless streak to kick off the campaign .
Moyes is determined , though , to make a success of his time at Sunderland .
It is , without doubt , one of – if not THE – the toughest challenges he has faced in his management career .
Just do n't bet against him and the Sunderland squad pulling it off . They have proved on several occasions they have the necessary fight and desire to stay up . They just need a touch of added quality .
Getting some of the injured players back is key as is Moyes somehow finding some wiggle room to manoeuvre in the transfer market .
That may mean selling one of the club 's big assets , with Lamine Kone the leading candidate , with the likes of Crystal Palace and West Ham United circling round him still .
If Sunderland could get anywhere near the reported £25million release fee in his contract , then that would represent a very solid piece of business considering he arrived this time last year for a fraction of that .
Time will tell whether Sunderland go down that route , but it is one fans must be braced for .
2017 could prove a pivotal year in Sunderland 's history – on and off the pitch .
What can fans expect ? If the past six months is anything to go by , they should probably brace themselves for short-term pain in order to hopefully achieve long-term gain .
What is clear , though , is remaining in the Premier League is key – the absolute priority .
Relegation does n't bare thinking about , especially with the club £140million in debt .
But the reality is Sunderland are having to cut their cloth accordingly given the dire financial straits and it has been made crystal clear that the club can not buy their way out of trouble .
Ellis Short has bankrolled Sunderland since taking charge , pumping more than £200million of his own money in .
But with Short willing to listen to offers for the club , provided they are right for the long-term future of Sunderland , then 2017 could also herald the age of new owners at the Stadium of Light .
Alongside Moyes , Short also appointed a new chief executive , with Martin Bain proving to be a shrewd operator with a keen eye for detail – eager to improve Sunderland on and off the pitch .
Bain , alongside Moyes , is putting his stamp on Sunderland and communicating his plans – and the reality facing the club – to supporters .
That is a very refreshing and welcome change .
Fans can stomach bad news as long as they are kept in the loop . Keeping open that communication channel this year will be important and both Bain and Moyes have been refreshingly honest since arriving on Wearside .
2017 is also a big year for some of the younger players .
The likes of Ethan Robson , Tommy Robson and George Honeyman have been consistent performers at Under-23 level .
Will this be the year some of them break into the first team on a regular basis ? Jordan Pickford , Lynden Gooch and Duncan Watmore have proved it is possible .
This would have been a big year for Watmore , having established himself as a regular in the Premier League could he then kick on to the next level ?
A season-ending injury means we wo n't see him in action again until pre-season .
Watmore will bounce back and it will be interesting to see which – if any – of the next crop prove they too can make the grade . They will certainly get the opportunity under Moyes .
The Scot endured a tough start at Sunderland but has turned it around with strong leadership and clear signs of improvement .
Can Sunderland ensure 2017 is a year to remember for all the right reasons for a change ?
Buckle up , it will be one hell of a ride .
TOKYO — A strong earthquake late Friday shook northeastern Japan off the coast of Fukushima , the region hit by a massive quake and tsunami in 2011 that triggered a nuclear plant meltdown , but there were no reports of damage or injuries .
The Japan Meteorological Agency said there was no danger of a tsunami . It said the quake struck at about midnight and measured a preliminary magnitude of 5.9 . It was centred about 50 kilometres ( 30 miles ) below the ocean 's surface , it said .
The shaking was felt 240 kilometres ( 150 miles ) away in Tokyo , Japan 's capital . Public broadcaster NHK said local trains stopped temporarily for safety checks but then resumed service .
The utility that operates the wrecked Fukushima nuclear plant said it was conducting safety checks .
RIO DE JANEIRO ( AP ) — Former Brazil goalkeeper Julio Cesar says he will return to boyhood club Flamengo and end his career there in three months .
The 2010 Champions League winner with Inter Milan says `` I hope I can enjoy those three months with the fans so we can close this chapter with a happy ending . ''
The 38-year-old Julio Cesar was a starter for Brazil at the last two World Cups . He played in the 7-1 loss to Germany in the 2014 semifinals .
Julio Cesar , who also had spells at Queens Park Rangers and Toronto FC , says he does n't expect to play much for the club he left 13 years ago for Inter .
A free-for-all involving hundreds of participants armed with pillows took place Tuesday evening in San Francisco as part of an annual Valentine 's Day tradition.The Great San Francisco Valentine 's Day Pillow Fight commenced at 6 p.m. at Justin Herman Plaza , where crowds of strangers playfully smacked each other with pillows.According to a flyer for the event , participants were asked to only hit others armed with pillows , unless of course they ask to be hit.Organizers have also asked pillow-fighters to consider bringing synthetic pillows , since pillows containing feathers are less durable and create more of a mess.The San Francisco Department of Public Works , working with the city 's Recreation and Park Department , is responsible for cleaning up the mess left by the unsanctioned event . `` Public works will have a crew to clean the feathery mess after the fight , '' DPW spokeswoman Rachel Gordon said.Crews will begin cleaning up at 9 p.m. and go into the overnight hours , if necessary . The crews will then return in the morning to check if more cleaning up is needed , according to Gordon.However , event goers are being encouraged to not ruffle any feathers and to try to clean up after themselves.Because it 's Valentine 's Day , `` one thing we ask is for people to remember to love San Francisco and to not trash it , '' Gordon said.Cleanup costs for the event are normally as much as $ 5,000 , according to Gordon .
Bad UX : Apple Watch
When the first Apple Watch came out , I was so excited to try it out ; a year later , I 'm less than hopeful about the future of the Apple Watch , or smartwatches at all . This comes down to a fundamental usability pattern that makes it less convenient : it takes two hands to use it .
I have the iPhone 7+ and I had the iPhone 6S+ . As large as those screens are , they still allow me to use them with one hand . Although Reachability is a feature that lacks conviction , apps like Gboard have made one handed typing a pleasurable experience . Snapchat relies on a swipe based interface ( vs. a tap based interface ) that allows you to take advantage of the large screen real estate without having to stretch to reach the very top of the screen , for the most part . I 'm certain other apps will recognize the benefits of having the majority of interactive zones toward the bottom of the screen as time goes on .
I can send a text with one hand . I can start a workout or call an Uber with one hand . I can control Homekit with one hand . I believe Apple has tried to make these things hands free with Siri , but Siri is often slow to respond and quick to misinterpret . In addition , I do n't want to respond to text messages or announce an Uber in public ; it 's pretentious and often just a private event .
Apple has essentially created a miniature , less efficient iPhone that lives on your wrist . The most efficient thing it can do is biometric tracking and notifications . I think if Apple were to go back to the drawing board , they 'd recognize the benefit of those niche abilities . Imagine an Apple Watch that was more gesture and vibration based .
Last night , I was delighted to feel the subtle popping of fireworks in iMessage . Even without sound , this felt closer to a real fireworks experience than watching a video . It is n't necessarily the auditory feedback , but the tactile feedback , that evoked the memory of fireworks , moving the animation from cheesy to meaningful . That 's the incredible power of the Taptic Engine . And it is n't the first time that I 've experienced it . When scrolling through the datepicker or the subtle , yet solid , thunk of the notification tray hitting the bottom of the phone , the Taptic Engine enhanced the experience tremendously .
This is n't the same Taptic Engine from the 6S , either . The first version was lacking in emotion and followthrough . This feels…authentic . But did n't it all start out in the Apple Watch ?
Yes . I have the first generation Apple Watch Sport , so I ca n't affirm whether or not there are significant improvements to the tactile experience in the Series 1 and Series 2 , but I do know that the concept of gestures has not been introduced to the wearable , yet . Imagine slowly rotating your wrist and feeling subtle haptic feedback , like opening a combination lock . This on its own is n't enough , but in combination with the self awareness that the Internet of Things brings , it can be incredibly meaningful .
You walk into your living room . The Watch instantly recognizes the room you 're in and that your Apple TV has just turned on . You raise your hand and flick your wrist . Slowly you rotate your wrist and your lights cycle through scenes or your hand works as a dimmer . Maybe you scroll through the air , controlling your Apple TV — because even though the screen is across the room , the Taptic Engine allows you to feel as though you are touching the screen .
The amount of gestures may seem limited , at first , but this is where biometrics comes into play . Companies like Thalmic Labs and Vi-Band have built products on the principle muscular electrical impulses . Imagine this being integrated into an Apple Watch . Suddenly the gestures are endless and the interactions infinite . From starting your car , pulling up your wallet , controlling your TV , and turning on your lights , your Apple Watch is now your keys , cash , remote , and light switch .
For now , the Apple Watch demands attention from both hands . Neither hand can be free and the myriad of bands is like shopping for your own shackles .
MUSIC : Peace Pacifik – Egwu Nga ( Prod . Tee Y Mix )
Peace aka Pacifik is back again with another banging tune , after the huge success of her previous singles SWEETY LOVI and FALL YAKATA which gathered fans and accolades all over She calls this one EGWU NGA which means the Dance of pride or rather the Dance of confidence
The beat produced by Tee -Y MIX will make you take pride in our culture and heritage and the lyrics makes Peace to stand out and thereby positioning her as one of the best African artists yet to look out for…
Watch this space guys…This lady has got a whole lot more !
Enjoy !
https : //www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Peace-Pacifik-Egwu-Nga.mp3
Note : There is a file embedded within this post , please visit this post to download the file .
The post MUSIC : Peace Pacifik – Egwu Nga ( Prod . Tee Y Mix ) appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK ( 1010 WINS ) — “ Happy wife , happy life . ”
It 's a phrase that helps keep the peace in many households , but for Ethan Hawke the saying helped him get on board for his latest role in “ Maudie , ” a biopic about Canadian folk artists Maude Lewis .
“ I was actually doing a play , and when you 're doing a play I would come home from work at like 11:30 at night , right ? So the house is really quiet , everybody 's asleep . And my wife was at the dining room table just with tears coming down her face , ” Hawke tells 1010 WINS . “ I was like , ‘ What is it ? ' She says , ‘ You have to do this movie . ' And I was like , ‘ OK , I 'll read it . ' She says , ‘ No , I did n't say read it , I said you have to do it . ' And I was like , ‘ alright , alright . ' ”
“ But then I did read it and I did love it , ” he says .
Hawke and his co-star Sally Hawkins say the movie is truly unique .
Hawke : “ I 'll be really interested to see what people make out of it . ”
Hawkins : “ Because it 's so small , comparatively , there are so many films out there and big , big films that get a lot of… ”
Hawke : “ …that make a lot of noise . ”
So there 's no Captain America in this one ?
Hawkins : “ They 're superheroes in their own way . ”
Hawke : “ It would be interested if he did come in . The whole movie takes place in this tiny little shack that they live in – it 's like nine feet by nine feet . If Captain American were to come in there , his shield would take up a lot of space . ”
Hawkins : “ Yeah it would . You 'd know about it . ”
Hawke : “ Hard to hide it . ”
While there wo n't be any traditional superheroes in this one , Hawks says his wife found it refreshing to see a movie with such a triumphant story centered around a female lead .
According to the Center for Responsive Politics , payday lenders have contributed more than $ 13 million to members of Congress since 2010 , with the majority of that money going to Republicans who have made it a priority to roll back the financial regulations put in place by President Barack Obama after the financial crisis . That includes Mr. Mulvaney , who received nearly $ 63,000 for his campaigns from payday lending groups .
Mr. Mulvaney said that the donations were not an issue “ because I am not in elected office anymore . ”
The payday lending industry is cheering Mr. Mulvaney 's approach .
“ He seems extremely reasonable , ” said W. Allan Jones , a founder of one of the industry 's top lobbying groups who operate about 900 payday lending stores across the country . “ He 's figured this thing out that they 've overstepped their bounds . ”
Mr. Jones , the chief executive of the Tennessee-based Check Into Cash chain of payday lenders , has been scaling back his payday loan empire in recent years . He laid off about 300 employees last year , bringing his work force to about 3,000 . This year he plans to shutter 100 more stores , despite the changes happening at the consumer bureau , because it remains unclear how far the move to deregulate the industry will go and because state lending laws have become increasingly strict .
Photo
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , which was born out of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act , immediately seized on the payday lending industry as one of its first targets , opening a complaint database , initiating investigations , filing lawsuits and formulating rules to prevent lenders from preying on consumers . According to the consumer agency , it has pursued more than 20 public enforcement actions against small-dollar lenders , many of which have resulted in large settlements .
The crackdown has had an effect . According to data from the Center for Financial Services Information , annual payday lending revenue dropped to $ 5.3 billion in 2017 , from $ 9.2 billion in 2012 . The number of payday loan stores dropped from a peak of 24,043 in 2007 , to 16,480 in 2015 , according to a recent report published by the consumer bureau .
The industry has long been a presence on Capitol Hill , but it spied an opening after Mr. Trump 's election and the Republican takeover of Congress . The industry pushed lawmakers to repeal the consumer bureau 's 2017 payday lending rule by using the Congressional Review Act to essentially kill it . A bipartisan group of lawmakers has sponsored such a resolution , though its viability remains uncertain . Since Mr. Trump 's election , the payday lending lobby has also made its voice heard at the consumer bureau , flooding the agency with comments expressing opposition to the payday rule .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And lenders have poured money into the coffers of influential Republican lawmakers . Lobbying donations peaked in 2012 , when the bureau began to make payday lending a priority and have leveled off in the last year . Among the biggest recipients have been Representative Jeb Hensarling of Texas , the Republican chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , and Senator Mike Crapo of Idaho , the Republican chairman of the Senate Banking Committee .
In December , Mr. Hensarling , who has long accused the consumer bureau of overreach , said that “ no unelected Washington bureaucrat ” should be able to stop Americans from taking out the short-term loan that they wanted .
Payday lenders have also looked for inroads with the president . A lender based in Ohio , Community Choice Financial , was one of the first clients of Corey Lewandowski , Mr. Trump 's first campaign manager , who started a Washington consulting business last year . Over the summer , Mr. Lewandowski called on Mr. Trump in a television interview to fire Mr. Cordray .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
In the spring , the industry will spend four days networking at the Trump National Doral Golf Club , which has event spaces like the Donald J. Trump Grand Ballroom and the Ivanka Trump Ballroom . Mr. Shaul said his group began looking at the Trump property as a potential site for its spring meeting well before the 2016 presidential election and ultimately chose it because it was cheaper than other East Coast resorts .
“ We began an analysis well ahead of Trump 's election , ” Mr. Shaul said , adding that the decision had not been entirely well received by members . “ There 's quite a division of people who thought this is not a good thing to do and those who did . ”
“ We are n't ashamed of it either , ” he said of the decision . “ We made it largely on economic terms . ”
The payday industry is just one of many groups holding events at Trump properties in the wake of the election . The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is holding an event for “ an elite group ” of its members at the Trump National Doral in March , according to its website .
Photo
To consumer advocates , the defanging of the consumer bureau is the epitome of pay-to-play .
“ They aggressively lobby against anything that goes against the debt trap nature of their business model , ” said Diane Standaert , the director of state policy at the Center for Responsible Lending . “ It 's been fierce . ”
Consumer advocates and Democrats say they are worried that the industry 's lobbying will backfire by allowing less reputable payday lenders to prey on the most vulnerable Americans — the exact people Mr. Trump vowed to protect .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ Payday lenders are clearly watching this with bated breath , ” said José Alcoff , manager of the Stop the Debt Trap campaign at Americans for Financial Reform . “ I think this is clearly a case where the system is getting more and more rigged , where they have , as they say , the fox in charge of the henhouse . ”
Watching the transition from afar has also not been easy for Mr. Cordray , who has taken to Twitter of late to express his outrage over the new direction of the bureau . Now a Democratic candidate for governor of Ohio , Mr. Cordray said he was stunned by how swiftly his successor tried to undo the bureau 's work . He warns that Mr. Mulvaney 's actions were misguided .
“ I 'm surprised to see any efforts aggressively to roll back efforts to rein in payday lending , because we had done extensive research on how these loans lead many people into debt traps that ruin their financial lives , ” Mr. Cordray said .
Mr. Cordray remained hopeful that after reviewing the consumer complaint data , Mr. Mulvaney could come to see some of the value in rigorous oversight of payday lenders .
So far , that seems unlikely . In a memo last month to the bureau 's staff , Mr. Mulvaney made clear that he would be shifting the priorities of the agency to take into account the business impact of rules . He cited statistics that showed payday lending represents a sliver of total consumer complaints , signaling that the industry would not be a priority .
Payday lenders and their lobbyists say the industry supports regulation but said the previous approach was stifling lending to people who need help .
“ This product is demand driven , ” Mr. Shaul said . “ It is n't that people met in the middle of the night to say let 's put together a payday loan and see how it does . ”
Mr. Shaul added that the payday lobby was not trying to buy off lawmakers or please the president .
“ $ 65,000 over five or six years for Mulvaney ? ” he said . “ That 's not a hell of a lot of influence on an annual basis . ”
RICHMOND , Va. — Virginia 's attorney general says that a state law prohibiting the concealment of dead bodies does not apply to stillborn fetuses .
Attorney General Mark Herring issued an official opinion Wednesday in the case of a Virginia woman who was convicted and sentenced to five months in jail for disposing of a fetus that had died in her womb and led to a miscarriage in 2016 .
The Virginia Court of Appeals recently upheld the woman 's conviction .
The Washington Post reports that Herring acknowledged his office made a mistake by arguing in a brief that Katherine Dellis ' conviction should be upheld . Herring said he disagreed with the decision , but the case was never brought to his attention .
In his opinion , Herring wrote that the state legislature never intended the statute to apply to the remains of stillborn babies .
Harvey Weinstein is indicted by New York grand jury in rape case . ( Source : Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP )
By JENNIFER PELTZ
Associated Press
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Harvey Weinstein was indicted Wednesday on rape and criminal sex act charges , furthering the first criminal case to arise from a slate of sexual misconduct allegations against the former movie mogul .
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said the indictment brings Weinstein `` another step closer to accountability '' for alleged attacks on two women in New York .
Weinstein 's lawyer , Benjamin Brafman , said he would `` vigorously defend '' against the indictment and ask a court to dismiss it . He called the allegations `` unsupported '' and reiterated that Weinstein strongly denies them .
The indictment came hours after Weinstein 's lawyer said the film producer would decline to testify before the grand jury because there was n't enough time to prepare him and `` political pressure '' made an indictment unavoidable .
`` Regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein 's personal testimony might be , an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein , '' the statement said .
Weinstein , 66 , learned of the specific charges and the accusers ' identities only after turning himself on Friday , according to his lawyers . Brafman said that with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon for Weinstein to testify or not , prosecutors denied his request for more time .
Vance said the Weinstein camp 's `` recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable . ''
`` We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence , it will reject these attacks out of hand , '' Vance said in a statement .
Weinstein was charged Friday with raping one woman and committing a criminal sex act by compelling oral sex from another . A grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case , as it had been doing for weeks .
Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury 's secret proceedings but often do n't , for various reasons .
Freed on $ 1 million bail and electronic monitoring , he is due back in court July 30 , though that date may now be moved up in light of the indictment .
Beyond the two women involved in the case , dozens more women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales .
He has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex , and Brafman said Tuesday that Weinstein was `` confident he 's going to clear his name '' in the New York prosecution .
Brafman called the rape allegation `` absurd , '' saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long , consensual sexual relationship that began before and continued after the alleged 2013 attack .
The woman , who has n't been identified publicly , told investigators that Weinstein confined her in a hotel room and raped her .
The other accuser in the case , former actress Lucia Evans , has gone public with her account of Weinstein forcing her to perform oral sex at his office in 2004 . The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly .
Vance , a Democrat , came under public pressure from women 's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015 , when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped her during a meeting .
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded herself confronting Weinstein and him apologizing for his conduct . But Vance decided there was n't enough evidence to bring charges .
Gov . Andrew Cuomo , also a Democrat , ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
6 dead in London tower block fire
Police said Wednesday that six people have been confirmed dead in a huge fire at a London tower block and the death toll is expected to rise . Fire engulfed the 24-storey block of flats in central London in the early hours of Wednesday . No fewer than 50 people were injured and some residents were trapped inside the towering inferno .
This post was syndicated from The NEWS . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Country stars are coming out in full force to be a part of 1 Night . 1 Place . 1 Time : A Heroes & Friends Tribute to Randy Travis on Feb. 8 at Nashville 's Bridgestone Arena .
Travis Tritt , Kane Brown , James Dupre , Scotty McCreery , Joe Nichols , Collin Raye , The Bellamy Brothers and Ricky Traywick have been added to the already stellar lineup that includes Alabama , Kenny Rogers , Rodney Atkins , Chris Janson , Jamey Johnson , Montgomery Gentry , Michael Ray , Ricky Skaggs , Michael W. Smith , The Randy Travis Band , Tanya Tucker and Josh Turner .
More artists will be announced in the coming weeks .
After suffering a massive stroke in 2013 , Randy has made remarkable strides toward recovery , recently singing “ Amazing Grace ” at his Country Music Hall of Fame induction ceremony in October as well as the tagline to his iconic “ Forever and Ever , Amen ” at the 2016 CMA Awards in November . A portion of the proceeds of the tribute concert will go to the Randy Travis Foundation , a nonprofit that raises money for stroke research and rehabilitation .
Tickets are on sale now at all Ticketmaster locations and the Bridgestone Arena box office .
HAMILTON , Ohio — An Ohio teenager who pleaded guilty to fatally shooting her father has been sentenced to juvenile prison until she 's 21 .
The 15-year-old was sentenced on Monday in Butler County Juvenile Court . She pleaded guilty last month to a murder charge . She originally was charged with aggravated murder .
Authorities say the teen loaded a handgun and shot her 71-year-old father in the face in February 2017 at the family 's home in Hamilton , roughly 30 miles ( 48 kilometres ) north of Cincinnati . Authorities say she told 911 dispatchers that she shot him .
Her attorney says the girl accepts responsibility . A motive has n't been offered .
The judge says the teen could serve several years to life in adult prison if she does n't behave in juvenile prison .
The Associated Press generally does n't name juveniles charged with crimes .
April 20 was the 19th anniversary of the Columbine High School shooting . This year another anniversary went unremarked or remembered -- the 25th anniversary of the government shootings at the Branch Davidian complex in Waco , Texas .
In Waco , Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms agents and Texas Rangers killed 80 people in one day . Those who did not die from gunshots were burned to death . The ATF agents lobbed so much tear gas into the Branch Davidian buildings they went up in flames .
So who sent the ATF agents on the mission and why ? Janet Reno , Bill Clinton 's attorney general , believed children were being abused . She wanted to `` save '' them . ( To this day , no hard evidence exists to show child abuse was occurring ) . Reno gave the order to attack . 80 people died .
The siege at Waco is not the only instance of the U.S. government killing people in order to `` protect . '' How about the FBI killing of Lavoy Finnicum in Oregon in 2016 ? Finnicum was , according to the FBI , grazing his cattle on federal property . There are even more instances of government gun violence , but not enough space for their citation .
It appears to my eyes that the U.S. government is a far greater perpetrator of gun violence than is one individual who shoots adolescents in high schools . Looks like American citizens would be better served if the U.S. government did less `` protecting . ''
Amy C. Korzeniewski
Stewartsville
Light weight 300wm build . Thoughts ? Have a Remington 700 sps in 300wm . Ordered a short chambered Christensen arms carbon barrel and a McMillan game hunter edge fill stock . I have just over $ 1,100 into the barrel and stock , barrel just needs head spaced and finished reamed from what I understand . $ 200- $ 300 you think ? Still trying to find a good smith to do the work . Think the Christensen barrel is worth it ? Read a lot of mixed reviews but for $ 580 I figured I would give it a try ..... could n't see swinging $ 800 for a proof research . Any thoughts ? ?
Cox Charities will award $ 50,000 in grants to Orange County nonprofit organizations to support initiatives that focus on youth , education , conservation and the military .
Applications are being accepted online , and must be submitted by Friday , Sept. 1 .
Cox Charities , a philanthropic section of Cox Communications , is funded by employee donations that are matched by the company .
To apply for the grant , organizations must be a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit , must be located or provide services in Orange County , must show measurable results from the program and complete a post grant evaluation form , and must provide information on program outreach components including website and social media .
To submit an application , visit www.coxcharitiesca.org .
6 000 Spree Customers Have Been Waiting Weeks For Delivery And They 're Freaking Out
Eish .
It 's not lekker when a local business performs poorly , disappointing thousands of its customers .
When staffing problems at Spree 's Johannesburg warehouse “ caused orders to be delayed for weeks , ” according to MyBroadband , it 's estimated around 6 000 customers ' orders were – and still are – backlogged .
It will apparently take another week to get everything in order .
When customers attempted to contact the company for an explanation , “ the Spree Team ” apologised for the delivery failure‚ and explained that the order was “ still part of a backlog of orders that we are busy processing at our warehouse ” .
However , many others did n't receive any emails at all .
The mayhem began around the end of May , and disgruntled customers were soon forced to take out their frustration on the online fashion store 's social platforms .
And get this : throughout this period , Spree continued to post advertising content and ‘ lookbook ' tips on their Facebook page – without once mentioning what was going on , other than in sporadic replies to complaints .
It finally took them around 12 days to reply to the rest of the complaints :
Not a good look , hey ?
These days , an online retailer 's Facebook page is used as more than just a self-advertising platform . You need to show your customers you care through legit community management – and that means telling them why their order is taking longer than the one day they paid for .
Eventually , however , Spree posted a stand-alone apology . Kind of :
Yes , that was 20 hours ago – and we suspect it only happened after Times LIVE caught hold of the story . Responding to their query‚ Spree 's head of brand marketing‚ Kim Hawkins‚ said :
“ [ T ] he company 's ( unnamed ) service provider had made changes to its staffing component in the warehouse‚ causing delays in the fulfilment of orders . “ We were aware of the planned changes‚ but we were not expecting the ramifications to the extent that we 're experiencing at the moment . “ We share our customers ' frustration as our service provider has n't been able to give an accurate estimate for deliveries… ” she said . “ We are so sorry for the inconvenience caused to our customers as a result . It is not the experience that we want our customers to have‚ and we are working very hard to rectify the mistakes and get the orders delivered . ”
Transparency is key , people , and clearly the banner they placed on the top of their page did nothing to warn customers :
It 's interesting that you can order a product online , from a site that does n't deliver to South Africa nogal , and the team at Postbox Courier will have it delivered to your address in SA within a week .
Just a little food for thought .
[ source : mybroadband ]
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Getty Image
President Trump 's repeated use of the name “ Pocahontas ” to refer to Sen. Elizabeth Warren has frequently been noted by Native American tribes as hugely disrespectful and then some , so , the next bit of news probably wo n't be received well . That is , Trump administration may soon further degrade its relationship with the Native American community by requiring tribe members to work in order to access Medicaid benefits .
Several tribal leaders have pushed for exemptions to the new work requirement rules for Medicaid coverage , but the Trump administration wants to go against centuries-old policies . Via Politico :
But the Trump administration contends the tribes are a race rather than separate governments , and exempting them from Medicaid work rules — which have been approved in three states and are being sought by at least 10 others — would be illegal preferential treatment . “ HHS believes that such an exemption would raise constitutional and federal civil rights law concerns , ” according to a review by administration lawyers .
The tribes , however , have countered that they are constitutionally protected from these Medicaid requirements because they 're separate governments , which was recognized by treaties signed by George Washington and further affirmed by Presidents Clinton , Bush , and Obama . Yet Health and Human Services has reportedly rejected entreaties by the tribes for these exemptions .
According to several sources who spoke with Politico , the rejections were driven by political appointees in Health and Human Services ' general counsel and civil rights offices .
( Via Politico )
FYI – [ A background detail ] President Trump is currently meeting with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in the White House for an in-person debrief following T. rex 's G-7 trip to Italy and later visit to Moscow where the Secretary met Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov for 5 hours and Russian President Vladimir Putin for more than two hours .
At 2:00pm Press Secretary Sean Spicer is anticipated to give the latest White House Press Briefing :
White House Link – Alternate Live Stream Link
Advertisements
CINCINNATI — Police near Cincinnati say the mother of a 10-month-old girl sat her down in a car seat on a driveway and then apparently forgot she was there and backed a vehicle over the child , who later died .
Police say it appears to be a tragic accident that occurred midday Tuesday in Union Township , just east of Cincinnati in Clermont County .
Township police say the woman left her younger child on the driveway while tending to an older child in the vehicle , then started to drive and hit the younger child . Police say the girl was rushed by helicopter to a children 's hospital but died Tuesday evening .
Investigators have n't publicly identified the family involved . The incident remains under investigation .
Getty Image
Soon after the news of comedian Ralphie May 's death at the age of 45 broke on Friday , his fellow comics , many comedy clubs he 'd performed at , and other stand-up aficionados and fans paid tribute to the Last Comic Standing star online . May , who was at the beginning of a new nationwide tour , suffered a fatal cardiac arrest in a private residence in Las Vegas . His body was found Friday morning , mere hours after the comedian had performed one of several shows at Harrah 's . In a statement posted by May 's official Twitter account , his representatives wrote “ [ w ] e are heartbroken to announce the untimely death of our friend . ”
“ Two days ago he won the Casino Comedian of the Year at the Global Gaming Expo , ” the statement continued . “ [ He ] had performances throughout the remainder of 2017 as part of his residency at Harrah 's Las Vegas . ”
May , who broke out with several successful performances during the first season of NBC 's Last Comic Standing in 2003 , rose up in the ranks with many other wonderful comedians . Amy Schumer , Iliza Shlesinger , Felipe Esparza and more were all a part of the crop of comics who appearances on the program propelled them into the 2010s . Hence why so many of them ( and others ) reacted to the new of May 's death on Twitter and elsewhere .
It was a fun summer with you n biscuit . Safe next gig . Miss the shit out of you already . Xoxo n # RIP @ Ralphie_May pic.twitter.com/MMmvlQjnA9 — Kathleen Madigan ( @ kathleenmadigan ) October 6 , 2017
Ralphie May . Dammit . You were a funny and sweet mofo man . Rest In Peace . — bob saget ( @ bobsaget ) October 6 , 2017
This hurts too much . @ Ralphie_May helped me so much . Rest In Peace . Thank you for all the love you have given me . Thank you for everything . — Ken Jeong ( @ kenjeong ) October 6 , 2017
Damn . RIP Ralphie May . Comic warrior . — marc maron ( @ marcmaron ) October 6 , 2017
NO ! # RalphieMay was such a nice guy ! Last time we talked backstage at @ zaniesnashville I promised to put him in the Jay/Bob movie . Dammit… https : //t.co/zrljotClGr — KevinSmith ( @ ThatKevinSmith ) October 6 , 2017
Two killed in Lagos cult clash
Two persons were killed yesterday in a cult clash at Olayiwola area of Oworonshoki , Lagos State . This happened just as police arrested two robbery suspects who disguised as commercial bus operators at Isheri area of the state .
The Oworonshoki cult war has continued unabated since April , with at least six persons reportedly killed by suspected cultists .
Although the names of the deceased were unknown , the spokesman of the state police command , Olarinde Famous-Cole , an Assistant Superintendent of Police ( ASP ) , said their bodies have been evacuated and deposited at a mortuary .
According to some residents , the police in the area did not come to prevent the killing until the lives of two persons were sniffed out and several others injured . They only showed up to evacuate the bodies of the deceased .
Famous-Cole said hoodlums disturbing the peace of the area engaged themselves in a free for all , adding that two police teams have been deployed to the area .
On the arrest of the robbery suspects , Famous-Cole said they were dispossessing road users of their valuables when they were intercepted on Otedola Bridge . He said the suspects rode in a commercial bus marked EKY452XJ , adding that they were chased through Alausa .
According to him , N125,000 cash and two mobile phones were recovered from the suspects , identified as Solomon Oniosun and Idowu Ibrahim . Famous-Cole said other members of the gang were at large , adding that the arrested suspects would be charged to court .
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SEATTLE — Robinson Chirinos ' tiebreaking two-run double in the seventh inning capped another late-inning rally , and the Texas Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 7-6 on Wednesday night .
The Rangers did damage in back-to-back nights against a wild and ineffective Seattle bullpen , which surrendered five runs in the sixth and seventh innings .
Delino DeShields ( walk ) and Shin-Soo Choo ( single ) reached base for Texas to open the seventh against right-hander Ryan Cook .
Two batters later , Nomar Mazara greeted left-hander Marc Rzepczynski with a sharp two-run single to centre field to tie the game at 5-all . Rzepczynski ( 0-1 ) walked Jurickson Profar and Joey Gallo before he was pulled .
Against Juan Nicasio , Seattle 's third pitcher of the inning , Chirinos lined a hit off Ryon Healy 's glove at first base , easily scoring the go-ahead runs .
A night after walking eight Rangers hitters , Seattle pitchers issued seven walks Wednesday night .
It was the Rangers ' first back-to-back wins on the road since taking the first two games of a series in Toronto , April 27-28 . Right-hander Tony Barnette ( 1-0 ) picked up his first win of the season in relief of Matt Moore . Keone Kela earned his 12th save , giving up an RBI single in the ninth to Nelson Cruz .
KELA SETTLING IN AS CLOSER
Kela , who graduated from nearby Chief Sealth High School in Seattle , had registered four consecutive scoreless outings in the past week before Wednesday . He has become the team 's primary ninth-inning option .
“ I had to grow into it , ” Kela said . “ I 've always enjoyed pitching in high-pressure situations — the defining moments . ”
Fellow relievers rave about Kela 's explosive fastball and dancing curveball .
“ His heater , I feel like jumps . or hops , ” Texas left-hander Jake Diekman said . “ His curveball is 12-6 ( in direction ) and super hard . He 's always had a killer instinct . ”
Kela was drafted in the 29th round by his hometown Mariners in 2011 , but did not sign . Instead , he spent one season at Everett Community College before the Rangers drafted him in the 12th round a year later .
“ I like coming to Seattle , but I do n't ever get to be here during the times I enjoy it , ” said Kela , whose mother and sister still live in the area . “ The best time is when I am playing ball , so I do n't get to enjoy the city as much as I 'd like to . ”
FIRST BASE FOR GAMEL ?
After the Mariners acquired left fielder Denard Span in a trade with Tampa Bay on Friday , manager Scott Servais noted that outfielder Ben Gamel could see action at first base with Healy .
Gamel played one game at first base last season .
“ I took a lot of early work there last year , ” Gamel said . “ But nothing this year . It is something I obviously need to get work in at . ”
As the fourth outfielder , Gamel said he is willing to try anything to stay in the lineup .
ROSTER RESHUFFLE
Rangers : To clear room for Moore on Wednesday , the team optioned Austin Bibens-Dirkx to Triple-A Round Rock . . Despite being 8 for 22 ( .364 ) in his past five games and hitting a bases-clearing double in the ninth inning Tuesday , second baseman Rougned Odor was out of the starting lineup Wednesday . Manager Kevin Banister said it was just a planned rest day .
Mariners : After taking his second loss Tuesday , closer Edwin Diaz was unavailable to pitch Wednesday . He has pitched in six of the team 's past eight games . Recently acquired Alex Colome would have pitched in a save situation , Servais said .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Rangers : Third-baseman Adrian Beltre ( hamstring ) took extended batting practice and running sprints Wednesday , as well as fielding ground balls as he gets closer to coming off the 10-day disabled list . Banister would not give a definitive date on when he would return to the lineup . Beltre did disclose that the plan once he 's back is in the first few weeks , he would play one game in the field , then serve as the designated hitter or take the next day off . “ It makes sense , ” Beltre said . “ The last couple of times I got injured were in day games ( after a night game ) . ”
Mariners : Backup catcher Chris Herrmann tweaked his rib cage during batting practice Tuesday , and was placed on the 10-day DL an hour before first pitch Wednesday . David Freitas , who was in Triple-A Tacoma , was already with the team , just in case a move was made . . Right-hander Hisashi Iwakuma ( shoulder ) had his batting-practice throwing session delayed yet another day Wednesday with a stiff neck .
UP NEXT
Rangers : Left-hander Mike Minor ( 4-3 , 5.63 ERA ) has a team-high four wins . And even though he has had an awful May ( 2-2 , 6.91 ERA this month ) , he won his last start in Kansas City on Friday . He has two no-decisions already against the Mariners this season .
Mariners : What a roll left-hander Wade LeBlanc ( 0-0 , 2.70 ERA ) has been on since he joined the rotation . In his five starts , he has given up just five runs in 26 1/3 innings pitched ( 1.71 ERA ) . The most he 's given up in any start is two runs . This will be his first career start against Texas .
——
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
An art structure in Burlington will catch the sun 's rays & likely your attention
“ The Portal ” was being installed today off Brant street and it 's designed in a way to connect Burlington and Oakville .
The two panes of glass that make up The Portal art installation are 10 feet in diameter , and weigh a combined 3200 pounds .
“ Portal is an interactive sculpture for the City of Burlington . During the day it acts as a time piece , as the sun revolves around the sculpture the patterns of light reflected on the ground change. ” Brad Hindson , Studio F Minus .
Artist Brad Hindson is installing the portal over the next few days , it 's purpose is to connect Burlington and Oakville in a way .
“ The inspiration of this piece speaks to connecting the two cities , when you look into it you can see behind you , but forward as well . ”
The second pane of glass is expected to be installed tomorrow and lights will be connected by the weekend .
The sculpture is a small piece of a $ 2 million project in downtown Burlington .
GYMPIE athlete Adam Cross will appear in the debut season of reality television show Australian Spartan which is set to air later this year .
The 33-year-old father of two , who predominately trains from a garage on his Gympie property , made the announcement via Facebook this afternoon .
The former James Nash State School student is touted as one of Gympie 's best all-round athletes and has represented Queensland in both football and athletics before turning his attention to fitness-based sport Crossfit in recent years .
Adam Cross Contributed
The Australian Spartan format follows a similar line to successful TV series Australian Ninja Warrior .
Athletes , in teams of three , are required to negotiate a seemingly impossible obstacle course all while trying to get across the finish line in the shortest time possible .
The series is set to be hosted by well-known TV personalities Edwina Bartholomew and Hamish McLachlan , while former rugby league and rugby union star Wendell Sailor will cameo as a sideline commentator .
Wendell Sailor is the sideline reporter for Channel 7 's new show Australian Spartan . Supplied by Seven .
Cross has teamed up with former Gympie Gymnasts Andrew badger and Jessica Post for the upcoming show presented by the Seven Network .
Standing in the dappled shade of a driveway hundreds of miles from Charlottesville , Va. , Mark Heyer spoke of the violence that claimed his daughter 's life — and , with voice occasionally quavering , called on people to answer hate with forgiveness .
`` My daughter was a strong woman that had passionate opinions about the equality of everyone — and she tried to stand up for that , '' the Sharpes , Fla. , resident told Florida Today in a videotaped interview . `` With her , it was n't lip service . It was real . ''
Just two days earlier , a driver rammed a car into a group of people protesting a white supremacist rally , killing Heyer 's daughter Heather , 32 , and wounding 19 other people . Federal authorities have opened a civil rights investigation into the attack , saying `` such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred . ''
The man allegedly behind the wheel , James Alex Fields Jr. , had long harbored sympathies for Nazi ideas , according to a former teacher . Fields has been charged with one count of second-degree murder , three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and-run .
But the hatred espoused by white supremacists and others in Charlottesville this weekend must not be met with a response that 's `` twisted into something negative '' in its own right , Mark Heyer told the local newspaper .
`` People need to stop hating , and they need to forgive each other . And I include myself in that , in forgiving the guy that did this , '' he said . `` He does n't know any better . You know , I just think of what the Lord said on the cross . Lord forgive him , they do n't know what they 're doing . ''
In this respect , he said he aspires to follow his daughter 's example .
`` You know , my daughter 's life — she 's ... '' he paused , searching for words . `` I 'm proud of her for standing up . She had more courage than I did . She had more courage than I did . She had a stubborn backbone . She thought she was right . She would stand there and defy you .
`` But if I understand her , '' he added , `` she wanted to do it peacefully and with a fierceness of heart that comes with her conviction . ''
In interviews with multiple media outlets over the weekend , Heather 's mother , Susan Bro , also praised the way her daughter balanced peaceful efforts with a `` very strong sense of right and wrong . ''
`` It was important to her to speak up for people that she felt were not being heard , to speak up when injustices were happening , '' Bro said , `` and she saw in the lives of many of her African-American friends particularly and her gay friends that equal rights were not being given . ''
One day after the violent gathering that saw protesters and counterprotesters punching and kicking one another — and later saw Heather Heyer killed , along with two state troopers whose helicopter crashed — peaceful protests took shape in cities across the U.S . In Seattle and New York City , Atlanta and in Grand Rapids , Mich. , demonstrators sought to respond to the message promulgated in Charlottesville and , in the words of one protester , `` resist it fearlessly . ''
`` I hope that her life and what has transpired changes people 's hearts , '' Mark Heyer said . `` You can fight all you want and fuss and cuss and do all that stuff , but when you take your last breath , it 's over . It 's done !
`` You 're going to take away what a person has and everything else they 're going to have . There is no more — not here , you know , '' he added . `` And that 's — that 's pretty much all I got , brother . ''
BB Naija Finalist , Marvis Dressed As Royalty As She Arrives Hometown Alongside Bisola & Kemen
Big brother Naija housemate , Marvis NkP0 * nwi visited her state , Rivers state today and was accompanied by Bisola and Kemen . They have all been received in her community , Onne , where her dad is the community King . BBNaija star and Princess Marvis pictured dressed in her usual royalty as she arrives her home in Rivers state.She was …
The post BB Naija Finalist , Marvis Dressed As Royalty As She Arrives Hometown Alongside Bisola & Kemen appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CARSON , Calif. — Ryan Hollingshead had a goal and an assist , helping FC Dallas beat the Los Angeles Galaxy 3-2 on Wednesday night .
Dallas ( 6-1-5 ) is unbeaten in its last six games against Los Angeles ( 5-7-1 ) .
FC Dallas scored two goals seven minutes apart in the first half . Mauro Diaz sent a pass along the top of the 18-yard box and Ryan Hollingshead curled it inside the post in the 33rd minute . It was Diaz 's seventh assist of the year . In the 40th minute , Hollingshead passed it across goal to find Cristian Colman at the far post for a bouncing header .
Carlos Gruezo added a breakaway goal in the 66th for a 3-0 lead .
Los Angeles got on the board in the 69th when Zlatan Ibrahimovic rolled a shot inside the far post following a defensive turnover . He scored on a volley in stoppage time after FC Dallas was reduced to 10 men following Colman 's red card .
When is Our Girl back on TV ?
Our Girl airs on Tuesdays at 9pm on BBC1 . But if you 're tuning in on Tuesday 19th June , your episode will be delayed by ten minutes , starting at 9:10pm and running for the usual full hour .
Advertisement
What will happen in the next series of Our Girl ?
The first 2018 mini-series will encompass two separate plots .
First , 2 Sections will head to Nigeria . “ When they arrive in this village , some schoolgirls have been taken , ” Our Girl creator Tony Grounds tells RadioTimes.com .
“ That north part of Nigeria is controlled by Boko Haram whereas the south is government-controlled . So they go there and are embroiled in a situation that tries to free the schoolgirls , ” he adds , explaining that he drew direct inspiration from the real-life 2014 abduction of 276 Chibok schoolgirls by the terrorist organisation .
The unit are then joined by special forces on the Guatemalan/Belize border on a separate mission where a couple of soldiers get lost in the jungle . “ There are drug runners working that border and smuggling the drugs across it so they 're in a dangerous situation – there are people who would kill them given half the chance because they feel they might have rumbled their drug routes , ” explains Grounds .
Yes , one pretty major one , actually . Elvis 's replacement is a bloke named Bones who head up his old special forces unit when it comes to the rescue of 2 Sections . Actor Olly Rix has described him as ” abrasive , brash and yet highly competent as a soldier ” . Read more about the cast here .
What about Rab – is he ok ?
Yes , Rab recovers and will be in the next series – as will Maisie and the rest of the 2 Section regulars . And we can expect to see a continuation of that blossoming romance between the two squaddies . “ He definitely burns for her , ” says Grounds . “ I 'm slightly conscious that I do n't want them to just bonk because where does it go from there ? I 'm quite enjoying an old fashioned romance because it was n't the primary one – obviously you had Elvis and Georgie and you do n't want two similar things going on – but the Maisie and Rab situation will continue in its own inimitable way . ”
And Captain James – does he have a future in the army ?
“ He 's seen a lot of tours and he 's becoming battle weary and he 's starting to feel the stress of the trauma of each tour , ” explains Grounds .
“ He certainly continues for the next two tours but Captain James will be doing a lot of self reflection and therapy after the final tour , and then… is he somebody who would want to take a desk job in Whitehall ? Because he 's had a career in the army . Or is he someone who would like a fresh start ? He does n't know yet . ”
Read more : Our Girl creator Tony Grounds explains why he had to kill off Elvis
Advertisement
Where is Our Girl filmed ?
The 12 episodes of Our Girl were shot in South Africa and Malaysia over the course of nine months . Click here for more details .
MERCERVILLE , Ohio —Revenge on the road .
The Southern girls basketball team — which dropped a 43-25 decision to South Gallia on Dec. 21 in Racine — avenged that setback on Thursday night in Gallia County , defeating the Lady Rebels by a 41-39 count .
The Lady Rebels ( 6-12 , 2-11 TVC Hocking ) hit a pair of three-pointers in the opening quarter and led 8-7 by the end of the stanza .
SGHS made two more triples in the second quarter , but Southern ( 6-14 , 3-10 ) surged for 15 points in the period and led 22-19 at halftime .
The Purple and Gold held the hosts to a single field goal in the third quarter , and stretched the advantage to 29-23 headed into the fourth .
The Lady Rebels drained four trifectas en route to 16 fourth quarter points , but the Lady Tornadoes sealed the 41-39 win with 12 points , 10 of which came from the free throw line .
For the game , the Lady Tornadoes shot 10-of-54 ( 18.5 percent ) from field , including 1-of-5 ( 20 percent ) from three-point range . At the free throw line , Southern was 19-of-36 ( 52.8 percent ) and SGHS shot 7-of-25 ( 28 percent ) .
As a team , the guests recorded 30 rebounds , nine steals and four blocks , while turning the ball over 20 times .
SHS sophomore Baylee Wolfe led the victors with 15 points and nine rebounds . Lauren Lavender hit the guests ' only three-pointer and finished with 10 points , while Jaiden Roberts recorded eight points and three steals .
Josie Cundiff scored six points , all from the free throw line , while Shelbi Dailey marked two points in the win . Phoenix Cleland dished out a team-best three assists for Southern .
Amaya Howell and Alyssa Cremeens led South Gallia with nine points apiece , both draining a trio of three-pointers . Kiley Stapleton and Erin Evans both scored six points for the Lady Rebels , Olivia Hornsby and Aaliyah Howell each added three , while Christine Griffith and Faith Poling had two points and one point respectively .
After hosting Eastern on Saturday , the Lady Rebels will be back on the court Thursday against Wahama . The Purple and Gold return home to face Eastern on Monday .
Additional statistical information was unavailable at presstime .
By Alex Hawley ahawley @ aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342 , ext . 2100 .
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342 , ext . 2100 .
By DAVID BAUDER
The Associated Press
NEW YORK — The maker of Ambien said Wednesday that “ racism is not a known side effect ” after Roseanne Barr cited the insomnia drug in explaining the tweet that led ABC to cancel her show .
Hours after ABC pulled the plug on “ Roseanne ” because of her offensive tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett — and quickly breaking a promise to stay off Twitter — the comedian was busy posting on the social media platform .
Barr tweeted that what she did was unforgiveable and urged supporters not to defend her . She said of the Jarrett tweet , “ It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting . ”
The drugmaker Sanofi took to social media to say that “ while all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects , racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication . ”
Barr later tweeted that she has had odd experiences while taking the drug late at night . “ I blame myself , not Ambien , ” she tweeted .
After not mentioning Barr 's firing in a campaign-style rally in Tennessee Tuesday night , President Donald Trump broke his silence on Twitter . He noted that Robert Iger , chief executive of ABC parent Walt Disney Co. , called Jarrett to tell her that ABC did not tolerate Barr 's comments .
“ Gee , he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC , ” Trump wrote . “ Maybe I just did n't get the call ? ”
Trump reveled in the success of “ Roseanne ” after Barr 's character in the show came out as a supporter of his presidency .
“ Roseanne ” was an instant hit when it returned this spring after a two-decade hiatus . But after Barr 's tweet that likened Jarrett , who is black , to a cross between the Muslim Brotherhood and the “ Planet of the Apes , ” ABC canceled the show in a one-sentence statement from network entertainment president Channing Dungey . She called it “ abhorrent , repugnant and inconsistent with our values . ”
Barr 's agent also dropped her and several services pulled “ Roseanne ” reruns .
Jarrett , who said she was “ fine ” after the slur , urged in an MSNBC special Tuesday about racism that the incident become a teaching moment .
“ Tone does start at the top , and we like to look up to our president and feel as though he reflects the values of our country , ” Jarrett said . “ But I also think that every individual citizen has a responsibility too , and it 's up to all of us to push back . Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be . ”
Barr showed no signs of abandoning Twitter , engaging in a series of tweets that apologized to those who lost their jobs because of the “ Roseanne ” cancellation and expressed remorse she was being branded a racist . While asking not to be defended , she retweeted comments from supporters that attacked ABC and complained that conservatives are tweeted more harshly than liberals for their behavior .
Barr was resoundingly condemned Tuesday , including from many who helped make her show successful .
The executive producer of “ Roseanne , ” which came back this spring after being gone for two decades and instantly became television 's second most popular comedy , said he supported ABC 's decision .
“ Our goal was to promote constructive discussion about the issues that divide us , ” said Tom Werner . “ It represented the work of hundreds of talented people . I hope the good work done is not totally eclipsed by those abhorrent and offensive comments , and that Roseanne seeks the help she so clearly needs . ”
ABC and Disney had taken notable steps to be more inclusive in its entertainment , and Dungey is the first black to be entertainment president of a major broadcast network . But much of its progress would have been threatened if it looked the other way at Barr 's tweet .
She has a history of diving into political conspiracy theories on Twitter , and that 's how she ended her Memorial Day weekend . She criticized Democratic financier George Soros and tweeted that Chelsea Clinton was “ Chelsea Soros Clinton , ” implying she was married to a nephew of Soros . Clinton herself corrected Barr online . Donald Trump Jr. retweeted two of Barr 's statements about Soros , although not the remark about Jarrett .
Jarrett 's name came up in response to Twitter commentary that raised her name in relation to an Obama conspiracy theory . Barr tweeted : “ muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj . ”
Three weeks earlier , “ Roseanne ” was the toast of ABC 's annual presentation of its programming plans to advertisers . Dungey 's boss , network chief Ben Sherwood , even joked then : “ If anyone came to play a drinking game based on how many times we mention ‘ Roseanne , ' you 're welcome . ”
“ Roseanne ” earned an estimated $ 45 million in advertising revenue for ABC through its nine episodes that started airing in March , according to Kantar Media . The firm estimates that the 13 episodes that had been ordered for next season would have brought in as much as $ 60 million , with more through repeat episodes .
The cancellation has no clear precedent in television history , said David Bianculli , professor at Rowan University in New Jersey . The closest analogy is CBS pulling the plug on the Smothers Brothers variety show due to their anti-war views in the late 1960s and the same network not renewing “ Lou Grant ” at its peak , which star Ed Asner always contended was due to his outspoken political beliefs .
But cancelling “ Roseanne ” is “ like taking off ‘ All in the Family ' or ‘ I Love Lucy ' or Andy Griffith at their zenith , ” he said .
There was also CBS ' firing of Charlie Sheen from “ Two and a Half Men ” during his bizarre spate of behavior . Sheen , for one , saw an opportunity in Tuesday 's events .
“ Good riddance , ” he tweeted about the “ Roseanne ” cancellation . “ Hashtag NOT Winning . The runway is now clear for OUR reboot . ”
Barr retweeted that , too .
CLEVELAND — Kevin Love 's arms are lined with finger-nail scratches , discolored bruises and abrasions , hard-earned mementos from months battling under the basket against other NBA big men .
Some of the surface wounds are healing , some are fresh .
Other marks are hidden .
On the eve of his fourth straight NBA Finals with Cleveland , and while recovering from a concussion suffered last week against Boston that could keep him out of Game 1 , Love has persisted and prevailed during a season in which he revealed dealing with anxiety and panic attacks for much of his life .
It 's been an emotionally straining — but ultimately rewarding — journey for the 29-year-old All-Star , who laughed when told it feels like he 's been with the Cavaliers much longer than four seasons .
“ I 've been through enough for a guy who has been here for 12 years , ” he told the AP following a recent practice . “ It 's been well worth it . ”
Love , though , has had to pay a price for his new-found peace .
Almost since the moment he arrived in a trade from Minnesota in 2014 to form Cleveland 's “ Big 3 ” alongside stars LeBron James and Kyrie Irving , Love has been targeted — a convenient punching bag .
Despite playing at a consistently high level , he 's been called soft , overrated , injury-prone and worse . Trade rumours have swirled around Love almost without pause .
“ I think that it 's almost like the ‘ Chris Bosh Syndrome ' like Bron had with them in Miami , ” said Cavs guard J.R. Smith , referring to the former All-Star centre often under-appreciated on Heat teams with James and Dwyane Wade . “ When things are going good , you know , you give the credit to LeBron . And when things are going bad , you 're going to point the finger at the next in line . ”
The assaults on Love have been relentless and brutal . While he never displayed his emotions publicly , he was stung by the criticism , which drove him into a shell and made him guarded .
He trusted no one .
“ It 's been a learning experience , ” he said . “ I came in averaging 25 ( points ) and 10 ( rebounds ) and was the man and right on the cusp of the playoffs . And then I was supposed to win a championship and I was trying to figure all that out with two ball-dominant guys and it was a process .
“ It was tough for me . Not only that , I was trying to learn so much with trying to be able to deal with what 's sometimes called a circus around here , that sort of thing . ”
As the Cavs were in the early stages this year of what has turned into one of the most turbulent seasons in memory , Love was thrust into an uncomfortable , and as it turned out , life-changing situation .
During a heated team meeting on Jan. 22 , he was questioned by some teammates for leaving a Jan. 20 game against Oklahoma City and missing practice the next day . Love explained that he suffers from panic attacks and was getting help . He then wrote an essay for the Player 's Tribune , detailing his struggles and describing a previous episode in a November game .
Love 's revelation came while he was recovering from a broken left hand that sidelined him for nearly two months . It was a sensitive subject , and he initially worried about reaction or backlash .
And that 's the warming part of his journey .
Love received thousands of emails from people thanking him for coming forward . Not a day passed that he was n't approached by someone who wanted to talk , to tell him they were proud .
“ That was the coolest thing about it , ” he said . “ So many people came up to me and felt like they could share their stories . I would n't say I was like this 10 years ago , but I 've become a lot more of an empathetic person and that has helped me in my relationship with my family , my best friends and just anybody that has come up to me and just shared their stories . I like that it has established a community , not only in Cleveland but everywhere . ”
It has also changed his daily professional interactions . Love , who has received counselling , said it 's understandable if others see him in a new light .
But he made it clear he 's not looking for sympathy .
“ I do n't want them to treat me different in there , ” he said , circling his finger above one of the Cavs ' practice courts . “ I do n't want them to make any excuse . That was n't the point . In the meetings I always say basketball is my safe guard . It 's where I go to escape so all that other stuff goes away . It 's the other times where my mind takes control , where I can be my own worst enemy . ”
Cavs coach Tyronn Lue said he urged Love to let things go , not worry and play .
“ I told him , ” said Lue , who missed time this season with his own health issues , “ ‘ just be yourself , have fun . You 're one of the best players in the league . You make a lot of money . Relax. ” ‘
Love 's had an uneven post-season . He struggled in the first round against Indiana and scored just seven points in the series opener against Toronto before bouncing back with 31 in Game 2 .
Last week , he was knocked out of Game 6 of the Eastern Conference finals following a first-quarter collision with Celtics rookie Jayson Tatum . Love was placed in the NBA 's concussion protocol , and his replacement , Jeff Green , came up big and helped the Cavs win Game 7 in Boston .
Love remained in protocol on Wednesday and his status for the series opener is in doubt .
As his teammates were handed 2018 Finals T-shirts and caps on the floor afterward , Love was nowhere in sight after watching the game from a back room at TD Garden .
It was another twist in this strained season for Love , who has learned to take everything in stride .
The next stop on his odyssey is the Finals , and a chance to finish on a high note .
Love believes he 's already hit one in Cleveland .
“ For me , the glass has always been half full whether I 'll play here four years or 14 years , I will have looked back and said it was a great time , ” he said . “ This has all been worth it . We got to hang a banner and hopefully there will be more to come . ”
——
More AP basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
PINE BLUFF , Ark . — Martaveous McKnight scored 30 points , grabbed 10 rebounds and dished out 10 assists as Arkansas-Pine Bluff rolled to an 80-62 win over Alabama A & M on Saturday night .
McKnight was 12 of 17 from the field including three from distance for the Golden Lions ( 9-15 , 9-1 Southwestern Athletic Conference ) who lead the conference by two games over Grambling State . Trent Steen added 12 points and Terrance Banyard chipped in 10 .
The team shot 53 per cent from the field compared to 37 per cent for Alabama A & M which took 22 shots from beyond the arc , making four of them .
The Golden Lions scored first and led all the way to an 11-point advantage before leading 37-28 at intermission .
Alabama A & M closed it to 46-39 early in the second half but a McKnight 3-pointer followed a tip-in by Steen and a Banyard dunk stretched it to 53-41 with 13:41 to go and the Golden Lions cruised from there .
Arthur Johnson scored 19 points with six rebounds for the Bulldogs ( 2-21 , 2-8 ) who are on a six-game skid .
Teddy A throws a surprise birthday for Bam Bam ( Photos ) – Pulse Nigeria
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A judge declined to set bond for an Ohio man during his first court appearance after allegedly ramming a vehicle into a crowd of people demonstrating against a white supremacist rally Saturday in Charlottesville , Va .
Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer was killed , and at least 19 other people were in injured in the attack .
The Charlottesville Police Department said Saturday that James Alex Fields Jr. , 20 , of Maumee , Ohio , was charged with one count of second-degree murder , three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run .
During today 's Charlottesville court hearing , as NPR 's Debbie Elliott reports , Fields `` appeared by video from jail , dressed in a gray and white-striped prison jumpsuit . ''
Fields told Judge Robert Downer that he could not afford a lawyer . `` Downer assigned a court-appointed attorney to represent Fields , and set another hearing for Aug. 25 , '' Debbie adds . `` Until then , the judge said , Fields would remain in jail with no bond in part because he has no ties to the area . ''
The Associated Press adds that the judge told the court that the `` public defenders ' office informed him it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday 's protest . ''
Russia will respond to U.S. attempts to encircle it – Putin
Putin says the move will be another “ strategic mistake ” .
The post Russia will respond to U.S. attempts to encircle it – Putin appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Customs intercept contraband valued at N334m
The News
The Federal Operations Unit ( FOU ) of the Nigeria Customs Service ( NCS ) , Ikeja says it intercepted contraband with a Duty Paid Value ( DPV ) of N334 million between April 1 and June 12 . The command said it also recovered N273.6 million from duty payments …
Ikeja Customs intercepts 384 parcels of Indian hemp from Ghana Nigeria Today
all 3 news articles »
When the people of Colorado voted in 2012 to legalize recreational marijuana , they instantly transformed their governor , John Hickenlooper , into America 's most reluctant pot pioneer . Citing various risks , the rangy Democrat warned Coloradans not to “ break out the Cheetos or Goldfish too quickly . ”
“ If it was up to me , I would n't have done it , ” Hickenlooper admitted . “ I opposed it from the very beginning . ”
But the governor did n't have a choice — and now , after nearly five years of overseeing what has become a $ 1 billion industry , he considers himself “ cautiously optimistic . ”
“ We were worried about everything , ” Hickenlooper tells Yahoo News . “ We were worried about kid usage going up , people coming into work high , the branding of the state . We have n't seen anything negative in regard to any of those things . ”
In early April , Hickenlooper spoke to us about the factors and forces that have softened his stance , how Colorado families are benefiting from legalization , and his own experiences with marijuana as both a son and a father .
Excerpts :
YAHOO NEWS : You opposed Amendment 64 , saying it was n't worth the risk . What were you afraid would happen if Colorado legalized recreational marijuana ?
GOV . JOHN HICKENLOOPER : I was afraid that we would see a spike in teenage use and a rapid increase in overall use . And a big part of my reluctance was that , as a governor , you do n't want to be in conflict with federal law . Even Amsterdam never fully legalized marijuana — they set up a regulatory system to tax it . To do something that literally no one in the world had ever done before … it 's a steep hill .
View photos
You have a teenage son . He was 8 at the time . How did being a father influence your views on legalization ?
Obviously having a son who 's just coming into the age when a lot of the brain scientists believe that this high-THC marijuana is most damaging … that was difficult . They say there 's a high probability that you 'll lose a sliver of your long-term memory every time you use this high-THC marijuana . So I was worried that teenagers like my son would think that if the adults have legalized this , it must be OK .
Nearly five years have passed since Colorado embarked on this experiment . What were you right to worry about ? What were you wrong to worry about ?
We were wrong to worry about a dramatic spike in overall usage and teenage usage . Basically , the people who were smoking marijuana before it was legal still are . The people who were n't smoking marijuana before it was legal still are n't .
We were worried about everything . We were worried about kid usage going up , people coming into work high , the branding of the state . We have n't seen anything negative in regard to any of those things .
Have n't some studies shown that teenage use is up ?
Not in Colorado . People fight over which data sets to use , but the largest database we have — it 's thousands of kids — shows that teenage use is essentially flat .
In fact , it 's the same thing across all age groups — with the exception of senior citizens . More senior citizens appear to be smoking . Not a huge amount , but more . A 5 or 6 percent increase .
That 's interesting . Why ?
We 're not sure if it 's pain mitigation or if it 's just baby boomers remembering their high school days . [ Laughs ] I do n't know what that is .
Would you support Amendment 64 today , knowing what you now know ?
You know , it 's hard to say . What I 've said before is that if I had a magic wand when it first passed and I could have reversed the vote , I would have . Now if I had a magic wand I 'd probably put it back in the drawer for a couple of years . I 'd want to see more data . I 'm not sure I 'd vote for it yet .
But certainly the old system was a train wreck . So if I had a do-over — and I tell other governors this — I 'd wait a couple of years . Let 's get more data in to see whether this thing really works .
View photos Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper in the Colorado State Capitol . ( Photo : Carl Bower for Yahoo News ) More
Photo
Every few weeks , Dr. Tony Wing Lai Mak , a pathologist at Princess Margaret Hospital in Hong Kong , receives blood and urine samples from yet another patient hospitalized after taking a traditional Chinese medical or health supplement .
His toxicology lab finds the same culprits over and over : adulterants hidden in the dose .
Although the Hong Kong Department of Health regularly issues warnings about the medicines , “ we 're still seeing this all the time , ” Dr. Mak said .
“ These are illegal products that are damaging to people 's health and can even kill . Yet somehow , they 're still here . ”
The frequency and serious nature of the cases inspired Dr. Mak and his colleagues to compile a decade 's worth of observations , which they recently published in the British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
From 2005 to 2015 , they reported , 404 people ranging in age from 1 month to 90 were treated at the hospital after taking tainted supplements .
Buy Photo Iowa sophomore Makenzie Meyer moves the ball up the court against Iowa State on Wednesday , Dec. 6 , 2017 , at Hilton Coliseum in Ames . ( Photo : Bryon Houlgrave/The Register ) Buy Photo
Iowa women 's basketball cracked the Associated Press top 25 for the first time this season , checking in at No . 25 .
The Hawkeyes appeared on 20 of the 32 ballots and received 55 votes , just edging out Oklahoma State and its 54 votes . They 're one of four Big Ten Conference teams in the AP rankings . Ohio State is 13th , Maryland is 15th and Michigan is 23rd .
Lisa Bluder 's team is 10-1 this season , with its only loss coming by one point against Florida State , who is ranked 12th in the latest AP poll .
Iowa travels to Northern Iowa on Dec. 17 and hosts Drake on Dec. 21 before opening conference play Dec. 28 at Wisconsin .
VILLANOVA , Pa. — Big East freshman of the year Omari Spellman is staying in the NBA draft after helping Villanova win the national championship .
The school announced Spellman 's decision Wednesday , the final day of the NCAA deadline for players who have n't hired an agent to withdraw from the draft and return to school . Spellman joins Donte DiVincenzo , Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges as Wildcats who left the champs for the NBA with eligibility remaining .
Spellman enrolled at Villanova in the fall of 2016 after attending St. Thomas More in Connecticut for his final season of prep basketball . After sitting out the 2016-17 season as an academic redshirt , Spellman averaged 10.9 points and 8.0 rebounds as the Wildcats set a school record with 36 victories . Spellman connected on 43 per cent of his 3-pointers and led the Wildcats with 59 blocked shots .
`` The NBA people I have spoken with have been impressed with Omari 's maturity and potential as a player , '' coach Jay Wright said . `` He made a great impact on our program and we 're thrilled that his efforts have led him to this opportunity . ''
YOUNGSTOWN , Ohio — A state prison will use equipment seized from an illegal marijuana grower to cultivate vegetables for poor people .
The Vindicator of Youngstown , Ohio , reports tens of thousands of dollars ' worth of hydroponic equipment seized by police in Campbell has been donated to the Trumbull Correctional Institution for the prison 's inmate agricultural program .
Inmates at the maximum security prison in northeast Ohio grew 10,000 pounds of food donated to poor people last year .
The equipment was seized during a raid in Campbell last September in which police found 56 marijuana plants .
Campbell Mayor Nick Phillips says equipment found during raids is usually destroyed but was instead donated after a prison official asked for it .
Phillips says “ it 's nice to see good coming from bad . ”
——
Information from : The Vindicator , http : //www.vindy.com
MONTREAL — Getting a goal against his former team was sweet for Montreal Canadiens forward Logan Shaw .
The right winger from Glace Bay , N.S . started a three-goal first period that led the Canadiens to a 5-2 victory over the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday afternoon . Montreal claimed Shaw on waivers from Anaheim on Jan. 15 .
“ That one felt pretty good , ” said Shaw . “ I have a lot of good friends over there .
“ It was a big win for the team . It felt pretty good to come out on top . It was obviously a bonus to get a goal . I do n't get a lot of them so when I do they feel pretty good and that felt extra special . ”
It was Shaw 's third of the season but his first as a Canadien . He has only 11 goals in 156 NHL games .
He was the only forward to score for Montreal . Jeff Petry had two and David Schlemko and Joe Morrow added the others .
The Canadiens ( 21-25-6 ) ended a three-game losing streak . They remain home to face Ottawa on Sunday .
It was also a special game for Antti Niemi , who got the start in goal ahead of Carey Price with Montreal playing afternoon games on consecutive days . The Ducks had a 45-29 edge in shots , but Niemi was solid in picking up a second win in a row after his last outing Jan. 19 in Washington .
“ Easily one of the best for a long time , ” Niemi said of his performance . “ Playing with the lead , it was a lot of fun to play . ”
The Canadiens had scored only one goal in their previous two games , but their power play came to life against the Ducks , producing three goals on seven chances . It was the reverse of Oct. 20 , when the Canadiens had 51 shots in Anaheim but lost 6-2 .
Ducks centre Ryan Getzlaf was n't happy with the penalty calling from Dave Jackson and Steve Kozeri .
“ They started calling penalties , that 's the momentum change of the game , ” said Getzlaf . “ Our kill did n't get it done and their power play did .
“ It 's frustrating . I still , in this league , do n't have a clue what 's a penalty and what is n't . It 's frustrating when you get one guy calling every single penalty against us and one guy wanting the game to play and wanting the players to decide it . It 's a frustrating point that we 're at in this league when we ca n't just go out and play hockey . There 's no dangerous plays out there by any means , but somehow there were nine or 10 penalties or how many there were ( 11 ) .
“ I 'm frustrated with all these little stick things and stuff . Instead of worrying about a guy getting his head taken off in the corner , we 're worried about little stick infractions and one-handed stick lifts . ”
Corey Perry and Rikard Rakell scored for Anaheim ( 25-18-10 ) , which was coming off an overtime loss in Ottawa on Thursday night .
The Ducks led 9-0 in shots just under six minutes into the game , but the Canadiens then scored three times on seven attempts to chase starter Ryan Miller at 10:13 in favour of Reto Berra , who was called up on Friday to replace the injured John Gibson .
Shaw scored at 6:16 when he banged in a Byron Froese pass from the edge of the crease . Morrow added one on a power play on a one-timer of Victor Mete 's pass from the right point at 8:17 .
Alex Galchenyuk slid a pass to Schlemko to score from the slot at 10:13 .
Berra lunged for but could n't reach Petry 's slow moving shot along the ice 3:45 into the second frame .
Perry put Anaheim on the board during a two-man advantage at 8:32 as he beat Niemi from the edge of the crease and Rakell followed in to score on Nick Ritchie 's rebound at 12:15 .
Petry picked the top corner on a power play at 15:46 of the third .
Canadiens forward Jonathan Drouin left the game early in the second period Saturday afternoon after being hit in the upper body by a slapshot from teammate Karl Alzner . Coach Claude Julien said X-rays revealed no fracture and Drouin 's condition is to be re-evaluated on Sunday .
Jacques Demers , who coached Montreal to its last Stanley Cup in 1993 , got a big ovation when he was shown on the scoreboard . Demers made a rare visit since a 2016 stroke left him with limited mobility .
Biafra : MASSOB disowns Uwazuruike , reveals why Nnamdi Kanu left him
Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra , MASSOB , yesterday , dissociated itself from the visit of the leader of the Biafra Independence Movement , BIM , Chief Ralph Uwazuruike to Kaduna state . The group also gave an insight on why leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra , IPOB , Nnamdi Kanu , left Uwazuruike . Uwazuruike had met [ … ]
Biafra : MASSOB disowns Uwazuruike , reveals why Nnamdi Kanu left him
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An action plan has been published to ensure fit-for-purpose parking in Frodsham and Helsby that benefits the economies of both towns .
The plan is part of Cheshire West and Chester Council 's 15-year parking strategy to better manage car parking demand across the borough .
CWaC says it aims to ensure fair and consistent tariffs along with other controls such as length of stay restrictions and an investment programme to improve the quality of car parking for visitors and shoppers .
In both towns , new parking controls are particularly needed to better manage the impact of rail-related parking .
Currently , the free and unrestricted parking available near both rail stations is attractive to outside commuters who use the towns as ‘ Park and Rail ' locations .
Although this has benefits in terms of reducing the number of cars on the borough 's roads , it results in a lack of short-stay day-time parking in both towns for retail-related uses and is a situation predicted to worsen once the Halton Curve – the rail route between Frodsham/Helsby and Liverpool – is re-opened .
New tariffs and controls will help to address the current imbalance caused by rail station parking in both towns , by introducing a long stay charge to moderate the rail demand , while also prioritising parking for short-stay users where it is most needed .
The car parks and on-street parking included in the action plan are : in Frodsham – Moor Lane , Frodsham Station ( large car park including extension ) , Health Centre , Will to Work ( extension ) and Main Street bays ; in Helsby - Station Avenue car park and the on-street bays on Chester Road .
Councillor Karen Shore , cabinet member for environment , said : “ Our population and car ownership rates are steadily rising and land available for car parking is decreasing .
“ Over the coming years , the Council needs to invest in car parks so that we have enough clean and safe spaces , in the right places , with clear signage and new technology to make it easier and more convenient for people coming to Frodsham and Helsby town centre by car .
“ With this action plan for Frodsham and Helsby we are introducing the right controls in the right places to release capacity for short stay parking to boost businesses , encourage visitors and also to improve car park quality and disabled provision in these areas .
“ Parking in the town will be easier and more accessible for everyone , supporting residents and businesses . Parking charges and other controls will ensure everyone can park where they need to , when they need to .
( Image : Victoria Tetley )
The council has committed to ensure that car parks are safe and clean , have enough parking for people with mobility problems with good signage and use technology to make visits easier and flexible .
To support this , local parking provision in need of maintenance has been identified within the action plan and a programme of long-term investment will ensure all facilities are brought up to standard .
There is a need to increase capacity for station parking in both Frodsham and Helsby and this will be reviewed once the changes are implemented .
A programme of quality improvement works is planned to start between March and June 2018 .
The full action plan can be found by clicking here .
Much Traffic Regulation Orders will be published soon detailing the plans to change restrictions and tariffs and will be available to view via the same web address .
NEW YORK — Some women , and men , worry the same climate that 's emboldening women to speak up about sexual misconduct could backfire by making some men wary of female colleagues .
Forget private meetings and get-to-know-you dinners . Beware of banter . Think twice before a high-ranking man mentors a young female staffer .
“ I have already heard the rumblings of a backlash : ‘ This is why you should n't hire women , ” ‘ Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg wrote in a recent post .
“ So much good is happening to fix workplaces right now . Let 's make sure it does not have the unintended consequence of holding women back , ” said Sandberg , author of the working women 's manifesto “ Lean In . ”
Ana Quincoces , a Miami-based attorney and entrepreneur who owns her own food line , says her business and its success involves working mostly with men , and sales and other activities are often concluded over lunch or drinks . Those opportunities , she says , are dwindling , because many of the men she knows through her business “ are terrified . ”
“ There 's a feeling of this wall that was n't there that is suddenly up because they do n't know what 's appropriate anymore — it 's disconcerting , ” Quincoces said . “ I feel that they 're more careful , more formal in their relationships with co-workers . And I ca n't say I blame them , because what 's happened is pervasive . Every day there 's a new accusation . ”
She said many of the men she knows are now avoiding one-on-one social occasions that were normal in the past .
“ This is going to trickle down into all industries . … It 's going to become the new normal , ” Quincoces said . “ It 's a good thing because women are not afraid anymore , but on the other side , it 's a slippery slope . ”
Americans were already edgy about male-female encounters at work : A New York Times/Morning Consult poll of 5,300 men and women last spring found almost two-thirds thought workers should be extra careful around opposite-sex colleagues , and around a quarter thought private work meetings between men and women were inappropriate .
But in a season of outcry over sexual misconduct , some men are suddenly wondering whether they can compliment a female colleague or ask about her weekend . Even a now-former female adviser to the head of Pennsylvania 's Democratic Party suggested on Facebook that men would stop talking to women altogether because of what she portrayed as overblown sexual misconduct claims .
Certain managers are considering whether to make sure they 're never alone with a staffer , despite the complications of adding a third person in situations like performance reviews , says Philippe Weiss , who runs the Chicago-based consultancy Seyfarth Shaw at Work .
Philadelphia employment lawyer Jonathan Segal says some men are declaring they 'll just shut people out of their offices , rather than risk exchanges that could be misconstrued .
“ The avoidance issue is my biggest concern , because the marginalization of women in the business world is at least as big a problem as harassment , ” Segal says . A recent report involving 222 North American companies found the percentage of women drops from 47 per cent at the entry level to 20 per cent in the C suite .
Vice-President Mike Pence has long said he does n't have one-on-one meals with any woman except his wife and wants her by his side anywhere alcohol is served , as part of the couple 's commitment to prioritizing their marriage . The guidelines have “ been a blessing to us , ” the Republican told Christian Broadcasting Network News in an interview this month .
Employment attorneys caution that it can be problematic to curb interactions with workers because of their gender , if the practice curtails their professional opportunities . W. Brad Johnson , a co-author of a book encouraging male mentors for women , says limiting contact sends a troubling message .
“ If I were unwilling to have an individual conversation with you because of your gender , I 'm communicating ‘ you 're unreliable ; you 're a risk , ” ‘ says Johnson , a U.S . Naval Academy psychology professor .
Jessica Proud , a communications professional and Republican political consultant in New York City , said it would be wrong if this national “ day of reckoning ” over sexual misconduct resulted in some men deciding not to hire , mentor or work with women . She recalled a campaign she worked on where she was told she could n't travel with the candidate because of how it might look .
“ I 'm a professional , he 's a professional . Why should my career experience be limited ? ” she said . “ That 's just as insulting in a lot of ways . ”
——
Associated Press writers Verena Dobnik in New York , David Klepper in Albany , N.Y. and Andrew Welsh-Huggins in Columbus , Ohio , contributed to this report .
Uber Technologies Inc. has suspended all of its self-driving vehicle testing — including a program in Toronto — after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving autonomous vehicles .
Uber 's testing was halted after police in a Phoenix suburb said one of its self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian overnight Sunday .
The vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit , Tempe police Sgt . Ronald Elcock said .
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital .
“ Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona , ” said Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi on Twitter .
“ We 're thinking of the victim 's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened . ”
The testing has been going on for months in Toronto , the Phoenix area , Pittsburgh and San Francisco as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology .
Uber Canada said Monday in an email that two of its vehicles are being tested in Toronto but they have not been picking up passengers .
It said testing has been conducted since last fall , using software that was studied in simulation and on the test track before being deployed to the road .
But the fatality is n't likely to derail the driverless vehicle industry because it is at such an early stage in its development , said Ross McKenzie , managing director at the University of Waterloo Centre for Automotive Research .
“ I 'm shocked . It 's very , very disappointing , ” he said .
“ It 's shocking because it 's something we aspire to never have happen . The whole purpose of autonomous driving is to make the operation of vehicles safer because you take out of equation the random , unpredictable behaviour of human operators , like speeding to get through an amber light or taking your eyes off the road to pick up a coffee cup . ”
He added the incident will serve to further focus the industry on safety .
The Waterloo research centre has a four-car fleet of autonomous car it is currently testing . McKenzie said most of the testing takes place on a closed track but the first tests on a public road took place last year .
More on-road testing is scheduled for this year and he said the incident has not resulted in any immediate change to that schedule .
Canada has been slow to embrace driverless vehicles but some advances have been made .
In January , Suncor Energy Inc. announced it would go ahead with a project to deploy driverless ore-hauling trucks at its remote oilsands mines in northern Alberta to replace the ones humans operate .
The initiative , which follows years of testing , is expected to eliminate about 400 jobs . The Calgary-based company plans to build a 150-truck fleet of 400-tonne capacity Komatsu trucks over the next six years .
Last week , Magna International announced a deal with Lyft Inc. , an American ride-hailing company that competes with Uber , to develop advanced driverless car technology through a multi-year partnership and a US $ 200 million investment in Lyft .
Magna is to earn the exclusive right to manufacture kits to be used to convert Lyft 's fleet into autonomous , driverless vehicles . The kits will include cameras , radar and other sensors required for the vehicles as well as software developed by the two companies , using Magna 's manufacturing expertise and Lyft 's data from its ride-sharing operations .
In October , BlackBerry QNX launched testing of a self-driving car in Ottawa with what was billed as the first on-street test of an autonomous vehicle in Canada after opening an innovation centre in late 2016 .
Meanwhile , a Canadian Senate committee warned in a report earlier this year departments and levels of government are taking contradictory approaches to automated vehicles and the federal government needs to better co-ordinate action .
It recommended giving the privacy commissioner greater reach over how car companies use drivers ' information , including whether personal information can be monetized , and giving federal cybersecurity officials a bigger role in protecting the new technology from hackers .
The committee also said the government must invest more in its own research to deal with questions of safety , such as how to ensure a driverless car can safely navigate a snow-covered road .
It said self-driving cars could reduce greenhouse gas emissions , boost productivity and limit the number of collisions caused by human error .
But the technology could also lead to job losses in transportation sectors where some 1.1 million people are employed , including truck , bus , and taxi drivers . The Liberals , the committee said , must put in place job re-training programs for those whose jobs will be affected , and ensure sectors like after-market companies can maintain a foothold as new , automated cars hit the roads .
The U.S. federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles , leaving much of the regulation up to states .
In 1988 , the Canadian biathlon team went to the Calgary Olympics on a shoestring .
Underfunded . Unprepared . They did n't have the training base , World Cup experience , equipment or technical expertise necessary to get the job done at the elite level in Canmore . So it could n't have been a surprise when Ken Karpoff 's 33rd in the 20-kilometre race was their best individual finish at the Games . The relay team was a distant 15th in a 16-country field , beating only South Korea .
“ It was n't just that we had financial issues . We had zero structure , ” said Karpoff . “ We did n't have the mentality at the time that you needed to compete on a World Cup level . We had this fallback idea that you could race club races in Camrose and somehow get yourself ready for a World Cup race .
“ The thinking was magical , wishful and completely split from what you needed to do to get to that high level . We did n't think we had to do rifle testing , for instance . No access to great ski materials . And we did n't do the technical work . ”
Canada wound up without a gold medal at the Games . The country 's total of two silver and three bronze came from alpine skiing and figure skating .
At the time , money spent on Canada 's sport system was dwarfed by that of East Germany and the Soviet Union , and undetected doping was surely tipping the scales in favour of those East bloc nations . The Soviets topped the medal table with 29 in Calgary , while East Germany was second with 25 . The closest so-called west bloc nation was Switzerland with 15 .
Thirty years hence , much has changed — and most of it in favour of Canadian Olympians . Money is flowing from Sport Canada through Own The Podium to national sport organizations . Corporate sponsors continue to jump on board in a meaningful way . And high performance sport institutes in Calgary and six other locations across the country are essentially medal factories . They consolidate gyms with sport science , nutrition , medicine and counselling facilities .
“ We do a tremendous job of preparing athletes to get them in the hunt , ” said CSI Calgary president and CEO Dale Henwood . “ The expectation of the public , based on the support the country provides , is that Canadian athletes will be prepared . That 's our whole business , everything we do . ”
Luger Sam Edney calls CSI Calgary “ the Mecca of winter sport in Canada ” and appreciates the wide range of supports .
“ We 've got this great facility here in Calgary , which really allows you to have a training hub , so you can walk from the training centre to your physio table in less than 30 seconds . Head upstairs for a recovery session with a massage therapist in less than a minute . Then if you want to , grab a great meal where we are getting great discounts from Winsport . Then also head upstairs and see your sport psychologist right after that . ”
Those resources are portable , too , as alpine skier Manuel Osborne-Paradis notes . A trainer comes to his home in Invermere , B.C. , paid by the ski team . When teammate Broderick Thompson also shows up , they do dryland camps there .
Contributions from the team and a major sponsor , Audi , allow Paradis to make four or five midseason trips home to Canada to see his family , an option he did n't have on the development team , and surely one that was too expensive for the skiers in the 1980s .
“ If we 're going to keep ski racing into our late 30s , we 're going to have families , you definitely have to acknowledge that those are important things , ” said Osborne-Paradis .
They all cost money , and Canada has decided the investment is sound . Sport Canada allocates $ 64 million per year in targeted excellence funding , and the Canadian Olympic Committee adds $ 9 million to the mix . There 's another $ 10 million annually from the feds for NextGen athletes to keep the pipeline full .
“ We have a ton of support , ” said luger Alex Gough , who listed the contributions from CSIs , the Athlete Assistance Program and Own The Podium .
“ It is very performance-based and performance-driven , but all sports are and all countries are doing it . The kind of support we 're getting now is just night and day to even when I started on the team in 2005 . It 's fantastic . It 's great to see .
“ I do n't want to be here just racing to be a participant . I 'm a competitor . Everyone here is . I think anyone who gets into sport is a competitor . Now we have a lot of the resources we need to really compete on the world stage across the board . ”
Some nations still outspend Canada , and always will , but Canada supports winter and summer sports , Olympic and Paralympic athletes . Not all countries spread the cash around in the same way .
The AAP money , which is intended to cover the living expenses of senior team athletes , was increased in 2017 , for the first time in 13 years , to $ 1,765 per month from $ 1,500 . Development team athletes now get $ 1,060 , up from $ 900 . There was also a $ 500 bump for athlete tuition support , now $ 5,500 per carding cycle .
“ Certainly those athletes with medal potential , they are well resourced , ” said Own The Podium CEO Anne Merklinger . “ Every athlete in every program is always going to want more . So there is a limit .
“ But relative to our overall financial envelope within Canada focused on the target of excellence strategy , we 're punching well above our weight . There are a lot of countries investing a lot more than we are . That 's another element that we 're proud of as an organization . ”
She was speaking specifically of the United Kingdom , Brazil , New Zealand and Australia , countries that spend most of that extra money on summer sport .
“ I think we have had more resources , both technical and financial , than we have ever had , ” continued Merklinger . “ The NextGen funding , $ 10 million a year entrenched in the fiscal framework now — it 's not a sunset four-year program — is helping us go a little bit deeper in the pathway . So we do n't have any dips in the top-eight and top-five performances . That NextGen investment will really help . ”
The primary focus of NextGen funding is to hire full-time coaches to work with up-and-comers , so they are fast-tracked . If they have success earlier , they are likely to hang around and flourish .
Edney hung around for more than 15 years . He 's attending his last Olympics before retiring at age 33 .
“ The spotlight is on us a bit this year for sure on the winter side , but it 's a great day for us to know there is an investment and a belief in the Canadian athletic system and that the country , the government and the people of the country want to support us , ” he said . “ That feels good for any athlete . ”
But there are cracks into which some sports and athletes will inevitably fall . Skeleton has taken it on the chin — given just $ 736,000 this quad , down from $ 3.5 million the previous two — and athletes are feeling the pinch . Slider Elisabeth Vathje said her equipment cost $ 100,000 over the quadrennial and she has outstanding debts even after contributions from her sponsors and the bank of mom and dad . Her team fees for flights and accommodations amount to $ 7,500 annually . Cross-country skier Devon Kershaw said he had to pay $ 13,000 this season to stay on the World Cup tour .
Biathlon certainly feels as if it has been thrown off the gravy train . OTP slashed biathlon 's targeted excellence funding to $ 50,000 , but handed out $ 182,000 in NextGen money . The biathlon team got their backs up and responded with a World Cup bronze from Rosanna Crawford and two career-best ninth-place finishes from Julia Ransom .
“ I consider myself very lucky that I have had some sponsors that I can reach out to who have made it possible for this not to be a passion and a goal to chase after , but a career that allows me to live comfortably in the Rockies and train and do all these things , ” said Ransom . “ There are a lot of supports in place to help you . ”
There was no OTP money for Nordic Combined and there are n't any athletes headed to Korea . Ski jumping got just $ 50,000 and will send only two athletes to Pyeonchang .
But on balance , most Canadian athletes and sports organizations feel pretty well supported .
“ I 'm sure if I knew exactly how the guys in the ‘ 80s felt I would be overwhelmed with how much support I 'm getting now , ” said Osborne-Paradis . “ The level of support in corporate Canada has been unbelievable in the last five years . The government has been there . I know it 's easy to harp on that because we had so much money before Vancouver , but rightfully so , we had an Olympic Games … I could n't be more grateful for what our country has done for us and what Alpine Canada has given us . ”
In general , Canadian athletes are well prepared to give their best performances on the big stage . And in Pyeongchang , there is every reason to believe Canadians will turn that support into more Winter Olympic medals than ever before , beating the 26 they gleaned from Vancouver and 25 from Sochi .
“ Athletes go to the start line now in every sport believing they can win and wanting to win , ” said Merklinger . “ They do n't apologize for wanting to win or saying they want to win . That is part of their DNA . No one in high performance sport apologizes for wanting to own the podium . It was a bit new heading into Vancouver and it changed our country . We 're a much prouder , bolder , more confident country post-Vancouver than we were before . ”
• Email : dbarnes @ postmedia.com | Twitter : @ sportsdanbarnes
Pyeongchang 2018 have unveiled the Winter Patalympic Games medals to mark 88 days until the Opening Ceremony .
The medals use the Korean Hangeul alphabet to engrave the consonants of “ Pyeongchang 2018 Paralympic Winter Games '' around the edge .
They also feature the Paralympic Agitos logo on the front , while the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Paralympics logo and the name of the specific sport on the back .
The medals , which are 92.5 milimetres in diameter and 9.42mm in width , also include traditional South Korean patterns such as clouds , mountains , wind and wood engraved on the reverse .
It is claimed this symbolises the `` beautiful nature '' of Pyeongchang and Gangwon Province .
The Organising Committee claim the medals , designed by Lee Suk-woo , are based around the design principles of those which will be won during the Winter Olympics .
`` The Paralympic Winter Games medals for PyeongChang 2018 are a symbol of equality , creativity , culture and passion , '' Pyeongchang 2018 President Lee Hee-beom .
`` The work that has gone into the design and manufacturing of the medals has been world class and we are all looking forward to the moment that the first medal will be awarded to the world 's best Paralympic athletes next year . ”
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News , CBS This Morning , Dr. Phil , Judge Judy , 60 Minutes , NFL football , and your favorite CBS shows . Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony 's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter [ ... ]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state 's most trusted sources for news and information . As a market leading news resource since 1967 , WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest , most experienced local news teams on the radio in America . Follow @ WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the [ ... ]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country . For 50 years , 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area . Famous around the world for its slogan , “ YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES , WE 'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD , ” no other radio station [ ... ]
WFANAs the world 's first 24-hour all-sports radio station , WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business . Since its debut on July 1 , 1987 , dozens of stations have copied the all sports format , but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN . WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State [ ... ]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group , a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country . Got a nose for news ? E-mail us your newstips ! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St. , New York , NY 10019 . [ ... ]
The actor had been admitted to hospital in Los Angeles earlier this month .
Austin Powers star Verne Troyer has died aged 49 , his official social media accounts have confirmed .
The diminutive US actor , best known for playing Mini-Me in the spy comedy films , had openly struggled with alcoholism .
Earlier this month the Hollywood star had been admitted to hospital in Los Angeles .
It is with great sadness and incredibly heavy hearts to write thatVerne passed away today.Verne was an extremely… Posted by Verne J Troyer on Saturday , April 21 , 2018
A statement posted on his social media pages read : “ It is with great sadness and incredibly heavy hearts to write that Verne passed away today .
“ Verne was an extremely caring individual . He wanted to make everyone smile , be happy , and laugh .
“ Verne was also a fighter when it came to his own battles . Over the years he 's struggled and won , struggled and won , struggled and fought some more , but unfortunately this time was too much .
“ You never know what kind of battle someone is going through inside . Be kind to one another . And always know , it 's never too late to reach out to someone for help . ”
RIP & fly with the angels @ VerneTroyer . Thank you for all you gave the world . You are already missed… pic.twitter.com/RQVjxWvz1Z — Shannon Elizabeth ( @ ShannonElizab ) April 21 , 2018
Troyer , who appeared on Celebrity Big Brother in 2009 , was recently baptised while surrounded by family , the message added .
The actor 's credits also include Harry Potter And The Philosopher 's Stone and Men In Black .
The statement added that , rather than flowers , well-wishers should donate to his “ two favourite charities ; The Starkey Hearing Foundation and Best Buddies ” .
American glamour model Carmen Electra shared a snap of the two of them on Instagram in which she can be seen holding Troyer in her arms .
The Baywatch actress simply posted “ R.I.P Verne Troyer ” along with the image .
West Wing star Marlee Matlin took to Twitter in the wake of the news , describing him as having a “ lovely smile with a caring and big heart ” .
Singer Vanilla Ice and American Pie actress Shannon Elizabeth also posted images of themselves with Troyer following the news of his death .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aldi will reveal a fresh new look for its Broughton store when it re-opens to customers this Thursday ( March 22 ) .
The store has undergone a two-week transformation to improve customers ' convenience and overall shopping experience and the new layout is more 'customer focused ' to allow customers to find products more easily .
The transformation is part of Aldi 's £300m investment into improving its stores and service across the UK , and is based on feedback from more than 50,000 customers .
The format of the store reflects proven customer behaviours , and includes developments such as :
· New and improved chillers and freezers including a ‘ Food to Go ' section at the front of the store
· Increased space dedicated to fresh , British meat products
· Relocation of fresh bakery items to the final aisle , so products do n't get squashed under shopping
· Relocation of beers , wines and spirits into a dedicated fixture along the back wall
· A dedicated section full of award-winning health and beauty products
The store has also been cleverly crafted to increase employee efficiencies , allowing Aldi to continue to pass its low operating costs on to customers in the form of low prices .
Customers visiting the store from 8am on opening day will be able to take advantage of Aldi 's famous Specialbuys every Thursday and Sunday , and during opening week the store will be offering a wide range of caravan and camping products .
Aldi store manager Steven Woods said : “ The store is looking fantastic , and we ca n't wait to welcome our loyal customers back so they can see it for themselves .
“ We know that the value and quality of our products is unbeatable , and we 're committed to making sure that the shopping experience each customer enjoys in our stores is on a par with the products and services they 're used to .
`` We have recently been voted Britain 's favourite supermarket in the Which ? 2018 Customer Satisfaction Survey voted for by UK shoppers and we 're delighted that our commitment to fantastic value and quality products is being recognised .
“ We 've got some great Specialbuy deals on throughout our opening week , so we 're set for a busy opening week . ”
HUDDERSFIELD , England — Huddersfield says head coach David Wagner has signed a contract extension to stay at the Premier League club for three more years .
Wagner , his assistant Christophe Buhler and first-team coach Andrew Hughes all signed new deals that will keep them at the club until 2021 .
The trio all had 12 months left on their previous contracts , and Wagner had been linked with bigger clubs after an impressive debut season in the Premier League .
However , the German-American said “ the decision to extend my stay at this club was not a difficult one . ”
Wagner took over Huddersfield in November 2015 and then led the team to promotion to the Premier League in his first full season . The team finished 16th in its first season in England 's top flight in 45 years .
Bar Neck Dove Season over Bar Necks are beginning to select nesting trees . Time to stop shoot'n 'em .
Body count has really impacted the population north of Idaho Falls .
My buddy with his Marauder bagged 2405 from the end of mating to now .
I 'm a bit behind with only 161 of 'em .
My body count is 161 Bar Necks
11 pigeons
3 Magpies
2 Felines
22 squirrels
5 sparrows
1 canine
10 Flickers
14 Coots
148 starlings - season on these sucker is all 365 days . More to come
Next quarry of choice will be the jack rabbit . They are in almost bunny bash days in numbers .
Longest shot on Bar Neck was 76 yards
Longest shot on Starling was 84 yards .
The AirForce Condor SS .22 Cal is a force to be reckoned with . Especially with the new Cabelas Covenant 4-16 with that sweet reticle - almost exactly like Leuys TS-32
It is super accurate with JSB 18.1 at 960
H & N 21s at 900
H & N 25s at 840
I may be the slowest guy on the mountain . . . . but . . . . I 'm on the mountain ! __________________I may be the slowest guy on the mountain . . . . but . . . . I 'm on the mountain !
One more step ....
We 've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button . Then access is all yours !
If you ca n't see the activation email in your inbox , check your junk mail folder . If you have n't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support @ crikey.com.au and we 'll help you out .
$ 462 Payment For Fighter Jets : House of Reps Mulls Buhari 's Impeachment – Nigeria Today
$ 462 Payment For Fighter Jets : House of Reps Mulls Buhari 's Impeachment
Nigeria Today
President Muhammadu Buhari 's decision to buy $ 462 million worth of fighter jets for the military without recourse to the National Assembly has been deemed an “ impeachable offence ” by the House of Representatives . The House members were left infuriated …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Re : 6.5 comparisons Quote : Viking264 Originally Posted by All ,
I 've been running some comparisons between 6.5x55 ( standard ) , 6.5x55 AI , 6.5-284 , and .260 Rem ( loaded in long action ) . I 'd like to keep this thread confined to these cartridges ( in other words , please refrain from interjecting recommendations of looking at the 6.5 CM , 6.5x47 , 6.5-06 , 6.5 Sherman , etc. ) . I will preface all of this by stating that I am primarily a shooter of .284 Win ( long action ) and 6.5x55 . I also shoot a bit of .260 Rem .
Using QL to determine required mass of RL26 to propel a 140-grain ELD to 2950 fps , and then comparing the pressures generated , grains required , and so on , I see some interesting things , with same-length barrels :
.260 Rem ( standard ) has the highest ballistic efficiency , followed by the standard 6.5x55 , then the 6.5x55 AI , and last the 6.5-284 .
Lowest pressures were generated by the 6.5-284 , then the 6.5x55AI , then the .260 Rem , and lastly the standard 6.5x55 .
Mass of RL26 required to achieve 2,950 fps ( as calculated by QL ) was least with .260 Rem , then 6.5x55 , then 6.5x55AI , and ( most required was ) 6.5-284 .
Admittedly , I load my 6.5x55 to higher pressures than SAAMI or CIP , before someone asks .
I raise all of this because I have been toying with the idea of obtaining a 6.5-284 barrel for one of my rifles . So much has been written on the web about horrendous barrel life of this cartridge , I figured I 'd look at pressures . For a 26 '' barrel , 50,979 PSI . I 'm thinking that the barrel life ca n't be that bad . Assume not shooting rapid fire and letting the barrel cool ; am I wrong ? At that pressure , would I not be expecting higher round count than 1K ?
I must say that I was surprised at the results with the .260 , by the way .
You can extend your barrel life on any caliber by simply not shooting it hot and keeping on shooting it .
Shoot a 3 round group and let it get back pretty close to ambient outdoor temp before shooting the next group and do it every time and you 'll be hard pressed to ever shoot one out assuming you are starting out with a quality barrel .
Break the barrel in good , clean it completely and send it off to have it melonited or otherwise heat treated and you 'll extend it even further .
Of all the 6.5 's if I was n't shooting the .260Rem I 'd probably move to the 6.5-284 but unless I find myself in the middle of a prairie dog town or invasion of pigs I probably wo n't ever shoot more than a handful of rounds on any given trip because frankly , if I do my part the .260 has been the most efficient `` one shot one kill '' rifle I 've ever had .
The wife and I together put 8 deer and four hogs , including one rather large boar in the freezer firing a total of 12 shots at all of them . That total is split between the Ruger and the Remington .
The mild recoil is a problem though because it makes you want to keep shooting even when you 're already sighted in and have verified your drops at several ranges . I 've shot the Swede , .260Rem and .264wm . It 's really hard to be the .260 in the all around which is why I now have three of them . One AR , one Ruger FTW Edition , and One Remington 700 Gen 2 5R . The AR has decent accuracy even after more than 1500 Rounds and the Ruger and Remington have both seen heavy use this season both on game and on Paper and I like them better every time I pull the trigger.You can extend your barrel life on any caliber by simply not shooting it hot and keeping on shooting it.Shoot a 3 round group and let it get back pretty close to ambient outdoor temp before shooting the next group and do it every time and you 'll be hard pressed to ever shoot one out assuming you are starting out with a quality barrel.Break the barrel in good , clean it completely and send it off to have it melonited or otherwise heat treated and you 'll extend it even further.Of all the 6.5 's if I was n't shooting the .260Rem I 'd probably move to the 6.5-284 but unless I find myself in the middle of a prairie dog town or invasion of pigs I probably wo n't ever shoot more than a handful of rounds on any given trip because frankly , if I do my part the .260 has been the most efficient `` one shot one kill '' rifle I 've ever had.The wife and I together put 8 deer and four hogs , including one rather large boar in the freezer firing a total of 12 shots at all of them . That total is split between the Ruger and the Remington.The mild recoil is a problem though because it makes you want to keep shooting even when you 're already sighted in and have verified your drops at several ranges .
Without the First and Second Amendments the rest of The Constitution is Meaningless . __________________Without the First and Second Amendments the rest of The Constitution is Meaningless .
Nothing interesting ever goes on in rural Iowa , but nevertheless , something strange has happened to Jeremy Heldt and Sarah Jane Shepherd . Recently , customers at the Video Hut in Nevada , Iowa—the video rental store where Jeremy works , and which Sarah Jane owns—have returned copies of teen rom-com She 's All That and Peter Bogdanovich-directed drama Targets that they claim are just a little… off .
This is the unsettling lead to John Darnielle 's second novel , Universal Harvester , a book about twenty-somethings unraveling a mystery located within the sleepy Midwestern sprawl . As he inches toward some explanation of the videotapes , we get references to police reports , diaries of main characters read years later . Darnielle teases versions of the story where Jeremy 's curiosity subsides , and he 's able to find a happier ending , moving to a bigger city or finding a better job . But that 's not the case here , Darnielle warns : “ In this version , he keeps his job at the Video Hut , and then something else happens . ”
For example , the tape of Targets starts out normally before narrative is interrupted by scenes that are n't in the original film—which someone like Jeremy , who does n't know much about a movie like Targets , can easily tell . In one of those scenes , a hooded figure sits strapped to a chair inside of what appears to be an outhouse . At least she appears to be strapped to the chair , but she stands up and starts making a series of alien yet graceful poses , like someone trying to mimic ballet after only reading about it in books . An unseen figure from behind the camera extends his hand , which is holding a paintbrush , and begins to trace shapes onto the person 's hood . The shapes are indiscernible . The camera moves to a door , then gets flipped on its side , right before someone speaks “ Wait . I didn't— ” and is cut off .
There are other scenes like this on other tapes , which have rightfully freaked them out . Things get creepier than Sarah Jane realizes she recognizes the location of the outhouse by spotting a familiar house in the background of an exterior shot , which is seen in another tape . Without telling anyone , she pursues her instinct to Collins , a nearby town , and meets a woman who seems obviously connected to the videos , though it is n't apparent how . Sarah Jane leaves without incident , but as she tells Jeremy , the suggestion of something eerie living so close by paralyzes her with anxiety :
“ I grew up out there , ” she said again . She looked at Jeremy , making sure he was there to bear witness . “ That place has been there since I was a kid . ”
“ Collins ? ” said Jeremy .
“ The house , ” said Sarah Jane , reaching back into her purse and retrieving the printout of the frame from when my hand slipped and the front porch came into view .
That seamless , hair-raising switch from third-person to first-person—from when my hand slipped—is the first sign in Universal Harvester that this mystery is unfolding under the control of a specific someone who has seen how all of these ends . The unreliable narrator with potentially sinister motivations is a new wrinkle within Darnielle 's work , which has long concerned itself with the small town loser—the pimply teens plotting a death metal band , the tweakers losing their minds inside of a Travelodge . His first novel , 2014 's Wolf in White Van , followed the lonely life of the disfigured creator behind a mail-order tabletop RPG . Universal Harvester is largely the story of Jeremy , a late '90s nobody whose mother died in a car accident six years ago , when he was still a teenager . He lives with his father , a stand-up guy , and the two men have locked themselves in a comfortable if dreary co-dependent routine , marked by the number of beers consumed and college football games watched .
Like many young people trapped by their circumstances , Jeremy is n't dumb , but he does n't have much going on and lacks the will to get after it . Better job opportunities pass by , and he evades them ; crushes develop , and he does n't pursue them . “ He feels ashamed of being twenty-two years old and not having made anything of himself yet ; he 's resentful when something reminds him of it , ” Darnielle writes .
It turns out that more of the tapes contain these types of weird clips , whose secrets do not reveal themselves upon repeated viewings . He , along with Sarah Jane and a customer named Stephanie , decide to play detective , though it takes them a while to motivate themselves into properly pursuing the threads . ( It 's the Midwest ; it 's easy to do nothing . ) What they discover sets off a chain of events spanning decades , as the mystery unfurls . We leap to the story of a young woman whose mother joins what appears to be a religious cult ; we vault ahead to a family that discovers what Jeremy was getting himself into , before the answers have been provided for us .
All of this makes Universal Harvester seem like a horror novel , though there 's none of the easy release of finding a monster hiding in the closet . “ I want that glimmering moment from before the thing you do n't want to see happens , ” Darnielle said in an interview . “ I want that moment of dread. ” He was inspired to write this book out of a desire to capture the shopworn , jocular conversational rhythms found in the Midwest , where definitive meanings are subsumed by hints and gestures . Universal Harvester contains so many friendly conversations where nothing is revealed , until suddenly and subtly , something is .
Darnielle 's anonymous narrator combines a documentarian 's clinical flatness with a pragmatist 's clear-eyed understanding . The moments of dread do n't overwhelm the book , as we pass the time with characters whose lives have n't been entirely consumed by the mystery of the tapes . He often pulls back from one of those telling conversations with analysis meant to evoke sympathy and respect . In one scene , Stephanie tells Jeremy he has to get out of Iowa :
He wrinkled his brow , alone there in the store with Stephanie , trying not to feel stung but thinking she could probably see it on him . “ No I do n't , ” he said . “ You 're right , ” she said , their eyes meeting . Not too long . “ I hope I see you before I leave , anyway. ” Then she smiled the smile that few outside the region will ever master , a no-problems look that paves over rough road without making any big deal about it . But he felt the needle land where she 'd aimed it , as he did sometimes when people who did n't understand his family weighed in about his life , telling him how it looked from the outside . Another nagging little question lodged like a bit of grapeshot in his chest . It was nothing major , but the place where he stored them all was running out of room .
Both Universal Harvester and Wolf in White Van are centered around mysteries that resolve so slowly the answers come as a foregone conclusion , as if the reader is lowering into a darkened mine shaft whose floor becomes visible from several feet away . The reader 's eyes adjust ; his feet brush against the bottom before finding stable footing . Wolf in White Van gives a more explicit answer as to why its protagonist is the way he is , but Universal Harvester makes a slow pivot away from its horror beginnings , before ending in a more tender place than I could 've anticipated . I finished the book with a mild sense of disappointment , waiting for a moment of skin-freezing revelation that never came . Where was the heart-pounding action , the blood-curdling scream , the heightened stakes ?
Well , maybe in genre fiction or in pop songs , but not here . It 's tempting to compare Darnielle 's prose to his songwriting , because so much of his music draws its power from his ability to craft and conclude intimate , believable worlds in just a few lines . His best known songs like “ This Year ” or “ No Children ” introduce a scenario—the troubled teenager , the warring couple—and steadily build to triumphant catharsis . Similarly , Wolf in White Van burrowed into a life marked by tragedy , until a conclusive , harrowing climax built up by the pinpoint detail of the narration .
Universal Harvester , by contrast , views its characters from a distance . Their motivations are simple , or altogether unexplained . As time goes on , we learn they 're unified by grief , which has warped them from the inside and erected a wall between them and other people . At one point , Jeremy 's father—a widower , and father to someone who might veer from a good path—describes how he 's chosen to survive the loss of his wife . “ I watch what 's left of my life like a security guard on the night shift , checking the locks when I know I do n't need to , pacing the perimeter of someplace nobody 's going to break into , except that you never know , ” he writes . “ Something could happen . So you keep watch . They do n't pay security guards just because they 're a few bodies short on the payroll . ”
The revelation of what 's going on with the videotapes does n't come until late , either , and yet it 's still a little unclear precisely what was going on . By that time , though , Darnielle has ably described how the bigger , more unresolvable mysteries might animate an entire life . One meditation on the resiliency of children hints at these underlying fractures , as Darnielle explains the mechanism that allows one of his characters , a young girl , to overcome the unexplained disappearance of a parent .
“ It 's efficient , and flexible , and probably transferable from one person to another should they catch the scent on each other , ” he writes . “ But the rest of the details about it is n't observable from the outside . You have to be closer than you really want to get to see how it works. ” This is a telling wink—an acknowledgement that Darnielle , for all of his literary ability , might never be able to put his finger on the exact way grief operates on a person . But the point is that people go on , even if the explanation of what happened to them remains occluded , out of sight .
Listen to an excerpt of Universal Harvester 's audiobook , read by Darnielle :
The Israel Defense Forces have confirmed reports from Gaza that tanks attacked positions belonging to the Hamas terrorist organization in southern Gaza , in response to the high trajectory fire that was carried out at an open area in the Eshkol Council Region .
The IDF said the Air Force was also involved in the retaliation .
Read more
Copyright infringement : Author slams N100m lawsuit on Stephanie Okereke for ‘ Dry '
Nollywood actress , Stephanie Okereke , has been slammed a N100m lawsuit by an author – Daniella Madudu – for alleged copyright infringement of her book titled : “ Behind Her Veil. ” Madudu claims that major parts of her book were lifted and used without any form of acknowledgement to her in Stephanie Okereke 's movie – “ Dry ” According to …
The post Copyright infringement : Author slams N100m lawsuit on Stephanie Okereke for ‘ Dry ' appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News , CBS This Morning , Dr. Phil , Judge Judy , 60 Minutes , NFL football , and your favorite CBS shows . Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony 's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2017-2018 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter [ … ]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state 's most trusted sources for news and information . As a market leading news resource since 1967 , WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest , most experienced local news teams on the radio in America . Follow @ WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the [ … ]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country . For 50 years , 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area . Famous around the world for its slogan , “ YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES , WE 'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD , ” no other radio station [ … ]
WFANAs the world 's first 24-hour all-sports radio station , WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business . Since its debut on July 1 , 1987 , dozens of stations have copied the all sports format , but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN . WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State [ … ]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group , a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country . Got a nose for news ? E-mail us your newstips ! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St. , New York , NY 10019 . [ … ]
A Wearside bus driver is to embark on his latest charity challenge as he bids to raise much-needed cash for his beloved church .
Stagecoach North East employee Alan Beck , 63 , from Washington , will take on a coast-to-coast walk over seven days and 100 miles .
Alan Beck plans his charity walk .
Alan , who was born only yards away from Holy Trinity Church in South Hetton , will be setting off on Sunday from Bowness-on-Solway to help raise funds for the venue 's damaged roof .
Alan , who has worked at the depot in Sunderland for the past 37 years , has planned his own route and accommodation for the week-long trek , finishing in Seaburn on Sunday , August 26 , where his family will meet him .
Not content with walking over 100 miles from West to East , Alan plans to recover for one day and then walk from Seaburn to his much loved church in South Hetton , joined by his family and friends as he walks through the villages for his final collection .
The roof at Holy Trinity Church is in desperate need of repair due to extremely bad weather , so £50,000 must be found for restoration work and long term repairs .
Over £14,000 has been raised so far , with Alan contributing a whopping £9,000 when he completed a tandem parachute jump in October 2015 .
Speaking about his latest fund-raiser , Alan said : “ I first had the idea early in 2016 - and wanted to something different to help raise more funds for the roof restoration - but realised it was too soon after the parachute jump so I put it on hold until this year .
“ It has taken some preparation , especially around my job and duties as a church warden , with three or four trips to Bowness-on-Solway for accommodation and route planning .
“ Originally I was planning to do a joint expedition with the vicar for the church but unfortunately he has had to pull out due to ill health , so I will be mostly travelling on my own .
“ However , I am looking forward to meeting people along the way and I have had some great support from the B & Bs that I will be staying at en route . ”
Alan has kindly been offered a private donation of £500 to cover his accommodation but will be providing his own food and travel expenses .
During the walk , Alan plans to listen to his favourite bands , including Beatles and Queen , and is looking forward to growing a beard while away , as back at home his wife prefers him clean shaven .
He added : “ For me , the most difficult stage will be the fourth day where I walk from Alston to Cowshill , as it is very hilly , and I even have the lady owner of the B & B looking out for me .
“ I see this as a personal journey for myself as well as raising money and I do n't think it has ever been done before so I am now just hoping for nice weather along the way . ”
Laura Smith , operations manager for Stagecoach North East 's Sunderland depot , said : “ We are tremendously proud of Alan and wish him the very best on his walking challenge . ”
Now that spring is officially in full swing that means warmer weather and plenty of activities ! Amped up workouts , trips to the pool or beach and just generally being outdoors more in the heat can affect your pH balance . Vagisil pH Balance Wash is clinically proven to help maintain a balanced pH level . ( www.vagisil.com )
Advertisement
Khalid has released a new video for his song “ OTW ” with Ty Dolla $ ign and 6lack . The three artists appear as a proto-boy band in the the CALMATIC-directed clip , performing synchronized steps and wearing coordinated outfits in staged alleys and a glossy bedroom . Those scenes are interspersed with clips of young people getting together and recreating a jean commercial . Watch the video below .
Hyundai Motor Co. will invest $ 388 million to expand and upgrade its engine manufacturing operations in Montgomery , Ala. , and create 50 new jobs .
The Seoul-based automaker will spend about $ 40 million to build a new engine head machining facility that will be completed in November and operational by mid-2019 , according to a statement . The rest of the investment will go toward equipment and updating its existing engine plant to support production of Sonata and Elantra sedans .
Hyundai started building vehicles in Alabama in 2005 and now has about 2,700 full-time and 500 part-time employees working at the Montgomery complex .
By John Lippert
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Traffic Jam Remains Despite Opening Of New East Legon Tunnel – Peace FM Online
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON — An investment firm that once hired Michael Flynn has denied he sent text messages during President Donald Trump 's inauguration indicating U.S. sanctions would be “ ripped up ” so a nuclear reactor project in the Middle East involving Russian interests could proceed .
The firm , however , cited only one set of cellphone records to show that there were no text messages between Flynn and the firm 's managing director on Inauguration Day . That leaves open the possibility that Flynn relied on other devices or private messaging applications .
Before becoming White House national security adviser , Flynn was advising ACU Strategies on a project to build nuclear reactors in the Middle East that had been stymied by sanctions targeting Russia .
Last week , Maryland Democrat Rep. Elijah Cummings said a whistleblower reported that ACU 's managing director boasted on Inauguration Day that he had exchanged texts with Flynn indicating that the project was “ good to go ” and that U.S. sanctions hobbling the project would be “ ripped up . ”
Cummings , the top Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , said the account raised serious questions about the blurring of Flynn 's private and public interests .
Flynn , who spent a month as Trump 's top national security aide before he was fired by the new president , pleaded guilty 10 days ago to lying to FBI agents about his conversations with Russia 's ambassador about the Obama administration 's Russia sanctions .
Flynn is now co-operating with Special Counsel Robert Mueller 's probe into Russia 's alleged meddling in the 2016 presidential election . Cummings said last week in a letter to House Oversight committee chairman Trey Gowdy , R-S.C. , that his staff had informed Mueller 's office about the whistleblower 's account and delayed making the information public “ until they completed certain investigative steps . They have now informed us that they have done so . ”
In ACU 's letter to Cummings last week , Thomas Cochran , the firm 's senior scientist , said the witness ' allegations “ are patently false and unfounded. ” Cochran said that phone billing records for the firm 's managing director showed no communications with Flynn .
On Monday , Cummings ' staff released his response to Cochran 's denial , questioning whether the text message billing records it cited covered all communications on Jan. 20 between Flynn and Copson . Cummings noted that Copson could have messaged with Flynn through encryption applications that would not reveal the texts in billing statements .
“ Of course , it is possible that you were using a messaging application that does not generate a telephone company record . It is possible that the website printout that you provided does not reflect all text messages , ” Cummings said to Copson . Cummings urged Copson to allow House investigators to question him “ to help resolve these questions . ”
It was also not clear whether Flynn had been provided a government cellphone by the inauguration or owned a private cellphone with another number — or whether Copson was using another phone at the time .
Both Copson and Cochran worked with Flynn starting in 2015 when the former U.S. Army lieutenant general joined up with ACU in its plan to build dozens of reactors in the Mideast with aid from Russian and other international firms . Copson has said that his firm provided Flynn with a $ 25,000 check — left uncashed — and paid expenses for Flynn 's 2015 trop to the Mideast to aid the project .
Cochran said that Copson sent only two messages and received only one message on the day of Trump 's inauguration . None came from a cellphone that Flynn used when he worked for the firm in 2015 and 2016 , Cochran said .
Copson 's billing statements “ flatly contradict the core allegation that Mr. Copson received a text message from General Flynn during President Trump 's inaugural speech , ” Cochran said in his note to Cummings .
Tired of his male friends and colleagues complaining of being criticized for not manning up when they feel fluish , Dr. Kyle Sue set out for evidence that “ man flu ” is legitimate .
According to his review , men are n't whiners , but rather the immunologically inferior sex , a phenomenon for which there might be evolutionary explanations .
Sue found evidence men tend to have worse symptoms , be hospitalized more , and die more often from influenza than women , regardless of underlying disease .
“ The concept of man flu , as commonly defined , is potentially unjust , ” Sue , a clinical assistant professor in family medicine at Memorial University of Newfoundland , concludes in the Christmas edition of the British Medical Journal . The annual issue features quirky , peer-reviewed scientific papers based on real data . ( “ While we welcome light-hearted fare and satire , we do not publish spoofs , hoaxes or fabricated studies , ” the prestigious journal assures . )
As Sue reported , the Oxford dictionary defines man flu “ as a cold or similar minor ailment as experienced by a man who is regarded as exaggerating the severity of symptoms . ”
“ Since about half the world 's population is male , deeming male viral respiratory symptoms as ‘ exaggerated ' without rigorous scientific evidence , could have important implications for men , including insufficient provision of care , ” Sue wrote .
So , he performed a literature search , using combinations of terms such as “ man/male , “ woman/female , ” “ flu ” , “ viral ” “ difference . ”
First came animal studies showing female mice have stronger immune responses than male . University of Ottawa researchers reported last year that male mice infected with a bacterial infection “ displayed more sickness behaviour ” and bigger fluctuations in temperature than female mice . ( “ We do n't see the mice curl up with a blanket , ” researcher Nafissa Ismail told the U of O Gazette , “ but they huddle together , lose their appetite , become lethargic and their eyelids become droopy . ” )
Mice are n't the perfect stand-ins for humans . However , Sue also found studies suggesting sex differences in human exposure to influenza .
For example , one U.S. study that examined flu-related deaths from 1997 to 2007 found that , for adults , within several age groups , the rate of flu-associated mortality was somewhat higher in men than in women , regardless of underlying heart disease , cancer , chronic respiratory disease or kidney disease .
A 2013 study by Stanford University researchers found women tend to have a generally stronger antibody response to flu shots compared to men with high amounts of circulating testosterone ( men with relatively low testosterone responded more or less the same as women ) . That suggests higher levels of testosterone suppress the immune system , while estrogen is immune-enhancing .
Others have found the sex differences appear to disappear when menopause hits and estrogen levels fall .
Sue cautions that some of the evidence was “ low-level ” and did n't control for other differences between the sexes . Men , for example , are more likely than women to smoke more and less likely to see a doctor when they do get sick .
However , if the gender differences are real , “ men may not be exaggerating symptoms but have weaker immune responses to viral respiratory viruses , leading to greater morbidity and mortality than seen in women , ” Sue writes .
Some have postulated a robust immune system is less vital for men , from an evolutionary perspective , “ because males of many species are more likely to die from trauma before an infection kills them , ” Sue said .
The energy needed to clear their bodies of viruses may have been better invested in other “ biological processes , ” he said , like growth , muscle development and reproduction .
“ Evolutionarily we selected more for men with bigger muscles and more physical strength as opposed to a better immune system , ” he said . Men also had to compete with other men — the “ live hard , die young ” strategy — that led to “ less investment in immunity . ”
Rather than dismissing men as exaggerating symptoms , itu2019s worth taking them seriously Dr. Kyle Sue
“ There are benefits to energy conservation when ill , ” Sue wrote . “ Lying on the couch , not getting out of bed or receiving assistance with activities of daily living could also be evolutionarily behaviors that protect against predators . ”
In an interview , Sue said he gets why women might complain when men do n't look as sick as they say they feel .
“ Is there a physiological basis for that , or is it just that women are more resilient and able to juggle more things than men can , ” he said . Though it 's changing , women generally shoulder more domestic duties . “ Women are feeling that , ‘ we have to deal with all of this , why ca n't men just be like us and manage more while they 're sick ? ' ”
“ Rather than dismissing men as exaggerating symptoms , it 's worth taking them seriously , ” he said . ( In his BMJ paper , Sue , tongue-in-cheek , recommends “ male friendly spaces , equipped with enormous televisions and reclining chairs to be set up where men can recover from the debilitating effects of man flu in safety and comfort . ” )
“ It 's not saying that women do n't need to rest as well and be taken care of when they 're ill , ” he said . “ Both genders could probably benefit from that . ”
• Email : skirkey @ postmedia.com | Twitter : sharon_kirkey
Benjamin Woolfield Mountfort was one of New Zealand 's most pre-eminent architects in the nineteenth century . He designed many important public buildings in Christchurch and was responsible for the adoption of the Gothic Revival style which characterised the city . This page gives background information on his life and works .
British beginnings
Mountfort was born on 13 March 1825 . He grew up in Birmingham , England , and studied architecture with Richard Cromwell Carpenter . Carpenter was an important member of the Gothic Revival movement and was a strong influence on Mountfort 's architectural style .
Arriving in Canterbury
On 20 August 1850 , Mountfort married Emily Newman . He travelled with his new wife on board the Charlotte Jane to Canterbury , arriving on 16 December 1850 .
His first design in New Zealand was for the Church of the Most Holy Trinity in Lyttelton . Unfortunately , unseasoned ( not fully dried ) timber was used , and after strong winds had buffeted it , it was decided that the church was not safe and it was demolished in 1857 . This incident did not help Mountfort 's career at first , although it was his knowledge of local timber and conditions that was the problem , not his skill as an architect . Until 1859 he ran a bookshop and worked as a drawing teacher . In that time he designed two more churches .
Architect to the province of Canterbury
By 1857 Mountfort and his partner and brother-in-law , Isaac Luck , had become architects to the province of Canterbury . Together they designed the new Canterbury Provincial Council Buildings , built between 1858-1865 . The stone chamber ( built in 1865 ) is thought of as the most important example of Mountfort 's work .
Gothic Revival A style of architecture popular in the nineteenth century . It was based on a return to the medieval look of pointed arches , steeply pitched roofs with gables , spires and other decoration . It was supposed to combine usefulness with design , with no additions such as windows , unless they were really needed , rather than just for the look of the building . It was regarded as the best architectural style for English colonies where there was no strong local architecture , and where the English Church was to have an important influence .
When the construction of ChristChurch Cathedral began in 1863 , the English architect , George Gilbert Scott , recommended Mountfort for the job of supervising architect ( looking after the day-to-day work on the building site ) . The Cathedral Commission insisted on an architect from England instead . After the building had been delayed because of money problems , Mountfort was made supervising architect when work finally started again in 1873 .
New Zealand 's leading church architect
Other buildings designed by Mountfort were the Canterbury Museum ( 1869-1882 ) , Canterbury College ( now the Arts Centre ) , which included the clock-tower block ( 1877 ) and the Great Hall ( 1882 ) . Nowhere else in New Zealand has there been a collection of public buildings in the Gothic Revival style .
He was elected president of the Canterbury Association of Architects when it was formed in 1872 . By the 1880s Mountfort was recognised as the country 's leading church architect , with the design of over forty churches to his name .
Benjamin Mountfort died on 15 March 1898 , in Christchurch .
Status of Mountfort 's buildings post-quakes
Several of the buildings designed by Mountfort were damaged in the earthquakes of 2010 and 2011 . The status of some of his most well-known buildings is listed below :
Information about Mountfort-designed buildings belonging to the Christchurch City Council can be found in its Facilities Rebuild Plan .
Sources
Ian J. Lochhead . Mountfort , Benjamin Woolfield — Biography , from the Dictionary of New Zealand Biography . Te Ara - the Encyclopedia of New Zealand , updated 1-Sep-10
Benjamin Woolfield Mountfort , Aotearoa New Zealand Centre information file , Christchurch City Libraries .
Dictionary of New Zealand biography , Vol . 1 , 1769-1869 . Wellington , 1990 .
Find out more about Mountfort and the Gothic Revival
In our catalogue
Related pages
Other websites
MESA , Ariz. — Right-hander Trevor Cahill and the Oakland Athletics have finalized a $ 1.25 million , one-year contract .
As part of the deal announced Monday , Cahill would get a $ 250,000 assignment bonus if traded .
The 30-year-old was 4-3 with a 4.03 ERA last season in 14 starts and seven relief appearances for San Diego and Kansas City , which acquired him on July 24 . He had a $ 1.75 million salary and earned a $ 250,000 assignment bonus but fell short of a $ 250,000 bonus that would have been triggered by his 15th start .
Oakland drafted Cahill in the second round in 2006 with the 66th overall pick . He made his big league debut with the A 's in 2009 and was an All-Star in 2010 .
He has a 73-79 record with a 4.11 ERA in nine big league seasons that include time with Oakland ( 2009-11 ) , Arizona ( 2012-14 ) , Atlanta ( 2015 ) and the Chicago Cubs ( 2015-16 ) .
To clear a roster spot , Oakland placed 26-year-old right-hander Jharel Cotton on the 60-day disabled list . Cotton is scheduled for Tommy John surgery Wednesday . He was 9-10 with a 5.58 ERA in 24 starts for the A 's last year .
——
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Price stepped down as girls ' basketball coach earlier this month after eight seasons and 10 wins shy of the Tigerettes ' alltime wins record . That was roughly the same time frame E.J . Wood resigned as baseball coach to take a position in the Wilson County Schools central office .
The 49-year-old Price is no stranger to the diamond , having served on Wood 's staff and as head coach at Watertown Middle before his wife , Kayla , became principal last year . He became pitching coach of the Purple Tigers this spring after Nathan Holcomb moved to take the same position under Mark Purvis at Mt . Juliet .
He pitched as a freshman at Trevecca Nazarene in the spring of 1987 before a pre-existing arm injury became too painful to endure . Price uses a different arm slot to throw batting practice now .
The decision to leave basketball was a family matter with the oldest son Seth playing baseball at Lindsey Wilson College and middle son Heath , entering his senior year at WHS , a college football prospect .
“ In my heart , I decided I had done I could do with basketball , ” said Price , who coached the Tigerettes to a District 8-A championship and is the first girls ' coach to leave with a career winning record since 1950 . He said leaving hoops will leave the holiday season , the busiest time of year in basketball , open to spend time with family . He 's also anticipating watching Heath play football in college late in the season , either in a playoff or bowl game .
“ I want to go to that , ” Price said . “ I do n't want to miss it . ”
The Purple Tigers lost four seniors from the recently-completed 7-20 baseball season with six or seven regulars , depending on who 's pitching , returning .
“ I 'm excited about the new job , ” Price said . “ If we can come in and get after it , we 'll be all right . I 'm excited about what we got coming back . ”
Price will also be the second coach to lead the Tigers in their on-campus facility which opened in the fall of 2014 . Previous to the new school , Watertown played in the city-owned Three Forks Park since reviving the sport in 1988 following a five-decade hiatus .
“ It 's a beautiful facility , ” Price said of the home of the Tigers . “ A beautiful place to watch a game and play a game . All the things are in place to be successful . ”
CARACAS , Venezuela — Venezuelans already struggling to find food , medicine and other basic necessities have a new shortage to worry about : cash .
Troubling shortfalls of Venezuelan bolivars are forcing many in this distressed South American nation to form long lines outside banks several times a week to withdraw what little cash is available . Others are resorting to bartering goods and services to skirt cash transactions .
“ As if we did n't have enough problems already , ” said Roberto Granadillo , 37 , a watchmaker . “ Now we ca n't even find bills . ”
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro blames the cash crunch on mafias moving bills overseas in an attempt to derail the nation 's economy , though he 's presented only scant evidence to back the claim . What is certain is that the country 's triple-digit inflation continues to skyrocket , meaning Venezuelans must find larger quantities of the scarce bills to purchase even relatively inexpensive items like bread or a cup of coffee — or turn to electronic transfers from their bank accounts .
The Venezuelan government released new , higher denomination bills in values of 500 , 5,000 and 20,000 bolivars earlier this year after the currency meltdown left the country 's then-largest note worth around 2 U.S. cents on the black market .
But now even the freshly minted bills , printed in rainbow hues and imported in part from the United States , are quickly dwindling in value . In January , one U.S. dollar was worth 4,578 bolivars on Venezuela 's pervasive black market ; by October a U.S. dollar got you 29,170 bolivars , according to DolarToday , a website critical of the government that tracks the black market rate .
Analysts project Venezuela 's inflation could surpass 1,000 per cent this year and many Venezuelans worry recently announced sanctions by the Trump administration prohibiting U.S. banks from issuing new credit to the Venezuelan government or its state oil company will deepen the economic crisis . In September , Venezuelan authorities enacted stricter banking and business regulations in an attempt to stem the tide of bolivar bills . Officials are also considering printing bills in even higher values .
The cash shortage is already being felt in the daily lives of Venezuelans like Granadillo , who said his weekly income has slipped more than 50 per cent as customers use the bills they are able to obtain to purchase food instead of comparative luxuries like a watch repair .
Instead of cash , he has recently begun accepting a new form a payment : A kilo ( 2.2 pounds ) of ham , chicken or beef in exchange for a newly ticking watch .
“ You have to find a way to eat , ” Granadillo said .
At the start of 2017 , a 20,000 bolivar bills — the equivalent of about $ 6 and the largest denomination of Venezuelan currency — could easily purchase five basic food products : rice , coffee , corn flour , sugar and pasta . Now Jose Guerra , president of the opposition-controlled National Assembly 's Finance Commission , estimates that a 20,000-bolivar note only has the purchasing power to obtain just one of those and half a standard-sized portion of another . He said the bolivar 's value has crashed 75 per cent between January and August , and that banks are limiting the amount of cash they let customers withdraw because the Central Bank is not providing enough bills .
“ You need a lot more bills , ” Guerra said . “ And they are n't there . ”
The escalating cash crunch comes on the heels of four months of political upheaval that left at least 120 people dead in near-daily protests decrying Maduro 's rule . In early August , a new , all-powerful constitutional assembly was installed following a vote boycotted by the opposition . One of the new assembly 's first acts was to declare itself superior to all other branches of government , making the nation 's already weakened legislature an essentially powerless institution .
Jose Gil , director of Venezuelan polling firm Datanalisis , said the cash shortfall carries a “ very high price ” for Maduro 's government but the opposition has not been able to capitalize on the discontent .
Venezuela 's Central Bank injected 849 million bills in varying denominations into the nation 's economy up until August , three times the amount released over the same time period in 2016 — yet still not enough to keep up with inflation . It 's not uncommon to see Venezuelans paying for goods with large wads of cash , and authorities have opened investigations into citizens caught hoarding substantial amounts , even if they add up to relatively small dollar values .
In one high-profile probe , prosecutors last month seized 200 million bolivars — the equivalent of about $ 8,000 at the black market rate — from activist Lilian Tintori , the wife of Leopoldo Lopez , the country 's most prominent political prisoner . The cash was found in steel-clad wooden boxes in the back of her car . Tintori claimed the investigation was part of a pattern of persecution against her family and that the cash was needed to pay for emergencies including the hospitalization of her 100-year-old grandmother .
Venezuelan Banking Superintendent Antonio Morales recently told Union Radio that bolivar notes leaving banking institutions are not being returned , as typically happens when cash shifts from customers to commercial businesses and back to banks . He said investigators have uncovered evidence that contraband networks are moving paper cash out of Venezuela and into Colombia . Officials recently detained 121 people allegedly involved in currency crimes , though no details on the charges were released .
Morales also blamed some local businesses for hoarding cash .
Meanwhile , Venezuelans like Maria Castillo , who works in the kitchen at a public hospital , are struggling to purchase food to sustain their families with the little cash they are able to obtain . The 70-year-old recently waited in an hour-long line at her bank to take out the maximum allowed : 10,000 bolivars — the equivalent of $ 3 .
A day later , she was back in line at the bank .
“ I could only buy a package of rice , ” Castillo said . “ Now I 'm waiting in line again for the same amount . ”
————–
Follow Fabiola Sanchez on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/fisanchezn
MOSCOW — A committee of the Russian parliament has recommended the adoption of a proposed law that would require journalists working for media outlets designated as foreign agents to register as agents themselves .
The measure , which the lower parliament 's information committee recommended on Tuesday , follows a law adopted last year under which Russia can designate media outlets receiving foreign government funding as foreign agents .
Naming an outlet as a foreign agent does not block its work but casts aspersions on its credibility . Demanding that individual journalists register as agents could produce a chilling effect .
The proposed law “ is the latest step in the Russian authorities ' systematic policy towards obstructing the free flow of news , ” said Gulonoza Said of the Committee to Protect Journalists in a statement Tuesday .
A 23-year-old , Russian-born violinist named Artem Kolesov is capturing international attention after posting a YouTube video in which he comes out as gay .
The son of two Pentecostal pastors in a small town an hour away from Moscow , Kolesov says that he has struggled for most of his life to reconcile his sexual orientation with his Christian beliefs and his family 's views . `` In my family , '' Kolesov says in his video , `` I often heard that all gays should be destroyed , that they should be bombed , and that if anyone in our family turns out to be gay , my family should kill them with their bare hands . ''
In the video , Kolesov also recounts wrenching episodes from throughout his life . At age seven , he prayed that he would die before his mother found out that he liked boys . He also endured physical and sexual abuse from one of his brothers , who threatened to out him to his parents if Kolesov told anyone about the abuse , and later attempted suicide several times .
Growing up , he says , `` I never heard anything good about gay people . All I knew was that gays are the people who everyone should hate . I was scared because I knew that I was gay . I did n't know anyone who I could talk to about it . It seemed that I was the only gay person in Russia . ''
The violinist made his video as part of the Russian `` Children-404 '' project , which invites teenagers to share their stories and discuss LGBT issues in Russia . In most of their photos and videos , participants shield their identities by holding up a `` Children-404 '' sign in front of their faces .
Instead of creating an anonymous contribution , Kolesov chose to share his name and face , to let fellow LGBT youth in Russia feel less isolated . He recorded the video in Russian , but also provided English subtitles . `` We do n't come out for heterosexual people to know , '' he says in his video , which he published on March 29 . `` We do n't come out for the ones who hate us to know . We shout and make as much noise as possible just so other people like us who are scared and ca n't be themselves would know that they are not a mistake and they are not alone . ''
Formerly based in Canada , Kolesov now lives in Chicago , where he is first violinist in the Yas Quartet , which is in residence at Roosevelt University 's Chicago College of Performing Arts . Last summer , his ensemble took third prize in the Chamber Division at the Schoenfeld International String Competition which was held in Harbin , China .
In his video , Kolesov contrasts his family 's pleasure in his musical accomplishments with their reaction to his coming out . `` They are ashamed to have a gay son and brother , '' he says . `` They wish that this part of my identity did n't exist . Interesting that my family is proud of me for being a violinist , and is so ashamed of me for being gay , though both of these are parts of my identity . ''
In the aftermath of releasing his video , Kolesov told BuzzFeed that he 's already begun to experience the impact of his decision to come out so publicly . He has received many positive messages from friends and strangers alike , but he said that he is afraid of being arrested if he returns to Russia , under enforcement of a vaguely worded but broad `` anti-gay propaganda '' law . Earlier this month , there were reports that more than 100 gay men in Chechnya were arrested and tortured , with some of them reportedly killed by police . ( Authorities have denied both the arrests and the deaths . )
Kolesov is also not currently on speaking terms with his relatives , and told BuzzFeed , `` Even if I go back to Russia , I 'm not sure I would be feeling completely safe with my own family . ''
THESSALONIKI , Greece ( AP ) — Under heavy security , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is in northern Greece to discuss plans to become a key supplier of European energy through an ambitious Mediterranean undersea natural gas pipeline project .
Netanyahu met in Thessaloniki , Greece 's second largest city , with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras , while Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades was also due to attend the talks .
More than 3,500 police officers were deployed for security around the city , which historically had a large Jewish community that was almost wiped out during the Nazi occupation in World War Two .
Israel is hoping to export much of its newly discovered natural gas to Europe by a proposed undersea pipeline to Cyprus and Greece .
Police are asking for the public 's help in identifying the gunman responsible for a deadly shooting in Baton Rouge on May 20 .
The Baton Rouge Police Department released a surveillance photo of the suspect Wednesday morning .
The deceased victim was identified as Marcus Clay , 45 .
Detectives reported the shooting happened on North Harco Drive around 10 p.m .
Sgt . Don Coppola Jr. said Clay was seen in the area suffering from gunshot wounds and he later died at the hospital from his injuries .
Authorities believe the shooting stemmed from an argument .
Investigators believe the suspect in the photograph shot Clay .
Anyone with information about this shooting is urged to call Crime Stoppers at 225-344-7867 .
Copyright 2018 WAFB . All rights reserved .
SIX ROADS , N.B . — A dramatic , three-vehicle New Brunswick crash involving a logging truck has claimed the life of a Canton-des-Basques man .
Tracadie RCMP say the man was driving on Highway 11 near Six Roads Thursday afternoon when his car crossed the centre line and collided with a transport truck hauling logs .
Police say the driver of the car died at the scene , while a female passenger was taken to hospital with serious injuries .
They say the driver of a second car was unable to avoid the collision , but the 27-year-old woman and her two children under the age of five were not injured .
RCMP says the truck driver lost control of his rig following the collision and went off an overpass , slamming into the road below .
They say the 43-year-old man was taken to hospital but is expected to survive his injuries .
An RCMP collision reconstructionist is assisting with the investigation .
With the Missouri General Assembly slated to convene in a few weeks , the Municipal League of Metro St. Louis is scrambling in case state lawmakers decide to intervene in the region 's long-standing debate over a possible merger of St. Louis and St. Louis County .
At least 50 area municipalities are planning to ask the St. Louis County Council Tuesday to oppose any sort of statewide vote on the matter . The St. Louis Board of Aldermen could face a similar request shortly .
The league is hoping to pre-empt any possible pro-merger action by Missouri Senate President Pro Tem Ron Richard . Members remain abuzz over comments the Joplin Republican made to St. Louis Public Radio a few months ago , when he said it 's time the General Assembly weigh in on the merger topic .
“ The county has all these municipalities and all these little fiefdoms , that someday guys like me from rural Missouri are going to say , ‘ Enough 's enough , ' “ Richard said . “ You guys are out of money , keep raising taxes . I think that 's not in the best interest of Missourians . We 're going to have to start merging . ”
Richard explained last week that he 's simply calling for state lawmakers to discuss the idea , and he 's not endorsing any specific proposal . Richard emphasized that he certainly would want to hear from local officials and lawmakers .
Still , the municipal league is alarmed . That 's why it has drawn up the resolution that it hopes the County Council and the St. Louis Board of Aldermen will support .
The resolution asserts that a possible statewide vote might be looming , and that it is “ a scheme '' to circumvent merger opponents in the city and county .
Area officials remain divided
Pat Kelly , League executive director , said that the fate of any merger idea should be left up to St. Louis and St. Louis County residents – not the state of Missouri .
St. Louis Public Radio 's Jo Mannies looks at the latest twists in the ongoing debate about some sort of merger between St. Louis and St. Louis County .
“ It 's kind of the foundation of our country , that your vote should count in the areas that affect you , ” Kelly said . “ That 's kind of the whole reason for the Boston Tea Party , right ? ”
He may get a sympathetic reception from County Council Chairman Sam Page , a Democrat from Creve Coeur . “ I would hope that county voters would be able to decide their own fate , not the state legislature , '' he said .
But St. Louis Mayor Lyda Krewson does n't see the threat .
She welcomes Richard 's interest in the merger debate , and said it shows state legislative leaders recognize the importance of the St. Louis region to the state . Among other things , the mayor said there 's no question that the St. Louis region is the “ economic engine '' for the state .
Krewson has long been a supporter of government consolidation , pointing to the region 's dozens of police and fire departments and “ 89 or 90 municipalities . ”
“ We 're spending a lot of money delivering services , ” the mayor added .
County Council Chairman Page agrees . “ I do think there are some opportunities to combine services with the city of St. Louis , ” he said .
Does ‘ fussing ' hurt region 's clout ?
Krewson adds that the region 's divisions do more than cost money .
“ We fuss among ourselves about where should this project go or that project go . Whether a project should go in Clayton , downtown or Hazelwood or Wildwood , ” the mayor said .
Krewson maintains that all that bickering is preventing area officials of focusing instead on how to best compete against other metropolitan areas , such as Louisville , Kansas City or Indianapolis .
County Executive Steve Stenger observed that since taking office in 2015 : “ I have seen firsthand some limitations that our regional governmental structures place on us . ”
That 's long been the message of Better Together , a nonprofit group set up several years ago to promote regional consolidation . Its financial backers include financier Rex Sinquefield , a fan of some sort of merger , such as allowing the city of St. Louis to re-enter the county . Others have floated combining St. Louis County 's municipalities and St. Louis into a “ mega-county . ”
Better Together held public hearings this fall to gauge the public 's interest . Nancy Rice , Better Together 's executive director , acknowledges that the public is divided . But she says there has been a common thread .
“ We have found a very strong appetite among a reasonably good size of the population for change , ” Rice said . “ Especially among young people . ”
Stenger says he 's withholding judgment until Better Together issues its report sometime next year . “ While I 've heard many possible solutions suggested , we need a deep dive and thorough analysis in order to have an open and intelligent discussion about this important issue , ” Stenger said .
Merging services not so controversial
St. Louis County Councilwoman Hazel Erby , a Democrat from University City , says she 's not hearing much support for any sort of merger . Her district includes many African-American municipal officials who have publicly voiced concern that a merger could dilute the region 's African-American political power .
“ I think there should be more education around the whole thing , ” Erby said . “ But right now , when I talk to my constituents , when they hear ‘ merge , ' they 're not in favor of it . ”
That does n't surprise national urban policy expert David Rusk , who 's the former mayor of Albuquerque , New Mexico . He was in St. Louis last week to offer advice to civic leaders about ways to improve regional cooperation .
Rusk said most successful city-county mergers – notably , the city of Indianapolis and Marion County – involved large tracts of undeveloped land and not too many smaller municipalities .
In contrast , St. Louis County already is heavily developed . With so many municipalities that have been entrenched for decades , Rusk believes it 's unrealistic to expect the region 's fragmented governmental structure to change much .
“ You really should n't concern yourselves with trying to formally merge governments , ” he said . “ Rather , devise ways in which they can work collaboratively together . ”
That 's a message that many members of the region 's Municipal League might be able to get behind .
Loading ...
Follow Jo Mannies on Twitter : @ jmannies
Find out who could be a Strictly Come Dancing 2018 contestant this autumn on BBC1
They Strictly Come Dancing line-up rumours are already in full swing , with plenty of actors , presenters and TV stars in the mix for 2018 .
Advertisement
But who will be pulling on the sequins and polishing up their salsa ? Although no names have yet been confirmed , what we do know is that there has been a change in Strictly 's backstage line-up this year .
Since 2013 Vinnie Shergill had been the talent executive for the show , signing up all of the Strictly celebrities . However , this year the job of curating Strictly 's line-up now falls to Stefania Aleksander , who has previously worked as a booker securing celebs for I 'm a Celebrity , The Jump , Five-Star Hotel and The Real Marigold Hotel , amongst other shows .
So who will be on that final confirmed list come the autumn ? Ahead of series 16 , we round up all of the whispers and gossip…
Chris Kamara
Sports presenter Chris Kamara is no stranger to the world of Strictly Come Dancing – he took part in the Sport Relief charity special earlier this year . Then , in April , he appeared to confirm he was going to take part in series 16 of the BBC show .
Speaking to Ben Shepherd , he was asked if he 'd got the Strictly bug from taking part in the Sport Relief episode . “ I think I have , ” Chris said . “ Sky have given me time off and I 'm going to do the show. ” When Ben clarified : “ What , you 're actually going to be on Strictly ? ” Chris responded : “ Yes , I think I am . ”
Although we should caveat this by saying Chris made these comments on April 1st – aka April Fools ' Day…
Anneka Rice
Iconic 80s TV star Anneka Rice is reportedly being lined up to take part in Strictly Come Dancing this year , according to The Sun .
Allegedly , Anneka was allegedly “ in talks ” with Strictly producers a few months ago . But will she be on the line-up when it 's confirmed this autumn ?
Chelsea Halfpenny
We recently asked Casualty star Chelsea Halfpenny whether there was any truth to the rumours that she was going to be on Strictly Come Dancing this year .
“ I know , I read that ! ” Chelsea said of the reports . “ I mean , I always say ‘ never say never ' but I just have to mention that I am not as light on my feet as my auntie – I do n't think I would have the success that she had ! ”
Chelsea 's aunt is Jill Halfpenny – the soap and drama star who went on to win Strictly 's second series back in 2004 . “ She is definitely the dancer in the family , ” adds Chelsea .
Read more about what Chelsea had to say about Strictly here – including the dance lessons she 's recently been having !
Maya Jama
The 23-year-old television and radio presenter is exactly the sort of rising star Strictly Come Dancing would love to sign up . Her long-term boyfriend is none other than Stormzy ( how amazing would it be to see him in the Strictly audience ? It 'd be even better than that time he popped up on Love Island ) and Maya is already part of the BBC family . She hosts on Radio 1 , as well as presenting ITV 's Cannonball .
Like Daisy Lowe and Mollie King before her , Maya would bring some much-needed cool credentials to the line-up .
Montana Brown
Former Love Island star Montana Brown has thrown her hat into the Strictly ring . Asked in a Superdrug magazine interview about starring in more reality shows , she said : “ The only other one I 'd do is Strictly , as I 'm a terrible dancer and I 'd love to learn properly . ”
John Bercow
After the odds for House of Commons Speaker John Bercow having to step down from his position were slashed , so were his odds of taking part in this year 's Strictly Come Dancing .
Bookies are currently offering 16/1 for John to be part of the line-up for series 16 of the BBC1 entertainment show . His wife Sally Bercow has already taken part in reality TV after being on Celebrity Big Brother back in 2011 .
Lizzy Yarnold
Double Winter Olympic champion Lizzy Yarnold is reportedly being lined up to take part on the show this year .
According to the Daily Mail , a source said : “ She has always admired the show but has never had a chance to consider it because of training . She has just made history in becoming the first Briton to win back-to-back Winter Olympic golds . She likes making history and being the first Winter Olympian on Strictly would be another great accolade .
“ She has met the show 's bosses and looks to be lined up . She is a secret boogier and would love to learn to dance . ”
Watch this space !
Steph McGovern
Strictly Come Dancing certainly have a penchant for BBC Breakfast presenters . Susanna Reid , Carol Kirkwood , Naga Munchetty and Bill Turnbull have all taken part in the show over the years , and business reporter Steph McGovern 's stock is certainly rising as she now also hosts Watchdog and Shop Well for Less .
During the last series of Strictly , Steph was also spotted in the live audience of the show so she 's clearly a fan .
Coleen Rooney
Wayne 's wife Coleen has already been heavily rumoured by the tabloid press this year . It was reported in April that she was initially in the mix for last year 's show , but was replaced by Holby City actress Chizzy Akudolu after finding out she was pregnant with her fourth son . A source told The Mirror : “ This would be one of Strictly 's biggest ­signings ever . And it would be a ratings ­sensation . ”
Professor Alice Roberts
Professor Alice Roberts previously revealed that she had made the Strictly Come Dancing shortlist twice in the past , but had sadly failed to make the final cut .
She previously said : “ I 'd do it like a shot . It 's all incredibly secret . The first time , I met a producer who quizzed me about my dance prowess , which is zero . I failed Grade One ballet , which I do n't think anyone else ever has . The second time my agent was simply told I was shortlisted . So excited each time . But then… no . Devastating . ”
In a more recent chat with Radio Times , we asked Alice if she had heard anything this year and whether it was going to be third time lucky . “ Oh my God , I do n't know , ” she said . “ I have n't heard anything . I 'll keep my fingers crossed ! ”
Richard Hammond
Could The Hamster be swapping four wheels for a Foxtrot ? The former Top Gear presenter and current Grand Tour host would certainly be a coup signing for the Beeb , and Richard was even spotted in the Strictly audience during last year 's show . If Clarkson can host Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ? , Hammond can definitely do lycra .
Jessica Ennis-Hill
Heptathlete Jessica Ennis-Hill is no stranger to being asked to do Strictly Come Dancing . Back in 2016 , the decorated Olympic champion said she had previously “ been asked to do it a few times ” .
“ I love watching it , I really love the programme , but I 'm not sure , ” she said . “ I would be terrible . I 'm not ready for Strictly . I 'll stick to my cycle and a bit of running here and there , I think . ”
Saying she 's “ not ready ” sounds to us like more of a case of when not if…
Diana Vickers
Former X Factor contestant Diana Vickers certainly fits the mould of being a Strictly Come Dancing contestant . With Alexandra Burke and Aston Merrygold both taking part in series 15 of Strictly last year , the show bosses clearly are n't averse to X Factor alumni .
But the key reason why we could be seeing Diana on the dance floor ? Prior to signing up to Strictly , Alexandra had worked with Craig Revel Horwood in the stage version of Sister Act .
And who was the choreographer on Diana 's recent theatre production of Son of a Preacher Man ? Why , Craig Revel Horwood of course !
Catherine Tyldesley
The Coronation Street star recently told RadioTimes.com that she only has nine weeks left on the cobbles before leaving the soap .
Speaking about bowing out of the show after seven years , she said , “ It feels like I 've got fire in my belly and I 'm ready to see what the world has to offer . ”
Both Georgia May Foote and Natalie Gumede took part in Strictly shortly after leaving the show . Will Catherine be the next to follow in their sparkly footsteps ?
Les Dennis
This is n't the most enthusiastic response to the question we 've ever heard , but when Les Dennis was quizzed on Sunday Brunch about whether he 'd be up for doing Strictly , he replied , “ When I was doing Coronation Street I was approached but we were n't allowed to do it , we had a policy . I would n't mind doing it , I always like a challenge . ”
Shayne Ward
It was announced back in November that Shayne would be leaving the role of Aiden Connor in a dramatic storyline . Similar to Catherine and Les , Corrie actors are n't allowed to take part in the show while they 're on the cobbles , but now he 's a free man could he be eyed up for Strictly series 15 ?
Bonnie Langford
# dancemom A post shared by Davood Ghadami ( @ therealdavood ) on Oct 9 , 2017 at 5:24am PDT
Much like hooking in a BBC Breakfast presenter nearly every year , it 's become something of a rite of passage to have one of the cast of EastEnders crossing the road from the soap 's Elstree studio to Strictly .
Speaking to RadioTimes.com while he was doing Strictly last year , Davood Ghadmi , who plays Bonnie Langford 's on-screen son , said of her potentially doing the show : “ I think it 'd be wonderful – she 'd be brilliant . She 's not got experience of ballroom so much , but she loves dance and she 's so capable and she 's taught me a few stretches .
“ But she 's just a great personality as well and I think the public would love her . She knows her onions when it comes to the dances as well and she knows how to perform . She 's a great entertainer . ”
After the incredible success of 59-year-old Debbie McGee on the show last year , could 53-year-old Bonnie be about to do the same ?
Brendan Sheerin
The Coach Trip star seemed to drop a big hint back in March when he addressed @ BBCStrictly directly on Twitter saying he was ‘ Glitterball ready ' .
Does this mean he 's in the mix for this year 's series ? We 're flipping well hope so .
Advertisement
Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC1 this autumn
12-Year-Old Ozzie Kid Fools Parents And Holidays In Bali On The Sly [ Video ]
Armed with his family 's credit card and his passport that he managed to trick his grandmother into handing over , a 12-year-old boy flew to Bali because “ he wanted to go on an adventure ” .
The trip was triggered by a family argument , so says The Guardian , and the boy , who was told he could n't go to Bali by his mother , managed to “ book himself flights ( researching an airline that allowed 12-year-olds to fly unaccompanied ) and a hotel room , and to depart the country unimpeded ” .
Telling his family he was going to school , he “ rode his razor scooter to his local train station ” , took a train to the airport , used a self-service check-in terminal , boarded a flight for Perth and then another for Indonesia .
That is simple .
Throughout the ordeal , the boy was only quizzed once , when he arrived at Perth and staff asked him for identification to prove he was over 12 :
“ They just asked for my student ID and passport to prove that I 'm over 12 and that I 'm in secondary school , ” he told A Current Affair . “ It was great because I wanted to go on an adventure . ”
Once in Bali , he checked in to the Seasons hotel , telling staff he was waiting for his sister to arrive . Ridiculous .
Making the trip independently , he was fetched by his mom , who was no doubt furious , nine days later :
After his school reported he was absent , his family scrambled to find out where he was . Discovering he was in Bali , his mother , Emma , flew there to collect him . Emma said the boy does n't like hearing the word “ no ” . It was n't until Drew posted a video of himself playing in a Bali pool and sharing his location with a friend that the worried parents finally realised he was n't even in Australia . “ Shocked , disgusted , there 's no emotion to feel what we felt when we found he left overseas , ” she told A Current Affair .
Hilarious .
A Current Affair 's take on the situation :
RUNAWAY RASCAL : 12-year-old Drew had a fight with his mum , so he took off to Bali – all by himself . Watch his great escape MONDAY on # 9ACA pic.twitter.com/nwg8feWn5E — A Current Affair ( @ ACurrentAffair9 ) April 21 , 2018
But this was n't the first time . The boy had previously tried to fly with Qantas and Garuda , but both airlines turned him away before he could board a plane , and allegedly notified the Australian Federal Police and Border Force about his attempts .
That 's the reason why his family had hidden his passport in the first place .
No mention of a naughty Ozzie kid is complete without the most famous of all time :
[ source : theguardian ]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
DAYTON , Ohio — Fire officials say up to 10 infants have been relocated safely away from smoke in a southwest Ohio hospital .
Dayton District Fire Chief James Rose tells the Dayton Daily News that Miami Valley Hospital staffers moved the babies from the Berry Women 's Center before firefighters arrived in response to the smoke . He says the smoke came from an overheated motor and that crews were able to clear the smoke with ventilation .
Rose said early Monday that most of the smoke was contained from spreading .
He says there were no injuries .
Martin Piccinini was working as a mechanic in the late 1960s when he got tired of busting his knuckles . Looking for a career change , he sold everything he owned and purchased a fledgling sporting goods store on Kietzke Lane in 1967 .
That store — Mark Fore & Strike — has been run by the Piccinini family for going on 50 years now .
The elder Piccininis operated Mark Fore & Strike until 1987 , when it was purchased by their children , Marty and Francy . Over time , a third generation , grandsons Todd and Dave Piccinini , bought into the business . There 's now a fourth generation of the family who has worked at the store as well , though time will tell if they also take an ownership stake in Reno 's longest-operating sporting goods retailer .
Dave Piccinini ( pronounced Peach-in-ini ) serves as the store 's senior vice president , while Todd is vice president . Marty and Francy are still the store 's owners , although actual ownership of the business is split between the four .
Although the younger Piccininis now do the bulk of the heavy lifting when it comes to business operations and management , Dave Piccinini is quick to credit the hard work and dedication of his grandparents and parents as the reasons Mark Fore & Strike is in its fifth decade of operation .
`` From the word 'Go , ' my dad was the one who was here seven days a week , '' he says .
Dave Piccinini has literally spent his entire life at the store — `` As the story goes , this was the first stop on the way home from the hospital , '' he says .
It 's been a long journey for the Piccinini family , from slow early-stage growth to hunkering down through the Great Recession and surviving the influx of big box competitors that siphoned a great deal of business away from the store . Through it all , Mark Fore & Strike persevered .
Initially , as the store struggled to turn a profit , Martin Piccinini added boat sales and service to the store 's retail offerings to boost revenue . Mark Fore & Strike exited the boat business in late 1980s since the store had been generating profit and the boat business proved untenable . In 1976 the iconic store expanded its footprint to its current size .
Many small sporting goods retailers have come and gone over the years , most notably Johnson 's Sporting World and The Sportsman . Through all the local and national competition , Mark Fore & Strike held the line , buoyed by several generations of loyal customers passing through the building 's doors to buy fishing or camping equipment or firearms . Firearm sales , along with optics and accessories , has always been the largest revenue generator at Mark Fore & Strike , followed by fishing . The store has the largest selection of guns of any retailer in the Truckee Meadows , Dave Piccinini says .
Those big retailers that were latecomers to the market drew off many potential customers , but their presence only made the Piccinini family sharpen their focus in areas where they could separate themselves from the name-brand retail chains .
`` We had to get on our game , '' Dave Piccinini says . `` We had to sharpen our prices and make sure our knowledge and service were at their peak .
`` We went from being the biggest store in town to being a convenience store , '' he adds .
Dave Piccinini first started working at the store his sophomore year at Reed High School — but truthfully , he and his younger brother grew up at the store . Like many kids whose parents own and run small businesses in Reno , if they wanted to spend time with their parents they had to go to the store .
`` My dad was here seven days a week , and if we wanted to see dad he was at Mark Fore & Strike all day long , '' Dave Piccinini says .
The store proved a natural outlet for both young Piccinini children , who hold a deep love of outdoors activities .
`` All I could think about was hunting and fishing all my life , and after high school , all I wanted to do was come to work here , '' Dave Piccinini adds .
Marty Piccinini had other thoughts , though . He made his oldest son try his hand at college before working full-time at Mark Fore & Strike .
`` It was the longest four years of my life as I got through college so I could get back in this place , '' Dave Piccinini says . `` Coming back here after college , there were n't any major breakthroughs , but from a management standpoint I learned how to deal with people better . ''
Despite more than four decades at the store , there 's no single moment that Dave Piccinini says stands out as his fondest memory . Rather , working with his parents and grandparents and watching his own kids work with their great-grandmother Lois are the memories of which he 's most fond .
`` You know you have been around a while and done something right when they are all still doing it , '' he says . `` Not every family can stand in a business six days a week , 52 weeks a year and work side by side , and we have been pretty fortunate to be able to do that . That 's how tight our family is . ''
Lois Piccinini died in November of 2015 . She wrote more than 50,000 hunting and fishing licenses for Nevada residents . It 's that longevity of which the Piccinini family is most proud .
`` Our legacy is the fact that we have been able to serve and be with generations of families over the years , whether it was their first rod , their first gun or hunting license , '' Dave Piccinini says .
AP photo
Special representative of the Russian president for Afghanistan , Zamir Kabulov , called the USA 's military campaign in Afghanistan a failure . According to him , the Americans should withdraw their troops from the country .
According to Kabulov , Afghanistan has been turning into a global `` incubator of terrorists . '' Therefore , not only should the US withdraw its troops from the country , but the Americans should also abandon the idea of sending mercenaries there .
`` The Americans are in despair , and their plans to replace professional military men with mercenaries are foolish . It will not lead to anything good , and mercenaries will simply escape . They recruit them for money from around the world . How are they going to fight against the Taliban in general ? '' the diplomat wondered .
The US is developing a new Afghan strategy . In particular , it is planned to replace the standing army with a private one . According to Blackwater founder Erik Prince , about 5,500 mercenaries and about 90 military aircraft can be sent to Afghanistan in two years . The budget of the military operation makes up 10 billion dollars .
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
EUGENE , Ore. — Lexi Bando 's pithy take on Oregon 's mindset for each opponent put some arch in her coach 's eyebrows .
“ You 've got to punch 'em in the face , as aggressive as that sounds , ” the senior guard said . “ We do n't want to be the ones being punched in the face . We want to set the tone . ”
Kelly Graves could n't argue with the result .
“ I loved our energy right from the start , ” the Ducks ' fourth-year coach said . “ We just wanted to get our kids jump-started and they responded . ”
Sabrina Ionescu had 16 points and 12 assists , and Bando scored 17 points to help No . 9 Oregon overpower Southern Utah 98-38 on Saturday .
Ionescu had her fifth double-double of the season and the Ducks ( 8-1 ) won their fifth in a row . Ruthy Hebard added 13 points , and Mallory McGwire had 10 .
“ This team 's getting better , ” Graves said , “ and that 's scary . ”
Breanu Reid had 11 points for the Thunderbirds ( 1-8 ) . They have lost five straight .
Ionescu did all her scoring in the first quarter and had her double-double early in the third period . After tying Oregon 's assists record with 14 against Weber State , Ionescu has 26 assists with no turnovers in her last two games .
She also had six steals and four rebounds in 23 minutes .
“ Sabrina is very coachable , but she plays her own game , ” Graves said . “ We 're watching a phenomenal player and competitor . She does n't need to score to feed her ego . She does whatever it takes to make the team successful . ”
Bando made 4 of 6 3-pointers , the Ducks were 14 of 26 beyond the arc and finished 36 of 72 overall with 30 assists . Oregon held a 49-30 rebounding edge behind Hebard 's nine .
The Ducks outscored Southern Utah 31-4 in the second quarter and led 57-16 at the half .
Still , what pleased Graves most was the way his team started the third quarter with a 21-6 run before he gave his starting unit the rest of the game off .
“ We 're maturing as a basketball team , ” he said . “ In fact , offensively we were even better in the first three or four minutes ( of the third quarter ) than we were in the first half . ”
The Thunderbirds shot 15 of 56 ( 26.8 per cent ) overall and 2 of 16 from 3-point range .
BIG PICTURE
Oregon swept its five-game homestand and now hits the road to face the first of three consecutive Southeastern Conference teams . After visiting No . 6 Mississippi State , the Ducks host Mississippi before a rematch with Texas A & M in Las Vegas .
POLL IMPLICATIONS
Oregon , which matched its highest ranking ever by rising one spot to No . 9 this week , could top that with No . 7 UCLA 's 87-72 loss at unranked Oklahoma State on Saturday .
HE SAID IT
Oregon 's next opponent , Mississippi State , ended UConn 's historic 111-game winning streak at the Final Four last year after the Huskies had stopped the Ducks ' improbable run with a 90-52 romp in the Elite Eight . The Bulldogs also had beaten Oregon early in the season at a holiday tournament in Hawaii , so Graves knows them well . “ No . 1 , they are really tough , ” he said . “ They are tough mentally and physically , and No . 2 , they guard . … Off the record , I would say we tired UConn out ( in the regional final ) , so they were n't as sharp the next game , but not many people buy that theory . ”
UP NEXT
Southern Utah : Plays its second of five consecutive road games at Grand Canyon on Dec. 18 .
Oregon : Plays at No . 6 Mississippi State on Wednesday night in its first road game since losing at then-No . 5 Louisville on Nov. 19 .
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks , threats , online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed . All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility . ( You can disagree with others courteously , without being disagreeable . ) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say . To report abuse or spam , click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box .
AFC Fylde boss Dave Challinor revealed the club received NO bids for hotshot Danny Rowe or any other player on deadline day , and says that even if they had he doubts the Coasters would have sold as they bid to make history .
Do n't miss the latest football transfer news and gossip from leagues in England , Scotland and Europe with footballwire.co.uk
A run of six wins from seven games propelled Fylde into the National League play-off zone , and although they slipped to ninth with last weekend 's first defeat of 2018 at Woking , Challinor 's men aim to get their promotion bid back on track when Eastleigh visit Mill Farm tomorrow .
Fylde welcomes the mid-table Hampshire club with all of their personnel still intact , and with top scorer Rowe ready to lead the line and a push for back-to-back promotions in the second half of the season .
And despite speculation linking League One side Bradford with a late swoop for the league 's 16-goal leading scorer , Challinor says no bids were tabled
Speaking of Rowe , Challinor told The Gazette : “ No whispers from our perspective , no phonecalls or anything .
“ I saw one thing on Twitter that said we had accepted a £500,000 bid for Danny Rowe from Bradford .
“ I suspect if someone had bid £500k for him he might not be our player .
“ But there was nothing to turn down or to take anyone 's focus away from where we are .
“ We have got ourselves in a position where we have an opportunity to achieve again this year and everyone is a big part of that . ”
Wednesday 's deadline did not apply non-league clubs but was the final opportunity for Football League clubs to tempt their players .
Challinor added : “ January is always a difficult one .
“ I suppose a lot of clubs are dictated to by their ambitions for the remainder of the season in terms of moving players on .
“ We have had a really good January and have given ourselves a shot . Even if we had received any bids for players I think we would have turned them away because we have our own ambitions and hopes to achieve something this year .
“ Obviously your best players are a big part of that and I 'm happy we have kept everyone together , though we were not really too concerned throughout January that we were going to lose anyone . ”
When it comes to team selection to face Eastleigh , Challinor has options across the board .
He 's been boosted by the return from injury of Henry Jones and James Hardy , and says the fight for shirts is good going forward .
Challinor added : “ We are fully fit . There is only really Josh Langley out ( knee ligaments ) and we are looking start of April for him .
“ James Hardy and Henry Jones both played in the Lancashire Senior Cup win at Oldham on Tuesday , so the minutes will do those two the world of good .
“ They have brought themselves back into contention and we have a really strong squad .
“ There is a large group of hungry lads breathing down the necks of those who have been playing , which from my perspective is great because I want them all dying to start the games and be in the squad , and then to keep the shirt .
“ I want the ones trying to get those shirts off them be disappointed but do everything they can to take their opportunity when it comes round .
“ Healthy competition for places will give us real emphasis going forward . ”
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Liquid State Brewing Co. is on track to open later this fall , possibly in late October . The taproom will be on 620 W. Green St. in downtown Ithaca . Matt Weinstein / staff video
Liquid State Brewing Co. was a concept first conceived about six years ago between two beer-loving Cornell Lab of Ornithology co-workers .
Buy Photo Ben Brotman , left , and Jamey Tielens of Liquid State Brewing Co. pose behind the bar in their taproom . ( Photo : Matt Weinstein / staff photo ) Buy Photo
The taproom in downtown Ithaca 's newest brewery and brew pub is taking shape .
Two brightly-colored Skee-Ball tables are placed in one corner , parallel to the newly-constructed bar and tap area lining the south wall of the room . Long wooden tables are stacked in another area of the taproom , which will soon be set up inside and outside on the patio to replicate a German beer hall .
After clearing a bulk of the hurdles which come with opening a business , Ben Brotman and Jamey Tielens can finally see the finish line as they prepare to launch Liquid State Brewing Company this fall .
“ This place is unrecognizable compared to what it looked like when we first moved in , ” Brotman said while standing in the taproom at Liquid State , which is located on 620 W. Green St. in a building previously used by Cornell Laundry . “ We 've always thought downtown has needed something more for craft beer , and we love this space and the location is fantastic . ”
While there is no official opening date , Brotman and Tielens said Liquid State could open by the end of October . Most of the brewing areas , backrooms and cooler are complete . The brewing system – ordered used from Japan – was fired up for the first time about three weeks ago and three batches of beer were in the fermenter during a visit on Oct. 4 . The duo hopes to have four original beers on tap when the brewery opens .
Buy Photo Tanks inside Liquid State Brewing Co. at 620 W. Green St. in downtown Ithaca . ( Photo : Matt Weinstein / staff photo )
The bulk of the work remains in the taproom and outside patio , which faces State Street .
“ We have a lot of space to grow which is something we thought of when we were looking for a building , ” Tielens said . “ We have a few more permits to take care of but we are close . We 're just tying up loose ends , waiting for beer to ferment and then we 'll put it in kegs . ”
Buy Photo The back room and upstairs offices at Liquid State Brewing Co. at 620 W. Green St. in downtown Ithaca . ( Photo : Matt Weinstein / staff photo )
Brotman and Tielens both moved to the Ithaca area from the Pacific Northwest about 10 years ago and met while working at the Cornell Lab of Ornithology . Upon discovering their shared love of beer and brewing , they originally floated the idea of starting a brewery about six years ago . Brotman , who is from Philadelphia , is a former biologist and has worked at several local breweries in the area . Tielens , who is from Wisconsin , has a small hop farm in Trumansburg .
“ We both have science backgrounds , and a lot of science is involved in the actual brewing , ” said Brotman , who has a small laboratory and workshop in the back . “ There 's a lot of infrastructure we need when brewing on this scale . ”
Buy Photo The back patio currently under renovation at Liquid State Brewing Co. at 620 W. Green St. in downtown Ithaca . ( Photo : Matt Weinstein / staff photo )
The duo became serious about starting a business two years ago and began renting the space on West Green Street last year . Brotman and Tielens have already reached out to local restaurants and plan to highlight local food trucks . The taproom and beer hall will host local events like live music , radio broadcasts , fundraisers , art galleries and more .
Liquid State plans to serve up New England IPAs , barrel-aged sours and traditional German beers . In addition to their own beer , the pair plans to have local cider and wine on tap as well .
Buy Photo Tanks inside Liquid State Brewing Co. at 620 W. Green St. in downtown Ithaca . ( Photo : Matt Weinstein / staff photo )
Brotman and Tielens recently launched a Kickstarter campaign to help ease the cost of a newly-installed sprinkler system throughout the brewery . Installing the system allows for more people and the ability to hold bigger community events . The campaign ends on Sunday , Oct. 8 and currently has raised $ 20,542 of its ' $ 30,000 goal as of Oct. 6 .
Liquid State also has strong ties with other local breweries because of Brotman and Tielens ' backgrounds .
“ It 's a pretty close community and a bunch have already been here and seen what we 're working on , ” Brotman said . “ More breweries brings more people in and more tourism . That 's never a bad thing . ”
Follow @ SteinTime44 on Twitter
Read or Share this story : http : //ithacajr.nl/2kt3Q8d
This past weekend , white supremacists and fascists marched in protest of the removal of a statue of a Confederate general . The march was met with a counter-protest that was attacked by a domestic terrorist who struck a crowd of protestors with his car , killing a young woman and injuring several others , the capstone atop two days of tension and violence .
All of this took place in Charlottesville , Virginia—home to the University of Virginia , founded by Thomas Jefferson , author of the Declaration of Independence . All of this took place in America , where such things seem so incongruent , at least in theory , with what we expect from a liberal democracy in our century .
But it 's no surprise that things turned violent very quickly . There is a widely held and misguided conceit that 's particular to our contemporary , developed world conception of democracy : that individual rights and freedoms can be protected and preserved without the constant , vigorous participation of citizens in public life , and a corresponding commitment to privileging our own needs over essential collective ends—like , say , not allowing armed white supremacists and fascists to march through a town .
In the United States—and elsewhere , too , including Canada—we have come to take democracy for granted . We think of it as “ set-it-and-forget-it , ” as if democracy is inherently self-renewing rather than the product of sustained work by those who live under it . Instead , the promise of democracy is a bold one—and indeed , it may be a conceited one , the idea that a large , diverse group of people who fundamentally disagree with one another can not only live together in peace and prosperity but can also self-govern . And yet it 's history is the story of many such attempts by groups of people to self-determine , to build solidarity and trust , and to channel would-be violence through legitimate political institutions . None of this happens by accident , and all of it happens through work . No democratic form of government is guaranteed—a fact we ought to remind ourselves of often .
There is , after all , a bug ( or a feature , depending on who you ask ) in liberal democratic government , the version of democracy enjoyed today in Canada , the United States , the United Kingdom , France , Australia , and other elsewhere . Our democracy is a combination of two sometimes-antagonistic ideas crammed together . Liberalism , as a political philosophy , is primarily concerned with freedom , rights , and a focus on the individual—summarized these days as “ leave me alone. ” Democracy is primarily concerned with collective self-rule , either directly or , as is more common these days , through representatives—summarized historically and today as “ Let 's decide how to live together. ” The two bits of ideas that form liberal democracy are often in tension with one another—for instance , when individual rights are limited so that some collective good can be achieved ( hello , taxes ) . We try to strike a balance between liberalism and democracy , but far too often we let the former crowd out the latter . We tend to be great liberals and lousy democrats . So , when we 're called on to practice democratic citizenship , we either shirk our duty or fail to distinguish ourselves with anything resembling passable public engagement .
That 's troubling and dangerous . Imagine democracy as a marriage . Now , imagine if the parties in that union decided that the work of binding themselves to one another ended with their marital vows . That 's us—far too many of us , anyway . We nod to the Constitution , or the Declaration of Independence , or the Charter of Rights and Freedoms—whatever the document may be—and then we go on with our private lives , as if we owe nothing , as if the words written or implied or read into foundational texts will do the hard work of self-government for us . We take our interests as prior to and above the public good . We expect that our worldview is the undisputed expression of what is good and right and true and beautiful .
The violence in Charlottesville was the product of white supremacy rooted in a racist , colonial history , and not merely a failure of democratic citizenship . But robust citizenship is essential as a bulwark against the worst elements of a society . The marchers in Virginia were enabled by the ( admittedly legitimate ) presidency of Donald Trump ; indeed , David Duke , a racist icon and former politician , credited Trump on the day of the march : “ We are going to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump….that 's why we voted for Donald Trump because he said he 's going to take our country back. ” All of this nastiness comes from somewhere .
When The Economist downgraded the United States to a flawed democracy earlier this year , the magazine noted that it was not because of Trump ; rather , the drop “ was caused by the same factors that led Mr. Trump to the White House : a continued erosion of trust in government and elected officials. ” Declining trust was one factor in the U.S. decline ; another was a lack of political engagement and participation , and a combination of democratic malaise , declining trust , the rise of a white-supremacist right wing , endemic racism , and economic inequality and anxiety now has a stranglehold on the United States . Charlottesville is a symptom of a very ill democracy , and it is n't obvious that the body politic is healthy enough to fight off the infection .
There 's an impulse here at home to declare that none of this could happen in Canada . We are not the United States , plainly . And yet , we are not immune to democratic decline and the ensuing malady . We too have a colonial and racist history ; we too suffer economic inequality and anxiety ; we too take our democracy for granted far too often ; we too harbour citizens—even certain leaders—who preach hatred and ignorance , and who thus enable violence .
Carl Sagan once noted that human beings are all descendants of the Big Bang—of nearly 14 billion years of cosmic coming and going . Nearer to our own time , we are also descendants of a democratic tradition that began more than two millennia ago . As a human achievement , democracy is not a miracle : it is the product of promise , work , and blood . It has been lost before and it can be lost again—perhaps permanently .
The violence and tragedy in Charlottesville should serve as a reminder that the contemporary democratic project is an ongoing endeavour that demands that we continually renew our commitment to citizenship , inclusiveness , and liberty while offering to sacrifice , participate , and cooperate , joining others in being a part of collective self-government . And for those in government , the tragedy and shame that unfolded in Charlottesville must encourage the provision of sufficient resources to allow citizens to faithfully and meaningfully engage with their democracy .
As former governor-general Adrienne Clarkson put it : “ Each of us is carving a stone , erecting a column , or cutting a piece of stained glass in the construction of something much bigger than ourselves. ” That is the democratic project : participation in a form of government that is ultimately much bigger than ourselves . It 's a project that preceded us , and it will—if we work hard and are fortunate—succeed us , too .
1 . Everyone wants to bang you ... so it 's assumed you 're taken and as a result no one bangs you
A classic problem all super-geniuses who are great at banging must deal with - everyone knows you could have anyone you wanted , so as a result everyone assumes you are ungettable and you end up never banging ever .
2 . You are such a huge genius with a big brain that you get confused pretty easily and have trouble paying attention to things ( because your brain is too smart to bother with boring stuff )
You are too smart for things like reading or math or following conversations or understanding big words , because your brain is so far advanced beyond such mundane concepts - you 're probably thinking of deep philosophical mysteries , like `` what if you glued your butthole shut so that the poop could n't get out there , and it had to go in reverse and come out of your mouth ? ''
3 . You do n't have any friends because everyone is intimidated with how smart you are and how attractive you are ( they ca n't be friends with you because they want you sexually too much and know it would just be torture to be `` just friends '' with you )
You are very intimidating to all others - and they are both drawn to you ( because wow you 're smart and cool and hot ) AND scared of you ( because you 're SO smart and cool and hot that it 's like , TOO MUCH ) . Also they all wan na bang you too much ( regardless of sexuality ) so none could accept being friends with you without wanting to take your relationship to the next step ( aka banging ) .
4 . People make fun of you all the time for smelling bad ( my brain knows It 's pointless to shower because you 're just going to get dirty again ) and picking your nose ( wow clearing out nasal passages is `` uncool '' ? lol you trogladikes )
Le sigh . Some people do n't understand that cool geniuses do n't have time to waste on such pointless things like bathing and brushing your teeth . If my current teeth go bad and fall out , I 'll just get ROBOT TEETH ( which will be stronger and metal so I can eat Cinnamon Toast Crunch without it hurting ) .
5 . The so-called `` cool kids '' keep calling you `` Captain Shitpants '' because you shit your pants ONE TIME ( reality is they know you are much cooler and smarter and better at banging so they want to tear you down )
For as cool and smart and hot as you are , there will always be others who are jealous of your qualities and try to bring you down to their level . But at the same time , their mean nickname for you DOES have `` Captain '' in it , meaning they respect you because that 's a pretty high army rank .
6 . Your genius brain is so advanced that you have evolved past the normal things that most regular people find `` sexually stimulating '' ( aka `` horny-making '' for non-geniuses ) , and the only things that you find attractive are Sonic the Hedgehog 's feet ( because of your evolved mind )
Sorry ladies , but none of you have anything on the raw sexuality of the blue blur .
7 . The people you are attracted to are too dumb to understand your witty genius pick-up lines and call you `` weirdo '' or `` creep ''
When I say smooth lines like `` Hello , human with two X chromosomes - I find your vision-balls ( aka your eyes ) extremely frivolous ( aka hot ) , therefore I would like to take you to my quarters ( aka my room ) for sexual relations ( aka banging ) '' the X-chromosome-having ladies ( science term , nbd ) just call me names and laugh at me and walk away .
Then other times they say `` you know you 're actually a huge idiot , right ? '' and `` No one will ever want to be around you so long as you 're a weird condescending smelly jerk to everyone , Captain Shitpants '' and other things that make you finally pause and reflect upon yourself and your actions .... and make you realize you ARE a huge cool supergenius and this X-chromosome-haver is actually just super jealous that they 're not as smart as you are .
Now excuse me , I have to go enjoy some academic pursuits ( aka `` watch Rick & Morty '' ) .
PITTSBURGH — Ben Roethlisberger 's record-setting day finished with a carry just as valuable as any of the franchise-record 66 passes he threw .
As the Pittsburgh Steelers poured onto the Heinz Field turf to celebrate a frantic 39-38 victory over Baltimore that wrapped up their third AFC North title in four years , Roethlisberger grabbed the familiar No . 50 jersey of injured linebacker Ryan Shazier and joined in the party .
An emotionally draining week for the Steelers ended with Shazier recovering from spinal surgery in a nearby hospital but still very much in the middle of things . Just like always .
“ We love our brother , ” Roethlisberger said . “ We wanted to get this one for him , and I 'm glad we did . ”
Barely .
The Steelers ( 11-2 ) blew an early 14-point lead and found themselves trailing by 11 going into the fourth before exploding for 19 points over the final 15 minutes , the last three coming on Chris Boswell 's 46-yard field goal with 42 seconds left .
“ I think championship teams find ways to win , ” Roethlisberger said .
Having an offence that is starting to peak after a sleepy start certainly helps . Roethlisberger threw for 506 yards and two scores to become the first player in NFL history to go over 500 yards passing three times in his career . Antonio Brown caught 11 passes for 213 yards to fuel an MVP candidacy that no longer feels so far-fetched , including gains of 57 and 34 yards in the fourth to spark Pittsburgh 's comeback and running back Le'Veon Bell finished with 125 total yards and three scores .
“ It 's an amazing feeling , especially for Ryan Shazier , ” Brown said . “ One of our brothers could n't be out here today . Obviously , he is watching . ”
Shazier suffered his injury in the first quarter of a victory over Cincinnati last Monday . He underwent surgery on Wednesday and Roethlisberger visited him on Thursday .
“ When you walk in and see him and see the smile and give him a hug , it really has taken that weight off and let us breathe a little easier , ” Roethlisberger said .
The Steelers have done their best to let Shazier know is very much a part of their run . Linebacker James Harrison borrowed a page from Shazier 's pregame routine and warmed up shirtless even with the temperature hovering around freezing . Shazier 's helmet and jersey spent the game on the bench and several Steelers wore cleats with a special design featuring Shazier 's face and the popular # Shalieve hashtag .
“ It was very emotional , ” linebacker Arthur Moats said . “ Any time you can bring something to him that brings him some type of joy , some type of happiness , that 's good . At the end of the day we 're just trying to make sure he 's good . ”
RAVENS ROCKED
Baltimore ( 7-6 ) meanwhile , saw its surge back to contention blunted after its defence spent the fourth quarter fruitlessly chasing Brown from one side of the field to the other .
“ This is going to sting for a while , ” Ravens safety Eric Weddle said . “ Especially the guys on defence because we care so much and we hold ourselves to a high standard . ”
The Ravens certainly did n't meet it after giving up 545 yards to the Steelers . Pittsburgh scored on its last four possessions . It 's not like the Steelers were taking advantage of a short field . All eight of their scoring drives went at least 50 yards , including two of 80 or more .
“ I think in the fourth quarter the defence dropped the ball tonight , ” linebacker Terrell Suggs said . “ That 's kind of been our thing all year , consistency . ”
SUPER SHOWDOWN
The win sets up the AFC game of the year next Sunday when Tom Brady and the defending Super Bowl champion New England Patriots visit . New England beat the Steelers twice last season , including a lopsided 36-17 blowout in the AFC title game .
“ We 're going to give respect where respect is due now , ” Pittsburgh centre Maurkice Pouncey said . “ But they 're not Superman . They lost this season , right ? ”
ALL-AROUND EFFORT
Brown , Bell and Roethlisberger hardly did it alone . Boswell has hit four game-winning field goals in the final minute in four of Pittsburgh 's past five games . Tight ends Jessie James and Vance McDonald combined for 14 receptions for 149 yards . Even fullback Roosevelt Nix got in on the act , scoring his first career touchdown on a 1-yard reception in which he basically pulled the ball off Baltimore safety Tony Jefferson 's chest as they tussled in the end zone .
“ AB is gon na do what he does , I 'm going to do what I do , Ben 's gon na do what he does , ” Bell said . “ But it 's the guys who do n't get the credit always that are the ones making the plays . ”
UP NEXT
Baltimore : Needs to win out if it wants to reach the post-season . The good news ? Their final three opponents are a combined 8-34 , including the 0-13 Cleveland Browns , who the Ravens visit next Sunday .
Pittsburgh : The Steelers have beaten Brady at Heinz Field just once in his career , a victory in the 2011 regular season .
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
A tear in a window screen might lead to a bigger insect problem , or a minor eyesore for passersby , but in Charlestown , Ind. , it can also lead to the loss of your home .
Within the small city of about 8,000 people , the working-class neighborhood of Pleasant Ridge , populated primarily by lower-income families and retirees , has been targeted by the city for redevelopment — and it appears the city is willing to use any means necessary to get rid of the 357 homes there .
In the wake of the U.S. Supreme Court 's infamous Kelo v. City of New London case , which sanctioned using eminent domain for economic development and private gain , Indiana adopted restrictions on such use of eminent domain , so the city had to get more creative to oust its unwanted residents .
The Institute for Justice , a libertarian public-interest law firm representing 43 property owners in the neighborhood , explains how the city was able to force people from their homes . “ City inspectors started fining Pleasant Ridge homeowners for minor or trivial property code violations — like a torn screen , chipped paint or a downed tree limb . The citations stated that the owner owed $ 50 per violation , per day , and multiple citations were issued per property , which means that a single home could accumulate hundreds of dollars in fines per day . ”
“ In many cases , the fines began accruing the day a citation was issued , so by the time an owner received it in the mail , he or she was already on the hook for thousands of dollars in fines. ” This violates the city 's own property maintenance code , IJ contends , which allows owners a reasonable period of time to correct issues before fines are imposed , as well as state law prohibiting immediate , accumulating fines for alleged unsafe buildings . “ The city program also violates the homeowners ' constitutional rights of due process , equal protection and free speech , as well as the Constitution 's prohibition on excessive fines , ” IJ asserts .
Keep in mind that Pleasant Ridge 's prefabricated homes , originally built during World War II for workers at a nearby ( and long since closed ) ammunition plant , only have a market value of between $ 25,000 to $ 40,000 , and this is a relatively poor section of a city where the median household income is about $ 43,600 a year .
The city then offers homeowners one out : Sell to real estate developer Neace Ventures , which has been buying up properties for $ 10,000 , a fraction of the fair market value , and the city will waive the fines .
To be sure , there are legitimate safety issues with some of the old homes , but many others are perfectly safe and well cared for . Nonetheless , the city wants them all gone .
“ Fines are a tool cities sometimes use as a last resort to ensure that properties are safe , ” IJ attorney Anthony Sanders said in a statement . “ The city , however , has turned fines into weapons , using them to force homeowners to sell to a private developer at a steep discount . ”
This is not the first time IJ has represented victims of nitpicky city fines . Shortly after the state of Missouri capped how much revenue cities could generate from traffic tickets in 2009 , the city of Pagedale saw a 500 percent increase in non-traffic-related tickets . The town 's ticketing orgy included fines for such minor offenses as having holes in window screens , displaying mismatched curtains , walking on the left-hand side of a crosswalk , wearing pants below the waist or having weeds in the yard higher than seven inches .
The new wrinkle in the Charlestown , Ind. , case is that a city is “ using code enforcement to circumvent eminent domain law , ” IJ attorney Jeff Rowes told the New York Times . The fear is that this may become a model for central planners and busybodies in local governments to do an end run around inconvenient property rights protections that stifle their agendas and grand designs .
“ The great and chief end ... of men uniting into commonwealths , and putting themselves under government , is the preservation of their property , ” Enlightenment-era philosopher John Locke wrote in his “ Two Treatises of Government. ” In other words , what good is government if it not only fails its chief responsibility , but actively violates the rights of those it was established to protect ? It is certainly easier for government officials to ignore and trample upon others ' interests to further their own aims , but that does not entitle them to toss property rights out the window , even if it has a torn screen .
Adam B. Summers is a columnist with the Southern California News Group .
LOS ANGELES — The Latest on a shooting following a house fire south of downtown Los Angeles ( all times local ) :
7:35 a.m .
Police say a suspect who opened fire , killing one person , after a house fire in Los Angeles appears to have suffered a self-inflicted gunshot wound .
Los Angeles police say the suspect was taken into custody after holing himself up Tuesday morning for two hours inside the burned home .
Police said one person had been killed but provided no additional details .
Firefighters were first called to the home in the Harbor Gateway neighbourhood before dawn and reported hearing gunshots after knocking down the flames .
Police and sheriff 's deputies had set up a perimeter and evacuated nearby homes .
——
7:05 a.m .
Los Angeles authorities say one person was fatally shot at the scene of a house fire and a suspect is in custody after holing himself up for two hours inside the burned home .
Police Officer Chris No confirmed one fatality in the shooting early Tuesday but did n't know whether the victim is a man or woman .
The Fire Department says crews heard gunshots after knocking down the flames before dawn south of downtown Los Angeles .
The gunman was taken into custody shortly before 7 a.m. Several homes in the Harbor Gateway neighbourhood were evacuated as police set up a perimeter .
There are no reports of injuries to firefighters or police officers .
——
6:30 a.m .
Authorities say a suspect fired a weapon at the scene of a house fire south of downtown Los Angeles .
The Fire Department says crews heard gunshots after dousing the flames in the Harbor Gateway neighbourhood early Tuesday .
Officials say the suspect then holed up inside a home . Police and sheriff 's deputies have set up a perimeter and evacuated nearby homes .
Authorities have not confirmed if anyone is hurt .
VANCOUVER — The Vancouver Whitecaps acquired striker Kei Kamara on Sunday in a trade with the New England Revolution .
New England gets Vancouver 's 2019 natural first round SuperDraft pick and a conditional 2020 second round SuperDraft selection in return . Kamara , who is under contract through 2018 , joins 23-year-old Venezuelan striker Anthony Blondell as new players on the Whitecaps front line .
“ I 'm really excited to come to Vancouver , ” said Kamara . “ I 've been following the club , and I know that they have a very competitive team that suits the way I play . I want to put pressure on myself to continue to score goals . Most importantly , I want to bring success to the Southsiders , Curva Collective , Rain City Brigade , and all the supporters and fans of this club . ”
A proven MLS goalscorer , Kamara will officially be added to the club 's roster pending receipt of his international transfer certificate , Canadian work permit , and visa . He will occupy a Designated Player roster slot and is a domestic player as an American citizen .
Kamara has 103 goals and 39 assists in 298 appearances over 11 Major League Soccer seasons , including playoffs .
He 's 10th all-time in MLS regular-season goals with 98 , second among active players behind only Chris Wondolowski .
If Kamara is re-assigned to another MLS team prior to the 2018 roster freeze , the conditional 2020 second round SuperDraft pick would become Vancouver 's natural first round selection . In addition , should Vancouver permanently transfer Kamara outside of MLS prior to the 2018 roster freeze , New England and Vancouver will evenly split the clubs ' share of the transfer proceeds .
The six-foot-three striker 's 11 seasons of MLS experience began as an MLS SuperDraft selection with the Columbus Crew in 2006 . His MLS career includes stops with San Jose Earthquakes , Houston Dynamo , Kansas City Wizards/Sporting Kansas City , a return to Columbus , and most recently , with New England .
A two-time MLS All-Star , he led MLS in total goals , including playoffs , with 26 in 2015 . That same year he was a finalist for the MLS Most Valuable Player award and was named to the MLS Best XI while leading Columbus to a runner-up finish in MLS Cup .
Outside of MLS , Kamara also played for then-English Premier League side Norwich City FC and English Football League Championship club Middlesbrough FC . He scored one goal in seven starts and 11 EPL appearances while on loan to Norwich during the second half of the in 2012-2013 season . Kamara then joined Middlesbrough for the 2013-14 season and scored four goals in 16 starts and 25 appearances .
Born in Kenema , Sierra Leone before taking up his citizenship in the United States in 2006 , Kamara has made 26 appearances , several of them as captain , for his native country , scoring five goals for the Leone Stars .
OROVILLE , Calif. – The stress of evacuation and an uncertain future were enough for Donald Azevedo and his family to opt to stay a few more nights in an emergency shelter rather than risk having to do it all again .
The family was among the nearly 200,000 Californians who live downstream from the country 's tallest dam who were told they could return home but warned they may have to flee again if repairs made to the battered Oroville Dam spillways do n't hold .
The fixes could be put to their first test later this week with the first of a series of small storms forecast for the region expected to reach the area Wednesday night .
“ There is the prospect that we could issue another evacuation order if the situation changes and the risk increases , ” Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said Tuesday , telling residents they could return home but to remain vigilant .
That 's why Azevedo was n't budging yet .
“ My plan is to stay here , ” said Azevedo , who evacuated from Marysville with his wife , Tasha , their four Chihuahuas and more than 30 relatives . They spent two nights at the Nevada County Fairgrounds in Grass Valley , Calif. and he planned to wait out this week 's upcoming storm before returning home . Many at the shelter said a drive that should have taken one hour took six hours on Sunday .
“ I 'm not trying to risk traffic , being stuck in floods . I 'm safe where I 'm at , ” Azevedo said .
Many other evacuees , such as Oroville resident Margaret Johnston , could n't wait to get back home .
“ You do n't appreciate home until it 's taken away from you , ” said Johnston , 69 , who spent the last two nights sheltering at a church in Chico , California . As she packed the blankets , pillows and clothing she had hastily thrown into a black garbage bag , she reflected on the mad rush to leave , the chaos , confusion and bottleneck traffic on the drive out . “ It was just frustrating . Very frustrating . ”
Residents living below the Oroville Dam were suddenly ordered to evacuate Sunday afternoon after authorities had assured them for nearly a week that the dam was sound despite a gaping and growing hole found in the structure 's main spillway . The order came after authorities feared an earthen emergency spillway used when the lake behind the dam overflows its capacity appeared ready to fail Sunday because of erosion .
Two days after issuing the evacuation order , officials lifted it Tuesday but uncertainty remained .
Over the weekend , the swollen lake spilled down the unpaved emergency spillway for nearly 40 hours , leaving it badly eroded . The problem occurred six days after engineers discovered a growing hole in the dam 's main concrete spillway .
State and federal officials ignored calls in 2005 from environmental groups to armor the earthen spillway in concrete to prevent erosion . Federal regulators concluded the earthen spillway could handle a large amount of overflow after water agencies that would have had to pay for the upgrade argued it was unnecessary .
Others fear the real test is still to come in the weeks ahead when a record amount of snowfall melts in nearby mountains .
The California Department of Water Resources said Tuesday night the Oroville Dam 's water levels continued to decrease but it did n't say by how much .
State water officials said earlier Tuesday the reservoir 's water level had been reduced 15 feet by Tuesday afternoon . Officials hope to continue using a damaged main spillway to drain the lake another 37 feet in preparation for coming rain . They say they have drained enough water that the emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from the approaching storm .
Forecasts call for 2-4 inches of rain and snow in the foothills and mountains starting Wednesday night . But the storm was looking colder than initially projected , meaning less rain and less runoff than last week 's storms .
Dozens of construction crews were working around the clock dropping 1,200 tons of material on the earthen emergency spillway per hour using heavy equipment and helicopters and the area is being continually monitored with the help of drones carrying cameras , the state water agency said .
Preliminary estimates say permanently fixing the hole in the main spillway could cost $ 100 million to $ 200 million , Croyle said . Experts are drawing up plans for repairs that will begin after the spring runoff season ends .
Gov . Jerry Brown said late Tuesday that the Federal Emergency Management Agency approved his request for federal assistance with the Oroville dam situation .
State officials clearly were on the defensive about their decision to call for mass evacuations Sunday , just a few hours after saying the situation was stable , forcing families to rush to pack up and get out .
Honea , the county sheriff , said Tuesday that the call to order nearly 200,000 people to higher ground protected lives and bought time for water experts to address the problems .
But after two days away from home , tens of thousands of evacuees were growing weary . They welcomed the news they could return home but vowed to heed the sheriff 's warning to remain vigilant .
Rod Remocal said he and his wife would now be ready to leave their Biggs home near the dam at a moment 's notice after fleeing in a rush Sunday .
“ We 're all coming back and pack and be ready this time , ” Remocal said . “ This time we 're going to be on call like they said . ”
Contributing to this report were Jocelyn Gecker , Olga R. Rodriguez and Kristin Bender in San Francisco ; Don Thompson in Sacramento ; Terry Chea in Grass Valley , Calif. ; Ellen Knickmeyer in Sonoma , Calif. ; and John Antczak and Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles .
Fire Engulfs 24-floor Residential Tower in London
A 24-floor West London Tower block was engulfed by fire on Wednesday . firefighters are battling the massive flame in the Grenfell Tower , Kensington which began at about 1AM . According to London Ambulance service , 30 patients have been taken to five hospitals in the wake of the accident . Our latest statement on the # NorthKensington tower [ … ]
The post Fire Engulfs 24-floor Residential Tower in London appeared first on BellaNaija .
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Canary View camera offers home security , peace of mind for less than $ 100
Keeping your home safe no longer has to cost you an arm and a leg , thanks to Canary . The team has just unveiled its improved A.I.-powered Person Detection cuts down on false positive notifications about human motion .
The post Canary View camera offers home security , peace of mind for less than $ 100 appeared first on Digital Trends .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Man Utd confirm Victor Lindelof signing
. @ VLindelof : `` I 'm thrilled to join United . I 'm keen to get started and contribute to the team 's efforts to win more trophies . '' # HejVictor pic.twitter.com/FoC6IuUWwj — Manchester United ( @ ManUtd ) June 14 , 2017
Manchester United have completed the signing of Swedish defender Victor Lindelof .
The Red Devils announced over the weekend that they had agreed a deal to sign the 22-year-old from Benfica , subject to a medical .
After Sweden 's friendly against Norway last night , Lindelof arrived at United 's Carrington training ground this morning . His medical clearly went without any hitches and he is now officially a United player .
You can see him putting pen to paper on his contract , which runs until June 2021 with an option for an extra season , in the photo above .
He was strongly linked with a move to Old Trafford in the last transfer window , but the deal did n't go through .
Manager Jose Mourinho , who still keeps a close on football in his native Portugal , has now got his man .
Lindelof , who can operate at centre-back or right-back , will join his new team-mates for their pre-season tour of the USA in July .
The groundhog made a second appearance Friday , in this one casting a shadow over the local sports scene .
Try as it might , the renowned rodent just could n't predict another two quarters of cold shooting for the Welland Centennial Cougars , even when the defending champions at the Niagara Falls Review High School Basketball Tournament trailed 22-4 after the first quarter .
The Cougars , whose game plan is predicated on a well-balanced scoring attack , proved the prediction right .
After trailing the St. Paul Patriots 31-19 at halftime , the Cats came back , all the way to a 66-59 victory in an overtime thriller Friday night at Westlane Secondary School .
In the first half , cold shooting , like the common cold , was contagious infecting the entire Centennial lineup . Shots that bounced off the glass and clanged off the rim outnumbered field goals and 3 's , by a wide margin .
Head coach Phil Mosley did n't say anything extraordinary to the Cougars at the break . He reminded his players what they could do , because they all had done it before .
“ We were shooting cold , and we were down , but we just said we 're going to stick to our game plan , ” Mosley said . “ We knew that our shots would eventually drop .
“ They still did n't go down as easily as I would have liked in the second half , although we did start to shoot a little bit better . ”
Centennial , which lost to St. Francis in the final at the Standard Tournament and beat Notre Dame for the Tribune Tournament championship a little more than a month later , did n't push the panic button .
“ We just stayed with our game , and we believed in each other . That 's been sort of our motto all season long . ”
The Patriots , who trailed by as many as nine points in regulation , forced a four-minute overtime when Victor Kariuki , their player of the game and a tournament all-star , went 2-for-2 from the free-throw line with 8.1 seconds left on the clock .
“ We just made too many mistakes , ” St. Paul head coach Frank Capretta said . “ I 'm sure they ( Centennial ) had a lot to do with some of the mistakes , but we just tried doing the same things over and over again .
“ And sooner or later , we realized they did n't work . ”
Keenan Larmand , Nick Yioldassis , both Centennial ; Richard Werner , St. Paul ; and Dusan Krkljus , St. Michael ; also were named to the all-star team .
Centennial 's Reese Radobenko was named the most valuable player at the eight-team tournament .
St. Michael defeated A.N . Myer 60-50 in the third-place final .
Gryphons net B title
Day 2 of the Niagara Falls Review High School Boys Basketball Tournament is all about comebacks for teams on the consolation side of the bracket .
Qualifying-round losers have two chances to end the eight-team competition on a winning note , giving their programs something to build on heading into the playoffs less than two weeks from now .
At this year 's tournament the Greater Fort Erie Gryphons were the team that made the most of the opportunity . Niagara 's newest high school rebounded from an opening-round loss to St. Michael by defeating Stamford 68-44 in the semifinals and host Westlane 56-29 to win the consolation championship .
Austin Ladouceur , selected his team 's player of the game after leading all scorers in the B final with 17 points , said the Gryphons returned to the court Friday morning knowing they needed to “ pick some momentum . ”
Rather than dwell solely on how rusty and out of sync they were in a 57-35 loss to St. Michael , they needed to build on positives from that game .
“ We needed to be in the right mindset for the games today , ” the 6-foot guard said .
He called the loss to the Mustangs a wakeup call .
“ It definitely got us to check and see where we need to be . ”
Ladouceur suggested playing two games in one day , while exhausting to some players , could be an advantage , with momentum from the first carrying over into the second .
“ It definitely could be an advantage if you have a good first game . ”
Once again , all 12 games in the 40th edition of the tournament were played at Westlane , but Spartans guard Daniyal Siddiqui did n't feel extra pressure playing on his homecourt .
“ Not really , because we have great fans right here , ” the Grade 12 student said after competing in his second , and final , Review Tournament .
“ We are disappointed that we lost , but I think overall we did have better defence . ”
He was proud of the team 's work ethic .
“ To us , we never want to get outworked by someone and I 'm pretty sure we hustled , ” Siddiqui said . “ There were a few shots that were n't falling for us . ”
Niagara Christian defeated Stamford 58-51 in the seventh-place final .
bfranke @ postmedia.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
No visible progress has been made in rejuvenating Chester 's long-neglected Dee House almost a year since a deal was announced to transform the Georgian building into a hotel , restaurant and visitor centre .
Cheshire West and Chester Council ( CWaC ) has revealed that a survey has not even been carried out at the grade II-listed property since the partnership with Daniel Thwaites plc was announced last September .
However , Thwaites insist slow progress is being made ‘ behind the scenes ' .
Lack of progress has been jumped on by businessman Adam Dandy who ran a well-supported petition offering an alternative vision which would see Dee House demolished to allow part of the other half of the amphitheatre on which it sits to be excavated .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
He posted on Twitter : “ 1 year on , is Dee House just too expensive to fix ? “
Chester Archaeological Society took an opposing stance saying Dee House was ‘ an important part of Chester 's history ' . “ That is why it is listed , ” said one of their tweets .
But the society also sounded a pessimistic note in stating : “ Thwaites supposedly doing more surveys , but inevitably one wonders whether project on back burner and they will walk away . ”
A well known Chester Twitter account posted : “ Worrying , as it could end up like this for decades now . ”
A statement issued by CWaC appears to raise more questions than it provides answers .
Cllr Louise Gittins , cabinet member for communities and wellbeing , said : “ The original plans were for survey work to be carried out on Dee House at the beginning of this year . However due to the complex issues with the building the amount of work required is far more detailed than expected .
“ We are keen to progress with this work and have been finalising specifications . We hope that the survey work can now be carried out within the next few months .
“ Subject to the results of the survey , detailed plans can then be produced by Thwaites to bring the building back to life and create a new hotel , restaurant and interpretation area for the amphitheatre . The plans will be shared as part of a public consultation . ”
Rick Bailey , chief executive officer at Thwaites , said : `` We are continuing to work with the council to bring Dee House back to life . Whilst progress has been a bit slower than expected due to the complexity of the project , work is progressing behind the scenes . ''
HAVANA — Cuba has opened up its first wholesale market in an economy dominated by government-run enterprises .
State-run newspaper Granma says the market is part of an ongoing effort to “ reorganize ” commerce on the communist island . The market will sell beans , beer , sugar , cigars and other basic staples for 20 to 30 per cent less than the products are sold throughout the country .
Since 2010 , the government has authorized about 500,000 people to operate private businesses , and many of them have long-sought access to a wholesale marketplace . Their wait is not over . The government says the market known as the Mercabal is only open to 35 worker-owned co-operatives in Havana , at least for now .
The state-run economy accounts for 70 to 80 per cent of the Cuban economy .
They 'll portray members of the Cherokee and Mohawk Nations , who feature in the upcoming season
More than 100 First Nation Canadians have arrived in Scotland to play a number of speaking and supporting roles in Outlander season four and RadioTimes.com has your first EXCLUSIVE sneak peek at them in action .
Advertisement
Season four sees Claire ( Caitriona Balfe ) and Jamie ( Sam Heughan ) navigating the trials and tribulations of life in Colonial America .
The team behind the show felt that it was important to be sensitive to the historical context and be as authentic as possible when telling the story .
“ Every department , from Production design to costume and hair and make-up does a huge amount of research to ensure we create a world that feels authentic to the time and place , ” Outlander 's Executive Producer Matthew B Roberts said .
“ To build our Native American world , they have learned traditional techniques , from canoe building to hand weaving and , to populate that world , we have welcomed a great team from Canada to play both the speaking and supporting roles of the Cherokee and Mohawk Nations in Outlander season four . ”
The North Carolina scenes are actually being filmed in Scotland , which was surprisingly well suited to double for the US location .
Image of First Nation actors on the set of Outlander season four by Aimee Spinks / 2018 Sony Pictures Television Inc. All Rights Reserved
Advertisement
Outlander season four is due to air in November 2018 . You can catch up on seasons one to three on Amazon Prime with a 30-day free trial in the UK , or catch season two on More4 on Thursday nights from Thursday June 14th
IKEA U.S. Launches a New Gift Registry to Help Shoppers Celebrate Special Occasions by
Tuesday , February 14 2017 @ 11:07 AM EST
Posted in News & Views
Download the IKEA Gift Registry app ( available for iOS and Android ; text “ Registry ” to 62345 to receive link to download )
Visit the IKEA Gift Registry website ( www.IKEA-USA.com/registry )
Got to an IKEA store and use the IKEA Gift Registry kiosk .
Chip-in : Via the IKEA Gift Registry site , users can “ chip in ” a desired dollar amount towards the total purchase price of the product , a great option for big-ticket items . * * * Add to Gift Card : Via the IKEA Gift Registry site , users can virtually “ buy ” an item ; the value is then applied to an IKEA Gift Card , as opposed to buying the physical product . Buy Online : Users can purchase a registry item online at IKEA-USA.com and choose to have an item sent to them or directly to the recipient . * * * * Buy In-Store : Users can purchase a registry product in any IKEA U.S . store . * * * * *
* The Giveaway begins at 12:00:01 AM ( ET ) on 2/14/2017 and ends at 11:59:59 PM ( ET ) on 5/31/2017 . Visit www.IKEA-USA.com/registry for Giveaway rules .
* * IKEA FAMILY is a free loyalty program with benefits such as product discounts , free coffee or hot tea in the restaurant , 90 day price protection , extra Småland time , special offers , ideas and inspiration , and more . Visit HERE for more information .
* * * Chip-in is only available on single items greater than $ 50 in value . Not available if registry creator adds 2 or more of an item to their registry
* * * * Not all IKEA products are available to purchase online . To find out if a product is available to purchase online , when looking at the registry list online on the IKEA Gift Registry website , click on “ purchase ” to reveal the purchase options for a specific item . Adding the registry number in the shopping cart during the online checkout process will ensure the purchase is attributed to registry . To do this , enter the registry number in the “ IKEA FAMILY card number ” field in the shopping cart at checkout .
* * * * * Present a gift registry print out or pull up and present the registry number and barcode via a mobile device to the cashier at checkout . The cashier will scan the registry barcode at the register . If the product has a special IKEA FAMILY price , it will be applied once the barcode is scanned as well .
Advertisement
Salah runs riot as Liverpool hit five past Roma
Mohamed Salah scored two brilliant goals and set up two more as Liverpool beat Roma 5-2 in a remarkable Champions League semi-final first leg at Anfield on Tuesday .
Salah 's stunning brace separated the sides at half-time , and the Egyptian created further goals for Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino , with the latter then making it five .
However , an Edin Dzeko goal and a late Diego Perotti penalty gave Roma some hope ahead of next Wednesday 's return .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
I like to photograph nature , particularly landscapes . One of the factors that drew me into it is the challenge of capturing the beauty of mother nature . As landscape photographers , we often have to embrace the weather and work with it rather than around it , which means you may need to accentuate the light in post-processing software like Photoshop . That is what I will cover in this article .
Some genres of photography – those done in indoor studios – provide a controlled environment to create the ideal color and light you envisioned . In landscape photography , the great outdoors is our studio , and the sun is the main source of light . Although there are no comfortable chairs or the luxury of shooting tethered , we enjoy every moment of being outdoors .
Landscape photographers find the mere presence of good light to be exciting . Personally , I get particularly thrilled when there are rays of light – the more the better . When I encounter these situations , I become trigger-happy with my camera . However , this does not always translate to a good image once you load it on your computer . To appreciate these light ways , you may need to use techniques to bring the light back to life .
Over the years , I have experimented with different post-processing techniques to accentuate light , and I 'm going to share that with you in this article .
Accentuating vs Creating
Before I go further , I just want to clarify this . I know the sound of the word “ accentuate ” may not appeal to some readers because you may have the impression that you are making something out of nothing in Photoshop . By accentuating , I 'm merely working on what already exists in the image and emphasizing it visually to draw viewers ' attention . If you have a strong ethics about post-processing , then I can reassure you that you wo n't be “ Photoshopping ” your image to the point of absurdity .
Having said that , this technique will also work in situations where there are no visible light rays captured in an image . So , if you are approaching photography from that point of view , you might find this an easy and a quick way to create light in your composite work .
Finding the Right Image to Edit
A good result comes from being selective about the type of image you choose to work on . You want an image that has good tonal separation between the light and its surrounding . A good example is when rays of light break through leaves on a tree , or bright light shining through a window into a dimly lit room . In both cases , because light is moving from a bright to a darker space , it gives the impression that it is “ visible. ” A picture paints more than a thousand words , so I hope the image below illustrates my point .
Accentuating Light in Photoshop
This technique does n't require any third-party plugins or scripts in Photoshop . For that reason , you can technically replicate what I 'm showing you here in most image editing software .
Also , instead of instructions , I 'm going to share with you what I normally do . You can then process this information the way that works for you . It does n't matter if you decide to follow my steps completely or adapt it into your own workflow . Ultimately , there is more than one way to skin a cat .
Once you have opened the image in Photoshop , the first step is visualization . What I normally do is to take a closer look at the image and identify the source of the light . I pay attention to the path of the light , whether it is dispersed or converged . I then look at the direction of the light and the objects around its path . Finally , I visualize how the accentuated light might look and figure out what I need to do to get there .
Personally , I think attention to detail is important . At the end of the day , you want to create an effect that is as natural as possible . This “ pre-flight check ” gives you an opportunity to do the mental sketching and think about how you can achieve the goal .
The 3-Step Process : Paint , Blur , and Mask
Once you have done your homework as explained above , it is now time to do some actual work . The process of accentuating light is pretty simple . First , you paint with white . Then , you blur it . Lastly , you mask out any unwanted areas with the effect . Let me elaborate further .
The first step is to select the brush tool and set the foreground color to white . I prefer to set the hardness of the brush to 0 so that the effect blends seamlessly into the image . In regards to the size of the brush when drawing the dots , this is what impacts the size of the light rays in your final image . So , go with whatever will look good according to your visualization in the “ pre-flight check . ”
Now , create a new layer and paint several dots using the white brush along the path of the light you want to accentuate . The larger the brush size and the more dots you paint , the stronger the effect . Still , you do n't need to worry too much about that , because you can always mask it with a layer mask or reduce the opacity of the layer .
I know everything looks unpromising and bizarre at this stage , but I assure you this is all part of the process !
Applying a Gaussian Blur and Motion Blur
The next step is to create the light from these white dots you have painted . This is achieved by applying two types of blur : motion and Gaussian .
First , use motion blur to render the white dots to a hazy line . With the new layer ( the one painted with white dots ) still selected , go to Filter > Blur > Motion Blur . Set the angle in the direction of the light . The easiest way to do so is to use the dial to the right of the angle value box . Distance sets the amount of blur you wish to apply . Typically , you want just enough blur so that the white dots do n't look like dots but all fuse together into a white blurry thick line .
Now that you have what it looks like “ light ” , the temptation is to stop here . But if you look closely by zooming in , you can see the light you have created has some unwanted texture . This can easily be rectified by blurring it with Gaussian blur . To apply it , go to Filter > Blur > Gaussian Blur . You want just enough blur to get rid of the texture and make the light looks diffusely soft . This can normally be done by setting the radius for Gaussian blur approximately between 10 to 30 . Too much and you are likely to render everything unrecognizable , to the point that you may as well not have added any effect in the first place ! Here is the result , with an added sense of haze and light to the image :
If you find it difficult to visualize the effect when applying the blur filters , view it on a black background by adding a new layer underneath the layer with the white dots and fill it with black . This layer can be deleted afterwards when you are done editing . When you are done , change the blend mode of the layer to soft light and you should see the result immediately ! You can lower the opacity of the layer to reduce the effect if it is too strong for your taste . If it is n't strong enough , simply duplicate the layer to double the effect .
Adding More Definition to the Light Ray
Depending on your image , the last step is optional , and you might even find it unnecessary . But if you want to make the light you created more defined , you can do so by masking out parts of the layer you just created .
In the example above , the source of light comes from the top right corner . You can see how the light is being partially blocked by the tip of the mountain on the right . So , I want a relatively hard beam traveling diagonally downwards to the left . I can make it more defined by masking out light in a line from the tip of the mountain down to the opposite side of the image .
This is a simple task . Just add a layer mask , select the brush tool , and set the foreground to black . Put hardness to 0 and size relatively large . With a quick and straight movement to mimic a stroke of a brush , paint on the layer mask to conceal any light spilled from the tip of the mountain .
Here is a comparison between the before and after , which also includes further tonal and color adjustments :
There you go , a really easy way to accentuate light in Photoshop !
A More Complex Example
The example I have just given you above is a fairly straightforward scenario where you accentuate light in a single direction . In this second example , I 'm going to show you an image with a more complex lighting and how to tackle it .
This image was taken at Glasgow University in Scotland . It has a Gothic style architecture with a beautiful cloister connecting the two main quadrangles . I considered this image complex in the context of what we have discussed in this article – accentuation of light in post-processing . When you look at the image , you can see the light is coming from the left , outside the cloister , shining through the arched entrances before dispersing in all directions to illuminate the pillars and the arches in the roof . In addition to that , the image has depth , and the intensity of the light is stronger near the background compared to the foreground .
In the first step , painting with white , I painted several white dots along the lines that I imagined would be the path of the traversing light . Instead of a single line like in the first example , this photo should have several beams , since the light is dispersing from the source ( the arched entrance ) .
So , after drawing dots along the lines drawn above , I did the same steps : I applied motion blur and Gaussian blur until the image looked right . This time , I also changed the layer 's blending mode to “ soft light , ” since I liked the result better than “ normal. ” Here was the result :
I was quite happy at this stage , but not entirely satisfied . I thought the image could do with some additional light . So , I repeated the steps to add more light from the arched entrance in the back . That 's something you are welcome to do – duplicating these steps until the image looks how you want .
Lastly , I did some layer masking to cut off the light in certain areas that it did not belong . This is because the light was coming in from different arched entrances , and these were at different depths in the image . So , I added a layer mask and painted black with a soft brush on areas that I did n't think should be affected , especially including some of the columns themselves . I turned the layer on and off every time I masked out a structure to make sure the overall lighting in the image remains natural and realistic .
The final version , which also has some additional tonal adjustments , is below :
Conclusion
As you can see , there is no complicated Photoshop workflow here . Just three simple steps : paint , blur and mask . This is by far the easiest way to accentuate light in post-processing that looks natural . Although I personally use this technique to enhance light that already exists in the image , you can use this technique to add light to more of a composite workflow as well .
Thank you to Photography Life reader Yaopey Yong for writing this article as part of our 2018 guest post contest ! Yaopey is a landscape and urban photographer . He frequently uses HDR in his workflow and prefers natural HDR through exposure blending . He shares his views on photography on his blog and work on his portfolio .
VOLUSIA COUNTY , Fla. ( WESH ) — A man who coaches and advises students at a middle school in Volusia County has been arrested on child sex charges .
Keyunta Murphy was arrested around midnight Monday after a student at Taylor-Middle High School in Pierson said he had been sexually abused by Murphy .
Investigators said Murphy performed a sex act on a 14-year-old student in a gym bathroom on campus .
Murphy contacted the victim during class and told him to come to the office , according to authorities . The victim agreed , but instead of going to the office , the two went to the gym bathroom , investigators said .
Murphy previously contacted the victim through Instagram , offering to pay him $ 200 to perform a sex act .
The Volusia County Sheriff 's Office said Murphy is charged with lewd and lascivious battery , use of a computer to seduce , solicit and lure a child , and unlawful use of a two-way communication device .
Murphy has worked at Taylor Middle-High since 2012 . He is an assistant girls ' volleyball coach and has also been a campus adviser since 2014 .
Murphy has been reassigned to a non-student contact position pending the outcome of the investigation , Volusia County School District Officials said .
The sheriff 's office said more information about the case will be released on Tuesday .
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
> > MORE TOP STORIES
The affected traders and motorists are to be relocated to the Kumasi Zoo main gate area .
The Kumasi Metropolitan Assembly ( KMA ) is temporarily relocating petty traders who sell on pavements at the Kejetia to enable the contractors constructing the $ 198 million market and lorry terminal to commence work on the road network to make the facility ready for use .
A statement issued and signed by the Public Relations Officer of the KMA , Mr Godwin Okumah Nyame , said the decision to relocate the traders was reached after meeting with the market leaders .
Indeed , the traders were to have moved out last Saturday but following some resistance from some of them , the KMA extended the date to Wednesday .
The move formed part of the Kejetia/Central Market redevelopment project of which the first phase is almost complete .
On completion , the KMA is expected to move traders from the main Central market to the Kejetia site to enable the second phase to cost $ 100 million to begin .
The government of Ghana secured a loan of $ 298 million from the Brazilian government two years ago to construct the market .
It is being constructed by a Brazilian construction firm , the Contracta .
Associated Press
A Texas congressman says a gunman first fired shots at Mississippi Rep. Trent Kelly and missed before shooting a Louisiana congressman while the Republicans practiced for a charity baseball game in a Washington suburb .
Rep. Joe Barton of Texas was at the practice and witnessed the shootings that wounded Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise and several others in Alexandria , Virginia .
Kelly said on Twitter that he is safe .
Mississippi 's two other Republican congressmen — Steven Palazzo and Gregg Harper — also say they are safe .
Palazzo is on the Republican baseball team but was not at practice because he was doing a radio interview . Harper is not on the team .
Barton tells reporters that Kelly was playing third base . Scalise , who was shot in the hip , was playing second .
Steven K. Thompson died in Marathon County . He became known as “ Rambo ” after evading police for months in the woods of Wisconsin in 1987 .
Source : GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
AMERICAN LEAGUE Toronto 000 002 002—4 6 1 Boston 001 012 02x—6 11 1
Gaviglio , Oh ( 7 ) , Tepera ( 8 ) and Maile ; Rodriguez , Barnes ( 7 ) , B.Johnson ( 9 ) , Kimbrel ( 9 ) and C.Vazquez . W_Rodriguez 6-1 . L_Gaviglio 2-1 . Sv_Kimbrel ( 18 ) . HRs_Toronto , Hernandez ( 8 ) . Boston , Nunez ( 4 ) , Martinez ( 18 ) .
___
Chicago 000 000 001—1 5 2 Cleveland 205 200 00x—9 13 0
Lopez , Volstad ( 3 ) , Avilan ( 4 ) , Rondon ( 5 ) , Fry ( 6 ) , N.Jones ( 7 ) , Soria ( 8 ) and Narvaez ; Kluber , Beliveau ( 7 ) , Marshall ( 8 ) , B.Taylor ( 9 ) and Gomes . W_Kluber 8-2 . L_Lopez 1-4 . HRs_Chicago , Sanchez ( 3 ) . Cleveland , Ramirez ( 17 ) , Encarnacion ( 13 ) .
___
Houston 000 020 001—3 7 0 New York 100 022 00x—5 8 1
Keuchel , McHugh ( 6 ) and Stassi ; L.Severino , Robertson ( 8 ) , Chapman ( 9 ) and Romine . W_L.Severino 8-1 . L_Keuchel 3-7 . Sv_Chapman ( 12 ) . HRs_Houston , Stassi ( 5 ) .
___
Los Angeles 001 000 000—1 7 0 Detroit 100 005 00x—6 9 0
Ohtani , Bedrosian ( 6 ) , J.Johnson ( 6 ) , Morris ( 8 ) and Maldonado ; Fiers , Jimenez ( 8 ) , Greene ( 9 ) and Greiner . W_Coleman 2-0 . L_Bedrosian 1-1 .
___
Minnesota 001 124 000— 8 11 0 Kansas City 270 000 11x—11 16 0
Romero , Slegers ( 2 ) , Pressly ( 8 ) and B.Wilson ; Keller , Oaks ( 4 ) , Smith ( 5 ) , Flynn ( 6 ) , McCarthy ( 7 ) , Hill ( 8 ) , Herrera ( 9 ) and S.Perez . W_McCarthy 4-2 . L_Romero 2-2 . Sv_Herrera ( 12 ) . HRs_Minnesota , Dozier ( 8 ) , Adrianza ( 1 ) . Kansas City , Moustakas ( 12 ) , Soler ( 8 ) , Dozier ( 1 ) .
___
INTERLEAGUE Washington 001 000 100—2 7 0 Baltimore 000 000 000—0 4 0
Scherzer , Doolittle ( 9 ) and P.Severino ; Hess , M.Castro ( 7 ) , Hart ( 8 ) , Wright Jr. ( 9 ) and Sisco . W_Scherzer 9-1 . L_Hess 2-2 . Sv_Doolittle ( 13 ) . HRs_Washington , Harper ( 18 ) .
___
NATIONAL LEAGUE St. Louis 000 000 200—2 8 1 Milwaukee 000 010 20x—3 10 1
A.Reyes , Gant ( 5 ) , Lyons ( 7 ) , Tuivailala ( 7 ) and Kelly ; Guerra , Jeffress ( 7 ) , Hader ( 8 ) , Knebel ( 9 ) and Kratz , Pina . W_Jeffress 5-0 . L_Tuivailala 1-1 . Sv_Knebel ( 5 ) . HRs_St . Louis , Bader ( 5 ) . Milwaukee , Yelich ( 7 ) .
___
Cincinnati 000 402 001—7 12 0 Arizona 301 000 000—4 13 1
Romano , W.Peralta ( 6 ) , Hughes ( 7 ) , Garrett ( 7 ) , R.Iglesias ( 8 ) and Barnhart ; Corbin , Salas ( 7 ) , Chafin ( 8 ) , McFarland ( 9 ) and Murphy . W_Romano 3-6 . L_Corbin 5-2 . Sv_R.Iglesias ( 9 ) . HRs_Cincinnati , Schebler ( 6 ) , Duvall ( 10 ) . Arizona , Goldschmidt ( 7 ) , Murphy ( 7 ) .
___
Chicago 100 000 000—1 9 1 Pittsburgh 110 000 00x—2 9 0
Hendricks , R.Rosario ( 6 ) , Mazzoni ( 7 ) , J.Wilson ( 7 ) and Contreras ; Musgrove , Crick ( 8 ) , F.Vazquez ( 9 ) and Cervelli . W_Musgrove 2-0 . L_Hendricks 4-4 . Sv_F.Vazquez ( 10 ) . HRs_Pittsburgh , Harrison ( 2 ) .
___
New York 000 100 111—4 9 1 Atlanta 000 000 100—1 5 0
Vargas , T.Peterson ( 6 ) , Familia ( 8 ) , Gsellman ( 9 ) and Plawecki ; Teheran , Carle ( 8 ) , S.Freeman ( 8 ) , Socolovich ( 9 ) and Suzuki . W_Vargas 2-3 . L_Teheran 4-3 . Sv_Gsellman ( 2 ) . HRs_Atlanta , Camargo ( 4 ) .
___
San Francisco 020 220 010—7 11 0 Colorado 310 000 000—4 11 0
Holland , Moronta ( 6 ) , Watson ( 7 ) , S.Dyson ( 8 ) , Strickland ( 9 ) and Posey ; Gray , Musgrave ( 4 ) , Oberg ( 6 ) , McGee ( 8 ) , Rusin ( 9 ) and Wolters . W_Holland 3-6 . L_Musgrave 0-1 . Sv_Strickland ( 11 ) . HRs_Colorado , Arenado ( 11 ) .
___
Miami 000 200 000—2 4 1 San Diego 000 100 002—3 6 0
Urena , Steckenrider ( 7 ) , Barraclough ( 8 ) , Ziegler ( 9 ) and Realmuto ; Richard , Strahm ( 8 ) and Lopez . W_Strahm 1-2 . L_Ziegler 0-5 . HRs_Miami , Castro ( 3 ) . San Diego , Reyes ( 4 ) .
On Sunday , thousands of Big Baller Brand fans waited in line for hours to meet , greet and get autographs from Lonzo Ball , LaVar Ball , LiAngelo Ball and LaMelo Ball at Sneaker Pawn in New York City . Fortunately for those who braved the cold weather and boredom of being on queue , there was ample opportunity for low-brow entertainment , thanks to a “ present ” of sorts left behind by a dog .
So a dog just pooped in front of the Big Baller Brand pop-up shop in New York . ( Insert your own joke here . ) Now the highlight for everyone in line is seeing who will step in it . Welcome to 2017 in a nutshell . pic.twitter.com/lhCovjX3XK — Arash Markazi ( @ ArashMarkazi ) December 10 , 2017
That is , in fact , a video of Triple B customers watching with baited breath to see if Manhattan pedestrians step in dog poop .
Meanwhile , the media awaits the next LaVar might step in it with his words—in a metaphorical sense , of course .
Volunteer Polk has come up with a new idea to keep the homeless warm this season and they 're asking for your helping hands.Crocheting plastic bag together to make a heavy , water-proof mat is the new initiative to comfort those who may be homeless in Polk County . The program kicked off in Bartow where the team of volunteers is asking for all the plastic bags they can get their hands on . Each mat takes about 700 plastic bags . And although it may not sound comfortable or beautiful , it 's actually both .
PITTSBURGH — The “ Wow ” moment did n't come when Austin Meadows received the news the Pittsburgh Pirates were calling him up to the majors .
It did n't come when the outfielder 's extended trek to the majors ended when he stepped into the batter 's box for the first time as a big leaguer on May 18 in front of an appreciative PNC Park crowd that included hundreds dressed up as “ Star Wars ” characters as part of a promotion .
Instead , it arrived when he woke up in a hotel room across from the ballpark the morning of his debut and peeked out his window . What he saw forced him to do a double take , which tends to happen when you catch a glimpse of yourself on a banner stretched four stories high .
“ I did n't really expect that , ” Meadows said with a laugh .
That might be the only thing that 's caught the 23-year-old off-guard . Long considered the eventual heir to Andrew McCutchen before a series of injuries at Triple-A slowed his progress , Meadows has been a revelation . He entered Wednesday hitting .417 with four home runs , six RBIs and two stolen bases while basically forcing the Pirates to keep him even after Starling Marte — whose trip to the disabled list opened up a roster spot for Meadows — was activated over the weekend .
Meadows ' splashy start led general manager Neal Huntington to stress the decision not to send him back to the minors was n't so Meadows could simply fill in .
“ Austin Meadows is n't here as a fourth outfielder , ” Huntington said . “ He 's here as part of a four-outfielder group . ”
One in which Meadows will be a vital and versatile part . He 's already seen time at all three outfield positions at spacious and quirky PNC Park . Meadows credited Marte and outfield coach Kimera Bartee for giving him a crash course in how to navigate everything from the massive expanse of left field to the 21-foot high Roberto Clemente Wall in right .
When Chicago 's Anthony Rizzo hit a solo home run to the first row of seats Tuesday night , Meadows alertly raised his arms to ask manager Clint Hurdle to challenge the call . A fan dressed in Cubs ' gear stood at the railing and snagged the ball out of midair .
Though the homer stood upon review , Meadows ' presence of mind on his 11th day as a big leaguer — and his second start in right — is symbolic of the player the Pirates thought they were getting . They made the then-teenager from suburban Atlanta the ninth overall pick in the 2013 draft .
Meadows originally committed to play at Clemson before signing a $ 3 million signing bonus to join the Pirates , a decision that came with a significant amount of expectations . He joined a pipeline that produced McCutchen , Marte and Gregory Polanco , the “ outfield of the future ” when Pittsburgh began its renaissance from afterthought to contender earlier this decade .
Meadows practically sprinted to Triple-A Indianapolis before his progress stalled thanks to lingering hamstring and oblique injuries . He hit just .239 in 2016 and 2017 with the Indians and the clamouring for his promotion quieted . He hired a new trainer over the winter and hit .295 with 10 doubles in 32 games for Indianapolis before Marte was sidelined with an oblique issue of his own .
Meadows ' arrival earlier this month — unlike the arrivals of former coveted prospects McCutchen , Gerrit Cole and Polanco — was met with more of a shrug than breathless anticipation . That might not necessarily be a bad thing . It allowed the unassuming Meadows to fit in quickly in a clubhouse that 's undergone a significant overhaul since it made three straight playoff appearances from 2013-15 , including McCutchen 's departure in a trade to San Francisco in January .
Make no mistake : Meadows is not McCutchen and is n't trying to be McCutchen . He does , however , believe he belongs . So do his teammates .
“ He looks the part , ” said pitcher and 2010 first-round pick Jameson Taillon , who knows a thing or two about hype . “ He looks like a ballplayer . He 's not nervous , he 's not scared … When I got called up , I felt like my head was in my locker , I just wanted to stay out of people 's way . Meadows has come up , he 's comfortable . ”
And he 's raking . The player who never hit more than 12 home runs during any season in the minors already has four less than two weeks into his major league career , That includes a shot to right-centre on Tuesday night off Chicago ace Jon Lester , the first homer Lester has given up to a lefty all season .
Yet it was n't even Meadows ' most impressive feat of the night . That came in the ninth against Cubs closer Brandon Morrow . Pittsburgh had two on with one out and trailed by four when Meadows stepped in . Meadows fended off four sinkers at 98 or 99 mph before lining an infield single that loaded the bases and kept a Pittsburgh rally alive .
“ If you 're not impressed by Meadows ' at bats , you need to go watch another sport right now , ” Hurdle said .
Meadows is doing his best to take everything in stride . For all his early success , he 's quick to point out the team has slumped since his arrival . He 's no saviour . just one of 25 trying to do his part for a club that believes — if few others do — that it can contend in the stacked NL Central . He probably wo n't hit .400 all season . He probably wo n't hit a home run every third game . He 's well aware getting up here and staying up here are two entirely different things .
It 's a challenge he 's been preparing for since the first time he picked up a bat when he was 3 . The stakes have changed . His mindset has not .
“ You ca n't have any fear up here , ” he said .
——
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
The more you think about it , the more you realize Donald Trump has in common with archetypal emo kid of the mid-2000s : elaborate hairstyle , hatred for the popular kids , penchant for turgid oversharing online , fondness for the word “ sad. ” Picking up on those parallels , the jokers at Super Deluxe crafted an anthem that would slay at Hot Topic or your local Elks Club or VFW Hall , using only the president 's recent tweets as lyrics .
From first bloodletting wail of “ Very unfair ! ” to the brutal “ FAKE NEWS ” breakdown , Emo Trump is pure Myspace profile song material . Listen below .
Though he just announced North American tour dates for later this spring , Liam Gallagher is currently laid up with a chest infection that forced him to cut short his set at Lollapalooza Chile in Santiago on Sunday ( March 18 ) . Next up on the festival 's main stage were the Killers , who saved the day with a cover of Oasis ' classic crowd singalong favorite and Gallagher 's own customary closer , “ Wonderwall . ”
Killers frontman Brandon Flowers took the opportunity to reveal himself as an mega Liam fan . “ We heard you missed out on a couple of songs you wanted to hear , ” he said . “ Before I sing this song I would first like to say that Liam Gallagher is my king , is one of my kings. ” If Flowers strikes you as the kind of person who knows “ Wonderwall ” so well he can vocalize the piano solo off the shiny silver cuff , you 'd be right .
Watch the Killers cover “ Wonderwall ” below .
Ultra mags and Berger Bullets How many of you RUM shooters are shooting Bergers at magazine length with good accuracy ? ( Sub MOA ) or better . Seems to me that unless you have a RUM custom chambered there is no way to seat bullets any where near the `` sweet spot '' . The RUM 's just have too much freebore , .40 if I remember correctly . Bullets are almost completely clear of the case mouth before engaging the lands . Any help would be appreciated . Thanks
BANGOR , Maine — Isaiah White scored a career-high 23 points with five 3-pointers and made a game-saving block , Andre Fleming added 16 points for his 25th career game scoring in double figures , and Maine held off Binghamton 81-79 in overtime on Saturday to end a two-game skid .
Aaron Calixte scored 11 points for Maine ( 6-19 , 3-7 America East ) , which led 30-28 at halftime and by as many as 10 in the second half until Thomas Bruce 's tip-in tied it at 69 with eight seconds left in regulation .
Calixte 's layup off a Binghamton turnover made it 76-72 in OT and Ilker Er hit 1 of 2 from the line for a 77-72 Maine lead with 1:25 left after Binghamton missed 6 of 7 from 3 . The Bearcats closed to 81-79 on J.C. Show 's free throw with 10 seconds to go . Fard Muhammad missed a 3 with seven seconds left and got it back , but White blocked his shot at the buzzer to seal it for Maine .
Show scored 20 points , Bruce had 18 with 13 rebounds and Muhammad 17 points with five 3s for Binghamton ( 10-15 , 1-9 ) , which has lost five straight .
HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY , Fla. ( WFLA ) – The Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office is asking for help identifying a burglar who smashed a brick paver through the front glass door of a local jewelry store .
Detectives say it happened at 3:02 a.m. on Monday at the Safas Jewelry store located at 8492 West Hillsborough Avenue .
Once the thief made it inside , he smashed a display case and took jewelry that was inside .
A surveillance camera recorded photos of the thief .
Investigators provided this description of the suspect :
Male
About 5 ' 8″ – 5'10 ” tall
Thin build
Suspect was wearing a long sleeve shirt , athletic style pants , black shoes and black gloves
Anyone with any information reference the suspect is asked to call the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office at 813-247-8200 or anyone with any information regarding the identity and whereabouts of this suspect and who wants to be eligible for a cash reward is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-873-TIPS ( 8477 ) , report anonymously online at http : //www.crimestopperstb.com .
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
> > BACK TO TOP STORIES
ASHBURN , Va. ( AP ) -- The Washington Redskins have restructured the contract of their longest-tenured player , DeAngelo Hall .
Hall said Wednesday he agreed to a pay cut in the hopes of remaining on the roster after missing most of last season with a torn ACL in his right knee . Hall , who has been in Washington since 2008 , was set to count more than $ 5 million against the salary cap .
The 33-year-old converted from cornerback to safety midway through the 2015 season and is still recovering from surgery last fall . Asked about restructuring to stick around , Hall said , `` We worked something out '' this week .
Achilles tendon , toe and knee injuries have limited Hall to 17 games the past three seasons . Coach Jay Gruden called Hall a mainstay who `` keeps the boat from sinking from time to time . ''
-- -
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
Hong Kong and Singapore Emerge as New Meccas for Token Sales
Two countries have recently emerged as the new Meccas for token sales following bans in China and South Korea . The number of initial coin offerings in Singapore and Hong Kong has skyrocketed in recent months , as companies seek a favorable environment to raise funds outside their home countries .
Also read : Yahoo ! Japan Confirms Entrance Into the Crypto Space
New Meccas for ICOs
With some countries cracking down on token sales , Hong Kong and Singapore have attracted companies seeking to raise funds through initial coin offerings ( ICOs ) .
According to Fintech businesses , lawyers , and industry groups , the number of companies launching ICOs in Singapore and Hong Kong “ has skyrocketed in recent months , ” South China Morning Post reported on Monday . The news outlet then quoted Anson Zeall , chairman of the Association of Cryptocurrency Enterprises and Startups Singapore , noting :
We can not say Singapore has become an ICO hub yet , as more work needs to be done , but yes , there has been a lot of activity since September last year .
He and others believe that this is partly due to China 's crackdown on ICOs . “ In September , Beijing defined an ICO as an illegal fundraising tool after concerns over financial scams and money laundering . Dozens of ICO platforms in the country have since shut down , ” the publication recalled .
While China cracked down on cryptocurrencies and ICOs , Hong Kong remains open to them and has seen significant growth in the number of token sales .
Neither Hong Kong nor Singapore currently has specific rules for ICOs . Lawyers and ICO issuers in both cities reiterated to the news outlet that raising funds through digital tokens remains loosely regulated there .
ICOs Moved Out of China
When China mandated domestic ICO issuers to refund investors and stop any new fundraising activities , many of them moved abroad .
Daisy Wu is among those whose companies have turned to Singapore shortly after Beijing 's ban . “ We wanted to avoid legal risks , ” she was quoted . Her company , the Beijing-based Xender , is now trying to raise US $ 10 million through an ICO for a file-sharing service , the news outlet detailed . Wu confirmed :
Many Chinese companies have gone to Singapore for ICOs…We all want to play it safe .
Ben Yates , a lawyer with RPC specializing in fintech and cyber law , said that he has seen significant growth in ICO-related inquiries since September , elaborating :
It is very likely that the surge in the number of ICO inquiries we have received in the past few months is at least partly a consequence of the restrictions in mainland China…The obvious next step for many Chinese ICO issuers to take is to cross the border . You can still speak Chinese , but you can operate in a more favourable regulatory environment .
Korean Fever & Bithumb 's ICO
South Korea also banned ICOs in September of last year , forcing local issuers to look elsewhere . They have also reportedly poured into Hong Kong and Singapore recently .
“ Some argue that there is no legal basis for an ICO ban in Korea , but the authorities say that current laws alone are sufficient , ” Money Today Network noted .
Earlier this month , news.Bitcoin.com reported that corporations in South Korea are attempting to bypass regulations using subsidiaries overseas to launch their ICOs .
Last week , local media reported that Bithumb , one of South Korea 's largest crypto exchanges , is planning to launch a “ Bithumb Coin ” ICO through a Singaporean corporation . Another South Korean startup , Zikto , is also reportedly preparing an ICO in Singapore .
What do you think of Hong Kong and Singapore as the hubs for ICOs ? Let us know in the comments section below .
Images courtesy of Shutterstock .
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings ? Check our tools section .
The post Hong Kong and Singapore Emerge as New Meccas for Token Sales appeared first on Bitcoin News .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
US President Donald Trump has discussed over phone with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe the situation on the Korean Peninsula and the relocation of a US base in Japan . The situation on the Korean Peninsula has remained volatile in 2017 , as North Korea conducted its sixth nuclear test and the US conducted large-scale military drills with South Korea , sending aircraft carrier groups , strategic bombers , nuclear submarines and other strategic assets there .
The White House said in a statement on Friday that Trump and Abe also discussed the pending relocation of a US Marine base on Okinawa and ways to strengthen Japan 's defence capabilities including an expanded missile defence system
US President Donald Trump has discussed over phone with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe the situation on the Korean Peninsula and the relocation of a US base in Japan . The White House said in a statement on Friday that Trump and Abe also discussed the pending relocation of a US Marine base on Okinawa and ways to strengthen Japan 's defence capabilities including an expanded missile defence system , Xinhua news agency reported . The phone talks came ahead of a visit to Japan by U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Tuesday , who will fly on to South Korea to attend the opening ceremony of the Pyeongchang Olympics .
The situation on the Korean Peninsula remained volatile throughout 2017 , as North Korea conducted its sixth nuclear test and the US conducted large-scale military drills with South Korea , sending aircraft carrier groups , strategic bombers , nuclear submarines and other strategic assets there . Washington has also maintained its so-called “ maximum pressure ” against North Korea , yet so far the strategy has not achieved its expected goals .
Ri Yong Ho , Foreign Minister of North Korea , has accused the US of undermining inter-Korean reconciliation process and aggravating the situation on the Korean Peninsula on Wednesday in a letter sent to UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres . The US authorities are “ seeking to intentionally aggravate the situation by introducing the strategic assets including nuclear-powered aircraft carrier strike groups into the vicinity of the Korean peninsula at a time when north and south of Korea are charting a course of peace together , ” Ri said in the letter .
Close Get email notifications on Marissa Barnett daily !
Your notification has been saved .
There was a problem saving your notification .
Whenever Marissa Barnett posts new content , you 'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link .
Email notifications are only sent once a day , and only if there are new matching items .
( AP Photo/Richard Drew , File ) . FILE- This April 5 , 2018 , file photo shows the facade of the New York Stock Exchange . The U.S. stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. EDT on Tuesday , April 25 .
By MARLEY JAY
AP Markets Writer
NEW YORK ( AP ) - U.S. stocks are higher Tuesday morning as investors applaud strong first-quarter results from companies including machinery maker Caterpillar , appliance maker Whirlpool and Fifth Third Bancorp . Smaller companies made big gains in an optimistic sign for the U.S. economy . Bond yields continue to rise and the 10-year Treasury note reached 3 percent for the first time in more than four years . Alphabet , Google 's parent company , slid after it reported greater revenue but also an increase in spending .
KEEPING SCORE : The S & P 500 index gained 4 points , or 0.2 percent , to 2,675 as of 9:55 a.m. Eastern time . The Dow Jones industrial average rose 43 points , or 0.2 percent , to 24,492 . The Nasdaq composite added 13 points , or 0.2 percent , to 7,141 . The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks rose 8 points , or 0.5 percent , to 1,570 .
MACHINE POWER : Caterpillar said the strong global economy helped its sales of construction and energy industry machinery and it raised its forecasts for the year . It also said prices rose and its stock jumped 3.3 percent to $ 159 . Appliance maker Whirlpool also surpassed expectations and rose 5 percent to $ 157.80 . Aircraft maker United Technologies rallied 1.5 percent to $ 125.29 after its report and competitor Boeing gained 1.7 percent to $ 344.59 . Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies picked up 2.4 percent to $ 90.15 .
MISPRINT : Alphabet slid 2.6 percent to $ 1,045.78 after the company said ad revenue climbed , but expenses also rose . Google 's parent company benefited from strong digital ad sales as well as an accounting change .
Drugmaker Biogen reported weaker sales than analysts expected and its stock gave up 2.3 percent to $ 253.34 while scientific equipment maker Waters said sales to industrial customers decreased . The stock plunged 7.9 percent to $ 193 .
BONDS : Bond prices kept slipping . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 3 percent before it slipped to 2.99 percent . It finished at 2.98 percent on Monday .
The yield on the 10-year note is a benchmark for many kinds of interest rates including mortgages , and it 's been climbing because investors expect greater economic growth and faster inflation . It had n't reached 3 percent since early January of 2014 .
Since the global financial crisis in 2008-09 , a combination of low inflation expectations and a bond-buying program by the Federal Reserve have helped keep bond yields low , but they have climbed this year as inflation has picked up and the Fed raised interest rates . With the Fed no longer buying bonds and investors expecting greater inflation , analysts say higher yields could make bonds more attractive .
CURRENCIES : The dollar rose to 109.13 yen from 108.65 yen . The euro rose to $ 1.2230 from $ 1.2205 .
ENERGY : Benchmark U.S. crude oil gained 19 cents to $ 68.83 a barrel in New York . Brent crude , used to price international oils , gained 7 cents to $ 74.78 per barrel in London .
OVERSEAS : Germany 's DAX lost 0.3 percent while the French CAC 40 dipped 0.2 percent . Britain 's FTSE 100 rose 0.2 percent . Japan 's benchmark Nikkei 225 rose 0.9 percent , helped by the weaker yen . The Kospi in South Korea lost 0.4 percent and Hong Kong 's Hang Seng added 1.4 percent .
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http : //twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . His work can be found at https : //apnews.com/search/marley % 20jay
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , arrives for the 2018 Pulitzer Prize winners awards luncheon at Columbia University , Wednesday May 30 , 2018 , in New York .
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Annabella Sciorra , left , stands with Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , second from left , Rosanna Arquette , and Farrow 's mother Mia Farrow , right , as they arrive for the 2018 Pulitzer Prize winners award ...
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , center , Annabella Sciorra , left , and Rosanna Arquette , right , arrive for the 2018 Pulitzer Prize winners awards luncheon at Columbia University , Wednesday May 30 , 2018 , ...
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , second from right , his mother Mia Farrow , far right , Anabella Sciorra , far left , and Rosanna Arquette , second from left , two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi ...
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Two of Harvey Weinstein 's accusers have watched from the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards .
The New York Times and The New Yorker magazine received the gold medal for public service Wednesday for reporting on decades of sexual abuse allegations against the Hollywood mogul .
The stories by Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey of The Times and Ronan Farrow for The New Yorker sparked the # MeToo movement .
Joining the luncheon at Columbia University in support of the journalistic work were Rosanna Arquette and Annabella Sciorra . The actresses are among those who have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct , allegations he denies .
Farrow was also joined by his mother , actress Mia Farrow .
Rapper-songwriter Kendrick Lamar was there to pick up his Pulitzer Prize for music .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
YOUNGSTOWN , Ohio — Cole Gentry scored 21 points and Mark Hughes added 15 points on 5-of-10 shooting from 3-point range to power Wright State to an 83-57 romp over Youngstown State on Saturday .
Gentry connected on 8 of 13 shots from the floor to help the Raiders ( 18-7 , 10-2 Horizon League ) finish 29 of 51 ( 57 per cent ) . Gentry hit 3 of 6 shots from distance as Wright State shot 41 per cent ( 9 of 22 ) from beyond the arc . The Raiders held the Penguins ( 6-19 , 4-8 ) to 31-per cent shooting from the floor ( 20 of 65 ) and 18 per cent ( 3 of 17 ) from long range .
Braun Hartfield was the lone Penguin in double figures with 20 points . He added six rebounds and three steals . Naz Bohannon had 13 rebounds to go along with nine points .
Hartfield scored seven as the Penguins jumped out to a 9-2 lead , but Hughes hit two 3s in a 14-0 run and Wright State , which led 40-25 by halftime , never trailed again .
Bangladesh was skittled out for 43 before lunch , the lowest total in its test history , on the opening day as West Indies right-arm quick Kemar Roach claimed figures of 5-8 in the first test on Wednesday .
Fast-medium bowler Miguel Cummins took 3-11 as Bangladesh 's innings lasted just 18.4 overs .
Opener Liton Das was the only batsman to reach double figures and his 25 was more than half his side 's total .
West Indies won the toss and chose to bowl at Sir Vivian Richards Stadium .
New Zealand made the lowest total in test history when it was bowled out for 26 by England in Auckland in 1955 .
OKLAHOMA CITY — The Thunder 's new Big Three looked ready to do big things in their first action together .
Fans got their first chance to see reigning MVP Russell Westbrook and All-Stars Paul George and Carmelo Anthony play together since the Thunder acquired George and Anthony in trades . They were dominant in Oklahoma City 's 102-91 win over New Orleans on Friday night .
Westbrook played for the first time this preseason after getting a platelet rich plasma injection in his knee . He missed the team 's Blue-White scrimmage and the preseason opener against Houston in Tulsa on Monday . He finished with nine points , four assists and one rebound in 9:58 before coming out for good late in the first quarter . Westbrook has said that he is fine and the injection is something he does each year , but he did it later than usual this year because he spent a lot of time at home focusing on his newborn son .
Now that Westbrook is back to basketball , Thunder coach Billy Donovan can start figuring out how to blend the stars ' skill sets .
“ That 's the thing with Coach , ” George said . “ He sat down with myself , sat down with Russ , Carmelo and he wants us to be ourselves . He wants us to bring what makes us so special . Just do it within the confinements of this team . That 's what 's going to make the game easier for everybody . ”
George scored 25 points in just over 27 minutes and Anthony added nine points and six rebounds .
George said he 's still adjusting to Westbrook 's speed , mentally and physically .
“ We joke about it — how to run a fastbreak , because he is just so fast , ” George said . “ About the time you catch it , your feet is all messed up trying to catch up to him . It 's going to be an adjustment , but again , you got a guy to put that much pressure on defence , you know it 's going to make the game so much easier for me . So my job is the easy part . It 's just to finish those plays for him . ”
Anthony Davis led the Pelicans with 14 points and seven rebounds . DeMarcus Cousins scored 13 points and Ian Clark and Jrue Holiday each scored 11 .
——
WIZARDS 104 , KNICKS 100
John Wall scored 19 points , knocking down 9 of 14 shots in just under 24 minutes in Washington 's preseason home win . Kelly Oubre scored 14 points and Bradley Beal added 13 for the Wizards .
Enes Kanter , a centre New York acquired in the deal that sent Carmelo Anthony to Oklahoma City , led the Knicks with 16 points . He made 6 of 11 shots .
WASHINGTON : The Wizards shot 47 per cent as Beal and Wall combined to make 15 of 25 shots .
NEW YORK : Tim Hardaway Jr. scored 15 points , Courtney Lee scored 12 and Jarrett Jack added 11 . … Joakim Noah played just 12 minutes as a reserve . … The Knicks outrebounded the Wizards 46-36 .
UP NEXT : The Wizards ( 2-0 ) host the Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday . The Knicks ( 0-2 ) host the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday .
——–
CELTICS 110 , 76ERS 102
Kyrie Irving scored 21 points on 7-of-14 shooting as Boston won at Philadelphia . Irving also had three assists in just under 25 minutes . Terry Rozier scored 13 points and Aron Baynes added 12 for the Celtics .
Jerryd Bayless scored 15 points and J.J. Redick added 12 for the 76ers .
BOSTON : New addition Gordon Hayward scored nine points on 4-for-9 shooting . … Al Horford scored just seven points , but he had nine rebounds and two blocks in 19 minutes . … Marcus Smart scored 11 points on 4-for-6 shooting .
PHILADELPHIA : Ben Simmons did a little of everything . He finished with eight points , five assists and three rebounds in just under 23 minutes . … Rookie Markelle Fultz did not play because of shoulder soreness , and Joel Embiid sat out with a right knee injury .
UP NEXT : The 76ers ( 0-2 ) and the Celtics ( 2-0 ) square off again Monday in Boston .
——–
PACERS 106 , CAVALIERS 102
TJ Leaf scored 18 points , Domantas Sabonis added 17 and Indiana won at Cleveland as LeBron James missed his second straight preseason game . James hurt his ankle last week , but has been practicing . Dwyane Wade led Cleveland with 20 points and Jae Crowder added 17 .
INDIANA : Victor Oladipo , who was acquired in the deal that sent Paul George to Oklahoma City , scored 14 points on 6-for-12 shooting and had five assists .
CLEVELAND : Derrick Rose scored 15 points and Kevin Love added nine points , seven rebounds and five assists .
UP NEXT : The Pacers ( 2-0 ) play at Detroit on Monday . The Cavaliers ( 0-2 ) play at Washington on Sunday .
——–
PISTONS 109 , HAWKS 87
Avery Bradley scored 18 points , Tobias Harris added 17 and Detroit beat Atlanta in a home preseason game . Henry Ellenson added 16 points for the Pistons .
Malcolm Delaney scored 15 points and Taurean Prince and John Collins each added 10 for the Hawks .
DETROIT : The Pistons shot 48.9 per cent from the field . … Ish Smith scored 15 points , Anthony Tolliver scored 13 and Stanley Johnson added 10 .
ALTANTA : The Hawks shot just 36.5 per cent and were outrebounded 57-37 . … Only three players reached double figures .
UP NEXT : The Pistons ( 1-1 ) will host the Indiana Pacers on Monday . The Hawks ( 1-2 ) will host the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday .
——
BULLS 114 , BUCKS 101
Justin Holiday scored 21 points and Denzel Valentine , Nikola Mirotic and Bobby Portis each added 15 to help Chicago win a preseason home game . Giannis Antetokounmpo scored 24 points and Khris Middleton added 14 for Milwaukee .
CHICAGO : The Bulls bounced back from a 118-71 loss to Dallas on Wednesday . … Chicago got 12 points from Robin Lopez and 11 from Kris Dunn . … The Bulls shot 51.8 per cent from the field and made 17 of 34 3-pointers . … Portis had 10 rebounds and Mirotic had seven .
MILWAUKEE : Antetokounmpo was his usual dominant self . He made 7 of 10 field goals and 9 of 13 free throws . … Greg Monroe scored 10 points . … The Bucks made just 9 of 28 3-pointers and were outrebounded 42-36 .
UP NEXT : The Bulls ( 2-1 ) host the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday . The Bucks ( 0-3 ) host the Detroit Pistons on Friday .
——
More NBA basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball .
Barbara Lawlor , Nederland . The Nederland Middle Senior High School Winter Orchestra Concert was a brilliant mixture of traditional and modern pieces that spotlighted the talents of our school 's musicians .
The sixth grade orchestra , the middle level orchestra and the high school orchestra followed the fifth graders ' debut on the stage .
The Carol of the Bells and Greensleeves were performed perfectly by the high school orchestra , which is small but well tuned : Elenor Scott and Karen Sorokach on the violin ; Oliver Vernon on the Mandolin ; Sarie Lund on the Viola , Helen Cross and Alexandra Sorokach on the Cello and Karen Sorokach on the bass .
The Middle Level and high school combined orchestra presented a Boomwhacker Christmas which came as a surprise to the audience as well as the volunteers who took the risk of being involved in the number .
Eight members from the audience , including the NMSHS principal Carrie Yantzer , had the dubious privilege of playing the role of percussion instruments . Donning hardhats and cringing , they suffered the blows of styrofoam noodles carrying the rhythm of the tune .
It was an audience favorite as the volunteers ' facial expressions incited hilarity and cheers . This is a performance that should become a NMSHS tradition .
At the conclusion of the concert , the visiting fifth graders joined the other orchestras and all of the students delivered the splendid message : “ Joy to the World . ”
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
Pocket
LinkedIn
Email
Print
POTOMAC , Md . — Authorities say a teenager who deliberately jumped into the swift-flowing Potomac River near the nation 's capital has been rescued after a near-drowning in treacherous currents .
Montgomery County Fire and Rescue spokesman Pete Piringer told news outlets the Virginia teen entered the water Sunday near Great Falls National Park in Maryland and was carried about a mile ( 1.6 kilometres ) downstream , at times dragged under .
The spokesman says a Swift Water Rescue team found the teen clinging to rocks and in distress on the Virginia side of the river . The teen was hospitalized in serious condition , but Piringer says the injuries are n't life-threatening .
He says the teen is “ very lucky that he survived ” in deceptively strong , cold currents where many have drowned in past years .
Swimming is prohibited in the area .
CHICAGO — The Chicago White Sox have placed outfielder Avisail Garcia on the 10-day disabled list because of a strained right hamstring .
Garcia was hurt Monday night while running out a grounder in the second inning of a 10-4 victory over Seattle . He attempted to pull up a few steps short of first base then fell . He was assisted off the field and left the game .
White Sox manager Rick Renteria says the injury is considered “ mild to moderate ” and will be reassessed in a few days .
Garcia was an All-Star a year ago but is off to a sluggish start , hitting .233 with one homer and four RBIs in 18 games .
To take his roster spot , the White Sox called up outfielder Daniel Palka from Triple-A Charlotte . He 's hitting .286 with seven RBIs in 17 games .
Subtropical Storm Alberto is pictured nearing the Florida Panhandle in this May 27 , 2018 NASA handout photo . NASA/Handout via REUTERS
( Reuters ) - The center of tropical depression Alberto , which threatens heavy rainfall , is moving across west-central Indiana , with little-change in strength forecast during the next 36 hours , the U.S. National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) said on Wednesday .
The system will transition to an extratropical wave cyclone as the remnant circulation encounters an upper level trough moving east across the Great Lakes through Thursday , the Miami-based weather forecaster said .
Tropical depression Alberto is located about 70 miles ( 113 km ) south of South Bend , Indiana with maximum sustained winds of 30 miles per hour ( 45 kph ) , it said .
( Reporting by Vijaykumar Vedala and Sumita Layek in Bengaluru ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker )
LOS ANGELES — UCLA guard Jaylen Hands has withdrawn his name from the NBA draft and will return to school for his sophomore season .
Hands joins guard Kris Wilkes in deciding to forgo the pro ranks to play a second season in college .
Hands averaged 9.9 points , 4.0 rebounds and 2.6 assists for the Bruins last season . The San Diego native started 15 of 31 games in which he appeared .
Coach Steve Alford said Wednesday that Hands will be a vital part of the Bruins ' backcourt and he has room to grow and improve .
Hands said the pre-draft evaluations were helpful to him and he 's focused on improving his game .
The Bruins have lost guard Aaron Holiday , who is forgoing his senior year to enter the draft . He averaged a Pac-12-leading 20.3 points last season .
UCLA was 21-12 and lost in a First Four game to St. Bonaventure .
——
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25
General News of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : Starrfmonline.com
2017-10-06
President Akufo-Addo interacting with some of the farmers
Ghana 's President , Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo , says his life has been about having big dreams for the poor but his attempts to actualise those aspirations have been met with sharp criticisms every step of the way .
“ I have always been criticised in whatever I do in Ghana , ” he told a cheering crowd in Bolgatanga , the Upper East regional capital , when he began a two-day tour of the region with a durbar of traditional authorities . “ But that 's alright . I 'm comfortable with that . ”
He dropped the comments whilst justifying his appointment of Kweku Agyemang-Manu as the Minister for Health— a decision he flaunted as not only apt but also timely for a “ near-collapsed ” health insurance scheme he said was bequeathed to him by the Mahama Administration .
“ One of the great things that my former boss , John Agyekum Kufuor , did when he was that excellent president of our country was the National Health Insurance Scheme that he left to us . Unfortunately , in the hands of his [ successors ] that scheme fell into disrepair . When we came to office , it had almost collapsed and the ‘ cash and carry ' was coming back . The ‘ cash and carry ' was coming back because the scheme could no longer finance itself . I met a debt of 1.2 billion cedis on the NHIS .
“ Then , I decided how I was going to approach the matter . I said I wanted to have somebody in the Ministry of Health who knew figures , who was good with figures , an economist , an accountant , not a doctor or a professor of medicine . I was criticised again . In the space of 8 months , the man I appointed , Kweku Agyemang-Manu , brilliant economist and accountant , has been able , by virtue of judicious management of the resources and honest management of the resources at his disposal , to pay 560 million cedis out of the 1.2 billion cedis . And today , today , payments on the National Health Insurance Scheme are current . There are no longer any arrears being built up in the system . That is why the NHIS has begun to work again and it will continue like that , ” President Akufo-Addo stated .
I need your support to end smuggling – President
President Akufo-Addo heaped emphasis on the “ Planting for Food and Jobs Programme ” among the flagship initiatives introduced so far by his government , saying it was one of the surest ways of revolutionising agriculture in the country .
But he identified the menace of fertiliser smuggling , perpetuated mostly through unapproved routes into neighbouring West African states , as a threat to the country 's food security measures .
“ Eminent traditional rulers , all of us know in this world that whenever something good is happening , there will always be a few greedy evil people who would want to subvert the good things for their personal selfish gains . I refer to these people who are smuggling some of our fertiliser across the border to make money because the fertiliser in Ghana is now so cheap .
“ I need your help . I need the help of you and your community to keep an eye out and cooperate with the law enforcement agencies to stop the smuggling . And when you pick those who are responsible for fertiliser smuggling , we are going to have the law deal with them accordingly . It is important that we do n't allow a few people to spoil a good thing for the majority of us , ” he stressed .
Akufo-Addo visits dam projects Thursday
The President confirmed he intended to inspect the Tamne Irrigation Dam ( still under construction ) in the Garu-Tempane District and the Vea Irrigation Dam ( which needs rehabilitation ) on Thursday .
Work on the dams , according to him , is necessary in order to boost water supply for domestic use and for agricultural purposes among other benefits . He is also expected to inspect the ongoing Bolgatanga-Bawku-Pulmakon Road project Thursday .
“ I 'm inspecting them tomorrow . The Vea Dam is a poorly water-supplied dam . A decision is being taken . The Minister for Sanitation and Water Resources , fortunately for all of you in this region , is one of you . So , you can be sure that issues to do with water in the Upper East are going to be given the highest and most immediate attention , ” he said .
The President also inspected the ongoing expansion work at the Upper East Regional Hospital in Bolgatanga Wednesday night .
Martin Clunes and Caroline Catz return with a host of guest stars , including Sigourney Weaver , Caroline Quentin and new series star Art Malik
Martin Clunes plays mordant medic Doc Martin for the comedy drama 's eighth series on ITV .
Advertisement
After last year 's bumpy ride through marital therapy , the Ellingham family 's natural rhythm has resumed and we 're back in the sleepy Cornish village of Portwenn .
All the regular members of the cast are reprising their roles . Meet the whole gang , including the guest stars , below…
Martin Clunes as Dr Martin Ellingham
The grumpy GP with a fear of blood is back , and Clunes said his beloved character is “ as obstinate as ever , but he is trying his best to be a better husband and father ” .
Where do I recognise him from ?
Clunes played the laddish Gary Strang in all six series of the 90s sitcom Men Behaving Badly . Since then , his main gig has been Doc Martin – but he 's also set to star as a lead detective in upcoming ITV drama Manhunt , and as an MP in the ITV adaptation of Vanity Fair .
Caroline Catz as Louisa Ellingham
In the new series of Doc Martin , Louisa is facing a dilemma . She 's no longer enjoying her job as a headmistress and she desperately wants to spend more time with her baby son James Henry and husband Martin .
Where do I recognise her from ?
Advertisement
You might have seen Caroline Catz playing detective in DCI Banks and Murder in Suburbia , or as a policewoman in The Vice and The Bill .
BOSTON — Terry Rozier 's second act as an NBA starter was just as impressive as his first .
Rozier had a career-high 31 points and seven rebounds in his second career start , Jayson Tatum added a career-high 27 points and the short-handed Boston Celtics beat the Atlanta Hawks 119-110 on Friday night .
Rozier started in place of the injured Kyrie Irving . The third-year guard became the second player in league history with a triple-double in his first start , totalling 17 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists in Wednesday 's blowout of the Knicks .
“ Both ( starts had ) just the same feeling , ” Rozier said . “ Just wanting to come out aggressive , do what I can on the offensive and defensive end . My teammates made it so easy for me because they play so hard . We just play hard collectively as a group . ”
Irving missed his second straight game with a right quad contusion that he suffered in Monday 's win at Denver and was one of four Boston players who sat with injuries on Friday .
Rozier will soon have to yield his starting backcourt spot to Irving — and he 's fine with that .
“ Kyrie 's probably one of my biggest supporters , outside of my family , through this little process , ” Rozier said . “ I know he 's happy for me , and when he comes back we 're just going to pick it up . ”
Jaylen Brown scored 19 points and Al Horford had 17 with seven assists to help lead Boston to its fourth win in five tries .
Taruean Prince had a career-high 31 points and eight rebounds to lead the Hawks , who have lost five of six . Dennis Schroder added 25 points and Marco Belinelli had 15 .
Trailing 55-53 at halftime , Boston opened a 19-point lead heading into the fourth quarter after outscoring Atlanta 41-20 in the third .
“ They got off to a quick start ( in the third ) , ” Prince said . “ We kind of lagged defensively . I can blame myself for that one . … They were hitting a lot of good shots , too . ”
Rozier passed his previous career best of 23 points on a pair of free throws with 1:10 remaining in the third . He eclipsed 30 points with a 3-pointer at 6:10 of the final period . Irving is the only other Celtics player with a 30-point game this season .
Schroder 's jumper with 7:19 left brought the Hawks within 10 at 103-93 , but Atlanta would n't come any closer until the final minute with the game out of reach .
Atlanta led 32-26 after one quarter .
“ Pretty good ( first ) half of basketball , ” Hawks coach Mike Budenholzer said . “ It felt like we could have had more of a cushion . Six- to eight-point lead , and it 's two at the half . Just a huge third quarter for them . ”
BLEEDING GREEN
Only 10 players suited up for Boston as Irving , F Marcus Morris ( bruised left hip ) , Gs Shane Larkin ( right knee soreness ) and Marcus Smart ( right hand laceration ) were sidelined with injuries .
“ It speaks a lot ( about ) the guys here , ” Horford said .
PRINCE ASCENDS
Prince was named as an injury replacement for Milwaukee 's Malcolm Brogdon in the Rising Stars game during All-Star Weekend . Prince will join Hawks rookie forward John Collins on the U.S. team roster .
“ Kind of excited , kind of relieved because I felt like I did enough work this summer to be able to be in the game from the jump , but God has his own route , ” said Prince , who is Atlanta 's third-leading scorer , averaging 12.3 points per game . “ That 's the reason I had a little fire to me tonight . ”
GREG WHO ?
The Celtics have not announced their reported signing of recently bought-out C Greg Monroe , but that did n't stop Morris from weighing in on the potential addition .
“ I think that 's a great pick-up for us , ” Morris said . “ Veteran player , knows how to play the game , been around the league for a while , so I think he 'd be an add to our size down low , ( our ) scoring ability . ”
TIP-INS
Hawks : Schroder played after being listed as questionable with a right shoulder strain . … F DeAndre ' Bembry ( left adductor strain ) missed his 20th straight game .
Celtics : All five Boston starters scored in double figures for the first time Dec. 23 . … Coach Brad Stevens said Irving is feeling “ a little bit better ” and is considered day-to-day . … Morris said he will be questionable to play Sunday . … Smart will likely miss an additional 10 to 14 days , Stevens said .
UP NEXT
Hawks : Complete a two-game trip Sunday against the Knicks .
Celtics : Host Portland on Sunday to wrap up a three-game homestand .
——
More NBA basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
A new multi-million pound programme aims to create more than 6,000 new jobs and boost the number of ‘ scaleup ' businesses in the region by 50 per cent by 2024 .
Expressions of interest are now open for Scaleup North East , which is being delivered by Sunderland 's RTC North as an integral part of the North East Growth Hub .
Scaleup North East will create and sustain more scaleup businesses and has the potential to make a truly transformational impact on the North East economy . Colin Bell
A ‘ scaleup ' is defined as a business with average annual growth in employees or turnover greater than 20 per cent each year over a three year period .
Businesses involved in the new programme will be matched with an experienced ‘ Scaleup Partner ' to work with them throughout their journey to support and inspire them to achieve their growth goals .
Colin Bell , Business Growth Director at the North East Local Enterprise Partnership , said : “ Scaleup North East is an incredibly exciting programme that is aimed at businesses that want to scale , become more profitable and employ more people .
“ This is something totally new . It 's a real step-change for the region that will help us meet our goal of creating more and better jobs and opportunities , as set out in our Strategic Economic Plan .
“ Scaleup North East will create and sustain more scaleup businesses and has the potential to make a truly transformational impact on the North East economy . ”
RTC North chief executive Andrew Buckley said : “ We are looking forward not only to working with the region 's existing scale up businesses , helping them to overcome any barriers to continued growth , but also to identifying and nurturing the next generation of scale up businesses . ”
To join Scaleup North East , businesses must be based in the North East LEP area ; be a registered company and have been trading for more than three years ; have at least of five and fewer than 250 employees ; have an annual turnover of more than £500,000 and less than £50million , and operate in an eligible sector .
Any interested businesses are being asked to sign up to attend the launch event on January 26 at https : //www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/scaleup-north-east-launch-tickets-39730349545 .
HONOLULU — The Latest on Hawaii 's attorney general becoming lieutenant governor ( all times local ) :
10 a.m .
The man who led Hawaii 's fight against the Trump administration 's travel ban is now the state 's second highest office holder .
Doug Chin 's spokesman Dylan Beesley says Chin signed the oath of office to become lieutenant governor at 7 a.m. Friday .
The former state attorney general succeeds Shan Tsutsui , who resigned Wednesday to take a job with a lobbying firm and spend more time with his family on Maui .
Chin was third in line for the job , after the Senate president and House speaker . Both declined the post .
Chin will continue campaigning for Congress while serving as lieutenant governor . He had already planned to step down as attorney general in March to focus on the campaign .
He aims to replace U.S. Rep. Colleen Hanabusa , who is challenging Gov . David Ige in the Democratic gubernatorial primary .
Ige named Russell Suzuki acting attorney general until he finds a permanent replacement for Chin .
——
6:45 a.m .
Hawaii Attorney General Doug Chin , who led the state 's legal opposition to the Trump administration 's travel ban , will have a new job in state government .
Chin announced Friday he will accept the position of lieutenant governor , replacing Shan Tsutsui , who resigned this week .
Hawaii 's attorney general is third in line of succession to become lieutenant governor in case of a vacancy , behind the Senate president and House speaker . Both legislators declined the lieutenant governor 's post this week .
Chin had already announced he was resigning as attorney general in March to focus on a run for the U.S. House seat being vacated by U.S. Rep. Colleen Hanabusa . She is challenging Gov . David Ige in the Democratic gubernatorial primary .
Chin , also a Democrat , says he will continue to campaign for Congress .
Where the leaders of Ontario 's main political parties are campaigning on Thursday , May 31 :
———
Liberal Leader Kathleen Wynne
10:10 a.m. — Makes an announcement , Mouvement d'implication francophone d'Orleans , 6600 Carriere St. , Orleans , Ont .
JAMB orders 62,140 candidates to rewrite UMTE on July 1
No fewer than 62,140 candidates have been ordered by the Joint Examination and Matriculation Board , JAMB , to re-sit for the 2017 Unified Tertiary matriculation Examination ( UTME ) . JAMB Registrar , Ishaq Oloyede , at a press briefing after a management meeting in Abuja on Wednesday , said the rescheduled exams will hold July 1 . The board also suspended 24 [ … ]
JAMB orders 62,140 candidates to rewrite UMTE on July 1
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MOSCOW ( The Borowitz Report ) —Russian President Vladimir Putin is “ starting to get concerned ” that the puppets he installed in the executive branch of the U.S. government “ might not be up to the task at hand , ” sources confirmed on Tuesday .
According to the sources , the flame-out of the national-security adviser Michael Flynn was only the most recent event that has caused Putin to wonder if the figureheads he propelled into office are “ just too dim-witted ” to serve the goals of the Russian Federation .
“ When you choose a puppet , you 're looking for a sweet spot , ” one source close to Putin said . “ You want to choose someone who 's dumb enough to be manipulated , but not so dumb that he ca n't find the light switches . ”
“ Increasingly , it looks like we missed that sweet spot , ” the source said .
Putin is reportedly willing to have a “ wait and see ” attitude with his current puppets , but , if things do not improve markedly , he will not hesitate to “ make some changes , ” the source said .
“ President Putin knew that this bunch did n't have a lot of experience in government and that there were bound to be some growing pains , ” the source said . “ But geez . ”
Your response to our toy appeal so far has been amazing and with the countdown to the big day now in earnest we are hoping you will continue to answer our plea .
One person who has truly gone the extra mile is grandmother Rose Blake .
A selection of the dolls which Rose has collected and dressed .
Keen knitter Rose , from Hetton , has supported the Echo Toy Appeal for the past 15 years .
Rose loves to knit clothes for dolls and this year has again collected and dressed more than 40 , which she hopes will delight a little one on Christmas morning .
She has been busy knitting for months and each of the 40 dolls is dressed in a different outfit .
She said : “ As long as they go to the children I 'm very happy .
“ I get a lot of pleasure from knitting and enjoy making the outfits to help the appeal .
“ Over the years I must have collected and dressed almost 500 dolls . ”
The Echo Toy Appeal has teamed up with Wearside charity Hope 4 Kidz and with only 14 days to go until the big day , we are hoping you will dig deep and include one extra gift in your shopping .
Every gift , no matter how small is appreciated and much needed , but we do ask that they are all new and should not be wrapped .
Gifts are needed for all age groups – from babies to young people , mums and dads to older members of our society .
Your gifts can be left at one our designated drop off points : Tesco in The Bridges ; Morrisons , Seaburn ; Morrisons , Doxford Park ; Sainsbury 's , Wessington Way ; Sainsbury 's , Silksworth ; Sainsbury 's , Washington , Sainsbury 's , Fulwell ; Virgin Money , Fawcett Street , Virgin Money , The Bridges ; Hays Travel , Holmside ; Santander , Wilkinsons and the Nationwide in Market Square .
The last day for donations is Monday , December 18 .
Watch Neill Blomkamp 's Far Out New Sci-Fi Short About Alien Invasion Here [ Video ]
We 've been keeping an eye on the mysterious new Neill Blomkamp project for a while now , and finally the wait is over .
Yesterday the first film from Oats Studio went live , called Rakka , and it 's all about the aftermath of an alien invasion .
Naturally it 's not your standard short film , because Neill does n't do much by the book , but here 's The Verge with more info :
The year is 2020 , and aliens have enslaved humanity , and altering the Earth 's atmosphere . But Rakka is n't a conventional short film . Instead , it 's a series of scenes depicting various points of view . Some scenes show what the aliens are doing to humanity ; others track a resistance movement led by Sigourney Weaver , and an escaped prisoner named Amir . Later , in a climactic battle , resistance fighters shoot down an alien aircraft and track down its pilot .
22 minutes of staring at your screen whilst looking busy – it 's fake Friday , treat yourself :
[ source : theverge ]
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Pope says terrorism casts bloodstain over world , condemns Istanbul attack
Pope Francis has urged leaders to work together to fight the “ plague of terrorism ” , saying in his New Year address on Sunday that a bloodstain was covering the world as it started 2017 . Speaking to some 50,000 people in St. Peter 's Square for his traditional noon address , Francis departed from his prepared text to condemn…
The post Pope says terrorism casts bloodstain over world , condemns Istanbul attack appeared first on The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CLOSE CALL : The aftermath of a near-miss accident in the Aldi Gympie carpark , which one resident said was caused by illegal parking .
CLOSE CALL : The aftermath of a near-miss accident in the Aldi Gympie carpark , which one resident said was caused by illegal parking . Contributed
BETTER parking will soon be available at Aldi Gympie , with the company to expand the carpark amid safety concerns , including one serious near-miss .
On a trip to the shop last October , resident Scott Cowell said there had been a close call when an elderly gentleman on a motorised scooter narrowly missed colliding with a delivery truck .
`` He was n't noticed , '' Mr Cowell said .
`` Everybody screeched to a halt when they saw him at the last moment . ''
With a background in health and safety and concerned , Mr Cowell had been taking a photo of cars which were parked illegally when the incident happened .
`` Parking against the road traffic signs occurs every day of the week without fail , '' he said .
`` It 's become standard practice . ''
He instead snapped a shot of the aftermath , but his attempts to have the problem addressed left him dissatisfied .
He reported it to Aldi staff right away but said it was called `` my problem '' , while the police told him it was not their jurisdiction .
He even asked Gympie Regional Council if they could clarify whose responsibility it was .
`` I 've chased this down more avenues than most people would , '' Mr Cowell said .
`` I have n't been able to get anybody to listen to me .
He said the contacted The Gympie Times as a last resort effort to have the problem addressed .
In a statement , an Aldi Australia spokeswoman said the company took customer safety seriously .
`` The number of customers visiting our Gympie store has grown considerably in recent years , which has put pressure on parking , '' she said .
Off their own observations and customer feedback , she said plans were now under way to improve the carpark and had been approved by the council .
Work is expected to start later this year .
`` There will also be a number of additional upgrades to the carpark as part of Aldi Gympie 's refurbishment this month , '' she said .
This will include bollards in `` no parking '' areas , and a one-way system in one section .
Mr Cowell said upgrades which reduced risks would be welcome , but it should not be an excuse to shirk responsibilities .
`` All risks need to be controlled , '' he said .
`` That 's the bottom line . ''
MANASSAS , Va. — The National Park Service has reached agreement with a non-profit veterans ' organization allowing it take cremated remains left at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial and bury them will full military honours .
A park service statement says the Missing in America Project will take possession of dozens of sets of cremains left at the memorial through the years and any future cremains left . They will be inurned in an in-ground vault at a cemetery in Manassas , Virginia , a capital suburb .
The Washington Post reported Wednesday the remains had been kept in a locked cabinet at the park service 's large Museum Resource Center in Maryland . No date for the transfer or burial has been set .
Last year , the park service placed signs at the memorial asking people not to leave human remains .
Josh Folck | For lehighvalleylive.com
As the high school football season approaches , let 's see who are some of the best running backs entering this fall . We decided to rank the top 13 local running backs entering the 2017 season . The point of this preseason list is to generate discussion and highlight standout performances . It could , of course , be registered moot if a few first-year starters break out this fall . Until then , however , scroll through the slideshow below to see the area 's top returning RBs and their video highlights .
Saraki Announces Soft-Launch of # MadeInNigeria Challenge
Senate President , Dr. Abubakar Bukola Saraki on Monday announced the soft-launch of the # MadeInNigeria Challenge .
According to a statement published on his official Facebook page , the campaign is organised to showcase everyday products that are used by Nigerians and produced by Nigerians locally that serves as an alternative to imported products .
“ Today , as promised , we kick-start the soft launch of the # MadeInNigeria Challenge .
“ This campaign is organised to showcase everyday products that are used by Nigerians and produced by Nigerians locally that serves as an alternative to imported products . The next few weeks , we hope to identify products and ideas that can be matched with investors and government agencies .
“ To wrap up the Challenge , in March , we will be inviting some of the finalist to a Made In Nigeria Roundtable at the Senate . This Roundtable will allow us , legislators , Government Agencies , business owners , and everyday Nigerian consumers to review and update the report of NASSBER , the National Assembly Business Environment Roundtable , which was held in 2016 to improve the ease of doing business in the country .
“ As part of Senate 's oversight of government agencies , we will also use the opportunity to get feed back on the Public Procurement Act passed by Senate in 2016 which mandates government agencies to give preference to local manufacturers in Procurement of goods and services . “ Good luck to all the participants . Be sure to use the hashtag # MadeInNigeria in all your submitted videos ” , the statement said .
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @ thesignalng
Copyright 2015 SIGNAL . Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources .
The post Saraki Announces Soft-Launch of # MadeInNigeria Challenge appeared first on SIGNAL .
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It 's a mere nine minutes into BBC 's new Sunday night drama Apple Tree Yard , and two perfect strangers are bonking in the crypt of the House of Commons . Sherlock , it is not . When you consider that the pair in question meet around four minutes before they tear each other 's clothes off , it 's clear that this new psycho-erotic thriller will be reeling in viewers for a bit of mid-winter scandal .
Apple Tree Yard is an adaptation of Louise Doughty 's best-selling novel , starring Emily Watson and Ben Chaplin as two unknowns who enter into a wild and impulsive affair that ultimately rips their lives apart . The book itself is excellent , and Doughty 's story will serve as a strong backbone for the series – even if it does teeter a little into the well-trod territory of Fifty Shades of Grey .
Emily Watson , who recently told Radio Times how great it feels to be playing a female character with sexual desire at 50 , has the role of the curious , sensual , yet fragile woman down to a fine art . She knows exactly how to portray a person who spirals into obsessive relationships , and she has perfected the look of a woman who has drifted out of her own body and is looking on in horror at her own actions . Watson won a Bafta for doing a similar thing in Appropriate Adult , where her character became infatuated with a serial killer , and she triumphs again in Apple Tree Yard as Yvonne Carmichael , the not-so-civilised scientist .
`` Have you seen the crypt ? ''
Yvonne is married to Gary . Safe , boring Gary who snores and only seems to talk about Tesco deliveries and nose drops . Or so we think . Played by Scottish actor Mark Bonnar – who was corrupt Chief Constable Dryden in Line of Duty and the filthy-mouthed Chris in Catastrophe – Gary is not as benign as we were led to believe . Gary , it turns out , is a bit of a philanderer himself .
Then there is the third element of the lust triangle – Mark Costley . “ Sex with you is like being eaten by a wolf , ” Yvonne says . And she 's right , Ben Chaplin is wolfish : hard eyes , pointed face , and he does n't so much as speak , he growls . His character is determinedly anonymous – he wears a ring but we do n't hear anything about a spouse , he works for the civil service but we do n't know in what respect . “ You do n't look like a civil servant , ” Yvonne says . Correct , again . He keeps her guessing , and therein lies the attraction .
At various points , Yvonne has moments of self-doubt and her moral compass does at least try to sputter into life , but then her quiet rage at Gary and his infidelities propels her back into the arms of the wolf , and by the end of one scintillating hour they are in the throes of a full-on affair .
Gary , too , has been up to no good
The key characteristic of said affair is the Doing of the Sex in Public . A street in Westminster by the name of Apple Tree Yard is one such public space . It is when these romps are happening – not to mention the clumsy sexting – that the show gets a bit Fifty Shades . But you forgive them for it , because it 's so refreshing to have middle-aged female characters with a sex-drive on TV . The reason Doughty 's book was the best seller is because it aroused the imagination of every sensible , suburban reader and made them think : “ What if ? ”
And , unlike Fifty Shades , it 's certainly not guilty of frivolity . It 's the dark undertones in this drama that make it worth watching . Mark says things to Yvonne like : “ Text me later , even if you 've been drinking , ” and then after a pause , “ Especially if you 've been drinking. ” It 's not sexy – it 's uncomfortable . The episode slams to a finish with a scene of shocking malice , and it 's only a sign of more darkness and discomfort to come .
iStockphoto
Christmas can be a trying time for those looking to buy gifts for their favorite Apple enthusiast . If you do n't have the cash on hand to drop $ 1,000 or more on the newly-released iPhone X , or any one of the company 's equally-pricey laptops , not to worry — there are still plenty of affordable options out there . From computer ports to power adaptors to simple cases and accessories , there are plenty of third-party options when shopping for the Apple-holic on your Christmas list . And you can do it without breaking the bank .
OWS Port
Newer Galaxy
As Apple continues to move away from USB ports ( the latest MacBook Pro only comes with Thunderbolt ports ) , it becomes a necessity to carry around enough adaptors for standard USB ports — at least until all the rest of the tech starts playing catch up . But rather than juggle a handful of dongles , the OWS Port Thunderbolt 3 Dock is the best all-in-one adaptor on the market right now . It comes with five ( ! ) USB ports , an ethernet port , a mini display port , and even a standard headphone jack , among a few others . Not to mention it matches Apple 's signature space-gray color , so it looks like a natural extension of a MacBook .
Buy It Here for $ 299
PlugBug
Twelve South
For those who do n't need an abundance of USB ports to augment their laptop , sometimes having a place to charge an iPhone is still a necessity . The PlugBug slips right onto any Macbook 's power pack , giving it an extra USB port to charge an iPhone — or iPad , Apple Watch , portable battery , any USB device , really . Along with the fact that it comes with five international plug adaptors , it 's the perfect gift for the world traveler who never goes anywhere without their MacBook .
Buy It Here for $ 34.43
Gooseneck Stand
Mingo
If anyone has ever wanted to relax in bed while watching Netflix without actually putting a TV in their bedroom ( or if they 're just really into Wall-E cosplay ) , then the Mingo gooseneck iPad stand is here to solve that problem . It has a 27-inch bendable arm , a clamp so you can put it just about anywhere , and it will hold an iPhone or iPad comfortably . There 's even a special vent attachment if you want to keep the binge-a-thon going while on the road . Assuming someone else is driving , of course .
Buy It Here for $ 49.99
AirPod Strap
Spigen
For those who 've made the switch from standard earbuds to wireless AirPods , they might have noticed they come with an unrelenting fear of being lost . Luckily , several third-party companies have come to alleviate these fears by offering straps that fasten to the AirPods while they 're in use . Spigen , who as we reported last year , had their strap for sale online before the AirPods even hit the market . Now , there are dozens to choose from , and while it does kind of defeat the purpose of wireless earbuds , if anyone 's worried about losing one and having to pony up $ 69 for a replacement , a few bucks for a strap can buy a lot of pieces of mind .
Buy It Here for $ 9.99
PodPockets
PodPockets
Speaking of AirPods , they come in a case that 's about the size of a travel-sized packet of floss , meaning it could be prone to disappearing somewhere deep within a backpack , purse , oversized pocket , or between two couch cushions . PodPockets are a silicone shell that goes around the AirPod case , giving it not only a bit of protection , but since comes with a keyring , much harder to lose track of . Unless it 's going to someone who constantly loses their keys , in which case , they 're on their own .
Buy It Here for $ 19.95
The Uncourage
Uncourage
Finally , the Apple fans using an iPhone 7 , 8 , or X ( who are n't yet onboard with the wireless AirPods ) are stuck using the standard-issue lightning-connected earbuds . Or , if they 've got a favorite pair of wired headphones , they can use the dongle that 's come included since the iPhone 7 launched last fall . Which , of course , begs the question : how do you keep track of a tiny little 3-inch piece of wire and not have it get lost , or stuffed away in that drawer crammed full of worn down , outdated charging cables from iPhones ' past ?
That 's where the Uncourage comes in . This handy little hunk of metal is shaped like an earphone jack and fits on a keyring , so all your loved one has to do is attach the dongle and they 'll always know where it is . That is unless they 're prone to losing their keys . Which , again , means they 're on their own .
Buy It Here for $ 6.99
Or you could always get them a Tile to help them keep track of them .
PARRY SOUND-MUSKOKA — The Parry Sound-Muskoka NDP riding association plans to unveil its provincial candidate in May .
Diana McConnell , riding association president , said the association recently held its first annual general meeting in almost two years and was now in full provincial election mode — which included vetting its candidate for the Parry Sound-Muskoka election ballot .
“ We 're planning to have a nomination meeting May 12 , ” said McConnell . “ We will have a candidate . ”
The location of the nomination meeting was unknown at the time of publication .
BBNaija 2018 : Why I sided with Cee-c over Tobi – Vandora
Ex Big Brother Naija housemate , Vandora has explained why she celebrated Tobi 's eviction during the grand finale of the reality TV show . Some fans on social media had on Monday attacked the former housemate for celebrating Tobi 's eviction and supporting Cee-c . However , Vandora , in a post on Instagram , said she disliked Tobi for saying things [ … ]
BBNaija 2018 : Why I sided with Cee-c over Tobi – Vandora
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
University Of Nigeria Nsukka 2017/2018 Postgraduate Admission Form On Sale .
This is to inform the general public that the University of Nigeria Nsukka are inviting application from suitably qualified candidates for admission into full-time , part-time and sandwich postgraduate programmes in various Faculties , Institutes and Centres for the 2017/2018 academic year . ELIGIBILITY : Candidates on full-time employment are not eligible to apply for full-time studies . UNN POSTGRADUATE ADMISSION …
The post University Of Nigeria Nsukka 2017/2018 Postgraduate Admission Form On Sale . appeared first on Students Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FRENCHTOWN - More than 62 people turned out for the Frenchtown Borough Park Campout earlier this month in the first of a series of planned fundraising efforts for park renovations .
`` I knew this would be a perfect way to kick off our fundraising efforts because Frenchtowners love to come together in support of the things that are most important to this community - and this park is a huge part of who we are ; we all want to see it be the best it can be , '' said Frenchtown Councilwoman Caroline Scutt , who spearheaded the campout .
`` There were a lot of people who have never camped before , '' said Frenchtown Councilwoman Holly Low , who heads the park committee and co-organized the event .
The $ 250,0000 park update will include new equipment , hiking trails , new signage and a zip line , one of the suggestions submitted by Frenchtown School Student Council which surveyed the entire student body to get ideas for new play equipment .
`` We had a great community process to get ideas for the park renovations , '' said Low . `` About 20 residents participated in meetings and gave feedback . We 're going to save some of our favorite vintage pieces that are safe , and bring in some exciting new pieces that the students asked for in their surveys . ''
Julia Burchill , 11 , of Frenchtown , said she came up with a zip line after being at other parks that had them . `` It 's really really good being involved in designing the park equipment . I love the park so it 's been fun to make it new again , '' she said .
Camper Yolanda Smith , 11 , of Newark , said she ca n't wait for it to be installed .
`` You 're just gliding over the air , '' said Yolanda , who has ridden zip lines at other parks . `` I like that part . ''
Campers pitched tents , toasted marshmallows , made s'mores and watched the film The Princess Bride during the event that took part from late Saturday afternoon on Aug. 5 until Sunday morning .
Low said the campout brought out a half-dozen resident volunteers and groups such as the Frenchtown Presbyterian Church 's Family Service Outreach , whose volunteers did face painting and voter registration on Saturday evening . Members of the Frenchtown Community Garden donated food made from crops grown in the borough .
`` There 's all these neat community groups that got involved in this , '' said Low .
The campout is the kick off to more fundraising efforts to support the park renovation . Later this month , borough council is expected to approve an online fundraising drive that will accept donations via credit cards .
Until then , anyone who would like to support the renovation can send a check made out to Borough of Frenchtown to Borough Hall , 29 Second Street , Frenchtown , NJ 08825 . Note on the check it 's a donation for the park .
`` We were fortunate to receive a matching grant from the Fargo Family Foundation , '' emphasized Low , `` so we are asking all lovers of Frenchtown Borough Park to please make a donation soon to ensure we secure this grant . ''
Ambode Promises Upgrade Of Badagry Demonstration Farm
…Project To Boost State Agro Tourism , Food Security Drive Lagos State Governor , Mr Akinwunmi Ambode at the weekend expressed the readiness of his administration to upgrade the Songhai Model Farm in Avia-Igborosun , Badagry , with a pledge to transform the project and use it to boost the Agro Tourism and food security drive of the State Government . The project , which is sitting on a massive 167 hectares of land with additional available land for other projects , was copied from Songhai in Republic of Benin under the Agric-Yes initiative of the Lagos State Ministry of Agriculture .
This post was syndicated from The NEWS . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TAMPA , Fla. ( WFLA ) – Thousands of collegiate football fans will pack Raymond James Stadium Monday afternoon for the 31st Annual Outback Bowl .
Getting the field ready for the game between the University of Florida and the University of Iowa was quite the task . Shortly after Sunday 's NFL game between Tampa Bay and Carolina ended , more than 100 people worked diligently to get the grounds in tip-top shape for Monday 's 1pm kickoff – and they are n't done yet .
Before fans can pack the stands , a lot of work has to be done at the stadium .
“ It 'll be a very long night , ” explained Wayne Ward , turf manager for the game . “ [ I ] probably wo n't get to bed tonight . ”
As soon as the final gun sounded in the Bucs , 17-16 , victory over the Panthers , everything NFL and Buccaneers was replaced by images of Gators and Hawkeyes . The hardest part is getting the playing surface up to specifications .
“ All of that grass comes out that we 've been growing at the farm for that particular reason , ” Ward said of the process . “ Then everything else on the field has to get painted . ”
It will cost in excess of $ 50,000 for Ward and his staff to get the turf just right . But that is just part of the transformation process .
“ We have to have a police escort to bring the sod in , ” Ward says .
Why does the special turf get such special treatment ? For the Outback Bowl officials one of the biggest collegiate football games of the year should get nothing less .
“ We 're in that New Year 's day line up with the Rose Bowl the Sugar Bowl , the Cotton Bowl and the Outback Bowl , ” says Mike Schulze , the Outback Bowl 's director of communications and sponsorships . “ People from 40 different states bought tickets to this game and the Tampa economy is bound to feel that . ”
In the three-plus decades the game has called Tampa home , it 's brought in over a billion dollars to the local economy . If you still want to attend there are plenty of good seats still available .
Nigerian Army 's own panel clears it of wrongdoings in treatment of IPOB , Boko Haram members
On the allegation of war crimes against some senior officers , the board found nothing incriminating against them .
The post Nigerian Army 's own panel clears it of wrongdoings in treatment of IPOB , Boko Haram members appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ex-Chelsea striker Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has risked the wrath of Liverpool 's vociferous social media following by tweeting his support for attacking midfielder Philippe Coutinho .
Although he expressed his sympathy for the Reds , the former Netherlands international indicated he could understand Coutinho 's desire to leave the Anfield to join a “ big club ” .
Hasselbaink wrote : “ I have a great deal of sympathy for # LFC over Phillippe Coutinho . It 's not that I think he is unhappy but when a big club come calling ? ”
Coutinho submitted a transfer request last week after Liverpool rejected a £90.3m bid for him from Barcelona and issued a statement saying he would not be sold during the current transfer window .
Not that long ago , a Hemi owner packing 485 hp had little to worry about on the street . The power output of the 6.4L ( 392-inch ) Hemi bested all the normally aspirated offerings from both Ford and Chevy . With the greatest displacement came an abundance of torque , so the owner of a Hemi-powered Challenger could hold his ( or her ) head high when talk turned to performance . After all , they already had the best-looking modern muscle cars ! Time and technology marched on , and though plenty potent , the normally aspirated variants offered by the Big Three were soon displaced by their boosted big brothers . Ford offered the Shelby , GM the LS9s and LT4s , and Dodge jumped in with the impressive Hellcat versions , then upped the ante with the new Demon . Suddenly , the 485-hp 6.4L seemed a tad inadequate . The question now is : in a world of 600hp , 700hp , and now 800hp production muscle cars , what is a run-of-the-mill Hemi owner to do ?
The answer to this is the same one that solves every performance problem—just add boost ! The new Hellcat and Demon are proof positive that Chevy and Ford do n't have a monopoly on factory forced induction , and the modern Hemi is every bit the boost-loving machine when properly applied . To illustrate the benefits of boost , we followed along while the gang at Kenne Bell installed their emissions-legal supercharger kit on a 2016 6.4L Challenger . Kenne Bell was quick to point out they also offer a number of kits for other 2008-2017 Dodge vehicles equipped with 5.7L , 6.1L and 6.4L Hemis . They also noted that the increased static compression , combined with the sophisticated knock-sensor calibration utilized in the latest 6.4L , required a slight drop in boost compared with the previous 6.1Ls .
Applied to the 6.4L , the kit encompasses a 2.8L twin-screw supercharger , high-density , air-to-water intercooler , and Mammoth intake manifold . Also included are a 4.5-inch ( true ) cold-air intake system , a new set of injectors , and Kenne Bell Boost-a-Pump . The key to the success of the supercharged Hemi is a dedicated ( reflash ) tune , the result of endless hours of research and development .
Before getting to the results , a review of the components is in order , if for no other reason than to illustrate the potential of these parts . The crown of the system is obviously the highly efficient twin-screw supercharger itself . The standard kit offers a 2.8L unit ( available satin or polished ) that features an industry-leading 4×6 rotor pack ; less-restrictive , rear-feed induction ; and patented Liquid Cooling . Not to be confused with intercooling , which the Kenne Bell kit also employs , Liquid Cooling refers to the introduction of a cooling medium to the hot side of the blower in order to equalize the temperature of the case . Case distortion is a function of temperature , and on any blower featuring internal compression , there will be a temperature differential between the cool inlet , and the heated discharge sides of the blower . Liquid Cooling was designed to minimize this effect . As a bonus , it helps keep the front gear case oil cool , and increases bearing-seal life . Though Kenne Bell offers larger superchargers ( displacing up to 4.7 liters ) , the 2.8L is sized perfectly for the application and capable of supporting more than 1,000 hp . The standard 2.8 is also larger in displacement than the factory blowers employed on the both the Hellcat and Demon !
Mention the phrase inlet restriction to the guys at Kenne Bell , and watch them cringe . No supercharger , even an efficient twin-screw , can realize its flow and power potential if choked off by restrictions in the intake system . In this case , the intake system includes everything in front of the supercharger , including the manifold , throttle-body , and air-intake assembly . Recognizing the inherent restrictions that limit power potential , the gang at Kenne Bell designed an intake system capable of feeding their 1,000-plus hp superchargers . The Hemi Challenger kit includes a dedicated Mammoth intake manifold , 4.5-inch cold-air inlet . The kit was designed to accept the factory 81mm Hemi throttle-body , but swapping out the adapter plate allows installation of an even larger , 148 mm drive-by-wire throttle-body upgrade . The simple fact that a bigger throttle-body exists meant we had to test it , right ? While the standard 6.4L kit features a blower pulley that produces a peak of 6.5 psi , we liked the fact that the rest of the components were ready and willing to pump out up to 1,000 .
According to Kenne Bell , reduced parasitic losses associated with driving the twin-screw blower allows the use of a six-rib , serpentine drive belt for the blowers and factory accessories . This same drive system has been run successfully on 9-second , supercharged stroker applications exceeding 800 hp at the wheels .
Obviously , the stock Hemi fuel system is not up to the task of feeding the additional power , so the Kenne Bell kit includes a set of 50-pound injectors . The factory fuel pump was then augmented with Kenne Bell 's 17-volt , Boost-a-Pump to supply the necessary fuel flow . According to specs , this combo will support a bit more than 700 hp at the wheels , while larger injectors and a 20-volt Boost-a-Pump can increase the power potential to roughly 775 hp at the wheels . If you want more , you will have to step up to additional fuel-system upgrades .
Naturally , we baselined the Challenger prior to installation of the blower , and in stock trim , the six-speed 6.4L produced 434 hp at the wheels . Now it was time for boost . With the supercharger and accompanying components installed , the Challenger was back up on the dyno and ready to roll . After flashing the new program , the Hemi fired immediately , and we were back in business- the business of boost , that is ! As good as the Hemi Challenger sounded in stock trim , the supercharged version sounded even meaner . After the warm-up , we ripped into the throttle and were immediately rewarded with a jump in power to 550 hp at the wheels . Even limited to just 6.5 psi , the Kenne Bell supercharger improved the power output of the Challenger by 122 hp , but we were just getting started . More power was simply a pulley swap away , and each additional pound of boost brought a hefty chunk of power . Running 7.5 psi brought 576 hp , which jumped to 615 hp at 9 psi , then to 667 hp at 11 psi . The final step was to replace the 81mm throttle-body with the 148 mm unit , which pushed the peak numbers up to 708 hp . Naturally , we performed the fuel-system upgrade ( and mixed in some race fuel ) in anticipation of the elevated boost levels on our test mule . It was amazing how easy adding all the power was .
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
TAIPEI ( Taiwan News ) – A century of authoritarianism with rising nationalism and an emphasis on central control will eventually lead to a power struggle for the succession which will destroy China , former Taiwan News editor-in-chief Rex Wang ( 王世榕 ) writes in his book “ China Will Collapse in 2031 . ”
In his work , the former Taiwanese envoy to Switzerland relates how China now relies on “ debt imperialism ” to expand its power and influence over other countries . After Wang 's book was published , a similar analysis was made by United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , who accused China of practicing a new form of colonialism by making other countries reliant on its investment . Local economies suffered in the process , and Tillerson compared the practice to the European colonialism of five centuries ago .
On the surface , the Chinese loans and aid were unconditional , Wang said , but in the end they had a negative influence on the local workforce , provoking more and more protests in the countries supposedly benefiting from China 's economic influence .
While facing increased foreign challenges , on the domestic scene , China had not really changed after 100 years of modern development , with an imperial court still at the top and the masses down below , Wang wrote . He quoted the example of the anti-Japanese riots of 2012 , when mobs attacked and looted Japanese-owned stores and factories , as well as China 's continuing campaign against Taiwan Independence .
In an interview with The Taiwan News , Wang related how China had continued to be ruled by an authoritarian regime which concentrated power in its hands , experiencing no period of reforms such as the Enlightenment in Europe . The national interest was primordial , and there was no evidence nor rational thought required , any words from those in power had to be obeyed .
The present regime 's emphasis on Confucian values could also be interpreted in this way , Wang said , as they stressed faithfulness , obedience and conformity . A Confucian had to conform and adapt himself to fit inside the community , in a world view which allowed for the support of authoritarianism and therefore was well suited to the present political system .
The book “ China Will Collapse in 2031 ” sees rising tension in the run-up to the 22th Communist Party Congress to be scheduled for that year . Internal succession struggles were likely to tear the party and society apart , Wang predicted .
The author worked for the International Labor Organization , taught at university , and during six years as Taiwan 's representative to Switzerland , he succeeded in having billions in New Taiwan dollars returned to the country following the solution of the Lafayette frigate scandal .
LARGO , Fla. ( WFLA ) — The Director of Child Ministry at Anona United Methodist Church is facing a molestation charge after detectives say he inappropriately touched a teenage girl on her buttocks area .
Largo police say 31-year-old Domenic Victor Bisesti touched a 14-year-old girl in a lewd and lascivious manner over her clothing during a church function on church property . They say the behavior happened several times over the past several months .
The victim asked Bisesti to stop after she realized the actions were n't accidental , but he apparently continued to touch her inappropriately .
Police were contacted after the girl told her mother what was happening .
Bisesti was arrested for lewd and lascivious molestation after police spoke to both him and the suspect . Information on the girl 's cell phone also played a role in the investigation .
Police say the church has been notified . There 's no word yet on any other victims .
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Get our hottest stories
delivered to your inbox Sign up for News Channel 8 's Newsletter to get
updates on the day 's top stories Sign Up Today Privacy Policy | Manage Newsletters
By Kristopher Tapley , Variety
Coming off a dazzling the best picture win for Barry Jenkins 's Moonlight , distributor A24 has locked in a wide-ranging slate of awards season players . Since last we checked , the company has acquired Greta Gerwig 's Lady Bird ( Nov. 10 ) , which joins Kate and Laura Mulleavy 's Woodshock ( Sept. 22 ) , Sean Baker 's The Florida Project ( Oct. 6 ) , Yorgos Lanthimos ' The Killing of a Sacred Deer ( Oct. 27 ) and James Franco 's The Disaster Artist ( Dec. 1 ) in an appropriately eclectic stable .
( Andrew Haigh 's Lean on Pete is also in the quiver , bowing at the Venice film festival later this month , but it is likely to be a 2018 release . )
The question in all of this is how far A24 can make it through the season with how many of these drastically different projects . Lady Bird has a good shot at wide-ranging appeal , tackling terrain similar to one of the company 's 2016 players , 20th Century Women . But Baker 's Cannes sensation is an exciting option .
Related : Midway Oscars Forecast : A Cluttered Landscape for Indies and Streamers
Many have been drawing facile parallels between The Florida Project and Moonlight , presumably for no other reason than both are set in the Sunshine State and tell stories of the underrepresented . But it admittedly makes for a helpful shorthand in insinuating a movie like this into the season .
The film tells the story of Moonee ( Brooklynn Prince ) , a precocious 6-year-old girl who lives with her mother Halley ( Bria Vinaite ) in a community of extended-stay motel guests in pastel-streaked Orlando . It 's a hard life seen through the eyes of youthful adventure , a tightrope walk , really . And in a world where no one can say with any confidence what an Oscar movie really is anymore , it certainly has a chance .
In particular , Willem Dafoe is sure to be a story this season as a kind-hearted motel manager . Prince is wonderful and magnetic , though duplicating a run like Quvenzhané Wallis 's ( Beasts of the Southern Wild ) is a tall order . Vianaite , a non-actor , deserves serious supporting consideration , and it 's not hard to see the Screen Actors Guild falling for such an effortlessly natural cast like this .
We 'll see what the season has in store , but for now , A24 has revealed the first trailer and poster for the film , which you can view below . The Florida Project will transition from Cannes to the early fall festival circuit before an early October release .
The U.N. Mideast envoy says the latest escalation in Gaza between its Hamas rulers and Israel is a warning of “ how close to the brink of war we are every day . ”
Nikolay Mladenov told an emergency Security Council meeting on Wednesday that the international community should “ unequivocally condemn ” Hamas ' rocket and mortar attack against Israel .
But he said “ the dangerous escalation ” ca n't be divorced from two months of protests at the Gaza fence in which some 110 Palestinians were killed and large numbers injured by Israeli fire .
The Security Council remained paralyzed , unable to agree on any action .
U.S . Ambassador Nikki Haley , who called the meeting , said a proposed statement to condemn the Hamas attacks was blocked . The U.S. previously blocked three statements to condemn Israeli killings during the protests .
KNOXVILLE , Tenn. — Tennessee 's second consecutive NCAA Tournament second-round exit underscores how far the Lady Vols have fallen and how much progress they must make to reclaim their status as a national power .
The Lady Vols failed to reach the regional semifinals just once in the first 35 years of the NCAA Tournament , which started in 1982 . Now they 've fallen short of that benchmark two straight years .
Tennessee 's latest exit came Sunday when the Lady Vols squandered an early 10-point lead and fell 66-59 to Oregon State , the first time they 'd lost an NCAA Tournament home game after 57 consecutive victories .
“ We did n't win today , so I guess the critics can say they were right , ” Tennessee coach Holly Warlick said after the game . “ You ca n't take away what these kids have done throughout the year with a target on their back . They had to battle critics and everything all year long . I 'll take them . I do n't care if we lost . I 'll take them to battle anytime . ”
It 's a troubling trend for Tennessee , which likely will face more criticism in the wake of its latest second-half fade . After winning its first 15 games , Tennessee went just 10-8 .
In the first three seasons of Warlick 's coaching tenure , the Lady Vols won 81.1 per cent of their games ( 86-20 ) and reached two regional finals with one Sweet 16 loss . Those tournament runs were similar to Tennessee 's results in its last four years under Pat Summitt , who led the Lady Vols to eight national titles before stepping down in 2012 .
But over the last three years , Tennessee has a .664 winning percentage ( 67-34 ) with one regional final appearance and two second-round losses . That would be fine at plenty of programs , but Tennessee fans remember watching the Lady Vols annually contend for titles in Summitt 's heyday .
“ You come here wanting to win championships , and the expectations are extremely high , ” said Warlick , who has one year remaining on her contract . “ Sometimes the things thrown at these kids are unfair . They come wanting to learn and get better and just play the game . They get criticized quite a bit . These kids are tough and they 're resilient . I 'm tough and I 'm resilient , but right now I 'm hurting . ”
But Warlick knows the Lady Vols need to “ figure out how this team is going to get better . ”
Tennessee faces a challenge trying to get better after losing Mercedes Russell and Jaime Nared , who were the Lady Vols ' two top scorers as seniors this season . Russell produced her 46th career double-double Sunday to pass Candace Parker 's career total and move into second place in school history , behind only Chamique Holdsclaw .
Still , there is reason for optimism .
Three of Tennessee 's top five scorers were freshmen Rennia Davis , Anastasia Hayes and Evina Westbrook , who all should only get better . Tennessee 's incoming freshman class features McDonald 's All-America selections Amira Collins , Zarielle Green and Jazmine Massengill .
But a lack of upperclassmen on next season 's roster could make it tough for Tennessee to improve in the short term . The only juniors on Tennessee 's 2017-18 team were starting guard Meme Jackson and reserve forward Cheridene Green . The only sophomore was Kamera Harris , who has n't played much at all her first two seasons .
——
AP freelance writer Rhiannon Potkey in Knoxville , Tennessee contributed to this report .
——
Follow Steve Megargee at https : //twitter.com/stevemegargee
According to Newsweek , Jarrar is an Arab-American who grew up in Egypt and Kuwait . ( Source : Social media photo/CNN )
Jarrar doubled down on her position in later tweets and even boasted `` I will never be fired . '' ( Source : @ RandaJarrar/Twitter ) Jarrar doubled down on her position in later tweets and even boasted `` I will never be fired . '' ( Source : @ RandaJarrar/Twitter )
FRESNO , Calif. ( AP ) - A California State University , Fresno professor who called Barbara Bush `` an amazing racist '' and cheered her death will not be punished , the president of the university announced Tuesday .
Randa Jarrar was acting as a private citizen using her personal Twitter account so her remarks did n't violate any California State University or campus policies , Fresno State President Joseph Castro wrote in announcing the results of a review .
`` Her comments , although disgraceful , are protected free speech under the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution , '' Castro wrote . `` Our duty as Americans and educators is to promote a free exchange of diverse views , even if we disagree with them . ''
Jarrar has been on leave this semester and could n't immediately be reached for comment . An email to her university address was not immediately returned .
The English professor provoked a storm of criticism last week with her tweets following the death of the former first lady .
`` Barbara Bush was a generous and smart and amazing racist who , along with her husband , raised a war criminal , '' Jarrar wrote .
Jarrar also commented that she was `` happy the witch is dead . ''
A Change.org petition to have her fired had garnered 50,000 online signatures as of Tuesday evening .
In response to critics , Jarrar said she was a tenured professor who could not be fired but Castro said the issue was n't related to her job or tenure .
However , he also condemned her remarks .
`` Professor Jarrar 's conduct was insensitive , inappropriate and an embarrassment to the university , '' Castro wrote , adding : `` On campus and whenever we are representing the university , I expect all of us to engage in respectful dialogue . ''
Jarrar grew up in Kuwait and Egypt and moved to the United States after the Gulf War , according to her university faculty page .
She describes herself in her Twitter messages as an Arab-American and a Muslim-American woman .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz tore his ACL in his left knee Sunday against the Los Angeles Rams , and his recovery could extend well into next season , according to a report from Chris Mortensen of ESPN .
According to Mortensen who spoke with renowned orthopedic surgeon Dr. James Andrews , Wentz is set to have surgery to repair his ACL sometime in the next few days and could face a recovery of 9-12 months .
Carson Wentz will have his ACL surgery with `` a couple of days , '' per a team source . -- Chris Mortensen ( @ mortreport ) December 11 , 2017
Dr. James Andrews , noted orthopedic specialist , was not speaking specifically to Wentz but he told me a short while ago that expectation should be tempered for a player with an ACL surgery to return by start of '18 seasons . He says ACL repairs need 9-to-12 months . -- Chris Mortensen ( @ mortreport ) December 11 , 2017
Dr. Andrews said he 's encountered too many football players w/ torn ACLs who have unrealistic expectation , citing Adrian Peterson 's remarkable recovery from ACL/MCL repair in Dec '12 to play by Sept '13 . Dr. Andrews reminded Peterson was genetically unique . Exception to rule -- Chris Mortensen ( @ mortreport ) December 11 , 2017
If the timeline set by Dr. Andrews is accurate , Wentz returning in time for training camp next August is on the optimistic side of things , with the possibility that Wentz could miss a significant portion of the 2018 season a legitimate concern .
Wentz 's injury is particularly concerning for the Eagles moving forward because so much of what has come to define him as an elite quarterback is his ability to escape pressure from the pocket and improvise on the run .
If Wentz 's mobility is impacted upon his return , he will likely need to focus on continuing to improve his prowess from the pocket .
In Wentz 's absence , the Eagles turn to Nick Foles with three games remaining this season , but if Monday 's report is any indication , Foles might be called upon to lead this offense for significantly longer .
Matt Lombardo may be reached at MLombardo @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @ MattLombardoPHL .
Being a Jew : A personal mission that blends with nationalism The fact that a Jew is part of the Jewish people is not enough . He must preserve his unique Jewish identity as an individual . Contact Editor Phil Chernofsky ,
Reuters Iranian Jews pray at a synagogue in Shiraz ( archive ) Phil Chernofsky talks about Parashat Yitro and why we must maintain our identity as individuals while being an integral part of the whole people .
Loading ....
top
CAIRO — A Libyan armed group has claimed victory over Italian-backed militias paid to staunch the flow of migrants to Europe from the coastal city of Sabratha .
The Anti-ISIS Operations Room , created last year to clear Sabratha of Islamic State militants , said in a statement that they have taken control of the city from the Martyr Anas al-Dabashi and Brigade 48 militias after a weeks-long battle .
Over the summer , Italy began funneling resources to the two militias after they agreed to stop facilitating the flow of migrant boats and start blocking them instead .
All factions are nominally under the control of the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord , which hailed the developments as “ positive . ”
Libya has plunged into chaos since a 2011 uprising that toppled and later killed longtime ruler Moammar Gadhafi .
REGINA — A Saskatchewan man and his wife were heard arguing a few days before he shot her in the head and heart with a revolver in the basement of their home .
An agreed statement of facts was read out in a Regina courtroom Wednesday after John Strang pleaded guilty to second-degree murder in the death of 47-year-old Lisa Strang in August 2015 .
He also pleaded guilty to uttering a death threat against another woman , Lynn Larsen .
Strang , 50 , was charged two days after his wife 's body was found in their home in McLean , Sask .
Court heard Strang confessed to a friend that he had killed his wife . The friend contacted police , who then found the victim 's body . Officers also search his Jeep and recovered the handgun that he had used .
Lisa Strang was the Saskatchewan Party 's finance director and had been with the party for 11 years .
The neighbour who had overheard the couple arguing also heard the sound of two bangs the day Strang was killed .
The Crown said Strang alienated his wife from her friends and family . She was the main breadwinner and her husband spent a lot of money and racked up debts that required them to remortgage their house .
Court also heard that Lisa Strang wanted a divorce months before she was killed and her husband had accused her of having an affair .
The Crown and defence are requesting a life sentence with no chance of parole for 17 years .
Strang is to be sentenced on Oct. 25 . ( CTV Regina , CJME , CKRM )
Narrator is also getting a slew of upgrades . The screen reader will be more responsive and will navigate the web more effectively . It will also be able to emphasize bolded , italicized , underlined and capitalized text without having to use announcements like `` start bold '' and `` end bold . '' Instead , Narrator will change its reading speed , pitch and/or volume to denote the text formatting . Narrator can now also run in Safe Mode and within Microsoft Edge , it will start describing actions like opening and closing tabs , adding favorites and page loading .
Microsoft 's eye control features are still in preview , but they 're also getting some improvements . Upcoming features include the ability to scroll , direct left and right click capabilities and the option to pause eye control so users can read or stream without accidentally clicking .
And lastly , Learning Tools in Microsoft Edge will also get new features , like the ability to break down complex words and identify parts of speech , and Microsoft will introduce text suggestions for hardware keyboard use .
Microsoft says it 's always looking for feedback when it comes to new features and these are no exception . Those previewing these features through the Windows Insider Program can share their thoughts through the Feedback app .
AUN appoints new president
By Ebele Orakpo
THE Board of Trustees of the American University of Nigeria ( AUN ) , has appointed Dr . Dawn Dekle as president . Dekle who is currently serving as president of Orkhon University in Mongolia , was selected after an international search and was endorsed unanimously by the Board to assume office from July 1 , 2017 .
Mr. Akin Kekere-Ekun , chairman of the board , expressed delight that Dekle accepted the offer . “ I am confident that she will take our university into the next phase of development . Her vision for AUN in a global era resonated with the entire board and we welcome her with great enthusiasm and anticipation in the coming years , ” he said .
According to a release from AUN 's Office of Communications & Public Relations made available to Vanguard , before joining Orkhon University , Dr. Dekle was president of the American University of Iraq , provost at the American University of Afghanistan , and dean at S. P. Jain School of Global Management in Singapore .
“ She was a faculty member at Singapore Management University , National University of Singapore , James Madison University and Dartmouth College . She has held leadership positions outside of academia , such as council member for the Singapore Institute of International Affairs and leadership specialist and global knowledge manager at the consulting firm , McKinsey & Co. , where she helped launch the McKinsey Centre for Asian Leadership .
Dr. Dekle who earned her bachelor 's degree in psychology from Texas A & M University , Ph.D. in psychology from Dartmouth College , and J.D . in law from Stanford University , has published in academic journals and presented at international conferences .
The post AUN appoints new president appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
On Friday , a judge dismissed Taylor Swift as a defendant in a lawsuit brought by former radio DJ David Mueller , who was fired after Swift accused him of groping her during a photo op before a 2013 concert . Mueller , the judge found , did not present sufficient evidence that Swift herself intended to get him canned . The rest of the case , however , remains in court : Mueller 's identical suit against Swift 's mother Andrea Swift and her radio liaison Frank Bell , and Swift 's countersuit , in which she accuses Mueller of assault and battery for the alleged groping .
Lawyers for each side presented closing arguments today ( August 14 ) . Gabriel McFarland , attorney for Mueller , argued that his client “ is not the guy ” who grabbed Swift 's butt , and that no one saw the alleged grope . McFarland also referenced a photo of the encounter , claiming the expression on Swift 's face was n't sufficiently distraught . “ Not a single witness who was there gave any indication that they saw Mr. Mueller bend over or lean down to get low enough to get under Ms . Swift 's skirt , ” McFarland said . “ In addition , look at Ms . Swift 's face and ask yourself : Is that the face of a person who just had a strange man grab her butt ? … That 's the face of someone who is taking a nice photograph . ”
Taylor Swift , wearing a black turtleneck dress , shook her head and audibly sighed when Mueller 's attorney said his client did n't do it . — Claudia Rosenbaum ( @ CJRosenbaum ) August 14 , 2017
When Mueller 's atty showed photo & said is this face of a woman who was assaulted , TS grabbed her mother 's hand & dabbed tears from her eyes — Claudia Rosenbaum ( @ CJRosenbaum ) August 14 , 2017
Douglas Baldridge , attorney for Swift , countered that a victory for Swift would send a signal about the importance of consent . Mueller 's decision to sue his accuser , Baldridge suggested , represents a perversion of justice : “ In the most twisted circumstances , Mr. Mueller is seeking millions from these people for his wrongful conduct. ” Baldridge also referenced the photo of Swift with Mueller , which was not publicly released but leaked widely . Mueller , he says , is pictured with a “ shit-eating grin . ”
Last week , Swift testified that she was so stunned by her encounter with Mueller that she responded by saying “ thank you for coming ” in a monotone . No one could have seen the grope itself , she said , because a witness would have had to been beneath her , “ and we did n't have anyone positioned there . ”
Mueller 's suit seeks compensation for lost wages as a result of the termination of his contract with radio station KYGO . Swift 's countersuit seeks a symbolic $ 1 . The jury of eight—six women and two men—have now begun deliberations . They must reach a unanimous decision .
Ty Dolla $ ign has released another track from his upcoming Beach House 3 album , coming on October 27 . “ Ex ” is a team-up with one of his oldest and most reliable collaborators , YG . Ty has previously released the singles the Jeremih collaboration “ Dawsin 's Breek , ” “ Love You Better ” and the reggae-tinged “ So Am I ” from Beach House 3 . Listen to “ Ex , ” a sunny , disco-adjacent jam , below .
»
»
VIDEO : Check out the sights , sounds and highlights from the Hewitt-Trussville game against Bob Jones High School
You Are Here : Home
Multiple eyewitnesses say the hooded protester who went nose-to-nose with Jacob Rees-Mogg tonight is a Corbynista , Momentum and Labour supporter . The word on campus is that the hatted protester with red sunglasses seen berating the Mogg in the above video is Josh Connor , a former student at the University of the West of England , where tonight 's disruption took place . Connor was described by eyewitnesses as the protester who was “ most vocal and stayed longest. ” His social media tells the usual story…
Likes include Jeremy Corbyn , Bristol Momentum Youth , Bristol Labour Party and Filton and Bradley Stoke Constituency Labour Party . Posts include a picture of a pie with the word “ corbz ” baked into the crust . Another picture shows Ken Loach addressing a Bristol Momentum event . Other pics show a copy of Mao 's Little Red Book being received as birthday present and hammer and sickle with the slogan “ eat the rich. ” Sadly predictable…
OTTAWA — Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould has asked for an independent review of an extradition that resulted in Ottawa professor Hassan Diab spending three years in a French jail , only to be suddenly released .
The external review — which has not started — is in addition to an internal “ lessons learned ” examination already underway , a spokesman for Wilson-Raybould said Wednesday .
French authorities suspected Diab , 64 , was involved in the 1980 bombing of a Paris synagogue that killed four people and injured dozens of others , an accusation he has always denied .
The sociology professor and his supporters have been urging the federal government to hold a full public inquiry into the case and to reform the Extradition Act to ensure individual rights are respected .
In a letter Tuesday to Amnesty International Canada and the British Columbia Civil Liberties Association , Wilson-Raybould said Diab was afforded “ all of the procedural safeguards ” under the Extradition Act and that his charter rights were considered during Canadian court proceedings .
“ Nonetheless , due to the three-year-period that Dr. Diab spent in custody in France , I have been reflecting carefully on this case , ” said her letter , made available to the The Canadian Press by the two rights organizations .
“ As you know , Department of Justice Canada officials have undertaken a ‘ lessons learned ' review of the Diab extradition proceedings . I have also asked for an independent external review of this matter . ”
Josh Paterson , executive director of the B.C . association , said Wednesday he is seeking answers from the minister about the independent review , including whether the findings will be made public .
“ Who will be or has been appointed ? What is the scope of the review ? Will they have the power to require the department to co-operate with them ? ”
No other information was immediately available from Wilson-Raybould 's office .
The RCMP arrested Diab , a Canadian of Lebanese descent , in November 2008 in response to a request by France .
In June 2011 , Ontario Superior Court Justice Robert Maranger committed Diab for extradition despite acknowledging the case against him was weak .
The following year , then-justice minister Rob Nicholson signed an extradition order surrendering Diab to France .
The Ontario Court of Appeal upheld the decisions of the lower court and the minister , and the Supreme Court of Canada declined to review the matter .
Diab 's supporters have long argued he was in Beirut — not Paris — when the attack took place and that his fingerprints , palm prints , physical description and age did not match those of the suspect identified in 1980 .
I think that it is very important for there to be an external review of why he was sent from Canada in the first place and let me point out it was the previous Harper government which made those decisions
In November 2014 , Diab was sent to France , where he was held in solitary confinement up to 22 hours a day .
In January , French judges dismissed the allegations against Diab and ordered his immediate release .
Diab is back in Canada with his wife and children . However , French prosecuting authorities have appealed his release , and a decision is expected July 6 .
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said she and the prime minister had advocated “ very energetically ” for Diab 's return to Canada .
“ I think that it is very important for there to be an external review of why he was sent from Canada in the first place and let me point out it was the previous Harper government which made those decisions . ”
SACRAMENTO , Calif. — Four current California lawmakers have faced sexual misconduct complaints since 2006 , according to documents released Friday by the state Legislature .
All were told to watch their behaviour , ranging from inappropriate comments to unwanted touching , but none were formally disciplined , the documents show .
They are Democratic Assemblywoman Autumn Burke of Los Angeles , Republican Assemblyman Travis Allen of Huntington Beach , Democratic Sen. Tony Mendoza of Artesia , near LA , and Democratic Sen. Bob Hertzberg of LA .
The documents , released in response to media outlets ' requests for records , offer the fullest picture yet of sexual harassment and misconduct in California 's Capitol . Until now , names of lawmakers facing allegations were only made public if the victims chose to speak out .
Sexual misconduct in the California Capitol grabbed the spotlight in October when nearly 150 women published a letter saying such behaviour is pervasive and often goes unchecked . It came amid a national wave of allegations against men in politics , Hollywood and elsewhere .
Mendoza was suspended last week amid an investigation into accusations of inappropriate behaviour toward young women who worked for him . One complained in 2010 that he made her uncomfortable by sending her text messages unrelated to work , according to the documents .
Allen , who is running for governor , is accused of inappropriately touching a female staff member in early 2013 , according to a heavily redacted complaint . He said he did not recall the incident , according to the documents .
Burke acknowledged participating in an inappropriate discussion about anal sex after a complaint was filed last year , the documents show . The Assembly 's human resources director discussed the inappropriateness of the conversation and the need to maintain a professional office environment , but there did not appear to be other punishment . Burke said she took full responsibility .
Hertzberg was accused of grabbing a staff member , dancing and singing to her in 2015 . His spokeswoman , Katie Hanzlik , did not immediately comment .
The documents may not provide a full scope of harassment by lawmakers and senior staff members . Critics of the system say many women do n't report misconduct for fear of personal and professional retaliation .
Legislative staff members do n't have protections if they come forward , although a measure slated to pass Monday would change that .
Two former lawmakers , Raul Bocanegra and Rod Wright , also are named in the documents . Bocanegra , who was a staff member at the time of the complaint , resigned late last year as more allegations emerged .
——
Associated Press writers Jonathan J. Cooper and Don Thompson contributed reporting .
NEWPORT NEWS , Va. — A federal jury has convicted a Virginia woman on fraud and tax charges after prosecutors said she charged over a half-million dollar on her boss 's credit cards .
Sherea Darnell is a former manager at a Williamsburg eye care centre . Prosecutors say she used the doctor 's credit cards to charge some $ 514,000 in personal transactions , including her son 's preschool tuition .
The jury heard from prosecutors that she also took over $ 90,000 in cash advances from the credit cards , using it to hire maid services and buy clothing and airline tickets . Authorities say that after her resignation from the eye centre , Darnell continued to use her boss 's cards until the doctor finally discovered the fraud .
Darnell faces a maximum penalty of 30 years . Sentencing is set for October .
MINNEAPOLIS — Military Humvees , officers in combat gear and the occasional F-16 flying over downtown Minneapolis are all part of the beefed up security measures that come with hosting the Super Bowl . But those images can be scary for some immigrants and refugees who are worried about terrorism , deportation or even a war they ca n't forget .
A special team with the city of Minneapolis has been working for weeks to reassure immigrant communities that all the extra muscle is here to keep them safe . The team is reaching out through radio and television broadcasts , social media and in-person meetings with elders and community members . The goal is to keep communities informed about everything from security to transportation issues , and let them know they can also participate in the fun .
“ It 's a welcoming place … for people to come downtown and enjoy , ” said Michael Yang , a southeast Asian community specialist with the city . “ You should n't have to fear anything . ”
Minnesota has been a welcoming state for immigrants over the last several decades , thanks in part to its social service programs . The state is home to the largest Somali community in the U.S. , roughly 57,000 people according to the latest census figures , most of whom live in the Minneapolis area . The state also has the second-highest Hmong population , behind California .
The team of community specialists in Minneapolis does outreach in immigrant communities all year , but is working with more partners and intensifying efforts in the lead-up to the Super Bowl . Officials believe they have created a model for future Super Bowls or other large events . Among other things , the team is broadcasting weekly radio programs in Spanish , Somali and Hmong and is contracting with others to share social media messages in Spanish , Hmong , Somali , Vietnamese , Oromo and Lao .
The messages are being tailored to each community because while one community might believe armed guards are preventing a terror attack , another might see those same officers as an immigration raid .
“ Every community has their own take on the event and their own fears and concerns and we address them by giving them the right information , telling them what 's going on , ” said Rose Lindsay with the community relations unit in the Joint Information Center set up for the Super Bowl .
Yang said that even though Hmong immigrants have been in Minnesota for decades , images of the war they left behind are still fresh . Some people he 's met tell him that the armed officers remind them of the military taking over the streets of Laos . Others expressed concern about helicopters or other aircraft flying overhead , saying it reminds them of enemy aircraft .
“ With some members of the Hmong community , people are really fearful that there is war , ” he said .
The Hmong have also expressed fear of a terrorist attack or hate crimes , and weeks ago elders were asking families to stay away from the Super Bowl activities . Yang said his work has helped ease fears . Other team members agree .
Abdirashid Ahmed , an East African community specialist , is working to explain the Super Bowl to community leaders , faith leaders and other community members . In addition to face-to-face meetings , he 's also monitoring social media to see what the community is talking about .
After a car caught fire in a Somali neighbourhood this week , many community members went to social media and asked if there was a terror attack . Ahmed said because of the infrastructure that 's been set up , officials were able to respond within minutes to let the community know it was a mechanical fire and they had nothing to worry about .
When asked if there is fear of racial profiling in a community where some members have been the subject of terror investigations , Ahmed said there is always that concern because of the current climate . But as far as it relates to the Super Bowl , “ people are not asking the same kinds of questions they were asking me a month or two months ago . ”
“ We have been explaining everything , ” Ahmed said . “ The law enforcement agencies coming to Minneapolis … they will be here to protect everyone , not to harm . ”
—-
Follow Amy Forliti on Twitter : http : //www.twitter.com/amyforliti . More of her work at : https : //apnews.com/search/amy % 20forliti
OTTAWA — A private member 's bill aimed at ensuring Canada 's laws are in harmony with the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples has earned the approval of the House of Commons .
Bill C-262 , introduced by New Democrat MP and reconciliation critic Romeo Saganash , won the support of MPs by a margin of 206 to 79 and is now en route to the Senate .
Saganash was among the original architects of the UN declaration , which was adopted by the General Assembly in September 2007 .
Saganash says he believes his legislation is the most important bill Parliament has considered in a long time .
He says Canadians believe it is now finally time to formally recognize that Indigenous rights are also human rights .
Saganash , who spent 10 years in a residential school , says rather than spend his life being bitter about that forced experience , he set out to reconcile with the people who put him there — and he says his bill reflects that same spirit of reconciliation .
LAS VEGAS — After five days of scouring the life of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock and chasing 1,000 leads , investigators confessed Friday they still do n't know what drove him to mass murder , and they announced plans to put up billboards appealing for the public 's help .
In their effort to find any hint of his motive , investigators were looking into whether he was with a prostitute days before the shooting , scrutinizing cruises he took and trying to make sense of a cryptic note with numbers jotted on it found in his hotel room , a federal official said .
So far , examinations of Paddock 's politics , finances , any possible radicalization and his social behaviour — typical investigative avenues that have helped uncover the motive in past shootings — have turned up little .
“ We still do not have a clear motive or reason why , ” Clark County Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said . “ We have looked at literally everything . ”
The FBI announced that billboards would go up around the city asking anyone with information to phone 800-CALL-FBI .
“ If you know something , say something , ” said Aaron Rouse , agent in charge of the Las Vegas FBI office . “ We will not stop until we have the truth . ”
Paddock , a reclusive 64-year-old high-stakes gambler , rained bullets on the crowd at a country music festival Sunday night from his 32nd-floor hotel suite , killing 58 and wounding hundreds before taking his own life .
McMahill said investigators had reviewed voluminous video from the casino and do n't think Paddock had an accomplice in the shooting , but they want to know if anyone knew about his plot beforehand .
Investigators believe Paddock hired a prostitute in the days leading up to the shooting and were interviewing other call girls for information , a U.S. official briefed by federal law enforcement officials said . The official was n't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity .
The official also disclosed that Paddock took at least a dozen cruises abroad in the last few years , most of them with his girlfriend , Marilou Danley . At least one sailed to the Middle East .
It is unusual to have so few hints of a motive five days after a mass shooting . In previous mass killings or terrorist attacks , killers left notes , social media postings and information on a computer — or even phoned police .
“ The lack of a social media footprint is likely intentional , ” said Erroll Southers , director of homegrown violent extremism studies at the University of Southern California . “ We 're so used to , in the first 24 to 48 hours , being able to review social media posts . If they do n't leave us a note behind or a manifesto behind , and we 're not seeing that , that 's what 's making this longer . ”
What officers have found is that Paddock planned his attack meticulously .
He requested an upper-floor room overlooking the festival , stockpiled 23 guns , a dozen of them modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon , and set up cameras inside and outside his room to watch for approaching officers .
In a possible sign he was contemplating massacres at other sites , he also booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September , according to authorities reconstructing his movements leading up to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history .
His arsenal also included tracer rounds that can improve a shooter 's firing accuracy in the dark , a law enforcement official told AP . It was n't clear whether Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the high-rise massacre .
Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of the .308-calibre and .223-calibre tracer ammunition from a private buyer he met at a Phoenix gun show , a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity .
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night . But they can also give away the shooter 's position .
Video shot of the pandemonium that erupted when Paddock started strafing the festival showed a muzzle flash from his room at the Mandalay Bay resort , but bullets were n't visible in the night sky .
Investigators are looking into Paddock 's mental health and any medications he was on , McMahill said .
His girlfriend , Danley , told FBI agents Wednesday that she had not noticed any changes in his mental state or indications he could become violent , the federal official said .
Paddock sent Danley on a trip to her native Philippines before the attack , and she was unaware of his plans and devastated when she learned of the carnage while overseas , she said in a statement .
——
Associated Press writers Regina Garcia Cano and Josh Hoffner in Las Vegas ; Brian Melley in Los Angeles ; Jacques Billeaud in Phoenix ; and Don Babwin and Michael Tarm in Chicago contributed to this report .
——
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting , click here : https : //apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting .
RALEIGH , N.C. — A federal lawsuit filed in North Carolina says low-income people should n't lose their drivers ' licenses when they ca n't afford to pay traffic fines and court costs .
The American Civil Liberties Union and the Southern Poverty Law Center are among the groups that filed the lawsuit Wednesday on behalf of two named plaintiffs . They say they ca n't afford to pay their traffic tickets , so they have to decide between driving with a revoked license or not supporting their families .
The lawsuit says the practice violates the right to due process under the 14th amendment of the U.S. Constitution because the state does n't offer drivers a hearing to explain why they have n't paid .
DMV Commissioner Torre Jessup is named as the defendant .
A spokeswoman says the state is reviewing the lawsuit .
Blockchain Insurance Policy Developed for Hurricane-Prone Puerto Rico
A decentralized insurance policy built with blockchain and smart contract technology will provide cover for natural disasters in Puerto Rico .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
New Music : Olamide – Owo Shayo
YBNL 's finest , Olamide who has got no chill for releasing hit songs is back again with this new banger , titled “ Owo Shayo ” .
“ Owo Shayo ” serves as another dance-entry-tune which baddo serves on a para-mode . The beautiful tune is for the street and the Steet-King takes charge with his lines in his new banger .
The new song which might obviously peak on the charts is produced by YBNL 's in-house producer , Pheelz .
Listen and Enjoy !
https : //www.yabaleftonline.ng/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Olamide-Owo-Shayo-prod.-Pheelz.mp3
DOWNLOAD MP3
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post New Music : Olamide – Owo Shayo appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ross ( Aidan Turner ) and wife Demelza ( Eleanor Tomlinson ) will be back on screens soon
It 's finally here : the trailer for Poldark series four .
Advertisement
And there 's a lot packed into it . We see Ross ( Aidan Turner ) charging across windy Cornish cliffs on horseback , reconciling with wife Demelza ( Eleanor Tomlinson ) and even firing a couple of duelling pistols .
But what else can we expect from upcoming episodes ? Poldark in parliament . Despite previously refusing to become a politician , series four will see Ross at Westminster after Pitt the Prime Minister calls a general election .
And yes , that means Ross will take George Warleggan 's ( Jack Farthing ) place as MP . “ He does take George 's seat . He beats George , ” Scriptwriter Debbie Horsfield previously told RadioTimes.com . “ At the end of this series we see him coming to the realisation that next time a seat is offered he has to take it .
“ He 's not desperate to head off to Westminster but a catastrophic happening in episode one of series four makes him realise that in order to have the power to effect any change he needs to get out of his comfort zone . ”
Yet what about Ross and Demelza ? As expected , things wo n't be plain sailing after Poldark 's red-headed wife gave into temptation with the charming Hugh Armitage ( Josh Whitehouse ) at the end of series three .
“ They might start off a bit rocky and they might try to figure things out , ” Aidan Turner told RadioTimes.com at the Radio Times Covers Party . “ It 's a very real relationship , these things can happen in a marriage . ”
So , will the married couple fix their relationship ? Or will Ross ' new role in politics cause further divide ? We do n't have long to find out…
Advertisement
Poldark returns Sunday 10th June at 9pm on BBC1
Who was Prince Albert ?
You 've probably heard of Victoria and Albert – if you have a penchant for history and nice dresses , you may have even been to the Victoria & Albert Museum – but what do you actually know about the man who wed England 's young queen way back in 1840 ? If you 're like us , very little . Did you know , for instance , that the Prince Consort 's full name was Francis Albert Augustus Charles Emmanuel – or Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha . He was German , born in Bavaria in 1819 . First cousin to Victoria , he was actually delivered just a few months after her by the same midwife .
Advertisement
Albert suffered a turbulent childhood – when he was five , his father divorced his mother on the grounds of adultery and she was sent to Switzerland and refused access to her children . Albert went on to be educated at Bonn University and came to England first in 1836 , before Victoria ascended to the throne , where she was quite taken by him . He returned in October 1839 , as portrayed in ITV 's Victoria , and the young queen proposed marriage later that month .
Who was King Leopold ?
A key player in the brokering of Victoria 's marriage , Leopold I of Belgium was the brother to Victoria 's mother – also called Victoria . The pair had a third brother , Ernest I , Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha who was Albert 's father . Confused much ?
Played in ITV 's Victoria by Alex Jennings , Leopold was once married to Princess Charlotte of Wales – second in line to the British throne . She died in childbirth but , had she lived , she would have been queen over Victoria .
In 1831 , the newly-established kingdom of Belgium offered Leopold the kingship because of his diplomatic connections with European royal families .
Known for brokering savvy political marriages , it was Leopold who helped to arrange the union between his niece Victoria and nephew Albert in 1840 .
Albert 's marriage to Victoria :
Albert and Victoria were wed in 1840 and bore nine children , the oldest going on to become King Edward VII . Throughout their marriage , Albert acted as an advisor to the queen in all matters , taking over where Lord Melbourne left off . He was responsible for masterminding the Great Exhibition of 1851 and helped to smooth over a diplomatic row between Britain and the United States in 1861 , although he never enjoyed full popularity among the general public . Nevertheless , Victoria was devoted to Albert and devastated when , in 1861 , he died from what was believed to be typhoid fever . She spent the final 40 years of her reign in mourning for her husband , building several memorials including the Royal Albert Memorial in Kensington Gardens .
Who plays Prince Albert in ITV 's Victoria ?
You may well recognise Tom Hughes . The prince to Jenna Coleman 's queen made his first major appearance in Casualty spin-off 1909 before Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant cast him in their coming-of-age flick Cemetery Junction , playing Bruce Pearson . Hughes was then seen in Sex , Drugs and Rock and Roll in 2010 and you may have spotted him in Hitchcock remake The Lady Vanishes in 2013 . In the same year Hughes starred opposite his queen , Jenna Coleman , in Stephen Poliakoff 's Dancing on the Edge and lit up BBC screens once again in 2014 in Cold War thriller The Game .
We spoke to Tom Hughes about his role…
How did you find playing Albert ?
I found it a bit of a challenge , if I 'm honest . There 's a responsibility that goes with playing a real person that you have to make sure you are as true as their memory , particularly to somebody that is no longer around . Last time I played a real person I got to meet the guy… I think there 's a responsibility there and I enjoyed that responsibility . As a human being he has such complexities and depths that was a real pleasure .
Did you have to brush up on your Victorian history ?
Absolutely . I think even if I was a whizz at Victorian history that I had that responsibility to make sure that I was n't missing out on any important detail . For me , my knowledge of the Victorian era is that of post-Albert 's death and my awareness is mainly her in mourning . My awareness of Albert was through that . It was nice to be able to look at them both as young people and to think about what they might have been like .
So what 's the complexity about Albert that draws you in ?
This is a dramatisation of a real man 's life . There 's only so much of that man and his true story that we are able to get in . I think in our dramatisation , in our story… we 're talking about a young 19-year-old who 's come to a foreign country from a relatively remote part of Germany . His connection with other people has been – I would n't say he 'd been cut off , but there were long periods when it would just be him and his teacher , his grandmother and occasionally his dad .
He 's thrust into a foreign country at a young age where a lot 's been put on his shoulders . The man that I try to depict and the man that I discovered from my own research is a man quite quiet and reserved . There was a strength to that resignation , but I think that there 's an isolation that he must have felt . At 19 , to be isolated , it must have been the worst thing . There were complexities there . “ How do I paint the depth of this man while also making him appear slightly detached from the world that he 's found himself in ? ”
How did you find working with Jenna Coleman again ?
The previous time [ on Dancing on the Edge ] , I think there was one scene where we were both in it and we did n't get to do any acting together really . She 's great to work with – I think there 's always that fear , particular when you come into a series late [ Albert first appears in episode three ] , you know , I really had to hit the ground running as it was already moving .
Advertisement
I like to be as in the moment as you can be and I think acting is as much about reacting – you need to have somebody that you 're playing off , somebody that is open and responsive also and Jenna 's not only really clever in the choices that she makes , she 's very alive . That was a bit of a gift really because it allowed us to get a rhythm very quickly .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Puerto Rico 's new governor has been sworn in as the U.S. territory prepares for what many believe will be new austerity measures and a renewed push for statehood to haul the island out of a deep economic crisis .
Ricardo Rossello was sworn on Monday and proposed several measures aimed at alleviating the crisis . Among them is a proposal to hold a referendum that would ask voters whether they prefer statehood or independence .
Rossello also aims to boost public-private partnerships and use that revenue to save a retirement system that faces a $ 40 billion deficit . Rossello has pledged to work closely with a federal control board that U.S. Congress created to oversee Puerto Rico 's finances . He said he supports negotiations with creditors to help restructure a nearly $ 70 billion public debt .
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , arrives for the 2018 Pulitzer Prize winners awards luncheon at Columbia University , Wednesday May 30 , 2018 , in New York .
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Annabella Sciorra , left , stands with Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , second from left , Rosanna Arquette , and Farrow 's mother Mia Farrow , right , as they arrive for the 2018 Pulitzer Prize winners award ...
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , center , Annabella Sciorra , left , and Rosanna Arquette , right , arrive for the 2018 Pulitzer Prize winners awards luncheon at Columbia University , Wednesday May 30 , 2018 , ...
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , second from right , his mother Mia Farrow , far right , Anabella Sciorra , far left , and Rosanna Arquette , second from left , two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi ...
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Two of Harvey Weinstein 's accusers have watched from the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards .
The New York Times and The New Yorker magazine received the gold medal for public service Wednesday for reporting on decades of sexual abuse allegations against the Hollywood mogul .
The stories by Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey of The Times and Ronan Farrow for The New Yorker sparked the # MeToo movement .
Joining the luncheon at Columbia University in support of the journalistic work were Rosanna Arquette and Annabella Sciorra . The actresses are among those who have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct , allegations he denies .
Farrow was also joined by his mother , actress Mia Farrow .
Rapper-songwriter Kendrick Lamar was there to pick up his Pulitzer Prize for music .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Ryanair , rocked by rostering errors that have forced the Irish LCC to cancel thousands of flights over the next five months , has appealed to its pilots to stand by the company . The LCC has also offered to increase salaries to match or exceed those of competitor airlines , a move that CEO Michael O'Leary hopes will help attract new personnel from other carriers . In the letter dated Oct. 5 , a copy of which has been seen by ATW , O'Leary first apologizes to pilots for disruptions to ...
2017 : IMF sees world economy on firmer footing
Global economic growth will jump in 2017 amid a cyclical recovery in investment , manufacturing and trade , the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) said Tuesday .
The IMF also predicted that the world economy will expand in 2017 by 3.5 per cent , raising its projection by 0.1 percentage points from the the last 2017 estimate in January .
It said that global growth was a tepid 3.1 per cent in 2016 .
The IMF kept its forecast for 2018 at 3.6 per cent in Tuesday 's update to the World Economic Outlook , which the Washington-based crisis lender updates quarterly .
“ Momentum in the global economy has been building since the middle of last year , ” IMF chief economist Maurice Obstfeld said .
“ Acceleration will be broad based across advanced , emerging , and low-income economies , building on gains we have seen in both manufacturing and trade . ”
Commodity prices have recovered since bottoming out a year ago , relieving global deflationary pressure , the report said .
The World Economic Outlook described financial markets as “ buoyant ” amid expectations of further stimulus in China , along with fiscal expansion in the United States .
New U.S. President Donald Trump has called for a surge of infrastructure spending , along with tax cuts and reduced regulation .
The IMF said inspite of the more optimistic short-term outlook , longer-term prospects remain impaired by slow productivity improvements and lagging structural reforms that could raise growth prospects in rich countries and improve stability in emerging and developing economies .
The report warned that “ inward-looking policies threaten global economic integration and the cooperative global economic order . ”
Trump has scuttled US participation in the 12-country Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal , while Britain is negotiating its exit from the European Union .
The IMF projects growth in advanced economies to pick up from 1.7 per cent last year to two per cent in 2017 ro 2018 , raising its forecasts slightly for much of Western Europe , as well as Japan .
Emerging market and developing economies , as a group , are seen growing 4.5 per cent in 2017 , up 0.4 points from 2016 .
The IMF forecasts growth of 4.8 per cent for the group in 2018 .
The post 2017 : IMF sees world economy on firmer footing appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust .
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Zamfara to spend N10b on proposed university
The proposed Zamfara state government owned university is expected to cost N10 billion . This was made known by Governor Abdulaziz Yari on Tuesday , when he received at his Talata-Mafara residence , a team of journalists who were on tour of the state . He said :
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The NEWS . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Among the Nazi and Confederate flags unfurled by white nationalists marching in Charlottesville , Va. , over the weekend was an incongruous symbol : the logo of the Detroit Red Wings .
At least a few marchers carried signs showing the familiar logo of a wheel with a wing . In some cases , the wheel was altered to resemble a Nazi SS logo .
Several news sites , including the hockey site the Russian Machine Never Breaks , reported the existence of a white nationalist group called the Detroit Right Wings , which uses the logo .
The Detroit Free Press reported that the group did not seem to have a big footprint . Its name was not found in local or federal court records or corporate registration .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A video by the group on YouTube and a Twitter account that used the logo as its avatar were taken down over the weekend .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
CNN and other news organizations were unsuccessful in reaching the group for comment .
The Red Wings denounced the use of the logo on Saturday : “ The Detroit Red Wings vehemently disagree with and are not associated in any way with the event taking place today in Charlottesville , Va . The Red Wings believe that hockey is for everyone , and we celebrate the great diversity of our fan base and our nation . We are exploring every possible legal action as it pertains to the misuse of our logo in this disturbing demonstration . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Actors used to treading the boards on London 's West End stage and at Liverpool 's Everyman Theatre are offering the children of Chester the chance of a Wicked week this summer .
Lucy Thatcher , whose impressive CV includes being an original cast member of Matilda the Musical with the Royal Shakespeare Company and The Spice Girls musical , Viva Forever ! has joined forces with Francis Tucker , best known to north-west audiences for his 11-year stint as pantomime dame at the Everyman Theatre , to create North West End Acting School .
The duo have already had success with their one-to-one mentoring sessions for students aiming to win a place at drama school and a pilot acting course for adults in Chester and now bring their highly successful musical theatre workshops in London , Bristol and Liverpool to Chester .
The Wicked workshop , for children aged seven-16 , will run from August 20-24 at Upton High School .
Based on the West End musical Wicked , the youngsters will work from original West End scripts and choreography and sing all the well known songs including Popular and Defying Gravity .
The workshop will culminate in a performance on the Friday for friends and family with full costumes , set and live music .
Lucy said : “ My vision for the workshop is to offer an opportunity for children to create and be a part of something wonderful with emphasis on confidence building , having fun and making new friends . ”
Sarah Wiggins , a parent whose children took part in one of the workshops in London last year said : “ My kids absolutely loved the week .
“ I 've not heard them so animated after a camp !
“ The show itself was fantastic and we were shocked at how much you managed to get from them in just five days - very impressive . ”
Wicked the musical is an alternative telling of the film The Wizard of Oz from the point of view of two unlikely friends Glinda and Elpheba who eventually fulfil their destinies as Glinda the Good and the Wicked Witch of the West .
The Wicked musical theatre course runs from August 20-24 , 9am-4pm daily with the final performance on Friday at 2pm ) at Upton High School .
The cost of the course is £175 per child with additional siblings at £150 .
To book visit www.northwestendactingschool.co.uk or telephone 07976586060 .
CAIRO — Yemen 's official news agency says the Shiite rebels have killed at least 20 people and detained dozens across the country 's north since killing their top ally , former President Ali Abdullah Saleh .
The rebels known as Houthis appear to be escalating their crackdown on any possible sign of rebellion among their one-time allies from Saleh 's party , the General People 's Congress . They are also shutting down the internet and tightening an already existing media blackout .
According to SABA , the official news agency now under control of the internationally-recognized government , the Houthis also blew up 20 houses in the northern province of Hajja and replaced the province 's governor who was a onetime Saleh associate .
The agency reported on Monday that the Houthis also arrested 49 people in Mahwet , another northern province in Yemen .
Akwa United earn comfortable home win
ESPN FC
Christian Pyagbara 's goal a minute from full time sealed a Akwa United a 2-0 home win against Wikki Tourists , in a rescheduled match day 23 league game on Wednesday . The Promise Keepers recorded their tenth win of the season which moved them up to …
Akwa Utd overcome Wikki to go sixth SuperSport
all 3 news articles »
The Ohio man accused of driving his car into a crowd of protesters in Charlottesville , Va. , Saturday was photographed earlier in the day apparently marching with a group of self-proclaimed fascists . James Alex Fields has been charged with one count of second-degree murder .
Teacher reflects on Charlottesville driver
Before moving to Maumee , Ohio , Fields lived in Northern Kentucky .
One of his high school teachers says Fields was fascinated with Nazi Germany . Derek Weimer taught Fields in three classes at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union . He says Fields was intelligent and did n't cause trouble . But he says the quiet boy was also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy .
'When you see something like what culminated in James Fields , it 's a complete defeat . '
Weimer says he did his best to steer Fields away from those interests .
`` Your mission as a teacher is really you 're teaching these kids valuable fundamentals and skills to be successful in life . When you see something like what culminated in James Fields , it 's a complete defeat . ''
Weimer says he used historical examples and events . He drew on stories of his own relatives who fought and died in World War II .
`` I would tell stories that would clearly let students know that Nazis and their beliefs and Adolf Hitler , they 're evil . ''
Fields did seem to back away from his interest from it his senior year , Weiner says .
`` I thought maybe this is working , maybe he 's realizing that things like Nazism , Adolf Hitler , they 're bad things . It was promising . ''
Weimer says when he returns to the classroom , his former student will be on his mind .
`` When something like this happens you do n't think , 'Oh , it 's my neighbor across the street or my son 's friend in high school . ' No , it 's always somebody else or somewhere else . Well , here it is . He came from Boone County . He went to a good school . Lived in a good neighborhood . There were plenty of people around to try to guide him in the right direction . My first feeling is we failed . I failed . ''
Fields is accused of second-degree homicide , and the FBI is looking into whether civil rights charges should be filed .
The New York Times Just Went To Town On The ANC
The gloves are off , and it 's clear that the folks over at the New York Times do n't care much for the ANC in its current state .
In an opinion piece by the editorial board , which “ represents the opinions of the board , its editor and the publisher ” , the Times took aim at a party that has quite clearly sold its soul , and its supporters , down the river .
We feel you , guys .
Anyway , let 's get down to business . With a few omissions for brevity , here 's what they had to say :
It may seem unfair to single out South Africa for its corruption . It 's not the worst offender in sub-Saharan Africa , and far from the worst in the world…But countries should be measured less against the rest of the world than against their own potential and promise , and on that score , the same African National Congress that Nelson Mandela led to a triumphant victory over apartheid a quarter century ago has become gorged on corruption . What is particularly galling , as Norimitsu Onishi and Selam Gebrekidan reported in The Times , is that so many of the millions filched from state coffers were earmarked to lift up the poor left behind by apartheid . While politically connected companies and individuals have grown wealthy , the gap between them and the poor , most of them blacks , has only grown… The potential for change was evident when the A.N.C . finally forced President Jacob Zuma out of office in February . Mr. Zuma 's nine years in office were a byword for obscene corruption , and he now faces corruption , racketeering , fraud and money laundering charges . His successor , Cyril Ramaphosa , promised in his first state-of-the-nation address that “ this is the year in which we will turn the tide of corruption in our public institutions. ” Yet President Ramaphosa is himself a veteran A.N.C . member and made a fortune largely through his ties to the party , and his cabinet includes officials who stand accused of corruption .
Mr. Mandela may have been partly responsible for the state of affairs when he struck a grand bargain with the white minority that finally gave the black majority control over politics but left many economic resources in the hands of whites . That , according to current perceptions cited in The Times article , created incentives to give and receive bribes . Yet while the flawed transition may explain the rise of corruption , it can not justify the perfidy of officials who were reared on the ideals and aspirations of the movement Mr. Mandela led . The corruption described by Mr. Onishi and Ms. Gebrekidan is not simply bribery , but rather elaborate schemes to siphon off tens of billions of public dollars intended to improve the lives of the very people the A.N.C . promised to lead to a new , equal and just nation . That is one reason that it is fair to single out South Africa . Another is that the “ beloved country ” of Alan Paton 's South African classic has the democratic tools to combat the blight of corruption , as the unfolding case against Mr. Zuma demonstrates . The question is whether Mr. Ramaphosa or the A.N.C . are any longer capable of wielding them .
The ANC has become “ gorged on corruption ” – nail on the head , innit .
Who knows if any other political party had handled the situation much better , but they sure as hell could n't do worse .
Oh well , at least Jacob Zuma has other things to keep him occupied for the time being .
[ source : nytimes ]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SAN DIEGO ( KGTV ) - The legalization of California 's marijuana industry and start of Girl Scout cookie sales have created an opportune moment for at least one San Diego girl .
A photo posted on Instagram by San Diego marijuana dispensary Urbn Leaf showed a Girl Scout with an armful of cookies in front of a Mission Bay storefront .
`` Get some Girl Scout Cookies with your GSC today until 4 p.m. ! Have a friend that wants to # tagalong ? Bring them with - shopping is more fun with friends anyways , '' the company wrote . `` GSC '' refers to a product flavored like Girl Scout Cookies .
The scout 's father told 10News his daughter has sold more than 300 boxes in a total of about 6 hours .
10News has reached out to Urbn Leaf and the Girl Scouts San Diego for comment .
The controversial move of Girl Scout cookie sales at dispensaries has come with changing times around the country .
RELATED : Girl Scout cookies are back , here 's how to buy them
Girl Scouts of America Colorado was prompted to issue a statement in 2014 after a scout reportedly sold more than 100 boxes of cookies in two hours outside a San Francisco dispensary .
`` If you are wondering , we do n't allow our Girl Scouts to sell cookies in front of marijuana shops or liquor stores/bars , '' the organization 's Colorado branch tweeted .
However , Kelly Parisi , chief communications officer from Girl Scouts of the USA , told the LA Times that each region makes `` all decisions on how the cookie program is run . As always , our primary concern is the safety and well-being of the girls we serve . ''
Girl Scouts across the U.S. began selling cookies last month and will continue to until April .
Kemi Olunloyo reveals how she got out of prison
Controversial US trained journalist Kemi Olunloyo has revealed how her long term enemy , Linda Ikeji contributed to get her out of prison . The drama between Kemi and Linda dates back to years ago . Kemi even claimed she placed a gag order on Linda preventing the blogger from publishing any report about her . Also Kemi never …
The post Kemi Olunloyo reveals how she got out of prison appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A combination of glorious sunshine and exciting racing proved to be a winning combination for the organisers of Revesby Races last Saturday .
Held in the stunning Revesby Park , the event was staged by the South Wold Point-to-Point Committee .
Horses jump over a fence during the second race of the day . Picture : Sarah Washbourn .
It attracted large crowds with the actual racing just one of the many attractions alongside about 40 food , craft and clothing stands .
Saturday 's success was certainly deserved as the event was postponed earlier this year because of a waterlogged car park .
There were no such problems ‘ second time around ' with crowds enjoying the best weather of the year to date .
As far as the racing action was concerned , the meeting was a triumph for jockey Jack Andrews who recorded a double .
A rider in the South Wold Hunt was joined by his four-legged friends on Saturday . Picture : Sarah Washbourn .
The Lincolnshire trained horse Panama Canal loved the ‘ good ' going to win the feature race of the day , the D & M Barthorpe Mixed Open .
The racing attracted entries from far and wide , with one winner travelling two-and-a-half hours from Stratford .
Organisers said : “ Despite small fields , we had really good racing .
“ The weather was perfect and everything in the most beautiful of settings .
“ Thank you to all the volunteers who made it possible .
“ See you next year . ”
• See our newspapers across Lincolnshire next week for more photos .
Tipoff : – 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
TV/radio : – Prime / 570-AM
Update : – The Clippers ( 34-21 ) return home after going 3-2 on a five-game trip . … They beat Utah 88-72 on Monday at Vivint Smart Home Arena . Blake Griffin posted 26 points , 10 rebounds and 6 assists . … The win came in a possible playoff preview . The Clippers moved a half-game ahead of the Jazz ( 34-22 ) for fourth in the West , with two more games between the sides remaining . … Griffin is averaging 24.3 points , 8.9 rebounds and 5.3 assists in nine games since undergoing knee surgery that kept him out of the lineup for most of January . … Atlanta is 32-23 after beating Portland in overtime Monday . The Hawks are tied for fourth in the Eastern Conference with Toronto , and 1.5 games behind Washington for the third seed . … All-Star Paul Millsap leads the Hawks with 18.1 points and 6.3 rebounds per game . … Dwight Howard averages 13.6 points and 12.9 rebounds . … The Clippers beat the Hawks 115-105 on Jan. 23 in Atlanta . Austin Rivers scored 27 points on 10-of-21 shooting . … Wednesday 's matchup is both teams ' last game before the All-Star break . … . Clippers center DeAndre Jordan is a first-time All-Star and will be the Clippers ' lone representative in New Orleans . In addition to the All-Star Game , he is among four players who will compete in the Slam Dunk Contest .
Contact the writer : boram @ scng.com
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo Meets with South-East Leaders over Igbo Quit Notice
Acting President Yemi Osinbajo on Wednesday met with South East Governors and other leaders of thought from the region and urged them not to be tempted into a tit-for-tat scenario amid hate speeches across the country . At the meeting which held at the old Banquet Hall , Presidential Villa , Abuja , Osinbajo urged the leaders to always [ … ]
The post Acting President Yemi Osinbajo Meets with South-East Leaders over Igbo Quit Notice appeared first on BellaNaija .
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON — The Pentagon official tells The Associated Press that transgender people can enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1 , despite President Donald Trump 's opposition .
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump 's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military . Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban .
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical , medical and mental conditions that make it possible , though difficult , for them to join the armed services .
Maj. David Eastburn says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles . The Department of Defence also is studying the issue .
Two women spoke out publicly on Monday , accusing actor Steven Seagal of sexually assaulting them when they were in their teens.The two women , Regina Simons and Faviola Dadis , gave their accounts of the alleged incidents during a news conference alongside their attorney , Lisa Bloom.Simons said she was cast as an extra on Seagal 's 1994 thriller `` On Deadly Ground . '' When the film was completed , she said the actor invited her to a wrap party at his house . She soon noticed she was the only one there.When she asked where everyone was , Seagal told her everyone left the party . It was then that he took her hand and led her into a room , she said . `` He closed the door and approached me from behind . He started kissing my neck and taking off my clothes . I was in shock , '' she said . `` Seagal was more than twice my size and twice my age . I was not sexually active or had ever been naked in front of a man before . `` She said he had sex with her while tears ran down her face . `` There was nothing consensual about this , '' she said.She said when he was done , he asked her if she needed any money . She told him `` no '' and ran for the door.Simons said he tried to contact her after the incident , but she did not speak with him or come forward with her story . She said she was too depressed and traumatized and has come forward now as an attempt to heal . `` I pray that my abuser can also heal . I want him to be aware ... and apologize , '' Simons said.Dadis said she was 17 years old when she was sexually assaulted in 2002 . As a model and vocalist at the time , she was introduced to Seagal for a recording project.Following two auditions , she said they were friends who spoke by text . Soon after , Dadis was invited to another audition for Seagal to `` evaluate '' her figure to see if she would be suitable for the role . `` He asked me to book a room myself at the W in Beverly Hills , and I explained that I did not have the funds to do so , and I did not feel comfortable doing this , and I suggested he should book the hotel himself , and he did , '' Dadis said.Seagal 's assistant asked her to wear a bikini or bra and panties underneath her clothes and said it 's standard procedure , so Dadis agreed.Once in the elevator , the assistant allegedly said , `` Steven 's word is as good as gold , '' and then left the two alone . Dadis said she was surprised but did not comment.While inside the room , Seagal asked Dadis to take off her clothes and do a catwalk across the room . `` I did so and Steven approached me and said that he would like to act out a romantic scene to get a sense of our chemistry . I felt uncomfortable , and I shyly expressed this , '' she said.Dadis detailed that Seagal ignored her wishes and slipped his hands inside her bikini and on private areas . `` Steven sat there calmly as if nothing had happened while I was visibly upset , '' Dadis said.She said his security guard blocked the doorway and only moved when Seagal signaled him to do so.Dadis said Seagal attempted to reach out to her after that night , but she did not respond . She said she did n't tell anyone about the incident for a month because she felt it was her fault . `` After many years , I 've finally reported this incident to the LAPD in hopes that my statement will provide support for other women , '' Dadis said.The Los Angeles Police Department confirms it has opened a criminal investigation into an alleged sexual assault by Seagal.Multiple actresses have accused Seagal of sexually harassing them . He has not commented on the accusations .
ANAHEIM , Calif. — General manager Billy Eppler rose from his seat in rapturous joy when he got the phone call telling him Shohei Ohtani wanted to join the Los Angeles Angels .
When Eppler attempted to sit back down , he missed his chair completely , sprawling onto the floor .
Ohtani has inspired strong reactions ever since the world became aware of the Japanese star 's formidable talent as both a pitcher and a hitter .
Now that the Angels have landed such a coveted prize , they ca n't wait to see who else he can knock over .
The Angels formally introduced Ohtani on Saturday , one day after the franchise won the baseball-wide competition for his services .
A lively crowd gathered in front of Angel Stadium cheered when Ohtani donned a red No . 17 jersey and hat on stage with team owner Arte Moreno , manager Mike Scioscia and Eppler .
Ohtani does n't speak much English yet , but he stepped to the podium and addressed the fans confidently : “ Hi . My name is Shohei Ohtani . ”
Ohtani already knows how to work a crowd , too : He had the perfect answer when asked whether he was more excited to get his first pitching victory or his first homer in the big leagues .
“ Hopefully , if I can pull it off , maybe both in one game , ” he said through a translator .
Ohtani 's grand experiment with the Angels is off to an entertaining start . The league-wide courtship ended Friday with his decision to join Mike Trout and Albert Pujols in Orange County .
The 23-year-old former Japanese MVP is attempting to become the majors ' most significant two-way player in several decades , and he will have every opportunity to fill two prominent roles with the Angels .
Ohtani is expected to join the Angels ' starting rotation next season , and he will be their designated hitter on many days when he is n't pitching , Scioscia said . Ohtani wo n't play in the outfield “ at the outset ” of his career , which likely includes at least his first season in Anaheim , Eppler said .
Ohtani 's decision was the culmination of years of hard work for the scouts and personnel executives led by Eppler , who has been travelling to Japan since 2013 to see Ohtani .
“ There was a wow factor to him , ” Eppler said . “ He was a little bit of a show-stopper . Big fastball . The ability to throw three off-speed pitches for strikes . And have the presence in the batter 's box that we gravitated to . He fits a lot of our offensive philosophy . ”
Although Eppler felt Ohtani would be an ideal fit with the Angels , he had no idea whether Ohtani would agree . Moreno led the Angels ' presentation to Ohtani on Monday after he selected them as one of seven finalists , and they waited nervously for four days before getting the news .
Ohtani did n't reveal all of his reasons for choosing the Angels over the Mariners , Rangers , Dodgers , Cubs , Yankees , Red Sox and every other club .
“ I just felt a strong connection with the Angels , ” Ohtani said through a translator .
That 's enough for the Angels , who believe they can provide every opportunity for Ohtani to cultivate the two-way skills that have inspired comparisons to a young Babe Ruth . The Angels believe Ohtani has the intensity and focus to do something unprecedented in recent baseball history .
“ This guy consumes all things baseball , ” Eppler said . “ There is not a lot else going on in his world but baseball ( and ) training . He does like to read a lot . ”
Eppler also described Ohtani as “ very humble , ” and compared his mental makeup to that of Trout , whose video phone call to recruit Ohtani apparently went quite well . Trout , on the East Coast for his wedding this weekend , called Eppler late Monday night after the meeting to ask : “ What 's he like ? What 's he like ? ”
“ He 's like you , ” Eppler replied . “ He 's simple , humble , and he wants to be great . ”
Ohtani took a moment during his news conference to send good wishes to the two-time MVP for his wedding .
And when asked why he had chosen No . 17 after wearing No . 11 in Japan , Ohtani quipped : “ I actually wanted No . 27 , but somebody else ( Trout ) was wearing that number . ”
About 200 media members were on hand for Ohtani 's arrival , including dozens from Japanese news outlets . Ohtani and the Angels realize his every move will be chronicled on a daily basis with likely the same fervour around Ichiro Suzuki and Hideki Matsui in their heyday , but judging by his confident performance in his first major appearance , it 's nothing Ohtani ca n't handle .
Ohtani 's performance on the field is more important , and the Angels expect him to be an immediate hit there as well . Angel Stadium 's team shop already was doing a brisk business selling large piles of Ohtani jerseys and T-shirts on his first full day with the club .
“ I think it 's going to be something very , very special for our fans , ” Scioscia said . “ Every player , to a man , is so excited about this acquisition . Our job is to see exactly how you get a multidimensional , two-way athlete like Shohei to bring his talent on the field often enough where he leads us to that championship . ”
——
More AP MLB : http : //www.apnews.com/tags/MLBbaseball
Kady Pietz has been approved as dean of Business Services at the Jefferson Davis Campus by the Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College Board of Trustees . Before joining Gulf Coast , Pietz , of Pass Christian , served as the director of Operations and Outreach at The University of Southern Mississippi on the Gulf Park Campus . She holds a master of science in Political Science with an emphasis in Public Administration and is currently pursuing a Ph.D. in Human Capital Development , both from USM .
She previously served as the executive director of Hancock County Court Appointed Special Advocate ( CASA ) program and as chief administrative officer of the Mississippi Automated Systems Project with USM . Pietz is active in the community and has previously held executive officer positions for National CASA Rural Advisory Board , Coast Young Professionals , CASA Mississippi , Southern Miss Staff Council , and Long Beach Grid Iron . She is a 2010 graduate of Leadership Gulf Coast and currently serves on the board of directors for the Gulfport Chamber of Commerce . In 2017 , she received an Award of Excellence for her leadership in the Southern Miss Jazz and Blues Festival and was also named a recipient of Coast Young Professional 's Forever Young award .
An avid golfer and New Orleans Saints season ticket holder , Pietz spends most of her personal time outdoors . She considers advocacy , volunteerism , and active mentorship the most significant contributions in her life for others .
OTTAWA — Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould has asked for an independent review of an extradition that resulted in Ottawa professor Hassan Diab spending three years in a French jail , only to be suddenly released .
The external review — which has not started — is in addition to an internal “ lessons learned ” examination already underway , a spokesman for Wilson-Raybould said Wednesday .
French authorities suspected Diab , 64 , was involved in the 1980 bombing of a Paris synagogue that killed four people and injured dozens of others , an accusation he has always denied .
The sociology professor and his supporters have been urging the federal government to hold a full public inquiry into the case and to reform the Extradition Act to ensure individual rights are respected .
In a letter Tuesday to Amnesty International Canada and the British Columbia Civil Liberties Association , Wilson-Raybould said Diab was afforded “ all of the procedural safeguards ” under the Extradition Act and that his charter rights were considered during Canadian court proceedings .
“ Nonetheless , due to the three-year-period that Dr. Diab spent in custody in France , I have been reflecting carefully on this case , ” said her letter , made available to the The Canadian Press by the two rights organizations .
“ As you know , Department of Justice Canada officials have undertaken a ‘ lessons learned ' review of the Diab extradition proceedings . I have also asked for an independent external review of this matter . ”
Josh Paterson , executive director of the B.C . association , said Wednesday he is seeking answers from the minister about the independent review , including whether the findings will be made public .
“ Who will be or has been appointed ? What is the scope of the review ? Will they have the power to require the department to co-operate with them ? ”
No other information was immediately available from Wilson-Raybould 's office .
The RCMP arrested Diab , a Canadian of Lebanese descent , in November 2008 in response to a request by France .
In June 2011 , Ontario Superior Court Justice Robert Maranger committed Diab for extradition despite acknowledging the case against him was weak .
The following year , then-justice minister Rob Nicholson signed an extradition order surrendering Diab to France .
The Ontario Court of Appeal upheld the decisions of the lower court and the minister , and the Supreme Court of Canada declined to review the matter .
Diab 's supporters have long argued he was in Beirut — not Paris — when the attack took place and that his fingerprints , palm prints , physical description and age did not match those of the suspect identified in 1980 .
In November 2014 , Diab was sent to France , where he was held in solitary confinement up to 22 hours a day .
In January , French judges dismissed the allegations against Diab and ordered his immediate release .
Diab is back in Canada with his wife and children . However , French prosecuting authorities have appealed his release , and a decision is expected July 6 .
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said she and the prime minister had advocated “ very energetically ” for Diab 's return to Canada .
“ I think that it is very important for there to be an external review of why he was sent from Canada in the first place and let me point out it was the previous Harper government which made those decisions . ”
— With a file from Terry Pedwell
— Follow @ JimBronskill on Twitter
Nancy Newman , 84 , a longtime resident of Fairfield , CT , died peacefully at her home on December 9 , 2017 . Nancy was married to the late Noel Newman for over 60 years .
A trailblazer in the field of early childhood education and counseling for parents , she touched the lives of thousands of children and families during her career . Her optimism in the face of adversity and her devotion to family , faith , and community left the world a better place .
Born and raised in New Haven , she was the daughter of the late Harry Wasserman and Leah ( Wasserman ) Ticotsky . After earning her degree in Early Childhood Education from Southern Connecticut State University , she earned a Master 's Degree in Counseling from Fairfield University . She also did extensive postgraduate coursework at Wheelock College and Bank Street School of Education .
Upon graduating from college in 1954 , she taught second grade in Newton , MA . Following the birth of her three children , she launched a 33-year career as the first Director of the Early Childhood Department of the Greater Bridgeport Jewish Community Center , including its nursery school , kindergarten and summer camp .
She developed parenting education forums and support groups , created two award winning intergenerational programs , and was honored by the Women 's Philanthropy of the United Jewish Appeal/Federation for her contributions to the community .
Newman was the beloved matriarch of an extended family , including her children and their spouses Jeffrey and Lisa Newman , Terry Newman and David Rubin , and Valerie Newman and Dave Woessner , and six grandchildren , Stephanie , Michael , Hannah , Leah , Ben , and Katie . She is also survived by her sister , June Fisk , of Dallas , and by her many nieces , nephews and other relatives .
Funeral services will be held at 11:00 a.m. on Tuesday , December 12 , at Congregation Beth El , 1200 Fairfield Woods Rd. , Fairfield , CT. Burial will follow at the Beth El Cemetery on Reid Street . The family will host a luncheon at Congregation Beth El following internment .
Shiva will be observed at 6:30 p.m. on Tuesday and Wednesday at the home of Jeff and Lisa Newman and on Thursday at 7:00 p.m. at the home of Terry Newman and David Rubin .
The family would like to express gratitude for the loving care provided by Millie , Erica , Jasmine , Gertha , and Jamie .
In lieu of flowers , memorial donations may be made to the Michael J . Fox Foundation , Hadassah , or Jewish Broadcasting Service ( JBS ) .
Kim Jong-Nam , the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un has been assassinated in Malaysia , South Korean media reported ( AFP Photo/JUNG Yeon-Je )
Seoul ( AFP ) - They used to call him the `` Little General '' but Kim Jong-Nam -- once heir-apparent to his father and North Korea 's then-leader Kim Jong-Il -- fell from grace in 2001 after a spectacular blunder .
On Tuesday , after more than a decade in exile from the North , Jong-Nam -- the 45-year-old half-brother of current leader Kim Jong-Un -- was widely reported by South Korean media to have been assassinated in Malaysia .
There has been no official confirmation .
Born from his father 's relationship with actress Sung Hae-rim , Jong-Nam is known to have been a computer enthusiast , a fluent Japanese speaker and a student in both Russia and Switzerland .
He lived in Pyongyang after finishing his overseas studies and was put in charge of overseeing North Korea 's information technology policy .
But the chubby eldest son of the supreme leader was already seen by Seoul experts as something of a political lightweight when in 2001 he fell out of favour .
He was embarrassingly detained at a Tokyo airport , trying to enter Japan to visit Disneyland on a false Dominican Republic passport , accompanied by two women and a child .
Jong-Nam and his family afterwards lived in virtual exile in Macau , Singapore and China .
Jong-Nam 's half-brother Jong-Un took over as North Korean leader when their father died in December 2011 .
In an email exchange with a Japanese journalist published in 2012 , Jong-Nam spoke disparagingly of Jong-Un , saying he lacked `` any sense of duty or seriousness '' and warned that bribery and corruption would lead to North Korea 's eventual collapse .
In another exchange with the same reporter in 2012 , Jong-Nam said : `` Anyone with normal thinking would find it difficult to tolerate three generations of hereditary succession . ''
In October 2012 South Korean prosecutors said a North Korean detained as a spy had admitted involvement in a plot to stage a hit-and-run car accident in China in 2010 targeting Jong-Nam .
In 2014 Jong-Nam was reported to be in Indonesia -- sighted at an Italian restaurant run by a Japanese businessman in Jakarta -- and was said to be shuttling back and forth between Singapore , Indonesia , Malaysia and France .
In 2012 a Moscow newspaper reported that Jong-Nam was having financial problems after being cut off by the Stalinist state for doubting its succession policy .
The Argumenty i Fakty weekly said he was kicked out of a luxury hotel in Macau over a $ 15,000 debt .
Jong-Nam 's son Kim Han-Sol studied at university in Paris . Back in 2012 , when at school in Bosnia , he labelled his uncle Kim Jong-Un a `` dictator '' in an interview .
`` My dad ( Jong-Nam ) was not really interested in politics , '' Kim told the interviewer when asked why his father was passed over for the dynastic succession in favour of his younger brother .
Big Data Gives Businesses the Nose for Smelling What 's Selling
As data starts to permeate every nook and cranny of the retail trade , an incredibly detailed picture of consumer habits is slowly building . Big data is becoming big business .
For a supermarket like Sainsbury 's , with data harvested from millions of customers and billions of transactions , this means an opportunity to differentiate .
Sainsbury 's has 16 % of the UK grocery market , according to recent figures from Kantar Worldwide , but it 's looking to data analytics to help it compete more strongly in an increasingly competitive space . According to Andrew Day , chief data officer at their newly established data analytics center of excellence ( DACE ) , improving customer satisfaction , increasing revenues and enthusing staff in-store are at the heart of the plan .
`` We have huge amounts of data so we felt we had to try and bring it to life , '' says Day . `` DACE is the result of that thinking and is a collection of highly skilled people in data management , visualization , reporting and solution finding . ''
DACE is asking big questions and seeing if the data can find solutions to problems . One of those is around stocking stores with products suited to specific demographics . Day admits that matching customers with products is a huge challenge , given the business has around 90,000 products across Sainsbury 's Group ; but data analytics helps to identify patterns , and react accordingly .
Another challenge is how to get the best out of the supply chain and logistics . Can data help create a plan which improves efficiency of supply and delivery , reducing costs and time ?
Day explains : `` The data is helping us look at the way we work with farmers , for example . Are we buying and growing the right crops ? The idea is to be efficient and sustainable from farm to fork , using data analytics to help us model scenarios with both suppliers and customers . ''
Previously this would have been done through intuition and experience , which perhaps was n't always accurate . Data analytics aims to minimize human error , or at least give humans a measure by which they can make more informed choices . An innovation team within DACE is also using data to help store colleagues by looking at the replenishment process , and how delivery lorries can have products stocked in the right order for each store . They are also looking at in-store equipment , using sensors to detect potential problems with freezers , enabling them to be repaired before they become an issue .
It 's in the intelligent use of data where DACE and businesses like Sainsbury 's can gain the biggest advantage . Analyzing huge quantities of data derived from transactions , loyalty cards and online shopping baskets can help improve the customer experience by offering products and services that are relevant . If you are vegetarian , for example , you should n't be getting emails about offers for pork chops or steak .
But perhaps the biggest challenge facing any data-driven business today is finding the right skills . The House of Commons ' science and technology committee - which last year warned that the skills gap costs the UK economy around £63bn a year in lost income - cautioned in a recent report that the UK government 's industrial strategy , released in January this year , does not go far enough in explaining how science and technology skills gaps will be addressed . We all know data skills are in short supply , so how do you fill roles and make sure you get the right people through the door ?
`` It 's a mixed approach , '' says Day . `` We train in-house but also recruit from academia . We do n't just want pure data scientists , we look for a mixed bag of skills which is reflected in the work we are trying to do . We call them humanalysts here . And there has to be on-going learning too . It 's important in this space . Data analytics is evolving quickly and we have to keep evolving with it . ''
To make a game-changing difference , to understand products and customers like never before and enrich both the shopping and working experience , you have to start acting and thinking differently . Decisions need to be based on data -- and the numbers do n't lie .
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Omisore Brings Joy to Hospital Patients , Orphanage Homes on New Year Day in Osun State
In line with his annual social intervention cause which started about 10 years ago , former Deputy Governor of Osun State , Senator Iyiola Omisore ( Phd ) FNSE , CON , early morning of January 1st , 2017 , brought unspeakable joy to hundreds of in-patients at the Obafemi Awolowo University Teaching Hospital ( OAUTH ) , Ife , and the children and care givers at the Covenant Orphanage & Welfare Centre in Moro village , Osun State .
Senator Omisore arrived the administrative block of the teaching hospital at exact 9:00am and was received by the top management and staff of the hospital led by the Chief Medical Director , Professor Victor Adetiloye . Others on hand to receive the special guest were the director of administration , Mrs Bola Alejo ; Professor of Plastic Surgery , Professor Kayode Olabanji ; director of finance Alhaji M.S . Ola Obaju ; head of nursing , Mr. J.B. Oni ; the hospital PRO , Mss Oluwakemi Fasoto ; head of Servicom ; Mr Tajudeen Balogun , and Dr. J.Olusanyan
Receiving the visitor , the CMD , Professor Adetiloye profusely thanked Senator Omisore for chosen to spend his first day every year with the patients of OAUTH , Ife and at orphanage homes . Adetiloye enumerated several intervention projects that Omisore has been doing to advance the hospital ; these he said includes , water projects , road construction , of new wards in the hospital .
“ Today as usual , Senator Omisore has brought salvation to many of our patients . As we stand here today , all the structures standing in the face 4 of our expansion program were all facilitated by our noble Senator Omisore . Through his support and other corporate organisations , we have developed the hospital to an international standard . Our quality of service is equal to none in West Africa . We receive patients from across Nigeria . We have experts in all fields in medical practice ; and we perform rare feats because we operate at a global standard . Despite that , our services remain the cheapest ; we charge at an affordable level , but even at that , many patients can not still afford to pay .
“ Though it is a Federal Government institution , government can not do it alone . It is from the little we charge that we cover our administrative expenses . If not for such support we receive from people like Senator Omisore , we might not have been able to develop our services to this enviable level . Here we have been able to perform open-heart surgery on 14 patients . We are known worldwide for renal transplantation ; our doctors are renowned all over the world , Professor Adetiloye exudes .
Commending Omisore , Professor Adetiloye emphasised thus “ for coming every year to bring relieve to our poor patients , you have headed a call from God to help the needy . We want to appeal to other leaders in our society to emulate such a noble gesture of Senator Iyiola Omisore at giving back and creating values to their communities ” , the Chief Medical Director pleaded .
He then led the visitor and his entourage on tour of each and every ward in the massive hospital where Omisore met , prayed , inspired the patients and handed each of them a goodie pack containing valuable items . He rounded off the visit at the detaining patients section where poor patients that have been discharged for as long as 8 months were detained due to their inability to pay their huge medical bills .
Senator Omisore sat with the hapless patients ; inquired from them what led to their incapacitation . He immediately ordered their release and paid up the outstanding debts to the admiration of everybody . This gesture brought tears of joy to some of the detained patients some of whom came from the Southern and Northern parts of the country .
Omisore and his large convoy drove straight to the Covenant Orphanage & Welfare Centre in Moro ward , another community within the state . He was received with appreciative songs by the inmates and care giver at the home . Omisore sang with them , danced with them , prayed for them , and presented several packs of packaged food items that includes bags of 50kgs rice , indomie noodles , gallons of oil , bags of beans , cartons of tin milk , beverages etc .
He appealed to Nigerians to be their brother 's keeper . “ You do n't have to be rich to help others in need . A little assist will go a long way in the life of a needy . At the hospital , both the in-patients and the detained patients always wait for me to come and bail them out on January 1st of every year ; and I am always happy to bring that relief to them . I pray for God 's grace to continue ” , Otunba Iyiola Omisore concluded .
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FOXBOROUGH , Mass . — Teal Bunbury scored on a penalty kick in the 88th minute as the New England Revolution tied Atlanta United 1-1 on Wednesday night .
New England ( 5-4-4 ) has one win in its last five games — with two straight draws . Atlanta ( 8-3-2 ) had won four straight on the road .
Krisztian Nemeth drew the late foul in the corner of the penalty box after capitalizing on a defensive turnover . Atlanta goalkeeper Brad Guzan chose the right direction but Bunbury found the upper-right corner . Guzan was given a yellow card for kicking the ball into the stands after the goal .
Josef Martinez opened the scoring for Atlanta in the 23rd minute by redirecting Julian Gressel 's cross . It was Martinez 's league-leading ninth goal of the season .
New England goalkeeper Matt Turner kept the Revs within reach by denying Ezequiel Barco 's point-blank attempt in the 82nd .
___
2 big insurance breakups on Valentine 's Day
Cigna says it is ending Anthem 's proposed , $ 48-billion acquisition bid and seeking billions in damages from the Blue Cross-Blue Shield insurer . The announcement comes hours after another major insurer , Aetna Inc. , said it was abandoning its planned , $ 34-billion purchase of Medicare Advantage provider Humana Inc .
___
Yellen : Expect Fed to resume raising rates in coming months
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen pointed Tuesday to a solid U.S. job market and economy and suggested that the Fed will resume raising interest rates in the next few months . But with many uncertainties surrounding President Donald Trump 's proposals , Yellen said the Fed still wants to keep assessing the economy .
___
Jumping bank stocks push US indexes higher ; bond yields rise
NEW YORK ( AP ) — U.S. stock indexes climbed further into record territory , led by a push higher for banks . Bond yields rose after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said the central bank is still on track to raise interest rates gradually .
___
With Trump 's win in China , will Trump toilets get flushed ?
SHANGHAI ( AP ) — China is expected to give President Trump valuable rights to his brand for construction services this week . Chinese authorities denied him that benefit for a decade , but after Trump declared his candidacy his fortunes changed . Ethics lawyers say Trump 's foreign trademarks are a conflict of interest that may violate the Constitution . Meanwhile , makers of Trump-brand luxury toilets in Shenzhen are contemplating a new legal adversary : the president of the United States .
___
Jumping bank stocks push US indexes higher ; bond yields rise
NEW YORK ( AP ) — U.S. stock indexes climbed further into record territory , led by a push higher for banks . Bond yields rose after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said the central bank is still on track to raise interest rates gradually .
___
Leaders of American Airlines pilots ' union blast CEO
DALLAS ( AP ) — Support from labor unions was critical when Doug Parker 's US Airways forced a merger with American , but now the CEO of the world 's biggest airline is under fire from unions unhappy about pay that lags rates at rival Delta . Leaders of the pilots ' union say they have lost confidence in the ability of Parker and senior executives to lead the airline . Flight attendants picketed Tuesday at company headquarters and three big airports .
___
US says canceled flights declining , fewer bags getting lost
The government says airlines are getting better at avoiding canceled flights , losing bags and bumping passengers . The Transportation Department also says 2016 was one of the best years for on-time arrivals .
___
Buffett 's firm invests heavily in Apple , airline stocks
OMAHA , Neb . ( AP ) — Warren Buffett 's company nearly quadrupled its investment in Apple to over 57 million shares during the last three months of last year . Berkshire Hathaway Inc. filed a quarterly update on its U.S. stock portfolio with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday .
___
Judge gives OK to deal for smaller set of cheating VWs
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) — A judge in San Francisco granted initial approval to a deal worth at least $ 1.2 billion that aims to compensate owners of roughly 78,000 Volkswagens with 3-liter engines that were rigged to cheat on emissions tests . The company previously agreed to spend up to $ 10 billion buying back or repairing Volkswagens and Audis with 2-liter diesel engines . U.S. District Judge Charles Breyer congratulated attorneys on both sides before granting preliminary approval to the smaller deal on Tuesday
___
Merck Alzheimer 's drug fails in 1 study ; another continues
Merck & Co. says it will stop its study of an experimental Alzheimer 's drug in people with mild or moderate symptoms because interim results showed `` virtually no chance '' of any benefit
___
PSA Group exploring takeover of GM 's European unit Opel
FRANKFURT , Germany ( AP ) — France 's PSA Group , maker of Peugeot and Citroen cars , says it 's exploring `` a potential acquisition '' of Opel , the money-losing European business of General Motors Co. PSA Group and GM are already involved in several joint projects in Europe .
___
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 92.25 points , or 0.5 percent , to 20,504.41 . The Standard & Poor 's 500 index rose 9.33 points , or 0.4 percent , to 2,337.58 for its sixth straight day of gains . The Nasdaq composite rose 18.62 , or 0.3 percent , to 5,782.57 .
Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 27 cents to settle at $ 53.20 per barrel . Brent crude , the international standard , rose 38 cents to $ 55.97 a gallon in London . Natural gas fell 4 cents to $ 2.91 per 1,000 cubic feet , heating oil rose a penny to $ 1.64 per gallon and wholesale gasoline was close to flat at $ 1.55 a gallon .
The head of the world 's biggest automaker Volkswagen has issued an unprecedented call to end tax breaks for diesel fuel in Germany , saying the technology must make way for cleaner ways of getting around .
`` I 'm convinced that we need to question the sense and purpose of these diesel subsidies , '' Matthias Müller told business daily Handelsblatt Sunday .
`` We could more usefully invest the money in environmentally friendly propulsion . ''
German carmakers like BMW , Mercedes-Benz and Volkswagen -- with its 12 brands ranging from Audi and Porsche to Skoda and Seat -- bet big on diesel in the 1990s , hoping to lower carbon dioxide output compared with petrol and meet greenhouse emissions targets .
They were supported by European governments offering tax breaks on the fuel , which last year amounted to some 7.8 billion euros ( US $ 9.2 billion ) in Germany according to the country 's federal environment agency ( UBA ) .
But politics and industry have gradually changed their tune over the past two years , owing in part to VW 's 2015 admission that it cheated regulatory tests on 11 million cars worldwide to make them appear to emit fewer harmful nitrogen oxides .
Faced with the prospect of their vehicles being banned from parts of some cities , carmakers have vowed to upgrade older vehicles and offer more battery-electric and hybrid options to consumers .
In recent months , firms like VW , Ford and BMW have offered drivers discounts to trade in older diesels for cars with the latest , less-polluting motors .
Meanwhile , September 's biennial International Auto Show ( IAA ) in Frankfurt brought promises of flotillas of new electric and hybrid models by the mid-2020s from all Germany 's biggest names .
Volkswagen alone plans to splash out 34 billion euros by 2022 on developing electric vehicles , saying its entire range will be electric or hybrid by 2030 .
Copyright Agence France-Presse , 2017
TUSTIN , Calif. — Robert L. McKay , who designed the first Taco Bell restaurant and with founder Glen Bell turned it from a quirky food stand into a fast-food empire , has died .
McKay , 86 , died last week from cancer in Orange County , California , said his son Rob McKay .
Bell opened his first Taco Bell in Downey , California , in 1962 , selling hard-shell tacos and other Mexican-inspired fast food . McKay , an architect , designed the Spanish-style arched and tiled building that became the chain 's signature look .
Intrigued by the fast-food concept , McKay closed his architectural firm and joined Taco Bell , eventually becoming president .
He helped familiarize American consumers with then-exotic Mexican dishes like tacos and burritos by introducing menus with phonetic pronunciations of food items and descriptions of each product 's ingredients .
McKay embraced the concept of franchising , which led to rapid expansion of the company .
Taco Bell had around 900 restaurants when it was sold to PepsiCo in 1978 for $ 125 million in stock .
“ Still today , Taco Bell 's architecture of the 60 's and 70 's remains as one of the most recognizable and iconic designs of the era , ” Taco Bell said in a statement Friday . “ Not only did McKay play a significant role in the exterior look and feel of Taco Bell , his work as a close friend to Glen and eventual company president helped drive much of the growth and success of the global brand we know today . ”
After retiring from Taco Bell in the early 1980s , McKay went on to finance other businesses that invested in technology , consumer products , real estate and banking , his family said .
McKay is survived by his wife , Meagan ; his sons , Rob and John ; and five grandchildren .
Vera Kay and Henry Johnson of Watertown and Tom and Erin Harvey of Lead would like to announce the engagement of their daughter , Paige Shroll …
General Atomics confirmed Monday that it has been awarded a contract for the Advanced Arresting Gear – the device that helps stop aircraft when they land on an aircraft carrier – for the future Gerald R. Ford-class carrier , the USS Enterprise .
CHICAGO ( AP ) — Workers at Chicago hotels now have `` panic buttons '' to summon help if needed .
An ordinance that took effect this week requires hotels to provide the buttons . They 're intended to protect housekeeping staff and others who work alone in guest rooms from sexual harassment and other crimes .
A survey of 500 workers conducted by Unite Here Local 1 found 58 percent reported they 've experienced at least one incident of sexual harassment by guests . The most common was guests answering their door naked .
The buttons trigger a message to the cellphone of the employee 's supervisor , manager and human resources department and provide the employee 's name and location .
Karen Kent is president of Unite Here Local 1 . She says it 's `` a new day for women working in Chicago hotels . ''
White House now a crime scene
The American White House , the seat of power , which was revered as a symbol of leadership , democracy and power was now being regarded as a scene of crime .
It is today been described as a “ crime scene ” following revelations the probe into Russia 's interference in the US election has been widened to include allegations President Donald Trump attempted to obstruct justice .
American political commentator Seth Abramson said Special Counsel Robert Mueller — who is investigating the alleged Russian interference in the election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign — was “ focusing on crimes that occurred in the White House ” .
“ The White House is now a crime scene , ” Mr Abramson posted on Twitter .
In a pivotal shift in the investigation that has riveted Americans like no other for decades , senior intelligence officials have agreed to be interviewed by investigators working for Mr Muller , according to The Washington Post .
The newspaper reported on Wednesday that director of national intelligence Dan Coats , head of the National Security Agency Mike Rogers , and former deputy director at the NSA Richard Ledgett , had agreed to be interviewed by Mr Mueller 's investigators as early as this week .
The move to investigate the US President comes after Mr Trump fired FBI director James Comey on May 9 , according to the The Post .
Mr Comey told Congress last week he believed he was fired by Mr Trump to undermine the agency 's Russia probe .
An event reportedly of particular interest to Mr Mueller is an exchange on March 22 , when Mr Coats told associates that Mr Trump had asked him to intervene with Mr Comey to get him to back off the president 's former national security adviser Mike Flynn as part of the FBI probe into the Russia affair .
The post White House now a crime scene appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
RIVERDALE , N.Y. — Rich Williams scored 16 points and had a career-high eight assists to lead Manhattan to an 80-66 victory over Morgan State on Saturday night .
Williams was 7 of 13 from the floor . Zavier Turner added 13 points and Zane Waterman had 12 for Manhattan ( 4-5 ) , which has won two of its last three since snapping a four-game losing streak .
Martez Cameron scored 16 points to lead Morgan State ( 4-6 ) , which has lost four straight . LaPri McCray-Pace added 12 points and Antonio Gillespie had 11 .
The Jaspers had a double-digit lead midway through the first half and built a 46-32 halftime lead . Gillespie 's jumper and 3-pointer pulled the Bears to 58-48 with 10:26 to play but they did n't get closer .
Manhattan shot 54 per cent from the field but missed 14 3-pointers and 12 free throws .
It 's a FREE weekly e-newsletter all about food . Sign Up Today !
Want to share a recipe ?
We are always looking for more recipes to add to our site .
Eld-m vs Eld-x accuracy comparison Hey , I 'll try to post some pics of my results with the eld-m vs the eld-x . The eld-m was the hands down winner . 4 shot group sizes ranged from .398-.940 with eld-m. From .698 to ~2 '' with eld-x . I tried a couple powders and seating depths with eld-x and could n't get them to shoot consistently . Gun was a Browning X-Bolt 7mag . All other conditions were the same . Powder was RL23 . Hope this helps someone ! Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
MINEOLA , N.Y. ( CBSNewYork ) – As Election Day approaches , some in Nassau County claim there 's an effort to fool voters .
As CBS2 's Jennifer McLogan reported , the charge is that incumbents are leaving people in the dark by tucking controversial fees into their budget .
Voters want to know whether a fake budget will be passed in this election year – one that fails to include enough revenue to cover the spending that lawmakers approve .
“ I want honesty from my elected officials . That 's why we put them there , ” one man said .
“ What are your plans for the budget ? ” a woman asked .
“ It 's been a snake pit as far as Nassau County politics has been lately , ” another added .
County Executive Ed Mangano , who denies corruption charges , is not seeking reelection . His $ 3 billion budget includes proposals to raise $ 60 million by hiking the highly unpopular traffic , parking and red light camera fees , along with controversial real estate transaction fees , McLogan reported .
“ Everybody 's afraid to take a stand one way or the other , ” a woman said .
“ Nobody 's getting anything done . Polarization , ” a man added .
“ Citizens have to advocate for themselves and push elected officials , ” another woman said .
Voters say either cut spending or admit to raising taxes .
Every Nassau County legislator is up for reelection . Will the Republicans , who hold the majority , go along with their lame duck leader or play dodgeball , as they did two years ago , and table the decision on fees until after November votes are cast – and then hike them ?
“ We are skeptical of the fees in the budget and are looking at alternative revenue sources , ” a spokesperson for the Nassau County Republican legislators said .
The Democrats pounced .
“ Rest assured that there are votes within the Democratic Caucus that are going to be voting against this fee package , ” Nassau County Minority Leader Kevan Abrahams said .
At the same time , they plan to reintroduce a bill they claim would ban the so-called bait and switch .
Candidates for county executive say it 's a big deal .
“ Voters deserve to know how their legislators are going to vote on this budget before the election . We are talking about restoring accountability and transparency to government , ” Democrat Laura Curran said .
“ My message to legislators is had the courage of your convictions , get rid of those fee increases . Because there 's no place for them there . We 're already the highest feed county in the entire state , ” said Republican Jack Martins .
Voters McLogan spoke with said they want a pledge from their candidates before Election Day – Will they balance the budget without backdoor fees ?
Public hearings on the budget are scheduled for October 20 and October 30 . The latter is the day the legislators are to vote .
# BBNaija : Alex reveals why she will choose to date Leo instead of Tobi
Alex has revealed that she would prefer to date her first strategic partner Leo , over Tobi .
Alex , who was paired with Leo and Tobi in the just concluded reality show , said she prefers Leo because she loves everything about him .
She said although Tobi is a very caring person , she will sadly pick Leo over him .
” I can not explain what it is about Leo that I love but I know I love everything about him .
” Tobi is a caring person , he can go all out to do anything as long as he likes you , he is a really nice person .
” There is a lot I like about the both of them but if I am to pick between Leo and Tobi , sadly I will pick Leo over Tobi ” .
She said this in an interview with Africa Magic TV before leaving South Africa .
We can only hope that now that they are back in Nigeria and upon seeing the massive love Tobi 's family and fans are showing her , things has already changed from her end…LOL !
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post # BBNaija : Alex reveals why she will choose to date Leo instead of Tobi appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Nestle to reduce products pack weight by 13 % , salt 22 %
By Franklin Alli
NESTLE Central and West Africa ( CWAR ) has unfolded plans to reduce the weight of its products packaging by 13 percent in 2020 . The company is also reducing the salt content in its Maggi tablets and cubes in the region by 22 percent over the targeted period .
Dominique Allier , Business Executive Officer Culinary for CWAR , disclosed this during the Nutrition Forum in Dakar , attended by stakeholders from across West and Central Africa . He said , “ Nestle is committed to creating more value for the society and the environment by reducing the weight of our Maggi wrappers by 13 percent in the region , which will represent around 300 ton reductions of packaging material by 2020 .
Nestle is also continuing to lower salt in Maggi range . This will help people in their efforts towards reducing their salt intake and meeting WHO recommendations on reducing risks associated with high blood pressure . ”
On local sourcing of raw materials , he said : “ The Company will enroll 30,000 cassava and soya farmers in its training program and enable the local sourcing of 100 percent of its soya beans and cassava flour . ”
The post Nestle to reduce products pack weight by 13 % , salt 22 % appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MUSIC : Deon – Whyne Fi Di Base
Deon is here with his first single of the year “ Whyne Fi Di Base ” . This is some major heat for the summer and is a club banger all round . Deon has been making waves since competing in the recent MTV Base VJ Search Nigeria competition and finishing in the top 5 !
https : //www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/DEON-WHYNE-FI-DI-BASE.mp3
Note : There is a file embedded within this post , please visit this post to download the file .
The post MUSIC : Deon – Whyne Fi Di Base appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
If it had n't been for Kerry Packer , World Series Cricket and the smartphone , England 's Ben Stokes might well be out in Australia defending the Ashes , this winter , rather than waiting at home to see if he 'll be charged with actual bodily harm , after that brawl in Bristol , last September .
Crispin Andrews is a freelance cricket expert who writes for the Cricketer , Cricinfo , Inside Cricket and the Nightwatchman .
World Series Cricket began , forty years ago , this December . Australian media tycoon , Packer , was refused international broadcast rights by the Australian Cricket Board , so he signed up the world 's best players on lucrative contracts and put on his own contests.Two years later , the ACB gave Packer his TV deal and the players returned to their international sides .
Before World Series Cricket , international cricketers were paid peanuts . Ever since , cricket boards have been increasingly aware that if they do n't pay their best players what the players think they 're worth ; someone else will , these days most probably a T20 franchise .
To raise money to pay their stars , and of course their own salaries , cricket board executives turn to corporate sponsors . ECB made £1.1bn from their last TV deal alone .
Corporates sponsor cricket teams because they think it will help them sell more of whatever they sell . They like their chosen teams to be full of well spoken , nicely turned out lads . The sort the company CEO might hire as an office junior , or even invite home to meet his or her , daughter .
What the corporates do n't want are charismatic , colourful types who ca n't be trusted to say the right things at the right time . People like Kevin Pietersen , and Tony Greig , who in 1976 , on national TV , announced that he 'd make the West Indies grovel . Imagine the outrage if the England captain said that today . The ECB 's corporate benefactors would be queuing up to sponsor tennis .
And now an England cricketer gets filmed fighting in the streets and the footage ends up in the national newspapers . Even if the ECB wanted to be lenient to England 's star player , there 's no way the corporates are going to have that sort of thing associated with their brand .
Stokes has nothing to complain about , whoever started the fight , and for whatever reasons . He is an England cricketer , well aware of the standards of behaviour his employers expect , of what is likely to happen to transgressors . He was also happy , no doubt , to pick up the sort of salary that would n't be possible if ECB did n't dip into the corporate wallet .
Before Packer , in the days before smartphones with cameras , players could get away with the odd boozed-up barny .
Ian Chappell got into a barroom fight with a young Ian Botham before the 1977 Centenary Test . A few months later , Botham was making his Test debut and Chappell captaining Kerry Packer 's WSC Australian team . Christmas 1980 and Botham , allegedly , got involved in a brawl in a Scunthorpe nightclub . But whilst the bow-ties at Lord 's might have raised a disapproving pink gin or three ; Botham was still England captain when the team set out for the West Indies a few months later .
Back then , though , there were no corporate bigwigs casting judgements about the type of chap they wanted associated with their brand .
It 's not all bad change for Stokes . Suspended on full pay since the incident , he has probably earned more in the last few weeks than he would have , in an entire career , if he 'd had played during those more lenient , pre-Packer days .
Jesuit 's Bible guide can benefit both individuals , study groups Catholic News Service
By Mitch Finley
In the 50-plus years since the publication of the Second Vatican Council 's Dogmatic Constitution on Divine Revelation ( “ Dei Verbum , ” Nov. 18 , 1965 ) , Scripture has become a more prominent part of Catholic life , and more Catholics pray with Scripture and participate in parish Bible study programs . But it 's probably fair to say that there is still plenty of room for improvement in this regard .
A book such as this one is welcome , especially because it is designed for both individual and group use . You do n't need to join a Bible study class to benefit from this book ; you can go through it on your own .
This volume , on salvation , is the latest in Jesuit Father Mitch Pacwa 's theme-based Bible study guide for Catholics . Earlier volumes focused on St. Paul , faith , the Eucharist , Mary , mercy and the Holy Spirit . This approach has the great advantage of helping Catholics to see the intimate connections between Scripture and various aspects of Catholic life and faith . Father Pacwa organizes his material into six “ sessions ” that examine the theme of salvation from six complementary scriptural perspectives , e.g . “ The Role of Baptism and the Eucharist in Salvation ” and “ The Necessity of a Christian Spiritual Life for Salvation . ”
If some approaches to Bible study , particularly in groups , have a weakness , it 's the tendency to have everyone read a scriptural passage and then simply invite each participant to share with the group what he or she thinks that passage means with no input from a resource with some scholarly and/or ecclesial authority . Father Pacwa 's book provides this kind of input because he has academic credentials to support his commentaries . Additionally , he writes with a lively style . Each session includes quotations and other insights from various Catholic sources . At the same time , Father Pacwa gives participants using the book numerous opportunities to share their own reflections and insights .
If there is one characteristic of this book this reviewer finds perplexing it 's Father Pacwa 's choice to use three different translations of the Bible : the Catholic edition of the Revised Standard Version , the Revised Standard Version — Second Catholic Edition , and the New American Bible , Revised Edition . Yes , looking at various Bible translations can shed light on a given passage or word as translated from the original Greek or Hebrew . But for study purposes , limiting one 's attention to one translation or , indeed , one edition — such as the admirable Catholic Study Bible edition of the official American Catholic New American Bible , Revised Edition , is likely to short-circuit unnecessary debates about which translation is “ best . ”
Regardless , however , “ Saved ” is a fine Bible study resource and one that deserves a high recommendation .
Finley is the author of more than 30 books on Catholic themes , including “ What Faith is Not ” ( Sheed & Ward ) and an updated edition of “ The Rosary Handbook : A Guide for Newcomers , Old-Timers , and Those In Between ” ( Word Among Us Press ) .
* * *
Osun west by-election : Adeleke , Hussein , Falade pick PDP , APC , SDP tickets respectively
By Gbenga Olarinoye
Osogbo—Candidates for three political parties that will participate in the Osun West senatorial by-election scheduled for July 8 , 2017 have emerged .
The seat became vacant following the death of Senator Isiaka Adeleke on April 23 , 2017 .
A former member of the House of Representatives , Hon . Bade Falade yesterday picked the ticket of the Social Democratic Party , SDP , in the primary election ahead of the July 8 Osun West senatorial district by-election .
Hon . Falade emerged the winner at a primary conducted in Iwo , Iwo Local Government Area of Osun State , where he polled 15 votes to beat his challenger , Rasheed Adeyemo , who polled 12 votes . Chairman of the election committee , Chief Dada , who announced the results said 28 delegates took part in the process .
Meanwhile , There was wild jubilation at the Osun West senatorial headquarters in Iwo when the younger brother of late Senator Isiaka Adeleke , Otunba Ademola Adeleke picked the ticket to contest for the vacant seat on the platform of Peoples Democratic Party , PDP .
Adeleke 's emergence became possible when two other contestants for the ticket , Senator Akinlabi Olasunkanmi and Mr. Olayiwola Falabi stepped down for him .
Otunba Adeleke had earlier been screened and given clearance by the Progressives Congress screening and election committee while senator Mudashiru Hussein , who is the preferred candidate of Governor Aregbesola was disqualified .
The national working committee of the party , however upturned the report of the appeal committee which equally sustained the disqualification of Senator Mudashiru Hussein .
Hussein also clinched the ticket under the APC at the primary held in Osogbo .
The upturn of the decision of the screening and appeal committee by the NWC of the party gave Adeleke the suspicion that the primary might not be credible and transparent .
The post Osun west by-election : Adeleke , Hussein , Falade pick PDP , APC , SDP tickets respectively appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Wassail , an old English toast to good health and good times , reflects the character of Rohan Meadery .
“ Our business is built on a hobby that got out of hand , ” John Rohan , owner , said laughing . “ We wanted to share our passion with other people . ”
The couple enjoyed exploring the nuances of different mead makers around the country .
“ The timing just seemed to be right , ” Wendy said . “ Mead , the oldest fermented beverage known to man , just seemed to be a natural fit with the slow food movement . ”
They discovered they preferred the Czech-German style of mead , which is fermented in a manner similar to wine , drier than most styles and is relatively unique in the marketplace—and it just happens to reflect the heritage of the Roundtopolis™ .
“ We make 14 styles of mead , and have eight available at any given time depending on the season and fruit availability , ” John said . “ Seasonal availability is also a marketing advantage because people have a reason to come back to get their favorites . ”
The farm-based meadery 's rural Fayette location turned out to be ideal .
“ It 's in the middle of nowhere—and the middle of everywhere , ” John said , noting that families or friends who live in Austin and Houston often split the difference by meeting at Blissful Folly Farm .
The adults while away afternoons at picnic tables under the covered pavilion while the kids run and play on the farm . The lucky ones get to help gather eggs or do some other farm chore . “ I looked at our Instagram account , and all of the pictures are of the sheep , the sheep dogs , the guineas or the chickens , ” John said . “ There 's not a glass of wine to be found , unless it just happens to be behind a chicken . ”
While the Rohans are dedicated to producing top-quality fermented bevera ges , they are equally committed to creating a memorable , family-friendly atmosphere that allows people to experience the beauty of nature and get a taste of life on a small farm .
“ We 're a farm winery , so we 're never going to be pretentious , ” Wendy said . “ We spend our money on equipment and ingredients not on crystal goblets and polished brass . We may have weedy grass , but we 're busy making the best mead possible . ”
The Buzz on Honey
Honey is crucial to mead production because it not only provides sugar for fermentation but adds distinct flavor . “ Mead 's terroir—it 's sense of place—comes from the honey , which reflects the flowers the bees feed on and the soil that sustains those plants , ” John said . At Rohan Meadery they use Texas-produced wildflower honey .
“ There are a lot of weird imports , ” Wendy said .
For instance , she said , the Chinese are inoculating their bees with growth hormones to stimulate honey production , and they also export ultra-filtered products , which removes all traces of pollen and the only clues as to the honey 's origin . In some cases , the imported product is not actually honey but a man-made substitute .
“ Honey is too important to what we do to take any chances , so we depend on regional sources we can trust , ” Wendy said .
Blissful Folly Farm is home to only 20 hives that the family tends themselves . They also purchase honey from the Reed family of Montgomery , Texas , who operate BeeWilde Bee & Honey Farm and manage about 3,000 hives . The Rohans use wildflower honey , which is gathered in the fall and is dark with complex flavors , to make their beverages .
“ Our mead will always be small batch because of the honey supply , ” John said .
The Rohans currently make 14 styles of mead . At any given time , eight are available depending on season and fruit availability . A tasting flight that offers five samples of in-stock meads , wines or ciders is available for $ 5 . Products can be purchased on site from a limited number of Central Texas retailers and online , which can be shipped anywhere in state .
Cotton candy machines serve new purpose Scientists discover new and innovative ways to create artificial organs using cotton candy machines . Contact Editor Arutz Sheva Staff ,
Thinkstock Research ( illustrative )
MONTREAL — A complaint has been filed with the Canadian Broadcast Standards Council after the host of a Quebec radio show likened singer and entertainer Gregory Charles to fecal matter .
Jose Gaudet made the on-air comment May 17 as he was telling the story of a British Columbia woman who was caught on video that appeared to show her defecating in a Tim Hortons before then throwing her feces at staff .
Gaudet apologized the day after .
But Radio-Canada says activist Will Prosper filed a complaint with the broadcast standards regulator because he believes the original comment contributes to a feeling of exclusion amiong members of the black community .
Prosper wants Gaudet to publicly apologize to Charles and to the black community .
DeepMind , the Google sibling focusing on artificial intelligence , has announced the launch of an `` ethics and society '' unit to study the impact of new technologies on society .
The announcement by the London-based group acquired by Google parent Alphabet is the latest effort in the tech sector to ease concerns that robotics and artificial intelligence will veer out of human control .
`` As scientists developing AI technologies , we have a responsibility to conduct and support open research and investigation into the wider implications of our work , '' said a blog post announcing the launch Tuesday by DeepMind 's Verity Harding and Sean Legassick .
`` At DeepMind , we start from the premise that all AI applications should remain under meaningful human control , and be used for socially beneficial purposes . Understanding what this means in practice requires rigorous scientific inquiry into the most sensitive challenges we face . ''
The post said the focus would be on ensuring `` truly beneficial and responsible '' uses for artificial intelligence .
`` If AI technologies are to serve society , they must be shaped by society 's priorities and concerns , '' they wrote .
Google and DeepMind are members of an industry-founded Partnership of AI to Benefit People and Society which includes Facebook , Amazon , Microsoft and other tech firms .
DeepMind , acquired by Google in 2014 , gained notoriety for becoming the first machine to beat a grandmaster in the Asian board game Go last year .
Copyright Agence France-Presse , 2017
WASHINGTON — Kellan Grady scored 23 points on 10 of 16 shooting , leading four into double-figure scoring and Davidson walloped George Washington 87-58 on Saturday , winning seven of its last nine .
Grady and Jon Axel Gudmundsson each pulled down eight rebounds as the Wildcats controlled the boards , 38-26 . Davidson shot 49 per cent from the floor ( 30 of 61 ) , including 13 of 29 from behind the 3-point arc . Peyton Aldridge and KiShawn Pritchett each made a trio of 3-pointers and scored 13 and 11 points , respectively . Oskar Michelsen added 15 points , making 8 of 9 at the line .
Davidson ( 12-9 , 7-3 Atlantic 10 Conference ) had a five-game win streak interrupted by consecutive losses to Dayton and Richmond but , winning its last two , is alone in second place after Richmond was upset by George Mason .
Yuta Watanabe led George Washington ( 9-14 , 2-8 ) with 20 points , the only of the Colonials to score more than seven .
The Wildcats led 41-29 at the half , but made six of their first seven shots to open the second half , stretching the lead to 56-33 and they kept going , outscoring the Colonials 46-29 over the final 20 minutes .
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News , CBS This Morning , Dr. Phil , Judge Judy , 60 Minutes , NFL football , and your favorite CBS shows . Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony 's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [ … ]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state 's most trusted sources for news and information . As a market leading news resource since 1967 , WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [ … ]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country . For 50 years , 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area . Famous [ … ]
WFANAs the world 's first 24-hour all-sports radio station , WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business . Since its debut on July 1 , 1987 , dozens of stations have copied the all sports format , [ … ]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group , a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country . Got a nose for [ … ]
TEGUCIGALPA , Honduras — Honduras ' electoral court finished a hand recount of votes in nearly 5,000 ballot boxes Sunday , saying results were “ extremely consistent ” with original data for the presidential election two weeks earlier despite delays , irregularities and allegations of fraud levelled by the main opposition candidate challenging President Juan Orlando Hernandez .
Court president David Matamoros said the recount of less than one-third of the total number of boxes showed that tallies done at polling stations were well-executed . He said later that the court was now proceeding to the phase of considering electoral challenges , some 150 of which it had received .
The court published what it called a final count Sunday night , showing 43 per cent for Hernandez and 41.4 per cent for challenger Salvador Nasralla , virtually identical to the pre-recount tally .
The court still did not declare a winner , however . It has 30 days from the contest to do so , potentially placing an announcement during the holiday season .
Nasralla has demanded a full recount and refused to recognize the results , calling them fraudulent . His alliance called for a nationwide strike Monday , including blockades of the country 's main highways .
“ The action is due to the fact that we do not accept the results of the elections , ” party leader Juan Barahona said .
Thousands of Nasralla supporters protested in multiple cities .
“ They have stolen the votes from us , ” Nasralla said at a march in the capital that ended in a three-hour demonstration outside the U.S. Embassy . “ This country will be ungovernable starting now . ”
Nasralla accused the United States , the European Union and the Organization of American states of being “ accomplices to fraud . ”
U.S . Charge d'Affaires Heide Fulton issued a statement reiterating “ our call for all involved in the electoral process to support a transparent , impartial , timely and peaceful determination of the election result , consistent with Honduran law , in a manner that maximizes citizen participation and represents the will of the Honduran people as expressed in the November 26 election . ”
Observers from the EU and the OAS have said numerous irregularities have not allowed them to be certain about the results ' validity .
KNOXVILLE , Tenn. — Tennessee coach Jeremy Pruitt says linebacker Darrin Kirkland Jr. has changed his mind and will be staying with the Volunteers .
Kirkland shared on social media last week that he was leaving Tennessee after graduating with two years of eligibility remaining .
But Pruitt told reporters Tuesday at the Southeastern Conference meetings in Destin , Florida , that he met Kirkland over the weekend with the linebacker now excited to stay at Tennessee .
Kirkland made 10 starts and had 66 tackles as a freshman in 2015 , but injuries limited him in 2016 and prevented him from playing at all last year . He made six starts and had 45 tackles in 2016 but missed five games with a high ankle sprain . He sat out the entire 2017 season with a knee injury .
——
More AP college football : http : //collegefootball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–Top25
LOS FRESNOS , Texas — Gabriel Canas , a bus driver from El Salvador who fled his homeland after members of MS-13 stormed his bus , did an initial screening interview for asylum under the worst circumstances .
He had n't spoken to his 9-year-old daughter since the Border Patrol separated them two weeks earlier . And in that time , he had been moved repeatedly from one detention facility to another .
“ The day I had my interview , I was n't well because they 'd taken my daughter away . I was worried sick . I did n't know where she was . I had n't spoken to her , ” Canas told a judge at the Port Isabel Detention Center in Texas , where parents of many of the more than 2,000 children who were separated under the Trump administration 's “ zero tolerance ” policy await their fate .
His case illustrates an overlooked effect of the separations : Some immigrants complain that they stumbled through their first asylum interviews when they were deeply distraught over losing their children . The interviews can have life-changing consequences because they are critical to establishing why families can not return home safely .
Not until a day after the interview did Canas learn through a lawyer what happened to his child . The asylum officer who conducted the interview issued a deportation order . On Monday , an immigration judge upheld it .
The judge cited new Justice Department guidelines that gang violence is not sufficient grounds for asylum . But Canas blames his poor interview and plans to seek another one .
Volunteer lawyers say parents are distressed about losing their children and having no firm date for when they will reunite , putting them at a big disadvantage when they meet with asylum officers from the Citizenship and Immigration Service .
The so-called credible-fear interviews at Port Isabel take place by phone within two to four weeks of a parent 's arrest and last 45 to 90 minutes each , according to immigration attorney Jodi Goodwin . Getting an answer can take a week .
To clear the initial hurdle , asylum seekers must demonstrate a “ significant possibility ” that they can prove that they have been persecuted or have a well-founded fear of persecution on grounds of race , religion , nationality , membership in a social group or political opinion if they are returned home .
They are judged partially on the consistency of their statements to border inspectors at the time of arrest . Attorneys say many asylum seekers , usually speaking through translators , fumble their interviews by holding back on details that may help their cases .
The risks of the interviews do n't trouble immigration hard-liners . Many of them see the asylum process as a joke , saying it invites fraud by migrants who exaggerate claims and exploit loopholes to get into the U.S . When legal groups talk about flubbed interviews or asylum seekers who need to be coached through the process , hard-liners see evidence that migrants are rehearsing from a script .
Harlingen immigration attorney Norma Sepulveda is representing a dozen parents detained at Port Isabel , including Canas .
“ The first thing he said to the asylum officer was : Do you know where my daughter is ? ” said Sepulveda , who found the girl in Arizona after she was transferred there from Chicago .
After President Donald Trump ordered an end to the separations on June 20 , border authorities generally stopped splitting up families for prosecution . But many at Port Isabel were arrested before Trump reversed course and are still separated . A federal judge in San Diego ruled last week that families must be reunited in 30 days , or 14 days if the children are younger than 5 years old .
Many of the parents have already been interviewed . Goodwin , who spearheads a network of volunteer lawyers , estimates that her attorneys had counselled about 210 separated parents at Port Isabel by the end of June . Most of them — about 150 — had already been through initial interviews .
Among those parents , more than half had talked to their children by phone . But they typically knew only that the children were in a government shelter and maybe the state or city where it was .
More than 3 out of 4 asylum seekers passed the screening from October to January , according to the latest published statistics . That approval rate may fall after Attorney General Jeff Sessions ' decision to declare that domestic and gang violence are generally not sufficient grounds for asylum .
In Canas ' case , the immigration judge cited the June 11 order from Sessions .
“ It 's not that I think that your fear is illegitimate , ” Judge Morris Onyewuchi said . “ But the cops I must follow have ruled that gang extortion , gang recruitment are not grounds for asylum . ”
Citizenship and Immigration Services said it asks every asylum seeker if they feel comfortable proceeding and , if not , the interview is rescheduled .
“ All applicants are asked about their health , to include their mental health and have the opportunity to discuss that issue as well as any issue that might impact their case with the interviewing officer . Our supervisors are directed to reschedule cases pending concerns that the applicant might have , ” the agency said in a statement .
The advocacy group Kids in Need of Defence sent volunteer attorneys to Port Isabel this week with the goal of counselling parents before their initial screening .
“ We are talking to people who are distraught because they do n't know where their children are and they 're facing a complex , potentially life-or-death interview , ” said Wendy Young , president of the group . “ To have to face a complicated legal proceeding when you 're so focused on the safety of your child , I ca n't imagine what that feels like . ”
Canas , who was separated from his daughter at the Texas border , hopes to be reunited with her and to join his legal-resident parents and U.S. citizen sister in the U.S. His chances are poor , Sepulveda said , but he will seek a fresh asylum review .
“ The purpose of coming here was to save my life and my daughter 's life , ” he said . “ That 's all . ”
——
See AP 's complete coverage of the debate over the Trump administration 's policy of family separation at the border : https : //apnews.com/tag/Immigration
KZN : R104 million heroin bust
iAfrica.com
Heroin in bag-loads found within the vehicle stopped by KZN police at Kosi Bay Port of Entry . Credit : Supplied . Members of the South African Police Services ( SAPS ) organised crime unit in Kwazulu-Natal have arrested three men in possession and with …
and more »
( WFLA ) – Bradley Robison turned to Better Call Behnken fed up with a broken TV that Sam 's Club failed to pick up .
He was really angry because this is the same TV the company failed to deliver to him .
If fact , Robison had to pick up his own TV from the delivery company 's warehouse on Dec. 19 .
When he got the TV home , it was broken .
“ I had a friend come over and we were going to set it up and we got it out of the box and my wife said , ‘ That screen is cracked . ' And I said , ‘ What ? ' ” Robison said .
We first met Robison when we ran into him at Pilot Freight Services in Tampa . He had tracked down the TV he had ordered as a Black Friday special . Better Call Behnken was also at the company , trying to find another undelivered Sam 's Club TV for another customer .
He ended up calling us again this month , after Sam 's failed to pick up his broken TV .
“ They said they would send me some things to send the TV back and that never happened , ” Robison said . “ So , I had to call them a couple of times in January . It 's been about 45 days now that I 've had the TV and they still have n't picked it up . ”
Robison called Sam 's right away and was told they 'd pick up the TV . He bought a new one somewhere else for Christmas .
A Sam 's Club spokeswoman returned calls from Better Call Behnken and said the problem is now solved .
She said this not the “ member experience ” the company wants customers to have . She said Robison will receive a full refund within days and is free to donate the TV , throw it away or fix the screen and keep it .
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW :
The children pile into the stadium in shiny clothes , clutching green-and-white Pakistani flags . Their parents light the area with cell phones to record the event as they scream , chant and cheer , watching soldiers close a gate that separates India from Pakistan .
In the evening ritual at the Wagah-Attari border , near Lahore and Amritsar , soldiers from both countries high-kick , shake their fists , then shake hands – and slam the gate shut .
It is deeply visceral for many Pakistanis : an acknowledgement of their border , of a plucky country they feel they have sacrificed so much to create .
Pakistan was imagined more than 70 years ago by a stern , British-educated , whiskey-drinking Shiite lawyer . Muhammad Ali Jinnah hoped for a nation as cosmopolitan as he was . He led the fight to carve the country out of British-ruled India . In a new , independent India , Muslims were fearful that they would be dominated by a Hindu majority .
But in the decades since , the sense of who is a citizen in the Muslim state has n't been resolved . The question has come at a high price : Although Pakistan 's constitution specifies the protection of minority rights , `` the government limited freedom of religion , '' according to the State Department . The country 's tiny minorities of Sikhs , Christians and Hindus are vulnerable to persecution . Certain laws , such as blasphemy laws , are often used to target them .
Within the Muslim community as well , the definition of who exactly is a Muslim has narrowed .
The seeds of Pakistan 's intolerance were sown within the country 's very ideology as a Muslim state , says Taimur Rehman , a political scientist at the Lahore University of Management Sciences .
That intolerance was `` inherent in the very way in which Pakistan was created and the very purpose which it was supposed to serve of being a Muslim state , '' he says . `` By its very definition , it has already singled out a community in opposition to another one , '' he says , referring to Muslims and Hindus . `` And it 's very easy for that community to be narrowed further . ''
Over the decades , he argues , the narrowing has been exacerbated by the military , Pakistan 's most powerful institution , which cultivated hard-line Islamists to wage a jihad in the disputed region of Kashmir , among other things .
This has given right-wing religious groups outsize influence . `` Despite never having won an election , '' Rehman says , `` they are nonetheless able to dictate the narrative in the country because of the support that they have from the military establishment . ''
Perhaps none have suffered more than members of a small Muslim sect , known as Ahmadis , whose beliefs clash with the dominant Sunni version of Islam . They played a key role in founding Pakistan . They are a community of over-achievers : An Ahmadi physicist , Abdus Salam , received one of only two Nobel prizes awarded to Pakistanis .
But the state declared Ahmadis as heretics via a constitutional amendment in the 1970s and restricted their rights further in the 1980s . They 're not allowed to call themselves Muslims , and ca n't refer to their houses of worship as mosques . Over the years , militants have attacked their mosques and targeted them in killings .
In a leafy suburb near Lahore , the Khans live in a two-story home behind a high gate that 's firmly bolted . Mrs. Khan stands on the balcony every morning , waiting for her husband to return from prayers at their local mosque . She 's terrified that somebody will kill him .
`` We are frightened , '' she says . `` For the life . '' ( Her first name is n't being published out of concern for the family 's safety . )
Most of her family already fled overseas .
So far , Mrs. Khan insists on staying . She runs a clinic that dispenses free medicine to her poorer neighbors . `` If I go , the people will suffer , '' she says .
She does n't want to `` just sit and eat '' in exile . `` This is not the meaning of life . ''
She 's also worried about her nephew . Twice , somebody threw a note into his house warning him to convert to Sunni Islam — or die . He hides out here when he 's afraid .
He repeatedly tried to flee Pakistan – but he says the U.K. , Sweden and Canada all rejected applications .
The roots of intolerance run deeper than just how Pakistan defines itself as a Muslim state , says Anam Zakariya , an oral historian in Islamabad .
She traces it back to Pakistan 's birth story – at the time of Partition , in 1947 , when millions of Hindus and Sikhs fled to India and Muslims to Pakistan . Mobs raped and butchered each other — around a million people died .
But Zakariya says those events are pushed aside . Pakistan focuses on celebrating its creation – and emphasizes how Muslims were victims .
`` Now if it 's your biggest victory to date , '' Zakariya says , `` you have to make sure that the bloodshed is portrayed to the younger generations as perpetrated by Indians — Hindus and Sikhs . ''
It 's to drive home the point : `` And that 's why there was a need to create Pakistan . ''
There are challenges emerging to that narrative . In a sprawling park in the heart of noisy , smoggy Lahore , a museum will soon open that will look at Partition through the stories of the people who witnessed it . It 's a collaboration between the Citizens Archive of Pakistan , a nonprofit , and the government of Punjab , Pakistan 's most populous province .
`` This is the first place in the entire country where you 'll experience what the refugees in 1947 experienced , '' says Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy , an Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker and head of the Citizens Archive .
Being exposed to stories from survivors of Partition will help create a more inclusive Pakistan , she believes , but it 's a race against time – the people who lived through Partition are fading away .
And 70 years on , the very idea of what Pakistan is meant to be – an Islamic state , in opposition to Hindu-dominated India – feels hard to shake .
Near the museum construction site , the Abdul Aziz family huddles under a shelter as a sudden summer rain drenches the park . Their patriarch , Yousef , is n't sure of his age , but says he used to work in fields alongside Hindus – and so he predates Partition . When the Hindus left Pakistan , he said , Muslims became free .
`` We are now in a country where we can say , 'There is no God but God and Muhammed is his messenger , ' '' he says , reciting the Muslim declaration of faith .
In Pakistan , he says , `` There is no idolatry '' – a reference to polytheist Hinduism .
His granddaughters Sania , 22 , and Aya , 19 , nod in agreement . He says he 's proud of Pakistan , which he describes as a `` fort of Islam '' where it 's safe for his grandchildren to grow up .
Sania says she 's not interested in a museum . She 's already heard her grandfather 's stories of Partition , and she 'll tell them one day to her own children .
Besides , she says , `` I know history — the Islamic history of Pakistan . ''
Failure to Uncover Looters of Recovered Funds Mocks Anti-graft Campaign – Fayose
The Ekiti State Governor , Ayodele Fayose , has said the failure to trace the owners of recovered sums of money makes a mockery of the anti-corruption war by the Federal Government .
In a statement issued on Monday by his Special Assistant on Public Communications and New Media , Lere Olayinka , Fayose accused the Presidency of providing cover for treasury looters who were members of the Progressives Congress .
He said , “ Nigerians can no longer be fooled with stage-managed loots recoveries , with no traceable owners , especially when the loots are traceable to close associates of the president and his cabinet members . ”
“ Obviously , this so-called anti-corruption war has become a laughing stock with N49m found in Kaduna Airport , N448m discovered in a shop at Victoria Island , Lagos , and N13bn found in Ikoyi , Lagos , neither having owners nor the identities of owners of the properties where the money was found known . ”
Fayose argued that it was either that the money recovered belonged to members of Buhari 's government or they were planted by the government to sustain “ its fake anti-corruption fight in the minds of the people . ”
He said , “ Enough of stage-managed and fake anti-corruption war aimed solely at opposition figures , especially presidential hopefuls in the 2019 election . ”
According to him , there are two different laws now in operation in the country , with one law for the APC and those who defect to the party and the other for the opposition , especially those perceived as having presidential ambition .
“ The narrative they push daily is that only those in their government are saint while other Nigerians , including those in the National Assembly , judiciary , opposition politicians and the civil servants are rogues while only Buhari 's appointees are saints .
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @ thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL . Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources .
The post Failure to Uncover Looters of Recovered Funds Mocks Anti-graft Campaign – Fayose appeared first on SIGNAL .
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
After the final two episodes of series 19 air on ITV , there is good news for fans ...
Will there be another series of Midsomer Murders ?
Yes : ITV announced in April 2017 that filming had begun on series 20 of Midsomer Murders , with six feature-length episodes .
Advertisement
Neil Dudgeon returns as DCI John Barnaby , with Nick Hendrix as DS Jamie Winter and Fiona Dolman as Sarah Barnaby .
Barnaby and Winter 's investigations will lead them to a cursed brewery , an elite intellectual society with a dark past , a killer comic book festival and a circus of horrors…
Joining the team will be EastEnders ' Annette Badland as “ formidable ” new pathologist Dr Fleur Perkins .
As for WHEN it will be back , an air date has not yet been announced .
Why have there only been two episodes of Midsomer Murders on ITV this year ?
The first four episodes of Midsomer Murders series 19 aired in December 2016 and January 2017 , but while the final two episodes of the six-part series aired on TV elsewhere in the world , they took some time to arrive on ITV .
The show returned on Sunday 13th May at 8pm on ITV , with the final episode in the series airing on Sunday 20th May at 8pm on ITV .
Episode five , titled Death by Persuasion , takes us back in time . After a young woman slips away from a camp site where a Jane Austen fan event is taking place ( dressed in Georgian attire , of course ) , she is found stabbed in the woods . DCI Barnaby and DS Winter discover there is more to the story : the victim was a journalist , interested in the village 's healthcare drone delivery programme .
Advertisement
Episode six , titled The Curse of the Ninth , includes the final appearance of pathologist Dr Kam Karimore ( Manjinder Virk ) , who is moving to Canada . When a prize-winning musician is strangled with a violin string , DCI Barnaby uncovers multiple motives and multiple suspects .
FBNInsurance Group donates to Down Syndrome foundation
In a bid to continually touch lives in the society , FBNInsurance Limited and FBN General Insurance Limited , have reached out to the Down Syndrome Foundation , as part of their end of the year appreciation activities .
While receiving the combined team of both companies at the administrative office and resource centre of the Foundation in Lagos , the Foundation 's Administrative Manager , Muyiwa Majekodunmi , thanked the companies for the kind gesture and used the opportunity to enlighten the team about Down syndrome .
According to him , Down Syndrome is just a freak of nature , it 's a chromosomal defect . Each cell contains 21 chromosomes but for Down Syndrome patients , somewhere along the line during conception , an additional chromosome pops up thus causing the condition .
“ These are wonderful kids and the reason why we exist is to act as an advocacy group for them and ensure that they become useful to themselves and the society . We are like that bridge between them and the society , ” he added .
Also , the Managing Director , FBN General Insurance Limited , Bode Opadokun , appreciated the management of the Foundation and charged them to keep up the good work .
“ We know something great is happening here and as companies committed to the general upliftment of the society , we will always do our bit to encourage and support the continuous success of this Foundation , ” he said .
The companies donated various food items , toys , beverages and a cash amount to the management of the Foundation .
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Feels Like Summer !
by Shane Butler
Summer-like weather conditions have settled in across our area this week . Each day will highlight mostly sunny skies and warm afternoon temps . We could see temps approaching the 90 degree mark late week . It 's a mainly dry weather set up but one of those isolated pop up showers/t-storms ca n't be ruled out each afternoon . The better chance for rain will come over the upcoming weekend . A frontal boundary heads for the deep south Saturday afternoon . Ahead of the front we expect a round of showers and t-storms . There could be a threat for strong to severe storms with this frontal passage . It 's a bit early to know for sure but it is the spring storm season , so we will be monitoring this through the work week .
PENTICTON , B.C . — Team Wild Card , Manitoba and Nova Scotia are all 8-2 heading into the final playoff championship match at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts .
Wild Card entry Kerri Einarson maintains top spot following an 8-5 loss to Team Canada 's Michelle Englot in Friday afternoon 's draw at the South Okanagan Events Centre .
Einarson 's last rock came up light as they tried to get it to park on the button . That gave Team Canada ( 6-4 ) a deuce .
“ Yeah , it 's a little frustrating , but we came out not as sharp as we had been , ” said Einarson , whose team is from East St. Paul , Man . “ We just got to pick it up for the next game ( Alberta ) . ”
Einarson and her team of third Selena Kaatz , second LIz Fyfe and lead Kristin MacCuish , will block out the loss adding they need to push forward and keep that first spot .
“ We need to come out tonight and play better , ” she said .
Englot 's team kept themselves in the mix playing what she said was a solid match in a tough game . Einarson 's team had been playing well and Englot knew they had to play well to beat the Wild Card team . Englot credited getting rocks in better position most of the game .
“ Almost let it slip away at the end , but finished it off , ” said Englot . “ One more and hopefully we get some help .
“ We want to take care of ourselves . A 7-4 record is respectable . We want to come out and play strong tonight . ”
A steal of one for a 6-2 lead saw Manitoba 's Jennifer Jones ( 8-2 ) shake hands with Alberta 's Casey Scheidegger ( 7-3 ) earlier than expected in eight ends .
“ I was a little bit surprised , but in a way both teams have a big game tonight so it 's nice to have a little bit more of a break and maybe that 's what they were thinking , ” said Jones , who has Shannon Birchard as a third — filling in for Kaitlyn Lawes playing mixed doubles in the upcoming Winter Olympics — second Jill Officer and lead Dawn McEwen on her team .
Jones had a 3-1 lead after four ends . Alberta scored one more point in the fifth end , then Manitoba rattled off three straight points .
In other playoff action , Nova Scotia 's Mary-Anne Arsenault ( 8-2 ) scored a triple in the eighth end to put a dagger into B.C . 's Kesa Van Osch ( 4-6 ) , 10-4 .
Arsenault said she ca n't complain as everyone on her team is playing well and they secured a spot into the Page playoff .
“ We seemed to have a bit of a lull in the middle ends where we did n't get our rocks perfectly placed , but luckily the other team was n't able to take advantage of our error , ” said Arsenault , who plays with Christina Black ( third ) , Jennifer Baxter ( second ) and lead Jennifer Crouse .
Nova Scotia does n't plan to change how it plays and would like to continue getting early leads they can defend .
“ It would be sweet if we could do that again , ” said Arsenault , who has received words of advice from former teammates .
Arsenault recently said one of the things she learned while playing for Colleen Jones , a six-time Scotties champ , is that patience is a “ huge thing . ”
“ She had the patience , ” said Arsenault , who won five Scotties with Jones . “ No panicking . Just be patient . Be strong in the eighth , ninth and 10th . As long as the game is close and you play well in the eighth , ninth and 10th , you 're probably going to win . ”
The top four teams advance to the Page playoff on Saturday . Semifinal and final action is on Sunday .
LOS ANGELES — As more talent agencies find themselves drawn into the wave of Hollywood sex scandals , a prominent agent at Creative Artists Agency is facing accusations that he offered an actor sex in exchange for access to directors and a movie star . The agent , Cade Hudson , made the offers in 2013 , according to text messages…
DESPERATION to hold on to their inner city seats was driving two Labor ministers to resort to farmer bashing and distorting figures about vegetation clearing , Gympie MP Tony Perrett said yesterday .
Mr Perrett said claims by Deputy Premier and Minister for the Environment were `` nothing more than purely about saving their political skins by demonising regional landholders in order to appease the wealthy , unproductive inner city green zealots . ”
`` It is pure electioneering by two left wing ministers who are trashing the reputations of farmers and landholders .
`` Using emotive language and nonsense comparisons to paint a doomsday scenario the fearmongering over the release of the 2015-2016 Statewide Land and Tree Cover Study was true to form for the Labor Government which pays lip service to the regions .
`` To bump up their figures over land clearing rates they included such practices as fodder harvesting to feed starving livestock , and clearing fire breaks and fence lines as 'broad scale land clearing ' .
`` There was no consideration of vegetation thickening rates or acknowledgement that farmers are already unable to clear remnant vegetation .
`` Not considering thickening rates is like watching the tide go out and then claiming the seawater has disappeared , ” he said .
Mr Perrett said he was not aware of any broad scale clearing in the Gympie region .
`` As a landholder and grazier my observation is that it is thickening faster than it can be controlled in areas that have previously been cleared , or had absolutely no history of clearing , ” he said .
`` Living in their inner city concrete jungles you just have to wonder whether the ministers and green activists understand the concept that plants and vegetation actually regenerate .
`` If they do know that , then this is nothing more than a deliberate , manipulative and calculatingly dishonest attack in a relentless campaign against regional Queensland .
`` If you just consider the area of Queensland covered by woody vegetation , the total management footprint represents about 0.45 percent of that area - which is still less than one percent .
`` It is only just over 12 months ago that the LNP was able to secure a reprieve for landholders and farmers by rejecting the government 's draconian vegetation management laws which would have undermined and gutted our strong agricultural sector .
`` The LNP laws were sensible and balanced and allowed farmers and graziers to get on with the important jobs of producing our food and fibre . ”
SAN FRANCISCO — The Latest on a body found in a San Francisco hospital building ( all times local ) :
8:30 p.m .
The daughter of an elderly woman whose body was found at San Francisco General Hospital says she had dementia and disappeared from a nearby health centre 10 days ago .
The woman found Wednesday afternoon in a power plant stairwell was identified by the medical examiner as 75-year-old Ruby Andersen .
However her daughter , Charlene Roberts , tells KRON-TV that her mother was 76 and went missing from a mental health facility on the same campus as the hospital on May 20 .
The hospital says it 's unclear how the woman got into the power plant because it 's usually locked . It 's also unclear how long she had been there .
Five years ago , the body of a missing patient was found in a stairwell at the same hospital , more than two weeks after disappearing from her room . An autopsy determined that 57-year-old Lynne Spalding had been dead for several days .
——
4:32 p.m .
Authorities say a woman 's body was found in a stairway at San Francisco General Hospital .
The San Francisco Department of Health said the body was found around 1 p.m. Wednesday by a staff member in a power plant building .
Five years ago , the body of a missing patient was found in a stairwell at the same hospital , more than two weeks after a patient disappeared from her room .
An autopsy determined that 57-year-old Lynne Spalding had been dead for several days before her body was found in a stairwell that was supposed to be routinely checked by security .
The Sheriff 's Department , which is responsible for the hospital 's security , paid Spalding 's family $ 3 million to settle a legal claim .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) – The Latest on President-elect Donald Trump ( all times EST ) :
2:10 p.m .
President-elect Donald Trump is showing little sign of forgiving his critics as he prepares to move into the Oval Office .
The incoming president tweeted Monday that , “ Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election . Wrong… ”
He continued : “ I thought and felt I would win big , easily over the fabled 270 ” electoral votes .
Trump 's continued focus on his unexpected Nov. 8 victory comes as he works behind closed doors to shape his new administration . He 's set to be sworn into office in just 18 days .
Trump also complained Monday about a cover photo used in a new book released by CNN . He tweeted , “ Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me ! ”
___
1 p.m .
President-elect Donald Trump says Rahm Emanuel , Chicago 's mayor and President Barack Obama 's former chief of staff , should ask for federal assistance if he ca n't bring down the city 's rising homicide tally .
The nation 's third largest city had 762 homicides in 2016 – the most in two decades and more than the largest cities , New York and Los Angeles , combined . The Chicago Police Department says the city had 1,100 more shootings last year than in 2015 . The statistics have put Chicago at the center of a national dialogue about gun violence .
Trump on Monday noted the spike in shooting deaths on Twitter . He wrote , “ If Mayor ca n't do it he must ask for federal help ! ”
Emanuel 's spokesman Adam Collins responded with a carefully worded statement in which he says if the federal government really wants to help it can do things like fund summer jobs programs for at-risk youth and pass meaningful gun laws .
___
8:10 a.m .
Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer is defending cryptic comments by President-elect Donald Trump that he knows “ things that other people do n't know ” when it comes to allegations of Russian hacking .
Spicer tells Fox News Channel 's “ Fox & Friends ” that Trump is getting national security briefings “ on a daily basis ” and “ there does n't seem to be conclusive evidence ” Russians were behind the hacking of Democratic emails during the election .
Spicer also dismissed on Monday a report released by the FBI and Homeland Security Department supporting the accusations against Russia , calling it a “ how-to ” manual on basic cybersecurity for Democrats .
In an interview on NBC 's “ Today Show , ” Spicer said President Barack Obama only punished Russia after Democrat Hillary Clinton lost the election and that the recent sanctions were politically motivated .
Trump has said he will get a briefing from U.S. intelligence officials this week .
Benefit concert at Dumas Center will help bail out a mom from jail for Mother 's Day
| By
In a justice system that presumes you are innocent until proven guilty , more than half of inmates in local jails have not yet been convicted of a crime . We hear more from one Roanoke activist working to raise money for a mother who ca n't afford bail before trial .
Ahead of Mother 's Day next month , the organization Roanoke Jail Solidarity is fundraising to help bail out a mother in time to see her children . According to the Vera Institute , between 60 and 70 percent of inmates at local jails are being held pre-trial , the majority of them for minor offenses . Pastor Natasha Harper is one of the organizers . WFIR previously spoke with Harper in September when the group “ No More Jail Deaths ” demonstrated in front of Roanoke City Jails to protest the amount of suicides and deaths occurring in the facility .
Harper 's stepson Clifton Harper ended his life while behind bars and she 's since made it her mission to help reform the criminal justice system . “ No More Jail Deaths ” now goes by Roanoke Jail Solidarity and partners with other grassroots organizations to advocate for inmates ' rights . Listen to the audio below for the full interview with Harper .
4-23 Natasha Harper Web Interview
Click here to make a donation .
WEATHER WATCH : Ken Buchanan accepts a gold plated barometer from Queensland Bureau of Meteorology manager Bruce Gunn , in appreciation of the Buchanan family 's efforts over more than a century to gather vital rainfall data in the Goomboorian area .
WEATHER WATCH : Ken Buchanan accepts a gold plated barometer from Queensland Bureau of Meteorology manager Bruce Gunn , in appreciation of the Buchanan family 's efforts over more than a century to gather vital rainfall data in the Goomboorian area . Arthur Gorrie
THERE is a joke that if farmers could control the weather they would never stop arguing about it .
But they are good at observing it , Bureau of Meteorology Queensland manager Bruce Gunn said on a Gympie visit yesterday .
Mr Gunn escaped his air conditioned office to breathe in some real weather on a visit to Goomboorian .
He was here to thank the pioneering Buchanan family for more than 100 years of detailed and methodical voluntary weather watching .
`` I look at all these figures , ” Ken Buchanan said as he examined the well-worn book of rainfall readings he keeps at his and Robyn Buchanan 's Webster Rd home , `` and I still ca n't tell you if the climate 's changed . ”
`` That 's why we need all the data we can get , ” Mr Gunn said .
Rain , they agreed , is patchy and hard to predict over any large area .
`` On December 4 they had 39mm at Sandowne ( another Buchanan family member 's property about 1km away ) .
`` We had 66mm , Peter Buchanan had 100mm at his place and they had 120mm at Ross Creek , ” Ken said .
Mr Gunn presented the Buchanan clan with a commemorative gold barometer , in return for their contribution since 1913 .
Mr Buchanan took over the daily data collection task from his father in 2001 .
`` And he took over from his dad , who took over from his father in 1940 . ”
The monthly records form an almost immaculate and uniquely consistent data set .
A gap in 1939 and 1940 , when figures were not kept , was something to do with World War II , but no-one is sure exactly what happened .
There was also the time Mr Buchanan 's daily figures did not quite tally with the monthly report .
`` One complaint in 100 years is not too bad though , ” Mr Gunn said .
The biggest October figure on the Buchanan records was this year 's 345mm , after months of dry weather .
The wettest year , 1956 , had 2100mm . The next year was the driest with 556mm .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Northwich has been in the spotlight thanks to gigs by a famous band .
Indie rock band The Charlatans pulled in visitors with the town benefiting from an upturn both on the streets and online during a 10-day NorthbyNorthwich festival .
The famous band played a series of gigs alongside activities across the town increasing footfall and significantly boosting evening visitors .
Concert nights saw footfall rise by over 100 % as people not only came into Northwich to watch the gigs but also visited the town 's bars , pubs and restaurants to enjoy live music , food and drink .
The Northwich Business Improvement District ( BID ) also had ‘ huge spikes ' on their social media over the event .
They reported their posts reached over 30,000 people with just over 11,000 Facebook users visiting during the festival .
Over 15,000 people viewed videos from The Charlatans and bands playing at venues such as The Salty Dog , The Salthouse NW , The Witton Chimes and Northwich Plaza .
The town also featured on regional television as film crews pitched up to speak to the band , businesses and fans .
Northwich BID manager Jane Hough has hailed NorthbyNorthwich as a ‘ huge success ' .
“ The vibe in Northwich throughout the whole festival was electric and it was great to see so many visitors coming to the town experiencing everything Northwich has to offer and making memories they wo n't forget .
“ As well as interacting with the public each and every day the band really did everything they could to include the town 's traders , ” she said .
( Image : Richard Evans )
“ It 's also been brilliant to see such positive figures in regards to footfall and through our social media channels where interaction was at some of the highest levels we 've seen this year .
“ Hopefully the people who came into Northwich and also saw the photos and videos are inspired to return or visit the town in the near future . ”
She added : “ NorthbyNorthwich , the recent announcement about Barons Quay and the events coming up in 2018 , such as the Northwich Festival of Arts , The Northwich River Festival and Northwich In Bloom , are really helping to put Northwich on the map and making it stand out as a destination with a difference . ”
Social media saw many positive comments following the event with one Twitter user saying : “ I loved your humble little town . I was n't kidding when I said we would be back . There is so much to discover there . Locals were so kind and helpful . ”
Another commented : “ Visited Northwich twice last week because of The Charlatans . Have to say – lovely little town and great chippy , some nice little pubs , hope to be back some day . ”
Pakistani authorities said Monday they have arrested 22 people involved in the lynching of a university student who was accused of blasphemy and detained a teenage woman who had been recruited by the Islamic State group for a foiled attack on a church .
Word of the arrests came as U.S. President Donald Trump 's national security adviser arrived for talks on combatting militants in South Asia , highlighting Pakistan 's struggle with Islamic extremism .
The 16 students and six university employees are believed to have incited or taken part in the mob that killed 23-year-old Mohammad Mashal Khan , provincial police chief Salahuddin Mehsud said . The student was beaten and shot to death at a university in the northwestern city of Mardan on Thursday .
Mehsud said no evidence has been found to indicate Khan committed blasphemy against Islam , which is punishable by death in Pakistan . The mere suspicion of blasphemy is enough to incite deadly riots in the deeply conservative country .
Pakistan had recently vowed to combat the sharing of blasphemous material on social media , and has tried to enlist Facebook and Twitter in the campaign .
A military spokesman meanwhile said authorities detained a teenage woman earlier this month who had been recruited by the Islamic State group to carry out a suicide attack against a church on Easter .
Noreen Leghari , 19 , was detained after a previously reported shootout on April 14 , the day before Easter , in which another militant was killed , said Maj. Gen. Asif Ghafoor .
The new details on the raid were released as H.R . McMaster , the U.S. national security adviser , arrived on his first visit since the United States dropped its largest non-nuclear bomb on an Islamic State tunnel complex in neighboring Afghanistan .
McMaster arrived in Islamabad after holding talks in Afghanistan on efforts to combat the Taliban and the IS group 's Afghan affiliate . The U.S. dropped the Massive Ordnance Air Blast bomb , or MOAB , on an Islamic State tunnel complex carved into a mountain in eastern Afghanistan on Thursday , reportedly killing 95 militants .
McMaster met with Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and other senior officials . Pakistan 's foreign affairs adviser Sartaj Aziz said Islamabad remained committed to working for peace and reconciliation in neighboring Afghanistan , and that officials meeting with McMaster had discussed efforts to secure the border .
The U.S. Embassy said McMaster `` expressed appreciation for Pakistan 's democratic and economic development , and stressed the need to confront terrorism in all its forms . ''
Pakistan has long sought to downplay the growing presence of Islamic State militants , who have claimed a number of attacks in recent months . Monday 's announcement marked the first time Pakistani officials have acknowledged that the extremist group based in Syria and Iraq is recruiting within the South Asian country .
Pakistan has been struggling to combat the much larger and more well-established Pakistani Taliban , which emerged after the 2001 U.S.-led invasion of Afghanistan and have carried out attacks that have killed tens of thousands of people .
The Islamic State group is believed to have recruited disgruntled Taliban fighters in both Pakistan and Afghanistan with its promise of building a worldwide Islamic caliphate .
Leghari was recruited via Facebook , and went missing in February , later marrying an Islamic State fighter who was killed in the April 14 raid , a Pakistani security official said on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to brief reporters . He said the woman had fought alongside her husband during the raid and shot at security forces .
Ghafoor suggested she had fallen prey to the group 's online propaganda . He portrayed her detention as a rescue and said `` we will rehabilitate her . ''
———
Associated Press writers Riaz Khan in Peshawar , Pakistan and Zaheer Babar in Lahore , Pakistan contributed to this report .
Hang on for a minute ... we 're trying to find some more stories you might like . Close
Email This Story Sends email to this address Enter Your Name Add a comment here Verification Send Email Cancel
Andrew Hippisley , chair of linguistics at the University of Kentucky , was named dean of Wichita State 's Fairmount College of Liberal Arts and Sciences Tuesday .
Hippisley , who joined Kentcky 's linguistics program in 2007 , was one of four finalists for the position . He replaces Ron Matson , longtime dean of LAS , who retired after 48 years at WSU .
“ I am a strong believer in and advocate for a liberal arts experience , ” Hippisley said in a university press release . “ As dean of the Fairmount College of Liberal Arts and Sciences , I would serve as champion-in-chief of a liberal arts education as an intrinsic value whose scope is the whole person . ”
Other finalists for the position included an interim dean of the college of humanities and social sciences at George Mason University ; an associate dean of political science at Jackson State University ; and an associate dean of the college of arts , humanities , and social sciences at Millsersville University of Pennsylvania .
Pirates are taking over Port Colborne .
Captain John Swallow and quarter master Seika Hellbound are hosting Pyrate Lore and Harbour Walks every Thursday evening . The two pirates are offering a unique insight into the history of Port Colborne , the Welland Canal and Lake Erie . During the 90-minute walk , Swallow and Hellbound talk to visitors about shipwrecks , treasure , smuggling and some of the facts and fiction surrounding the Great Lakes .
Swallow and Hellbound said they do n't want to give all their stories away , but they could share that there are many shipwrecks in Lake Erie . Swallow said there are in fact more shipwrecks in Lake Erie per square mile than there are in all the Great Lakes combined .
“ We have more shipwrecks in part of Lake Erie than there are in the Bermuda Triangle . And that 's part of Lake Erie – it has four times as many shipwrecks as the entire Bermuda Triangle , ” Swallow said .
There are more than 1,400 shipwrecks and two planes at the bottom of Lake Erie . Hellbound said every so often divers will find another wreck .
Swallow said although many of the wrecks were caused by the weather , a number of them went down due to piracy . Near Long Point , Swallow said a great number of ships went down because of mooncussers . Mooncussers were pirates would would extinguish the flame of lighthouses and build fires further down the coast to attract merchant ships . When ships would approach the new fire they would run aground and pirates would loot the ships .
“ It 's not Hollywood 's version of piracy . Piracy for the most part is n't going after a ship that 's got gold or jewels . For the most part it 's going after commodities , ” Hellbound said .
On the Great Lakes , pirates would go after goods including lumber and venison . Hellbound , who has a degree in history , said if the goods were stolen in Canada , pirates would sell it in the United States and visa versa .
Swallow and Hellbound said there is one famous individual who settled in Port Colborne and was known to be a pirate . They said to find out who that person is people need to come on out for a walk .
“ Someone very important to the history of this region ... that 's as far as I 'm going , ” Hellbound said .
Hellbound and Swallow both bring a unique element to the walk since both lay claim to pirate heritage . Hellbound said she can trace her lineage back to an uncle from nine generations ago who sailed with Blackbeard . Hellbound also has an uncle from the 1600s who left the royal navy to join Peter Easton on his Pirate ship , eventually becoming captain . Easton was a pirate who operated along the Newfoundland coastline between 1611 and 1614 .
Swallow said the walk is easily accessible for everyone . People meet at 7 p.m. every Thursday along the Welland Canal at the corner of West Street and Clarence Street , weather permitting . Tickets are $ 15 for adults and $ 5 for children .
Mallenberg @ postmedia.com
Twitter : @ M_Allenberg
Sri Lanka 's captain Dinesh Chandimal , left , and Angelo Mathews run between the wickets during the third day 's play of their third cricket test match against India in Pallekele , Sri Lanka , Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 . ( AP Photo/Eranga Jayawardena )
PALLEKELE , Sri Lanka ( AP ) — Sri Lanka was heading for a heavy defeat in the third test against India as it slumped to 82 for four in its second innings at lunch on Monday .
India skipper Virat Kohli enforced the follow-on as he chased a series sweep after his lineup made 487 in its first innings and bowled out Sri Lanka for 135 inside 38 overs .
Sri Lanka needed to make a further 270 runs to avoid innings defeat .
Resuming day three at the overnight total of 19 for one , Sri Lanka lost opener Dimuth Karunaratne ( 16 ) when he was undone by Ravichandran Ashwin 's extra bounce and ended up gloving a catch to Ajinkaya Rahane at slip .
Mohammed Shami then took two wickets from two overs to reduce Sri Lanka to 39-4 . Night watchman Malinda Pushpakumara ( 1 ) was caught behind by wicketkeeper Wriddhiman Saha and Kusal Mendis shuffled across the stumps and was adjudged leg before wicket for 12 .
Skipper Dinesh Chandimal and former captain Angelo Mathews added an unbeaten 43 runs for the fifth wicket to ensure there were no further breakthroughs before lunch .
India is 2-0 up in the series after winning the first test in Galle by 304 runs and the second test in Colombo by an innings and 53 runs .
TORONTO — The Canadian team behind the animated film The Breadwinner hopes Monday 's Golden Globe nomination will shine a light on its timely subject matter and promote empathy .
The film stars the voice of Toronto actress Saara Chaudry as 11-year-old Parvana , who disguises herself as a boy in order to support her family while her father is wrongfully imprisoned by the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2001 .
The film is a Canadian co-production and has a homegrown cast , about half of whom are Muslim and have Afghan heritage . Oscar-winning actor-director Angelina Jolie is an executive producer .
“ Everyone keeps saying that this is a film that 's come out at the right time because of what 's going on , especially in the States , the Muslim ban , and I think this is a film that can actually help shed a light on what 's going on around the world that we 're not normally used to — especially that 's a film for kids , ” Andrew Rosen , a Toronto producer on the film , said in a phone interview after the Golden Globe nominations were announced .
“ We 've had a lot of kids watch this and ask their parents and ask at Q-and-A 's , ‘ Is this real ' or ‘ Did this happen 100 years ago ? ' And we have to say ‘ No , this is happening now . ' I think it 's really helpful when families go see it , for families to actually have this conversation with their kids .
The Breadwinner , which was nominated for best animated film , is adapted from Canadian author Deborah Ellis 's children 's novel . The book is based on the testimony of Afghan women she spoke with in refugee camps in Pakistan .
Irish animator Nora Twomey directed and acclaimed Canadian composers Jeff Danna and Mychael Danna did the score for the film , which is open in several cities in Canada and the U.S .
Rosen and his Aircraft Pictures partner Anthony Leo have been working on the project since 2009 .
The other co-producing countries are Ireland and Luxembourg .
“ It 's a film that shows the effects of war on ordinary people and we do n't see that nearly enough , and I think it will help inform our decisions about whether or not we allow our governments to go to war , ” Ellis said Monday from her home in Simcoe , Ont .
“ Do we really want to keep doing this to other people , people who we would probably be friends with if we got to meet them in ordinary time ? So I think the film is going to contribute to those kinds of discussions and that 's wonderful , because the people who are seeing it now , the young people who are seeing it now , are maybe going to have that stuff imprinted in them — and when they become decision-makers , they might hesitate a little bit before killing people in other countries . ”
The Golden Globe will be hosted Jan. 7 by Seth Meyers and broadcast by NBC from the Beverly Hilton Hotel .
PASCO COUNTY , Fla. ( WFLA ) – Mike Zenz , of Holiday , was just 17-years-old when he enlisted in the Army in 1967 .
By 1968 , he was in Vietnam . Mike , a member of the 101st Airborne , was fighting for his life in the midst of the Tet Offensive .
Mike scouted with the infantry . He was out in front , looking for the enemy . When he located them , he called in grids and coordinates so artillery and air strikes could knock them out .
“ Walking through the jungle , and you know , there 's enemy around there , you really never know when you 're going to get it , ” remembered Mike .
“ I mean , he 's seen things that nobody should ever see , ” wife Betty explained .
Mike witnessed combat and death close up .
Fifty years later , according to Barbara , Vietnam still haunts her husband .
“ So , you suffer along with him , ” she said . “ I 've cried many times . I get up in the middle of the night and he 's just crying and he 's whimpering and he 's beating his pillow and there 's nothing you can do . ”
In 2014 , Mike was diagnosed with severe post traumatic stress disorder .
The V.A . determined he was 90 percent disabled .
Unable to hold a job , the V.A . granted Mike individual Unemployability benefits , paying him 100 percent disability .
“ Right now , it 's my lifeline , ” Mike explained .
At age 66 , Mike also collects retirement from Social Security . Some call that double-dipping .
“ It 's not a double dip , ” veterans disability attorney Ralph Bratch , of Clearwater , stated . “ The one is money they 've earned for being disabled from the military , the other is essentially their retirement package . ”
The president 's proposed V.A . budget would strip Unemployability benefits from Mike and 225,000 veterans , 62 years of age or older , collecting Social Security retirement .
Money saved would help pay to send veterans to outside medical services .
At a hearing of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee , the proposal came under fire from several veterans service organizations .
“ It became clear that this would be hurting some veterans and that this would be a takeaway from veterans that ca n't afford to have those benefits taken away , ” V.A . Secretary David Shulkin told senators .
Mr. Shulkin said he would not support a policy that hurts veterans .
Mike and Barbara Zenz hope that is true . Such a cut could cost them about $ 1,200 dollars a month . According to Barbara , they might be able to pay the mortgage with their Social Security checks , but there will be no money for electricity or food .
“ We 'd lose everything and I mean everything , ” said Barbara .
If you have a problem that you think should be investigated , contact our Target 8 Helpline at 1-800-338-0808 . Contact Steve Andrews at sandrews @ wfla.com .
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
This interview will be on `` St. Louis on the Air '' at noon on Tuesday ; this story will be updated after the show . You can listen live .
This week , healthcare professionals and families are making a point to talk about a subject that can be very difficult for some : end-of-life decisions . This week marks National Healthcare Decisions week .
On Tuesday 's St. Louis on the Air , host Don Marsh will discuss the importance of advance care planning for end-of-life decisions with two people in the St. Louis community who aid families in making these difficult decisions all the time : Brian Carpenter , a clinical psychologist and professor at Washington University , and Virginia G. Rice , an elder law attorney with The Rice Law Firm .
What confuses you about advance care planning ? We 'll ask our guests about it . Send us an email at talk @ stlpublicradio.org or send us a tweet at @ STLonAir . We 'll also take calls during the segment , which will air in the first half of the noon hour . Give us a call : 314-382-8255 .
Related Event
What : National Healthcare Decision Day Interactive Art Exhibit `` Before I Die ''
When : Tuesday , April 18 from 10 a.m. to 6:00 p.m .
Where : Emerson Auditorium at St. Lukes Hospital
More information .
St. Louis on the Air brings you the stories of St. Louis and the people who live , work and create in our region . St. Louis on the Air host Don Marsh and producers Mary Edwards , Alex Heuer and Kelly Moffitt give you the information you need to make informed decisions and stay in touch with our diverse and vibrant St. Louis region .
21:09 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4 , 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4 , 5777 , 02/01/17 Record of over 2 million people visited Auschwitz museum in 2016 Read more
The Auschwitz Museum reports more than 2 million visitors in 2016 , the most in the history of the museum . ► ◄ Last Briefs
Tom 's disappearance was n't part of the creator 's initial plan but the events of the past two series cried out for it ...
* * WARNING : spoiler alert if you have n't seen series two episode five of Doctor Foster * *
Advertisement
Series two of Doctor Foster ended with Gemma and Simon 's son Tom 's sudden disappearance .
After all the sturm and drang of the bitter break-up it was as if we viewers experienced the same thing as Gemma – a sudden realisation , far too late , about what the teenager has put up with all this time .
And this twist was n't actually part of writer Mike Bartlett 's plan – at least not in his first draft – as he revealed in an exclusive interview with RadioTimes.com .
“ The ending of the show unfolded as I was writing it , ” he reveals .
“ In the plan he 's in the car at the end . They go back to her house and get a new kitchen and try to build a life . It was only when I went to write it that she goes back to the car and he 's not there . But that happened very organically from what he has been through , I think .
“ Tom 's not a little child any more , he 's going to make his own choices . And so hopefully it 's one of those which you do n't see coming but when it happens you look over the whole series and realise this has been coming the whole time .
“ I was so involved in Gemma and Simon 's story that 's all I was thinking about when writing it . It sounds mad , this . But she comes out of the hotel and he 's not there . That 's the moment you look for as a writer , when the characters start telling you what they are doing rather than you telling them . ”
What did you think of that Doctor Foster ending ? Have your say right here
For Bartlett , Tom had been “ forgotten and buffeted around and also doing his own not so good things ” .
But he says that he deliberately did not plan the ending because he wanted to live “ in the present ” with his characters .
He adds : “ I think it 's important with this show that you stay in the present . It 's not a show where you are seeding lots of things for some future thing . And that 's never been the point of it . Part of the reason I do n't massively do a big masterplan for it is that no one in the show has that . And it 's all about the present moment and what it feels like to go through this .
Advertisement
“ No one 's in control of things , particularly in series two . There 's no big plan , it 's spiralling and they 're trying to keep control of it and that 's part of the energy of the show . ”
The censor board and the makers of Raveena Tandon-starrer ‘ Maatr ' have locked horns over its certification . The actress says law amendment is the need of the hour .
Addressing the issue , Raveena said here on Monday : “ I think more than the scenes , Central Board of Film Certification ( CBFC ) has a problem with the language that has been used in the film . ”
“ I do not understand why… as we attempted to show a mirror to the society . Having said that , I understand that the CBFC is also bound by laws that go back to the 1970s . We have gone ahead , but they are still following the same law . Perhaps , there comes the problem . There is a need for law amendment . ”
She said that “ it is not accepted how even after getting an ‘ A ' certification , a film goes through so many cuts… that dilutes the matter ” .
Directed by Ashtar Sayed , the story of the film ‘ Maatr ' deals with rape and violence against women in the Indian society .
The final verdict is yet to be out , say the film 's makers .
It is expected to release on April 21 .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Kenneth Chenault , wearing no sport coat and no tie , with a large cup of tea in front of him , fits an image of a man ready for retirement .
Chenault is days away from stepping down as the chief executive officer and chairman of American Express , the credit card giant and one of the most iconic brands in the country . He will have run American Express for 17 years , guiding the company through the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks , the global financial crisis and numerous challenges to its position as the go-to payment option for the wealthy and well-traveled .
The son of a dentist from Long Island , New York , who grew up as a black man during the height of the Civil Rights Movement , Chenault never expected to be CEO of a major company , let alone work 37 years at the same one .
`` I can honestly say I was approached by bigger companies , moments where people would say 'wow , that 's a great opportunity . ' But this has been my dream job , '' Chenault said . He sat down with The Associated Press for his last interview before leaving the company .
Who can blame Chenault , 66 , for moving on ? His successor as CEO and chairman , Steve Squeri , is well on his way to be trained for the job . Any problems that happened under Chenault 's watch , like the loss of a lucrative Costco partnership , have been neatly cleaned up . Since Chenault became CEO in 2001 , American Express ' annual profits have risen from $ 1.31 billion to an adjusted $ 5.3 billion , excluding the impact of the new tax law . Sales rose from $ 17.71 billion to $ 35.58 billion and the stock has more than doubled and is trading at record highs . That said , AmEx shares did underperform the overall S & P 500 index , but outperformed other banks .
`` I hate to see Ken leave . I mean , he 's done a terrific job . His record is really hard to match in corporate America , '' said Warren Buffett , the billionaire investor , in an interview with the AP . Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway is the largest shareholder of American Express , owning 17.5 percent of the company .
Under Chenault , American Express has expanded from its well-to-do and corporate expense account customers into more consumer products . AmEx now markets toward families buying groceries and gasoline an American Express Everyday Card , just as much it markets the Platinum Card toward the jet set who charge six figures a year .
But at the same time , AmEx has faced increased competition while Chenault has been CEO . The company once stood alone in the high-end credit card market . Now there 's the Sapphire Reserve Card by JPMorgan Chase , and Prestige by Citigroup , each with its own points program designed by former AmEx executives . That competition forced AmEx to respond with increased benefits on its premium cards to either keep up with or outsmart its rivals . Last year , AmEx raised the annual fee by $ 100 to $ 550 , but added new benefits like a $ 200 a year credit on Uber . The company said it ended 2017 with the most Platinum Card users ever , despite the fee increase .
`` Ken and his management team have built a terrific business even through a tough competitive environment , '' said Gordon Smith , who runs the consumer banking division at JPMorgan Chase . He used to run the U.S. cards business at AmEx before going off to compete directly with Chenault .
The biggest threat to Chenault 's legacy came not from a competitor , but from a customer : Costco . The warehouse chain and American Express had a business partnership that stretched back to 1999 , where Costco would only accept AmEx credit cards . There was also a co-brand credit card program between the two companies .
But that business relationship came to an abrupt halt in 2015 , when Costco announced it was changing its credit card payment network to Visa Inc. and that Citigroup would take over the co-brand card . At the time of the announcement , the retailer represented 8 percent of all spending on the American Express payment network and 20 percent of all loans .
`` If Chenault had left two years ago , we would be having a different conversation , '' said Sanjay Sakhrani , an analyst with Keefe , Bruyette & Woods , who covers American Express .
American Express is both a payment processing company and a credit card issuer . Unlike Visa , which acts as a middle man between the bank that issues a debit or credit card and the merchant that accepts it , AmEx operates what it calls a `` closed loop '' business where it does both .
AmEx makes most of its money off its so-called `` discount rate . '' While the rate varies from business to business , and industry to industry , typically AmEx charges the merchant a small percentage of each transaction . The company 's average discount rate was 2.41 percent in the fourth quarter last year .
Chenault remained an adamant defender of AmEx 's traditional business model , and urged patience from investors . He also argued at the time that the discount rate that Costco wanted for its new contract with AmEx `` did n't make economic sense . ''
To make up for the Costco loss , the company successfully pumped billions into increased marketing to existing Costco card users to get them to switch to new AmEx card before handing over the portfolio to Citigroup . And the company is now trying to grow loans on its own products by allowing customers to carry a balance instead of paying the full amount at the end of the month , as was traditional with AmEx 's charge cards .
`` When the Costco deal came along , I 'll bet 90 percent of the analysts on Wall Street were all questioning 'how can you give up Costco ? ' But he was perfectly willing to take some sticks and stones for a couple years and he knew he was doing the right thing , '' Buffett said .
American Express still faces threats to its business . It is still typically the most expensive card for merchants to accept and some merchants have concluded they can do without the access to AmEx 's high-spending card members . Its recent choice to expand into lending could put the company more at risk if a deep recession comes again .
Along with increased competition , Chenault faced two other crises under his watch .
Chenault was less than a year into his role as CEO when the September 11th attacks happened . American Express 's headquarters , located at 200 Vesey Street in Manhattan , was , and still is , directly across the street from the World Trade Center site . The building was heavily damaged and unusable for months . American Express lost 11 employees in the attack .
With no headquarters , American Express had to improvise and move its operations to New Jersey and office parks around New York , Connecticut and New Jersey for months after the attacks .
The 2008 financial crisis also fundamentally changed AmEx . While AmEx never held any toxic mortgages or complicated financial products , it did have a direct exposure to the U.S. consumer through its credit cards . Losses skyrocketed as people and businesses failed to pay their bills . AmEx received $ 3.4 billion in funds from the $ 700 billion bank bailout program in late 2008 , which it then repaid less than a year later . The company came under more regulatory oversight , and now has to participate in the Federal Reserve 's `` stress tests . ''
`` Whether it was the tragedy of 9/11 , the financial crisis , or the reordering of our co-brand partnerships ( like Costco ) , we 've emerged stronger , '' Chenault said .
Chenault is a reserved person . He does n't weigh in on big public issues , do interviews often , or carry that big public persona that colleagues like JPMorgan Chase 's Jamie Dimon or Goldman Sachs ' Lloyd Blankfein have . He does have one role that he 's keenly aware of , however . When Chenault became CEO , he was only the third black CEO of a Fortune 500 company ever . And for several years after his appointment , other black men and women were hired as CEOs , at companies such as McDonald 's , Xerox and Merrill Lynch . But that trend has reversed . With Chenault retiring , there will be only three black CEOs at Fortune 500 companies : drug company Pfizer , financial company TIAA and retail chain JCPenney .
`` It 's embarrassing . There are thousands of people who are just as qualified or more qualified than I am who deserve this opportunity , but have n't been given the opportunity . You need a pipeline of people coming in . You need to create an environment where people are embraced and engaged rather than just tolerated . ''
Chenault has been well paid for his work at AmEx . He owns 1.26 million shares of American Express , a stake worth more than $ 120 million , which does not include the options and unvested stock awards he will get when he retires , potentially worth hundreds of millions of dollars . He has used his wealth and position to promote African-American causes as well as education and finding treatments for drug addiction . He is chairman of the Smithsonian 's National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington , D.C. , and helped raise the money needed to complete the building .
In his next chapter , Chenault is n't entirely leaving the corporate world . He will be joining the corporate boards of Facebook and Airbnb , on top of the boards of IBM and Proctor & Gamble that he current sits on .
Chenault said he 's excited about joining Facebook , particularly at a time when the social media giant 's role in modern culture is under scrutiny . He will be the first black person to join the company 's board .
`` I think ( Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg ) recognizes Facebook 's importance in developing communities , but also understands the responsibilities that come with that , '' Chenault said . `` I 'm excited . about the opportunity to help him achieve that vision . ''
___
Ken Sweet covers banks and financial issues for The Associated Press . Follow him on Twitter at @ kensweet .
LOS ANGELES — The Latest on a Los Angeles school shooting ( all times local ) :
11:35 a.m .
Los Angeles police say the students hurt in the middle school shooting suffered their injuries after a single gunshot was fired from inside a 12-year-old girl 's backpack in a middle school classroom .
Police spokesman Josh Rubenstein said Friday that investigators believe the bullet struck a 15-year-old girl in the wrist and then hit another classmate in the head .
Doctors say the bullet that struck the boy in the head did n't hit anything vital and his injuries are not life-threatening .
Two other children and a staff member were hit by broken glass .
Police have said they believe the shooting was an accident . Rubenstein said the semi-automatic handgun was n't registered . Detectives do n't know where the girl got the gun .
The girl was booked into Juvenile Hall on Thursday night on suspicion of negligently discharging a firearm on school grounds .
Police said she 's retained an attorney and was not answering questions .
——–
Midnight :
A student at a Los Angeles middle school says a 12-year-old girl who allegedly shot classmates told him it was an accident .
Jordan Valenzuela says he heard a bang and screaming from a next-door classroom at Salvador B. Castro Middle School on Thursday morning . Jordan says the girl , who 's a friend , sobbed and told him she 'd brought a gun to school in a backpack and it went off when she dropped the pack .
A 15-year-old boy was shot in the head but doctors say he 'll recover . A 15-year-old girl was shot in the wrist while two other children and a staff member were hit by broken glass .
Police determined that the shooting was an accident and booked the girl on suspicion of negligently discharging a firearm .
Police have n't said how she got the semi-automatic handgun or why she brought it to campus .
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon .
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers .
DOBSON — A number of students from Surry County and elsewhere in this region of North Carolina are heading to a statewide National History Day competition on Saturday , after qualifying for the competition with their performances at a recent regional contest held at Surry Community College .
The local college accommodated more than 150 students in this year 's district competition , which included area schools in northwestern North Carolina . It was the college 's sixth year hosting the event that attracted competitors from Surry Early College in Dobson ; Millennium Charter Academy in Mount Airy ; as well as Patton High School , Morganton ; Atkins and North Forsyth high schools , Winston-Salem ; Hendersonville Middle School , Hendersonville ; East Iredell Middle School , Statesville ; and Classical Scholars , Arden .
Surry Community College is one of eight statewide district hosts , along with Chowan University , the University of North Carolina at Greensboro , East Carolina University , Cape Fear Museum , the University of North Carolina at Charlotte , North Carolina State Archives and Western Carolina University .
“ It was an extremely successful event with a record number of schools represented and the broadest coverage of categories that we have had in our brief history hosting the event , ” said Richard Shelton , a history instructor at Surry Community College and district coordinator for the competition . “ We had an outstanding group of judges and volunteers that made the contest an excellent experience for all . ”
Shelton was all smiles during the competition and said it was his favorite day of the year .
“ I love seeing the kids ' faces light up as they show off their hard work , ” he added .
Categories of participation include documentaries , dramatic performances , exhibits , historical papers and website designs , with all but historical papers open to individual or group participation . Participants were assigned a project theme , “ Conflict and Compromise in History . ”
Winners in the various categories are : Anna Banas , Meryn Dougherty and Sara Windsor of Millennium Charter Academy placed first in Junior Group Documentary . Hendersonville Middle School students Catherine Jones and Halle Vasquez placed second in Junior Group Documentary , while classmates Emily Fogo and Lilly Simmons won third in the same category .
The Junior Group Performance by Katherine Grady , Katy Sue Malt and Sierra Manning of Classical Scholars took home a blue ribbon .
Anne Jones and Ava Moss of Hendersonville Middle School won first place in Junior Group Exhibit , Lilliana Sanchez and Natalia Nieto of East Iredell Middle School placed second , and Daniel Shinault and David Shinault of Millennium Charter Academy took third .
Hendersonville Middle School students Hayden Thompson and Melodi Va n't Hoff won first place in Junior Group Website , while classmates Cecelia Cagle and Vanessa Wingard won second place . The winners of the Junior Individual Website were also from Hendersonville Middle School with the first place going to Grace Currin . Second place went to Rebecca McDowell , and Taryn Keyzer received third .
Junior Individual Exhibit winners were : first place , Sophia Kiser of Millennium Charter Academy , second place , Abby Ferguson of East Iredell Middle School and third place , Annika Joyce of Millennium Charter Academy .
Madelyn Hill from Hendersonville Middle School won first place in Junior Individual Paper .
Atkins High School students John Davenport , Amon Quick and Kendall Tillery won first in Senior Group Documentary . Surry Early College 's Matthew Gillespie , Isaac Bledsoe , Cesar Rodriguez and Oscar Ocampo won second in the same category , while classmates Jacob Lowe , Jett Midkiff , Juan Santamaria and Nathaniel Whitt won third place .
The Senior Group Performance category was won by students from North Forsyth High School . Ryan Garcia , Yvette Torres and Triston Vanhoy placed first while Daniela Alvarado and Rebeca Coreas placed second .
First place in Senior Group Exhibit went to Paloma Garcia and Abril Sanchez of Surry Early College . North Forsyth High School students Diana Angeles , Reyna Flores and Carina Barbosa won second place in the same category , while classmates Victoria Sostaita and Aarti Saina won third .
Senior Group Website winners were Alex Urquiza , Jesus Martinez and Eric Soriano of Surry Early College . Jackson Northern and Jackson Oves of Atkins High placed second , and North Forsyth High students Andrew Banner , David Boyer and Andrew Sanderson placed third . The Senior Individual Website winners were all from North Forsyth High with Brianna Cordero placing first , Andrea Rodriguez placing second and Malcolm Jones placing third .
Winners in the Senior Individual Documentary are first place , Maria Granados of North Forsyth ; second place , Miguel Paredes of Surry Early College ; and third place , Emily Cazarez of Surry Early College .
Alexa Langley of Atkins won first in Senior Individual Performance , while Elisha Wells of North Forsyth won second and classmate Dorrian Perkins won third . Kaley Wood of Atkins took first place in Senior Individual Exhibit , Aleah Gunthrope of North Forsyth second place and Lauren Barker of Surry Early College placed third .
The Senior Individual Paper winners are Sterling Hall of Patton with a first-place win . Brianna Lawless of North Forsyth placed second and classmate Danae ' Anderson placed third .
National History Day was established in 1974 and offers year-long academic programs that engage more than half a million middle and high-school students around the world annually in conducting original research on historical topics of interest . These research-based projects are entered into contests at the local , district , and state levels , where the top student projects have the opportunity to advance to the National Contest at the University of Maryland at College Park .
The winners of the Surry Community College contest will now travel to Raleigh on Saturday for the state competition .
For more information about getting involved in the National History Day competition , contact Rick Shelton at ( 336 ) 386-3236 or sheltonr @ surry.edu .
Paloma Garcia and Abril Sanchez of Surry Early College received first place in the Senior Group Exhibit with their display of Shay 's Rebellion . https : //www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_Photo-2-Shay-s-Rebellion.jpg Paloma Garcia and Abril Sanchez of Surry Early College received first place in the Senior Group Exhibit with their display of Shay 's Rebellion . Submitted photo Surry Community College recently held a regional National History Day competition for middle and high school students . Award winners represent schools including Millennium Charter Academy , Patton High School , Atkins High School , Surry Early College , North Forsyth High School , Hendersonville Middle School , East Iredell Middle School , and Classical Scholars . https : //www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_Photo-1-All-Participants.jpg Surry Community College recently held a regional National History Day competition for middle and high school students . Award winners represent schools including Millennium Charter Academy , Patton High School , Atkins High School , Surry Early College , North Forsyth High School , Hendersonville Middle School , East Iredell Middle School , and Classical Scholars . Submitted photo Students from Surry Early College participated in this year 's National History Day competition . https : //www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_Photo-3-Surry-Early-College.jpg Students from Surry Early College participated in this year 's National History Day competition . Submitted photo
Students heading to state competition
MILAN — Bank boss Gaetano Micciche has been elected president of Serie A .
Micciche , the president of Banca IMI , was chosen unanimously on Monday by the Italian league 's 20 clubs .
He succeeds Maurizio Beretta , who left the position nearly a year ago .
The league has been under emergency leadership , first by former Italian football federation president Carlo Tavecchio then by Italian Olympic Committee president Giovanni Malago .
Malago recommended Micciche for the position .
The federation remains under emergency leadership following Tavecchio 's resignation in the wake of Italy 's failure to qualify for the World Cup .
The 22-year-old is looking for Mrs Right in the villa – but also has his sights set on a bromance
Adam Collard is a Geordie personal trainer who describes himself as “ tall ” , “ dark ” and “ in good shape ” .
Advertisement
The 22-year-old Love Island contestant reckons his work will help him get on with the others in the villa : “ I speak to a lot of new people every day through my job and so I can always relate to someone somehow . ”
As a PT and gym director , Adam is very disciplined . Once , on a date , he had to “ slyly text ” his dad to get him to pretend he was stuck in the airport so he would n't have to eat pizza with his then-girlfriend . “ I was on a really serious prep for a fitness shoot… I could n't be near pizza , ” he says . “ That was the best shape I 've ever been in at the time . ”
He also has a YouTube channel where he uploads fitness videos and tutorials .
Adam 's had two serious ex-girlfriends . “ I 've had a couple of relationships where they 've been a year and a half . The one before last which was when I was younger , I did mess her about and cheat on her which caused a lot of arguments but I was a lot younger . The one I was with last , I genuinely thought at the time that I was in love with her and I was completely loyal . I still got a lot of attention but I genuinely did n't cheat . ”
Adam told RadioTimes.com that he has no qualms about getting amorous in the house . “ I 'll probably have sex on TV , but it 's not that bad . You ca n't really see much . I 'm in there for eight weeks and I 'm sharing a bed with someone , so I 'm not going to be surprised if something happens .
“ Some of the girls might want to try before they buy . ”
What is Adam looking for in a girl ?
Adam seems to have quite a relaxed approach to finding love in the villa . “ I just want to have a good time and see what happens , ” he says . “ I like meeting people and talking to everybody so I think even if I do or I do n't find Mrs Right , it 'll be fine . ”
He would be attracted to a “ dominant girl who keeps me on my toes but who is also genuine and down to earth and who I could take home to family if I wanted to ” . He “ ca n't stand ” girls who are too materialistic or have bad teeth .
But it 's not just girls that Adam is concerned with , “ I think there 'll be a bromance as much as there 'll be a romance , ” he says .
Who is Adam Collard ? Key facts :
Coupled up with : Rosie Williams
Age : 22
Job : Personal Trainer and Gym Director
Twitter : @ theadamcollard
Instagram : adamcollard
Location : Newcastle
Advertisement
Love Island airs 9pm on ITV2
The funding switch has n't changed the title 's plan : A first-person survival horror trudge through the jungles of Vietnam , rooting the player in the boots of Captain Willard ( Martin Sheen in the original film ) on his mission to assassinate the rogue Colonel Kurtz ( Marlon Brando ) . The new , standalone site aims to become a hub for community engagement during the game 's long development . According to the team 's post on the game 's Kickstarter , backers and fans can visit the site to `` see real-time updates on the game through posts , livestreams and group community events '' and enjoy direct communication with the team .
The reward options on the dedicated crowdfunding site are mostly the same as those on the game 's Kickstarter , though they also give access to an eventual beta version of the game . Legacy backers who opt to give again to the new campaign will automatically get bumped up a tier .
It should be noted that the Kickstarter campaign was never intended to fund the whole game -- just raise about one-fifth of the production 's funding total before a second-longer term effort launched , according to The Verge . It 's unclear whether the Kickstarter campaign will stay up for a moonshot hope at funding the last $ 720,000 or be shut down before it ends in 9 days .
Backers will receive their rewards shortly after the larger funding goal has been met , according to an update on the Kickstarter campaign 's page , but that 's the extent of information on the crowdfunding transition . We 've reached out to Apocalypse Now 's team and will update when we learn more .
Terry To Leave Chelsea After 22 Years At Stamford Bridge
Top of the table Chelsea have announced that long serving captain John Terry will be leaving at the end of the season .
The former England international joined the youth ranks of the Blues back in 1995 and has enjoyed a successful career at Stamford Bridge .
The 36-year-old has won four EPL titles , five FA Cups , three League Cups , one UCL and one Europa league trophy . Terry has made 713 appearances for Chelsea and 578 of those with the captain armband .
Terry told Chelsea 's official website : “ After 22 years there is so much to say and so many people to thank at this great football club . From coaches , team-mates and staff to the fans who have given me so much support down the years , I ca n't thank you enough . There will be opportunities for me to speak further about this over the coming weeks .
“ I will decide on my future in due course , but for now I am committed to helping the team achieve success this season .
“ The club and I have always had a fantastic relationship , which will continue beyond my playing days . We had some really positive talks but with everything taken into careful consideration I have decided it 's the right time for me to leave . I 've always been conscious that I depart at the right time , in the right way , and I feel that the end of this season is the right time for the club and I .
“ I feel I still have plenty to offer on the pitch but understand that opportunities here at Chelsea will be limited for me . I 'm eager to carry on playing and so will be looking to continue with a new challenge . I will of course always be a Blue and am desperate to end my final season as a Chelsea player with more silverware .
“ Finally , words can not describe the love I have for our football club and our amazing Chelsea fans . I would like to thank each and every one of you from the bottom of my heart for the unbelievable support you 've shown me over the years . You mean the world to me and every trophy we 've won during my time at the club we 've won together . I will never forget the incredible journey we 've been on . Thank you so much for everything . '
Chelsea director Marina Granovskaia added : “ Everyone at Chelsea would like to place on record our thanks to John for all he has done for this football club . He has been an outstanding player , inspirational captain and has always demonstrated an exceptional commitment to the cause .
“ In that time , Chelsea has grown into one of the world 's top clubs and it is only right that John 's contribution is recognised . He will always be held in the highest regard by everybody at Stamford Bridge and we look forward to welcoming him back in the future . ”
The post Terry To Leave Chelsea After 22 Years At Stamford Bridge appeared first on 360Nobs.com .
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Allan Donald has pleaded Morne Morkel not to sign a Kolpak deal and to dedicate his career to his country .
Rumours have tipped the 32-year-old with a potential Kolpak move , with interest shown by a number of county sides .
ALSO READ : Morkel targeted in Kolpak pursuit
Donald said that Morkel has been rethinking his future but he believes that the Proteas bowler should not consider a move abroad .
‘ Do n't reconsider your future . South Africa needs you , ' Donald was quoted saying on the Titans ' official website .
‘ Your performances against England in the Test series were the best I have seen you bowl in a very , very long time . '
He continued by pleading CSA to offer him a contract he desires .
‘ Give him what he wants . Let him retire on his terms . We need him this summer . I have not seen him bowl this well for many , many seasons , ' said Donald .
‘ There 's no doubt . Morkel is world-class . It is just a shame that he did not take bucket loads of wickets in England because he deserved it .
‘ He beat the bat on countless occasions without reward '
Morkel won the South African Man of the Series in the Proteas ' 3-1 defeat against England , picking up 19 wickets at an average of 26.36 including 4-41 at Old Trafford .
In the absence of Dale Steyn , the Proteas speedster formed a formidable opening partnership with Vernon Philander , as the side 's two most experienced bowlers .
The former South African assistant coach and Proteas bowling legend , who took 330 wickets in 72 Tests , said he was impressed with Morkel 's dedication and commitment after coming back from a life-threatening injury .
Donald also praised his lethalness against left-handed batsmen , after the lanky paceman dismissed Alastair Cook for a record-extending 12th time in the series .
‘ I do n't think Andrew Strauss wanted to face him again after the 2012 series . In this series , Morkel did the job against both left and right-handers .
‘ It is an injustice that no South African bowler completed a five-wicket haul , especially Morkel , ' remarked Donald .
Morkel has played 78 Test for South Africa , taking 272 wickets .
Photo : Ishara S.Kodikara/AFP/Getty Images
It 's unclear if the update will also resolve the issue regarding repairs done with genuine replacement Apple displays , which apparently affects the automatic brightness level when placed by third-party repair companies . According to our report , this is an issue that dates back to iOS 11.1 , and could somehow be tied to the company wanting to lock downTouchID and FaceID sensors for security reasons . Or , as some aftermarket companies claim , could also be a way to damage trust in third-party repair shops .
iOS 11.3.1 will likely be available to customers soon . Apple is also running a beta version of iOS 11.4 for developers , which 9to5Mac says will likely be out in late May or early June .
Baker Mayfield of Oklahoma won the 83rd Heisman Trophy in one of the most lopsided votes in in the history of the award .
Some notable facts and numbers about Mayfield 's victory :
— Sixth Oklahoma player to win the award , joining Billy Vessels ( 1952 ) , Steve Owens ( 1969 ) , Billy Sims ( 1978 ) , Jason White ( 2003 ) and Sam Bradford ( 2008 ) .
— Six Heisman trophies for Oklahoma trails only Notre Dame , Ohio State and Southern California . Each have seven , though USC 's Reggie Bush later had his victory vacated for NCAA rules violations .
— First senior to win the Heisman since Troy Smith of Ohio State in 2006 .
— Seventh player to finish in the top five of Heisman voting three times , and first since Herschel Walker , who won the award in 1982 . Mayfield was fourth in 2015 and third in 2016 .
— 732 first-place votes received , fifth most in Heisman history .
— 86 per cent of total possible points received , third highest percentage in Heisman history behind Smith ( 91.63 ) and Oregon Marcus Mariota ( 90.92 ) in 2014 .
Dangote to become world 's largest exporter of rice In 2021- Adesina
The President , African Development Bank ( AfDB ) , Mr Akinwumi Adesina , says Africa 's richest man , Aliko Dangote , will become the largest exporter of rice in the world by 2021 . Adesina said this at the Mo Ibrahim Forum in Morocco over the weekend . He said Africa should focus on agriculture to drive growth and employment on the continent .
This post was syndicated from The NEWS . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Citizens will have more time to comment on the draft environmental assessment for Crocker Wind Farm proposed in Clark County , according to an …
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
by Chuck Papp , Contributing Writer
Well the 2018 Shot Show has come and gone , and this year appears to be no different than previous years with the arrival of new firearms , ammo , and gear for the upcoming year .
As far as handguns go it seems the new favorite is the Sig Sauer p365 . This seems like the new carry pistol for licensed cwp holders . It 's a double stacked 9mm carry gun with a striker fired mechanism . Another is the Glock 19x . Basically a full-size 9mm pistol with a 17rd magazine capacity , equipped with night sights , lanyard ring , and in a FDE finish . May be the way to go for a backup firearm for the hunter or outdoors person .
The big news in shotguns seems to be the Remington and Mossberg DM series , which is a box fed magazine instead of the tube fed design . Now I must say , to all his own on this one . I see no practical purpose for this short of wanting to switch out different shotshell , slugs , or buckshot quicker . For that reason , only , it may serve someone 's needs better . The Mossberg Shockwave and Remington Tac series of 12ga firearms are now available in different finishes , and now in 20ga versions . For someone looking for that classic double barrel shotgun , Savage has brought out the classic Fox model . Better have saved your pennies though , they will start around $ 5000.00 and will be sought after making them hard to get .
As far as rifles go , Ruger has brought out their Precision Series in a 22lr offering and Maurer has brought out an economy version of their popular bolt action hunting rifle in the M18 . It may go for around $ 700.00 but you are getting a very nice rifle . You can spend less and get less . This one appears to bring a new standard to the economy line of hunting rifles . As far as the MSR style of rifles go , which is your AR 15 type , there have been additions made , but at this time the market is flooded with this type of rifle . With lack luster sales along with a slowing market for these rifles , how many make it out is yet to be seen .
So , this year does not look too bad if you are out to get a firearm , for your collection or just to maybe get your first .
Chuck Papp Delray Shooting Center .
SaveSave
Only in Canada . The federal government has bought itself a pipeline to the West Coast , the Trans Mountain , and a crown corporation will expand it — at least for now . The decision is remarkable on political and economic grounds , turning upside down the dynamics of the federal government 's previous oilpatch investments , and on international ethical grounds , too .
It 's a mark of how much the politics of nationalization have changed , that this was considered to be a last resort . In the 1950s through the 1970s , nationalization was often the first resort in the name of putting commercial activity to the common good , which was thought to be only something governments could adequately do . Indeed , the flagship economic policy of Quebec was the nationalization of its hydroelectric capacity in the 1960s .
It 's a mark of how much the politics of nationalization have changed
In the 1970s , after the first Arab oil shock drove up oil prices , it was thought that Canadian oil reserves — massive then and more massive now — were too much in the hands of American companies , and therefore being made to serve U.S. interests . The decision of the federal , Alberta and Ontario governments to purchase a stake in Syncrude was to ensure that Canadian resources got to market after Atlantic Richfield ( now part of BP but then an American firm ) pulled out .
Today , it is an American company that wants to build the Trans Mountain pipeline , to ensure that Alberta oil gets to the international market , rather than being sold at a discount to the United States . The plan is being blocked not in Texas , but in British Columbia , and so the federal government is putting up billions to ensure that what an American firm wants to do privately for the benefit of Canadian energy exports can be done instead at public expense to overcome opposition by the B.C . government .
It is an only-in-Canada story . It reminds one of the Mike Duffy affair for its Canadian content , a scandal in which the critical misdeed was paying money back to the government .
It is possible that the Kinder Morgan purchase will get the pipeline expansion built and yield a profit for Canada . The auto bailout almost a decade ago was a success , though this file is rather more complicated . In the auto bailout there were no significant actors beavering away to make the auto plants close . Here the entire project is in the teeth of such opposition , opposition which the federal government is likely sympathetic to . It was the decision of the federal government to cancel the other pipeline options — Northern Gateway and Energy East — as well as to limit tanker traffic on the West Coast that made the Trans Mountain the only pipeline left standing , to use a metaphor ill-suited for an essential horizontal engineering project .
On the other hand , whether it is getting new helicopters for the armed forces , putting a new subway into Toronto , or managing to get clean drinking water to remote Aboriginal communities , the government 's record on procurement and infrastructure does not build confidence .
Only-in-Canada has another aspect , too . Somehow the debate in Canada has put the energy industry on the defensive , so that extraordinary measures are required to get Canadian products to market .
Land-locking Canadian energy is a peculiar ethical choice . The world will not use less energy if we force ourselves , as we do now , to sell our products to Americans at a discount . But the energy the world uses will be produced by odious regimes that use the profits to degrade their own people .
International journalists heading for the World Cup in Russia next month should be careful what they write about the corruption in Russia 's energy sector . Just this week , the Ukrainian Security Service said it foiled a plot to murder a Russian journalist who is a strong critic of the Kremlin and so in exile in Kyiv . The next World Cup , in 2022 in Qatar , will highlight how oil wealth can coexist quite well with the exploitation of slave labour .
Anyone who purchases Venezuelan oil is indirectly contributing to a regime that has so brutalized its own people that they must rummage through the garbage for food .
When Petro-Canada was launched in the 1970s , the talk was about a made-in-Canada energy policy . Canada now has a unique set of policies .
Anyone who purchases Venezuelan oil is indirectly contributing to a regime that brutalizes its own people
The Ontario government has signed contracts to purchase high-cost alternative energy that is not needed and thus often sold at a loss to New York . Meanwhile the high cost of Ontario electricity , driven up by those policies , has the same government borrowing to pay rebates to consumers .
Now the federal government is risking billions to do what it already has the constitutional authority to do , and what is good for Canadian exports and employment and for ethical energy production worldwide .
Everything is upside down . Only in Canada .
The holiday season is all about traditions and if you 're looking to make new family traditions , you 're in luck ! Lifestyle Expert Stefaney Rants has all the details for Dollywood 's Harvest Festival presented by Humana featuring a brand-new night time event , Great Pumpkin Luminights . Visit Dollywood.com for all the details !
Advertisement
The unmanned aerial vehicle ( UAV ) industry and hobbyists alike have been quick to condemn an alleged close encounter with commercial airliner . News of the incident emerged after an undated video taken from the UAV , or drone , involved was posted on YouTube .
The 27-sec.video clip starts airborne above Las Vegas . How high the drone is flying is not clear , but it appears obviously above the altitude limit set by the FAA as a large white object moves into frame . The camera turns to track the object , which is revealed to be an Airbus in Frontier Airlines livery . The camera pans around as the aircraft passes underneath . It is hard to make out relative distances in the unmarked expanse of sky , but it appears to be uncomfortably close .
By all appearances , this is clearly and explicitly an illegal and reckless flight by a drone . The unmanned aircraft is above 400 ft. , it is near an airport , and it is above another , manned aircraft—all gross violations of the rules that govern unmanned aviation .
The Academy of Model Aeronautics , which represents hobbyist pilots of drones and model airplanes , immediately released a statement : “ No one should be flying in a careless and reckless manner and—importantly—all drone and model aircraft pilots must stay well clear of manned aircraft . We condemn the type of operation depicted in this video . ”
Online , people worked to track down the specific airport—McCarran International—and figure out from flight paths and the low sun in the sky when exactly this happened . Elsewhere within the hobby community , other drone pilots shared the video of the flight , condemning the reckless action of the pilot .
The Association of Unmanned Vehicles Systems International , a drone industry group , also released a statement condemning the close call : “ All UAS operators need to understand their aircraft , stay well clear of manned aircraft and adhere to the law . AUVSI supports strict enforcement against careless and reckless operators who endanger the safety of the airspace and violate the law . ”
FAA said it is aware of the incident and is investigating .
ATLANTA — When the National Rifle Association urged the government to revisit whether “ bump stocks ” should be restricted , it immediately raised eyebrows . Why would the nation 's leading gun-rights organization , not known for compromise , be willing to bend even just a bit when it wields perhaps more influence than ever ?
Some gun-industry experts say the NRA 's move is little more than a ruse to stall any momentum for wider gun control until outrage over the Las Vegas attack subsides . It also carries little risk . For one , it 's rare for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives to reverse course without a change in the law . For another , “ bump stocks ” are not big moneymakers for the gun industry . And by seeking an administrative change , rather than a new law , the NRA allows its supporters in Congress to avoid going on the record with a vote .
“ They 're dismissed as silly gadgets that really inhibit the accuracy of a firearm . If these bump stocks were super popular among gun owners , we 'd see a very different position from the NRA , ” said Adam Winkler , a professor at the University of California , Los Angeles , School of Law and author of “ Gunfight : The Battle over the Right to Bear Arms in America . ”
The NRA “ can throw a sacrificial lamb of ‘ bump stocks ' because they know that gun owners do n't use them or like them , ” he added .
The devices , originally intended to help people with disabilities , fit over the stock and pistol grip of a semi-automatic rifle and allow the weapon to fire continuously , some 400 to 800 rounds in a single minute , mimicking a fully automatic firearm . Bump stocks were found among the weapons used by Stephen Paddock as he rained bullets from a Las Vegas casino high-rise last Sunday . The gunfire killed 58 people at a concert below and wounded hundreds more .
On Thursday , the NRA issued a statement that urged the ATF to review whether the devices comply with federal law and said it “ believes that devices designed to allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully automatic rifles should be subject to additional regulations . ”
The statement pointedly noted that it was under President Barack Obama 's administration that the devices were authorized to be sold and again urged Congress to enact one of the gun lobby 's top priorities : a national “ concealed-carry reciprocity ” law that would require all states to recognize other states ' concealed carry permits .
In a matter of hours , NRA chief lobbyist Chris Cox put to rest any sense that the group was actively seeking a ban of bump stocks , telling Fox News ' Tucker Carlson : “ What we 've said is ATF needs to do their job . ATF needs to look and if there 's technology that 's come to the market that allow for a semi-automatic rifle to function as a fully automatic rifle , they need to be regulated differently . We did n't talk about banning anything . ”
Notably , the nation 's other leading gun lobbying groups , including Gun Owners of America , reiterated their opposition to restricting or banning the devices .
The few companies that sell bump stocks are known to include in their packaging a letter from the ATF from 2010 , when the agency concluded that they were not restricted by either the Gun Control Act or the National Firearms Act .
The ATF provides guidance when a manufacturer asks the agency to evaluate a firearm or accessory to determine if its sale is restricted by either federal law . It is extremely rare for the ATF to reconsider its previous guidance unless federal law changes — so rare that experts could think of only one time when it has happened , and even then they were n't sure their memories were correct .
The agency , describing its process in general on Friday , indicated that Congress will be responsible for decisions about regulating or banning the devices .
It was not immediately clear whether President Donald Trump or Attorney General Jeff Sessions , who oversees the ATF , could order it to re-evaluate its judgment about devices .
The NRA is viewed as the most powerful and most inflexible group in the gun lobby . It pours millions of dollars into political campaigns and successfully blocks legislation that would either ban certain firearms or make them more difficult to purchase . The NRA has only gained influence following the election of Trump , who became the first president since Ronald Reagan to address the group 's annual meeting .
After some particularly deadly mass shootings , the NRA has worked to find some common ground with gun-control advocates .
Following the 2007 Virginia Tech shooting in which a mentally ill student shot and killed 32 people and wounded 17 , the NRA worked with gun-control advocates to fund a bill designed to improve record keeping so that people with mental illnesses were unable to purchase a firearm .
In the days following the Las Vegas attack , unusual alliances began to emerge between top Democratic and Republican members of Congress urging that bump stocks be banned . If the devices were restricted by an administrative ruling , it would spare NRA supporters in Congress from having to go on the record with a vote .
John Feinblatt , president of Everytown for Gun Safety , cast the NRA 's move as a “ wink and a nod . ”
“ They 're not making a concession . What they 've really done is punted this to the very federal agency that said bump stocks were legal , ” Feinblatt said . “ This was just a wink and nod . ”
In bespoke tailoring the main thing that gives so much pleasure for me is that I 'm dealing with individuals . People who have different ideas and personalities which I have to remember and adapt my fitting and styling to so that we both achieve what we want . Yes , we 've a house style but subtle differences are what it 's all about .
As I 've always said you 're only as good as your last coat . This is not simply a matter of technical ability or quality of workmanship . It 's very much to do with understanding what your client truly wants from his commission . In simple terms you can cut what you think is perfect but find your client 's not as convinced . In exactly the same way I may not be happy with the result but my client is over the moon as we 've hit the spot exactly . This is of course is because it 's for an individual who thankfully has different ideas from everyone else which lets me enjoy a different challenge every time I put my shears in the cloth . It 's the old saying , “ one mans meat is another mans poison ”
The picture above is a classic example of this . This belongs to a lovely client who 's been kind enough to order a very substantial wardrobe from us . He 's all the classics then some very unusual suits that break the mould . He owns a beautiful classic single breasted overcoat but he wanted something shorter , more fitted and easier to wear on all occasions .
When I started in the trade this type of garment was called a “ car coat ” . You do n't hear the term any more but it was for exactly as its name suggest . Originally it was from the great days when most cars where open topped . They were rather chilly and and a nice coat was always needed , certainly in the UK . A classic overcoat would be too bulky and awkward to wear so the driver needed something sporty and comfortable but still had you looking elegantly dressed upon arrival .
So out of necessity the car coat was born . Shorter with a little flair for sitting comfortably with easy to access pockets to get your keys etc . Usually made as our example here of a sportier less formal material such as this lovely tweed from W. Bill which we 've cut with back darts and a half belt for a little extra style . I 'm not sure if my client will be wearing this in an open top vintage Bentley but when he does arrive at his destination he 'll definitely look the best dressed .
© 2017 – 2016 , City Connect News . Copyright Notice & Disclaimer are below .
Related articles :
NEW YORK — Joey “ Jaws ” Chestnut extended his reign as champion eater at the Nathan 's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday , downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for the 11th time .
Miki Sudo held on to her title as the top women 's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off , chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year .
Chestnut said he was “ feeling good . ”
“ I found a vicious rhythm , ” the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session .
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti , a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists did n't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates .
“ Frankly , the judging was just off , ” said George Shea , the longtime Coney Island announcer . “ Joey said , ‘ Look at my plates , ' and Carmen said , ‘ Look at my plates . ' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74 . ”
Eric Gonzalez , the Brooklyn district attorney , certified the final tally and Chestnut 's record of 74 , two more than he consumed last year .
“ At the end of the day , Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs , broke a world record , ” said Cincotti , who celebrated his 26th birthday on Wednesday . “ Apparently they were good dogs . ”
A total of $ 40,000 in prize money was up for grabs , with the first-place winners taking home $ 10,000 each .
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco , of Tucson , Arizona , who chowed down 28 wieners and buns .
Thousands of attendees , many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps , braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk . The outlandish tradition dates to 1972 , though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916 .
Fan Martha Pleasant , of Franklin , New Jersey , said she was attending the competitive eating competition to support her husband , Dwight Pleasant , who “ loves wieners . ”
“ We are trying to knock something off my hubby 's bucket list , ” she said .
——
This story has been corrected to show the hometown is spelled Tucson , not Tuscon .
Grain futures were mostly lower Wednesday in early trading on the Chicago Board of Trade .
Wheat for March delivery was 1.20 cents lower at $ 4.4820 a bushel ; March corn was down 1.40 cents at $ 3.7260 a bushel ; March oats was down 4.40 cents at $ 2.4940 a bushel while March soybeans gained 4 cents to $ 10.49 a bushel .
Beef higher and pork higher on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange .
February live cattle was .13 cent higher at $ 1.1750 a pound ; March feeder cattle was up .63 cent at $ 1.2463 pound ; April lean hogs gained .25 cent to $ .7155 a pound .
A natural gas pipeline has exploded in South Texas , in a fiery display that lit up the sky and could be seen for miles .
Texas Department of Public Safety Sgt . Nathan Brandley says the explosion occurred early Wednesday near Refugio ( ray-FYOO'-ee-oh ) , a rural community north of Corpus Christi , about 15 miles from the Texas Coast .
Brandley says no one was hurt and that there are no refineries or plants nearby .
He says it 's too early to know what triggered the explosion .
Brandley says crews are working to close the line and extinguish the flames .
Mishaps with transmission lines are not uncommon . In the past two decades , the U.S. government has recorded more than 2,000 accidents on gas transmission lines across the country .
Proof Carbon Barrel I have a new Proof Carbon , 30 caliber sendero light contour barrel for sale .
Made to finish at 26 '' and 1-10 twist .
$ 725 shipped
If interested email me at rmpammo @ gmail.com
ShortMag3
Two Nigerians arrested for armed robbery near Ghana President 's home ( photo )
Two Nigerians based in Ghana have been arrested for a broad daylight robbery that occurred yesterday afternoon . The two suspected robbers reportedly deflated the tyres of their victim at the Flagstaff House traffic light and snatched GH¢6,000 ( N428,000 ) he had withdrawn from a bank at Osu . Ghana police identified the two suspects as Ndubueze Odoemenam [ … ]
The post Two Nigerians arrested for armed robbery near Ghana President 's home ( photo ) appeared first on Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog .
This post was syndicated from Nigerian : Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila 's Blog . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
“ We flicker on a screen , we fold and unfold upon the mind 's eye , ” says Vanessa 's wise voiceover as Call the Midwife series seven comes to a bittersweet end . “ Brittle as wings , eternal as a heartbeat . And even when the heart falls silent we do not cease to be . Because in the end we all become memories . ”
Advertisement
As birthday girl Sister Monica Joan ( Judy Parfitt ) watches with delight and surprise ( and sometimes with sorrow ) , images from her long life are projected up on the cinema screen .
Crowded in to the auditorium are Sister Winifred , Val , Phyllis , Sister Julienne , Violet , Tom , Fred , Dr Turner , Shelagh , Lucille and the elderly nun 's many friends and neighbours , all in one place to celebrate together . But – through the power of projection ! – they are also joined by Chummy , Barbara and even Trixie .
The slideshow features photographs of both Chummy ( Miranda Hart ) , everyone 's favourite former midwife , and Barbara ( Charlotte Ritchie ) , whose recent death is deeply felt at Nonnatus House . Our hearts !
Also appearing in Poplar 's local cinema is Nurse Trixie ( Helen George ) , who turns up in home movie footage clutching a sign that says “ see you soon ” . She may not be physically in the cinema to watch Sister Monica Joan blow out the candles on her cake , but her presence is felt as the Call the Midwife family pulls together to remember the past and look to the future .
These poignant final moments have us smiling through the tears , especially as the camera lingers on the red rose and toy carousel on Barbara 's freshly dug grave . It is a fitting end to an episode ( and a series ) full of grief but also friendship .
The toy carousel is a heartrending reminder of the Barbara who rode the merry-go-round on her wedding day just a year ago , grinning at husband Tom ( Jack Ashton ) and looking forward to married life : the Barbara we see on screen at the cinema is only a memory .
But at the same time , this little tin carousel is a symbol of love and friendship .
Reggie , who himself suffered the great loss of his mother , buys the toy for Tom to place on his wife 's grave , reaching out to the widower in his grief . This is a powerful gesture .
So when we see Chummy holding her wedding bouquet and looping arms with husband Peter Noakes ( Ben Caplan ) on the church steps , and when we see Barbara riding the carousel in her wedding dress , and when we see Trixie blowing kisses , it provides us with the perfect moment to pause and take stock after seven years of Call the Midwife .
In Poplar , it 's time to celebrate – but also to remember .
Here 's to the memories . ❤️
Thank you for watching # CallTheMidwife with us . pic.twitter.com/G1h78O8Qya — BBC One ( @ BBCOne ) March 11 , 2018
Advertisement
Call the Midwife will return for series eight
WHAT ! ? Black Lives Matter SHUTS Down Free Speech Event – Because “ Liberalism is White Supremacy ” [ VIDEO ]
If liberals did n't see this one coming , they are even bigger idiots than I thought . At The College of William & Mary , Black Lives Matter shut down an ACLU Free Speech event . Why ? Well , because “ liberalism is white supremacy. ” This is sheer racism which is what Black Lives Matter has been all about form the beginning… that and communism . They derailed an event hosted by the ACLU . It was ironically entitled : “ Students and the First Amendment. ” Considering how they 've tried to silence conservatives , I find that rich . ACLU staffer and W & M alumna Claire Gastañaga was behind the event .
The event was live-streamed by the student group to cover their protest on Facebook . Students stormed the stage just after the lecture began . For about twenty minutes they chanted , drowning out the speaker , Claire Guthrie Gastanaga , the executive director of the ACLU of Virginia . “ ACLU , you protect Hitler , too , ” “ the oppressed are not impressed ” and “ shame , shame , shame , shame ” were among the chants used by the protesters . In addition , they chanted “ the revolution will not uphold the Constitution , ” and “ Liberalism is white supremacy. ” These are racist communists that want to destroy the Constitution and our Republic .
These asshats were protesting the ACLU 's decision to defend the Charlottesville rally that took place on the University of Virginia 's campus in August . Ca n't have free speech if it disagrees with you , now can we ? Except that is what free speech is and the First Amendment is specifically designed to protect speech we do n't like . The organizers of the event eventually pulled the plug after twenty minutes of chanting . I do n't blame them . But BLM should have been arrested for at least disturbing the peace here and more appropriately , inciting violence .
The college issued a statement that read in part that “ silencing certain voices in order to advance the cause of others is not acceptable ” because it “ stifles debate. ” You forgot the word ‘ fascist ' .
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins 's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life . Gleaned from a lifetime of trial , error , and writing it down , Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short , digestible chapters . Buy Now
More from the college :
William & Mary has a powerful commitment to the free play of ideas . We have a campus where respectful dialogue , especially in disagreement , is encouraged so that we can listen and learn from views that differ from our own , so that we can freely express our own views , and so that debate can occur . Unfortunately , that type of exchange was unable to take place Wednesday night when an event to discuss a very important matter – the meaning of the First Amendment — could not be held as planned . … Silencing certain voices in order to advance the cause of others is not acceptable in our community . These stifles debate and prevents those who 've come to hear a speaker , our students in particular , from asking questions , often hard questions , and from engaging in debate where the strength of ideas , not the power of shouting , is the currency . William & Mary must be a campus that welcomes difficult conversations , honest debate and civil dialogue .
This statement is toothless and pretty much meaningless . If you are n't going to stop those who actively silence others from having free speech , then by definition , you no longer have free speech . Liberalism is not white supremacy , but there 's an argument to be made that Black Lives Matter is black supremacy . Oh , yes it is .
Saint Marie 's police station is going to be a lot quieter – because Officer Dwayne Myers ( Danny John-Jules ) has handed in his badge . After seven years and 62 murders successfully solved , one of the last remaining original Death in Paradise cast members is leaving the show .
Advertisement
Will Officer Dwayne Myers be killed off ?
You ca n't blame us for worrying about Dwayne 's safety , because Death in Paradise often has people murdered in spectacular style . As you 'll recall , one previous Detective Inspector was famously murdered with a pickaxe , and another was shot . Saint Marie is a dangerous place .
But like Kris Marshall 's DI Humphrey Goodman , Dwayne will be able to escape in one piece : he wo n't be killed off as part of his exit .
Will Dwayne appear at all in series eight ?
Sadly , no . Officer Dwayne Myers ' absence will be explained , but he wo n't appear on-screen .
How will Dwayne leave Death in Paradise ?
It 's possible that his disappearance from Saint Marie will relate to his dad Nelson Myers ( Ram John Holder ) , who played a major role in series seven . Estranged father Nelson came over from London to build a new relationship with Dwayne , but it was n't all smooth sailing – literally .
After Nelson disappeared again , Dwayne was in the process of asking boss DI Jack Mooney ( Ardal O'Hanlon ) for time off to track down his dad , when Nelson suddenly appeared on the horizon in a leaky boat .
So Dwayne did n't need to go off and find his dad , after all – but many issues with Nelson are unresolved . Will that play a part in his exit storyline ?
Why is Danny John-Jules leaving Death in Paradise ?
Production company Red Planet Pictures say the actor wants to leave the show “ on a high ” .
Advertisement
He has spent seven years filming the drama in Guadeloupe , with his two young children Danté and Danaè playing minor roles in the show as Jackson and Elize . Let 's see what comes next for all of them…
MANCHESTER , England — Jose Mourinho has criticized the atmosphere at “ quiet ” Old Trafford on Alexis Sanchez 's home debut .
The Chile forward , who joined last month from Arsenal , netted the second goal in a 2-0 victory over Huddersfield in the English Premier League on Saturday .
Mourinho says “ the atmosphere is a bit quiet and there is not very ” much enthusiasm .
He wants United fans to emulate the atmosphere at former Premier League club Portsmouth , which is now in the third tier .
Mourinho says Fratton Park is “ such a small stadium , the atmosphere was absolutely incredible. ” Mourinho managed at Portsmouth during a previous Chelsea reign .
There was something odd about her eyes at the press launch screening…
Victoria producer Damien Timmer says he spent three weeks turning Jenna Coleman 's eyes from brown to blue for ITV 's period drama .
Advertisement
Timmer , managing director of Mammoth Productions , and the mastermind behind both Poldark and Victoria , told Radio Times : “ Jenna has brown eyes , and Queen Victoria famously had blue eyes . ”
This may sound like an issue easily rectified with contact lenses , but it was n't that simple . And it was n't until the press launch screening – as critics , cast and crew all had their eyes on Coleman on the big screen – that they realised the problem .
Timmer explained : “ Despite everyone 's best efforts in post-production , the contact lenses were really obvious and strange – you could see these big plastic rims around her eyes . ”
He then spent three weeks picking his way through all eight episodes , frame by frame , and blurring the contact lens edges . “ It cost a lot of money and everyone was very cross with me , ” Timmer said .
Advertisement
So next time you watch Victoria , take a moment to peer deeply into the eyes of Her Maj .
Business News of Friday , 6 October 2017
Source : citibusinessnews.com
2017-10-06
Early power project is expected to produce a 400 megawatts power plant
Parliament has approved a tax exemption package of 90 million dollars to construct the Early Power project .
The project which is worth 647 million dollars is expected to produce a 400 megawatts power plant .
The Early Power deal was originally signed in parliament in August 2016 after the country went through three years of power crisis .
Speaking in parliament today , a Deputy Finance Minister , Kweku Kwarteng hinted that government is undertaking a review of the exemption policy to enable value for money in future contracts .
“ Please take note ; we were compelled to do this because we met an agreement that has already committed government to do this . We also note concerns raised about the cost benefit of this exemption , ” he said .
He disclosed that government has therefore partnered with some international partners to review the impact of exemptions in the economy
“ It is correct that many of us in the past have had reservations about some the exemptions in the economy and it is the reason , we , with the support from DFID are taking steps to do a comprehensive study of the impact of exemptions in the economy ” .
Mr. Kwarteng was optimistic such a study gives government ample evidence on the long term effect of exemptions to multinational companies in the country .
About the Early power deal
The agreement for the 400MW combined cycle gas turbine power plant to be situated in Tema , will be executed by Early Power Limited , a company incorporated in Ghana only in October 27 , 2014 .
Early Power Limited entered into the agreement with the Government of Ghana , together with the Electricity Company of Ghana ( ECG ) , Sage Petroleum Limited , Endeavor and EPL Holdings Cooperate , UA , General Energy Investments ( GE ) IBV , and Quantum Gas Terminals .
The project will involve the development , ownership , operation and management of the 400 MW Combined Cycle Plant to be fueled by either Liquefied Petroleum Gas ( LPG ) or Natural Gas ( NG ) for a 20-year period by Early Power Limited in Tema , strategically close to the Tema Oil Refinery ( TOR ) .
Beyond the 20-year period , the power plant will transfer to a nominated entity by the Government of Ghana at a purchase price of US $ 1.00 .
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich quits Trump 's joined Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank and Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier to leave President Trump 's manufacturing council , marking the third departure by a high-profile business leader in the space of a day .
Plank did n't give a clear reason for stepping down , but his announcement comes amid fierce criticism over Trump 's response to violence over the weekend at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville , Virginia .
`` I am appreciative of the opportunity to have served , but have decided to step down from the council , '' Plank said in a statement . `` I love our country and our company and will continue to focus my efforts on inspiring every person that they can do anything through the power of sport which promotes unity , diversity and inclusion . ''
Krzanich blamed a `` divided political climate '' for his departure .
`` I resigned to call attention to the serious harm our divided political climate is causing to critical issues , including the serious need to address the decline of American manufacturing , '' Krzanich said in the blog post .
Krzanich 's announcement comes hours after Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier , one of the country 's most prominent black corporate executives , quit the council over Trump 's initial failure to condemn white supremacists .
`` America 's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy , '' Frazier said . `` As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience , I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism . ''
That appeared to be a reference to Trump 's statement over the weekend blaming violence `` on many sides '' after neo-Nazis and white nationalists clashed with counter-protesters in Charlottesville .
Day 2 documenting construction of the 2017 ARP/Street Rodder Road Tour 1957 Chevrolet sponsored by Chevrolet Performance at Woodys Hot Rodz in Bright , Indiana began with attaching more of the Golden Star body panels to the previously assembled floor pan and cowl .
The next step in construction of the new 1957 rag top body shell was to hang the doors and install the rocker panels . Both are critical operations as they impact the location of the quarter panels . Not a procedure to be rushed , once the bottoms of the doors and rocker panels had the proper , uniform gaps the rockers were welded to the floor pan .
While the body was being worked on in one corner of the shop , Robert McGaffin was preparing to shoot photos of the ZZ6 crate motor provided by the presenting sponsor , Chevrolet Performance . Out of the box the small-block produces 405 horsepower and 406 lb-ft torque , more than enough to propel our Road Tour car on its appointed rounds .
As our engine was the turnkey version it came with a front drive system that came with an alternator , power steering pump and A/C compressor . Also included were a carburetor and distributor ; however they will be replaced by a FAST fuel injection system and the accompanying distributor . To dress up the engine we will be adding a full complement of fasteners from ARP .
To transmit power the rearend under the Roadster Shop chassis we chose a 4L80E from Hughes . Along with the four-speed automatic overdrive transmission Hughes provided a lock-up converter , stand-alone electronic controller and cooler with an integral fan .
In two days the crew at Woody 's Hot Rodz has made amazing progress on our new 1957 Chevy convertible—and just wait until you s.ee what Day 3 brings .
Sea level rise caused by global warming is threatening the existence of the tiny community of Tangier Island , Virginia , located in Chesapeake Bay .
Yet a CNN report on the town 's plight appears to have prompted President Donald Trump to call the town 's mayor to assure him that his town will not succumb to rising seas by the middle of this century , despite what scientists predict .
Instead , Trump told mayor James “ Ooker ” Eskridge in a phone call on Monday that residents of Tangier Island have nothing to fear when it comes to rising sea levels .
SEE ALSO : Apple is investing $ 1 billion in clean energy with this unique approach
“ He said we should n't worry about rising sea levels , ” Eskridge told The Washington Post . “ He said that ‘ your island has been there for hundreds of years , and I believe your island will be there for hundreds more . ' ”
Eskridge , for his part , does not believe that the town 's flooding issues are a result of global warming , according to the Post 's interview with him .
View photos Map of Tangier Island , Virginia , with 5 feet of sea level rise . More
Image : climate central
“ Like the president , I 'm not concerned about sea level rise , ” he said . “ I 'm on the water daily , and I just do n't see it . ”
Eskridge blames erosion for his town 's flooding problems , though increased erosion is one result of rising sea levels .
Even as the town slips into the sea , with flooding now becoming a regular part of living on the island , residents nonetheless are mainly supporters of the president . According to the Post , Trump received 87 percent of the vote on the island .
Yet whether the mayor sees it or not , the ocean is rising due to warming waters and melting land-based ice sheets and glaciers caused in large part by human emissions of greenhouse gasses .
Nature does n't care whether one believes in a phenomenon in order for it to take place .
According to Climate Central , a research and journalism organization , in Tangier Island , sea level has risen by 9 inches in the past 34 years alone . Climate Central scientists project a middle-range scenario ( i.e . not the worst case ) in which 5.1 feet of increase would occur there by 2100 .
Since sea level rise raises the floor that waves and storm surges launch from , it makes coastal floods more severe and frequent .
The odds of damaging floods in Tangier , for example , are projected to skyrocket during the next few decades . The highest flood on record in Tangier is 4.1 feet , set in 2006 , Climate Central found . Yet between now and 2030 , there will be a 35 percent risk of a potentially catastrophic 5-foot flood , Climate Central found , but this would rise to a 100 percent likelihood by 2100 .
View photos Tangier Island mayor James `` Ooker '' Eskridge , on his boat on May 17 , 2017 . More
HONG KONG ( AP ) — A monthly index shows that Chinese manufacturing started the year off at a slower pace as factory activity eased on softer demand , especially for exports .
The official purchasing managers ' index for January , released on Wednesday , slipped to 51.3 , down from December 's 51.6 and the weakest reading in eight months .
The index is based on a 100-point scale where the 50 mark separates expansion from contraction .
Output and new orders continued to grow but at a slower pace than the previous month .
The PMI is a widely watched gauge for manufacturing in the world 's second-largest economy .
China posted 6.9 percent economic growth last year , beating the government 's official target and analyst forecasts . Economists expect activity to slow this year as the government strives to cool the property market .
Jan. 22
Jesse James Scott , 28 , of Portland , was charged with failure to appear .
Christopher Anthony Shelton , 31 , of Lebanon , was charged with violation of probation .
Terrance Monroe Stewart , 31 , of Lebanon , was charged with sale of schedule II drugs .
Abel Hailemariam Teklu , 23 , of Mt . Juliet , was charged with failure to appear .
Justice Namen Williams , 20 , of Lebanon , was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia , public drunkenness and two counts of simple drug possession .
Jan. 23
Ashley Jean Bancroft , 26 , of Hermitage , was charged with driving with a revoked , suspended or cancelled driver 's license .
Michael Eugene Brigman , 31 , of Nashville , was charged with aggravated assault .
Phillip Wayne Cragwall , 55 , of Lebanon , was charged with violation of probation .
Michael Quintin Cunningham , 23 , of Goodletsville , was charged with violation of probation .
Michael William Defuria , 26 , of Mt . Juliet , was charged with violation of probation .
Felicia Diaz , 31 , of Lebanon , was charged with violation of probation .
Christopher Eric Gunter , 29 , of Mt . Juliet , was charged with violation of probation .
Lonnie Danell Luellen , 29 , of Lebanon , was charged with simple drug possession .
Jonathan Jermaine Marthell , 34 , of Lebanon , was charged with violation of probation .
Robert Allen McKenzie , 51 , of Nashville , was charged with criminal trespass and theft of merchandise worth less than $ 500 .
Johnathan Andrew Palmisano , 29 , of Lebanon , was charged with driving with a revoked , suspended or cancelled driver 's license and possession of drug paraphernalia .
Bradford Lee Pigott , 31 , of Lebanon , was charged with failure to pay child support and violation of probation .
Jeffrey Scott St. John , 28 , of Mt . Juliet , was held for court .
Amy Nicole Stewart , 30 , of Lebanon , was charged with possession and manufacture with intent for resale and criminal trespass .
Steve Lawrence Taylor , 60 , of Mt . Juliet , was charged with violation of probation .
Brandon Mark Williams , 20 , of Lebanon , was charged with driving with a revoked , suspended or cancelled driver 's license .
Jan. 24
Michael James Bayle , 23 , of Lebanon , was charged with vandalism , evading arrest , reckless endangerment , reckless driving , driving with a revoked , suspended or cancelled driver 's license and resisting arrest .
Jerry Apple Birdwell , 51 , of Lebanon , was charged with violation of probation .
Jennifer Lynn Cordova , 34 , of Lebanon , was charged with domestic assault .
–Staff Reports
By Wanda Morris
An online survey from State Farm recently made headlines . Based on the experiences of 3,581 participants , the insurance company 's news release raised the alarm that older drivers are unsafe because of their disproportionate representation in automobile crashes causing severe or fatal injuries .
This is misleading . A rear-end collision that gives a younger driver a headache may send an older one to the hospital . Because of the relative frailty of older drivers , a sustained injury is not an objective way to measure the severity of a collision .
We should be concerned about road safety . But road safety policy must be founded on facts , not opinion polls . According to State Farm , 10 per cent of respondents indicated they had been in a collision with someone age 65 or older . This would only be informative if the actual percentage of collisions involving older drivers was disclosed . It was n't , so this poll result should never have been published and should now be quickly forgotten .
Equally inappropriate is the idea that we should set arbitrary upper age limits for driving . Telling people to hang up their keys at a certain age is not good policy — it 's ageism .
Does this mean there should be no restrictions on driving ? Not at all . But restrictions should be based on people 's ability to drive , not on the year on their birth certificate .
As we age , we lose some of our physical abilities and mental quickness , but we also gain skills from years of practice . Even more importantly , we all age at different rates , some people are old at 50 , others complete marathons in their 80s .
Even mandatory testing at certain ages , a program in force in some provinces , can be unreliable . With so much riding on a successful outcome , test-takers may feel unduly stressed , score false negatives and fail even though they are competent drivers .
One possible solution is the use of graduated de-licensing . Just as new drivers face certain restrictions ( no more than one passenger , no alcohol ) we could implement graduated de-licensing for drivers that are losing their edge .
As drivers age , many already impose their own driving restrictions . Older drivers will often refrain from driving at night , in bad weather , or on major highways .
Making this mandatory for all drivers would be reasonable , provided that the restrictions are tied to limitations that directly impact driving ability — for example , loss of peripheral vision , slower reaction time , or uncorrected vision loss — and are not arbitrarily age-based .
Another option is increased testing for all drivers . I see plenty of drivers , of all ages , whose driving certainly warrants testing — or at least a few lessons . Some provinces use licence renewals to test vision and response times . Why not expand that to include a mini-road test , too ? A driver who fails this could be required to take remedial driving lessons and retake the road test within a specific time frame .
Alternatively , we could use tickets and accidents as grounds for prescribing additional driving lessons or tests . Imagine if anyone who was at fault in a car accident , or received a ticket , had to pass mandatory driver training . This would be a simple , objective way to ensure that the drivers who need extra training are getting it — no matter what their age .
Focusing on age limits for drivers ignores the larger issue : far too many Canadians ca n't readily access excellent , or even barely adequate , public transit . Many drivers of all ages are in their cars not because they want to be there , but because there are no reasonable alternatives .
Instead of scapegoating older drivers , we must invest in public transit . Excellent transit makes for livable cities , improved traffic and fewer fatalities . Now that 's a solution for the ages .
Wanda Morris is the VP of Advocacy for CARP , a 300,000 member national , non-partisan , non-profit organization that advocates for financial security , improved health-care and freedom from ageism for Canadians as we age . Send questions to askwanda @ carp.ca . To join CARP or learn more , call 1-800-363-9736 or visit carp.ca
General News of Sunday , 1 January 2017
Source : Starrfmonline.com
President John Dramani Mahama
Outgoing President John Mahama has expressed his gratitude for the opportunity to serve as President of the country over the last four years .
According to him , it has been a blessing to occupy such a position in his life .
“ It has been a blessing serving this great nation as President . I thank you , each and every Ghanaian , and God almighty for the privilege , ” Mr. Mahama said in a New Year message .
He however called on Ghanaians to ensure that their past guides their future in the management of the country .
“ The year 2017 marks our 60th year as a sovereign nation , it is my hope that we look to our past to help guide us into our future . The world around us changing at a very fast pace .
“ In order to remain relevant on the world stage , we must keep up with those changes . We must recognize that we can forge ahead in this changing world only by consensual agreement on all the challenges we face , irrespective of our ethnic , religious , or partisan affiliation ” .
The President also extended his well wishes to the incoming president and his family .
Below are details of the new year message by the President
2017 NEW YEAR MESSAGE
BY HE JOHN DRAMANI MAHAMA-
PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF GHANA
Good morning fellow Ghanaians ,
Once again we 've entered a new year , a year in which our beloved Ghana will turn 60 .
Families and friends have come together to celebrate God 's free gift of life to us ; even as we continue to hope and plan for a brighter tomorrow for ourselves and future generations .
Join me to give thanks and praise to God for a successful election . I congratulate Ghanaians for collectively ensuring the peace and stability of our country . We have every reason to be proud of our achievements .
In this season of love , sharing , goodwill and reflection , I am thankful for our time together and for what we have accomplished .
Together we have conceived and nurtured our nation 's dreams of prosperity for all . Together we have sown the seeds of solid growth and sustainable development , much of which is abundantly evident by the degree of social and economic transformation that has taken place all around us these past four years .
So here we stand today , having entered 2017 , the year in which our beloved Ghana will turn 60 . Here we stand today , recognized as the beacon of democracy and socio-economic progress on the African continent .
We recognize that Ghana 's success is our collective success . And , likewise , Ghana 's failure is our failure .
The year 2017 marks our 60th year as a sovereign nation , it is my hope that we look to our past to help guide us into our future . The world around us changing at a very fast pace .
In order to remain relevant on the world stage , we must keep up with those changes . We must recognize that we can forge ahead in this changing world only by consensual agreement on all the challenges we face , irrespective of our ethnic , religious , or partisan affiliation .
My brothers and sisters ,
Let us move forward into this New Year as one nation , let us pray for the wellbeing , longevity and prosperity of our nation .
It has been a blessing serving this great nation as President .
I thank you , each and every Ghanaian , and God almighty for the privilege .
I wish you , all , a joyous 2017 .
To the incoming President and his family ; my family and I wish you God 's blessings .
May time continue to be a friend to our nation 's progress .
And may God continue to bless us all and our homeland Ghana .
TORONTO — For most of his five seasons in Toronto , we waited for Terrence Ross to become something other than disappointing , confounding and overpaid .
It finally happened on Tuesday .
He became trade bait .
He became the significant piece on another day to shine for Masai Ujiri , the executive who quieted the noise , turned down the volume , and brought a sense of internal peace and external joy to a Raptors team desperately in need of alterations .
That 's what leadership is in professional sport and that 's what leadership does : Rather silently and without buildup , Ujiri brought the much-coveted Serge Ibaka to the Raptors . A player he has viewed from afar with envy for many years . He has known Ibaka as friend , as fellow African , as part of the basketball community at large .
Now he will know him in a much more intimate way , as teammate of sorts , as Raptors player , as someone who can come in and shake the Raptors ' foundation at a time when shaking is needed . A real starting power forward .
Not a bench guy . Not Luis Scola . Not Amir Johnson . Not like anything Dwane Casey has had in his coaching arsenal before in Toronto .
He 's the kind of player who understands winning , who is playoff-tested and playoff-ready , who has a clear comprehension of what April , May and June is all about in the NBA . He should make life easier for Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan . He 's a high-percentage shooter . A quick defender . A large presence at 6-foot-10 , although not quite the shot blocker he was in his early years .
“ I 've known this guy for years , ” said Ujiri . “ He 's a hell of a competitor . Everybody knows who Serge is , he 's a warrior . He gives us good rim protection , he 's a good defender . He can play multiple positions . ”
Ibaka led the NBA four times in blocked shots and was on the all-defensive team three times . He should also make life easier for Jonas Valanciunas and Patrick Patterson — one has slightly regressed in this up-and-down season and the other will return now to where he belongs , coming off the bench instead of starting .
This would be a home run of sorts for Ujiri and the Raptors except for the unknown aspects of the deal , and that includes exactly where Andy Miller , the player agent , fits in . The NBA is nothing if not an agent 's league . Miller represents the pending free agent , Ibaka , and the pending free agent , Lowry .
Suddenly , he becomes a figure of significance about the Raptors ' future . If Ujiri and his general manager , Jeff Weltman , have the most influence on what the Raptors do in the future , Miller 's influence can not be understated here . He can go shopping with Lowry and Ibaka this summer or he can settle in for a long ride with Lowry and Ibaka playing alongside DeRozan and Valanciunas .
That 's the scenario Ujiri and Casey favour . Casey is always talking about how veteran teams win in the NBA . Teams that stay together . Teams with texture and experience .
This could be one of those teams .
Ujiri does n't deal often or without purpose . The Rudy Gay and Andrea Bargnani trades , seemingly impossible to make , proved to be big wins for the Raptors . He turned around and traded the pretty much finished John Salmons for Lucas Nogueiro and Lou Williams .
Even the small trades have produced victories . Greivis Vasquez was sent to Milwaukee for Norm Powell and a first-round pick . Vasquez is basically done as an NBA player ; Powell , who should benefit from the trading of Ross , is just beginning to show his capabilities .
And now this deal on Tuesday for Ibaka , which makes the Raptors ' starting lineup the strongest it has ever been with a bench still capable and the assumption that one of these weeks Jared Sullinger will be able to contribute something .
Before Tuesday night 's game in Chicago , the Raptors had won four of 14 games . “ We 've had a bad stretch , ” said Ujiri . “ We never know how ( the trade ) fits on paper . We fill a hole , a gap that we 've been missing . Hopefully , this gives us that jump that we need . ”
Ibaka comes in and yet I ca n't forget the night the Raptors drafted Ross . The Raptors really wanted Harrison Barnes that night . Coach Casey was sent out to speak to the media and talk up their first pick as the second round proceeded .
Casey is terrible at not telling the truth . He ca n't look you in the face and lie with any conviction . It 's one of his most endearing qualities . He said he was happy to have Ross . He said so with a crooked smile .
The next four-and-a-half years he spent trying to figure out his vastly talented , wildly athletic , forever inconsistent wingman . This was his best season .
Ross grew up as a basketball player in Toronto . He just did n't grow into whatever kind of the player the Raptors hoped he would become , but he was enough to entice Orlando into moving Ibaka .
Now Casey does n't have to guess anymore . He knows what Serge Ibaka brings . Ibaka 's career has almost been a straight statistical line .
Casey has a new part and a brand new starting lineup . He has two months to get ready for playoffs . Two months to figure this team out .
ssimmons @ postmedia.com
Trumbull High hockey players Eric McCabe and Matt Mocker were named to the first-team Division II All-State squad by the Connecticut High School Coaches Association .
McCabe is a defenseman and Mocker a forward .
McCabe and St. Joseph 's Sean Attanasio were named Hobey Baker Award recipients , presented to players that display integrity , positive attitude , coachability , outstanding sportsmanship and community spirit .
The All-State banquet is scheduled for Sunday , April 8 , at 1 p.m. at the Aqua Turf Club in Plantsville .
Join us on a journey through some of the best & worst sing-songs in football history
In 1970 , a tradition began for the England football team to celebrate their participation in major tournaments with a song . The original song , Back Home , set a high bar for those that followed – and over the years both official and unofficial songs have been penned for every tournament in which England have played .
Advertisement
As time has passed , so has the style of song : some involving the players , others with nothing to do with the FA at all . Many involve celebrities and supergroups , but others began as parodies and jokes that rose to the very top of the charts .
One thing they all have in common is music , football and passion for the England team – but to be a truly classic England anthem , they need something more : to capture the imagination of a nation .
It is with this in mind that we present a countdown of 13 of the best England World Cup songs ever committed to vinyl/CD/MP3/cassette etc .
# 16 Tony Christie – Is This the Way to the World Cup ( 2006 )
Tony Christie re-wrote one of his most famous songs to celebrate England 's 2006 World Cup campaign , achieving a number eight hit in the charts . There 's certainly a lot of energy in Christie 's alternative history/ fantasy which tells the story of England winning the World Cup to the tune of Amarillo . Fans of cheese will definitely enjoy the video – not least some of the lyrics .
It 's a good effort , but there 's something missing from this record that will stop it from being remembered as an England football classic . It 's always a dangerous game re-wording a well-loved song ( even if it 's your own ) , and although all football anthems are novelties , this particular type seem to be in a different division .
# 15 This Time ( We 'll Get it Right ) ( 1982 )
A reference to not qualifying for the previous two World Cups , this rather introspective record sticks with the tried and tested “ whole team ” vocal effect so successfully employed on 1970 classic Back Home . However , unlike that maiden England World Cup record , this song ( despite liberal use of brass sections and marching drums ) fails to capture the essence of its illustrious predecessor .
Although the video is an amusing time capsule for both music and football fans alike , not even an over-animated Kevin Keegan , disinterested Peter Shilton or cameo from Noel Edmonds can get this journeyman effort higher up in our list .
# 14 Sing 4 England ( ft. Joe Public Utd ) ( 2012 )
There 's something charming about this charity record , despite it not really being very pleasing to the ear .
Legendary pundit Chris Kamara takes on the – at times- clunky lyrics with aplomb :
“ Too many years have come and gone/ this is our chance to prove them wrong / We 'll win if we stand strong/ Would n't that be unbelievable . ”
It 's got a real down the pub feel about it , but sadly there are n't many pubs you 'll still hear this tune being played .
# 13 Fat Les – Jerusalem ( 2000 )
Two years after hitting number two in the charts with his brilliantly annoying Vindaloo , Keith Allen was back as Fat Les with Blur 's Alex James and another attempt at footballing gold – this time hoping to strike it Lucky with Michael Barrymore on board .
Featuring the London Community Gospel Choir and the London Gay Man 's Chorus this rousing rendition of the traditional hymn certainly hit the patriotic spot , but it does n't have the element of catchy surprise that Vindaloo delivered in the great battle of football songs '98 .
# 12 We 've Got The Whole World At Our Feet ( 1986 )
“ We 've got the whole world at our feet , there 's not a single team that we ca n't beat . ”
Sadly this was n't true when the boys arrived in Mexico ; the hand of God saw to that .
This rather sprightly marching band single sounds quite a lot like the b-side to The Self Preservation Society from The Italian Job .
It borrows something from 1970 classic Back Home , but fails to reach the same dizzy heights , even with its full-squad-singing-wall-of-sound and increasingly forced rhyming couplets .
However , this is a solid World Cup song that deserves its place on the list .
# 11 All The Way ( 1988 )
In 1998 , England turned to the hit factory of Stock Aitken Waterman ( the producers behind the likes of early Kylie , Rick Astley and Banaramma ) to write their official anthem . What they delivered certainly represented their signature synth-laden sound .
“ We 're going all the way , we 're going all the way… ” You get the message pretty quickly – but no one is expecting the broken-beats of the stuttered breakdown three quarters of the way through the song , accompanied by inexplicable video footage of Tony Adams and others driving a pretend racing car .
Other video highlights include a young Gary Lineker and Peter Beardsley in black and white looking a bit like a budget version of the Everley Brothers .
This is a song that perfectly represents 1988 . Although it 's best it stays there , it really grows on you .
# 10 How Does It Feel to be on Top of the World ? ( 1998 )
Still basking in the afterglow of England 's near-miss in Euro 96 , and with Cool Britannia riding as high as the Three Lions themselves as they headed for World Cup 98 , you ca n't blame England for assembling a supergroup to celebrate what would surely be a glorious summer of football .
The band “ England United ” consisted of , wait for it : The Spice Girls , Echo and The Bunnymen , Space and Ocean Colour Scene – which if you 're not familiar with the mid to late nineties music scene was a pretty big deal .
The song itself was n't actually that bad and captured the general excitement and positivity of the nation at a time when we still believed England could win the World Cup , and it did it with a Britpop sound . Oh so 1998 . It 's also noteworthy for its futuristic “ morphing ” video .
However , it suffered from one minor and two major problems .
Firstly , it is catchy , but does n't include a chant that football fans could get behind , meaning it was always going to struggle to become a terrace classic .
Secondly , and probably more terminally for England United , despite being a star studded official single it had two unofficial rivals that were , well , better , in the shape of Three Lions '98 and Fat Les 's Vindaloo .
# 9 Shout ( Shout for England song ) ( 2010 )
An unofficial England collaboration between hip-hop superstar Dizzee Rascal and actor and comedian James Corden , this rap-led football song sums up fans ' frustrations with the England team .
Rascal 's lyrics are punchy and fun : “ Leave the WAGS alone , put aside your ego – we 're tired of bragging about 40-odd years ago… ” culminating in a big old singalong on the terraces of Tears for Fears with extracts of No Diggity .
Cue arm in arm dancing between Rascal and Corden and footage of the England team at their best , and you 've got yourself a catchy World Cup Number One . Best of all , proceeds went to Great Ormond Street Hospital .
# 8 Noble England ( 2010 )
The late great Rik Mayall threw his hat into the football-related recording market on St George 's Day 2010 – the most English day of the year . The Young One 's adapted reading of a passage from Shakespeare 's Henry V is accompanied by a haunting chant of football fans singing “ Come on you Enger-Land , you noble Englishmen ” . Add a primal but subtle beat and slowly building anthemic crowd noises in all the right places and you have an unlikely hit .
Although it was well received on release , the song found even more success after Rik Mayall 's untimely death in 2014 . Jon Morter , the social media whizz behind the Rage Against the Machine for Christmas Number One campaign , encouraged football fans to buy the record ahead of World Cup 2014 , pushing the song up to seventh in the official charts .
# 7 Greatest Day ( 2014 )
This song for Sport Relief follows more of a charity record approach than a traditional England football song .
Take That 's Gary Barlow leads a chorus of footballing legends and pop stars in this well organised reimagining of his own song , The Greatest Day .
It 's got some of the Spice Girls , some Girls Aloud , Pixie Lott , Gary Lineker , Gary Mabbut , Geoff Hurst and everyone who 's anyone from the world of pop and football singing along line by line .
It 's a fine record for a fine cause – but the reality is , it ca n't make it into the top five because it will always be a Take That song with celebrities singing along .
Highlight from the song worth looking out for : Glenn Hoddle 's solo line… he can sing !
# 6 We 're On the Ball ( 2002 )
Ant and Dec of course had chart pedigree when they were asked to take on the 2002 England anthem , so the pressure was on – but they did n't disappoint .
It takes a while to get going , but once the talked/rap segments give way to the chanted chorus of “ We 're on the ball , we 're on the ball ” you now this is a song that 's going to translate to the terraces and stick in your head all day .
Add the recurring refrain at the end of the song that celebrates England 's famous 5-1 win over Germany in 2001 and you have a pleasing football song with legs .
“ It 's Neville to Cambell , Cambell to Rio , Rio to Scholesy , Scholesy Gerrard , Gerrard to Beckham , Beckham to Heskey , Heskey to Owen , To Nodd… 5-1 ! ”
What 's not to like about that !
# 5 Three Lions ( 1998 )
The self-referential reimagining of Three Lions two years after the heartache of Euro 96 will never be remembered as the definitive version of this brilliant song , but it 's certainly not without its merits , and earned the gang another number one as England headed for France 1998 .
Beginning with real footage of fans chorusing “ It 's coming home… ” across the terraces in Euro 96 , before introducing the idea that “ we still believe ” instantly throws every England fan back to that magical summer and just how close we came to winning something .
The song updates with references to that Euro 96 campaign ( Gazza/ Shearer/ Psycho ) , and gets around the tricky “ 30 years of hurt ” line with a swift change to “ no more years of hurt ” . Clever .
Although the new words will probably be lost in time , this song once again captured the mood and imagination of the nation , earning it a prestigious top five placing .
# 4 Back Home ( 1970 )
Reigning World Cup champions England began the tradition of team songs in 1970 with this classic chant which topped the charts in May 1970 for three weeks ahead of the Three Lions ' campaign . Sadly , the team could not match their chart performance on the field , only making it to the quarter finals of the tournament before being knocked out 3-2 by 1966 finalists West Germany .
It was meant to be the first of a string of new England team songs for every World Cup going forward . Sadly , England failed to qualify for the following two tournaments , so fans of this sort of thing had to wait until 1982 for the tricky second album .
It 's hard not to like this tune , and as a groundbreaker deserves its high position in our chart .
# 3 Vindaloo ( 1998 )
Keith Allen , instrumental in the success of 1990 New Order and England football team mega-hit World in Motion , returned to the pop big time in 1998 as his band Fat Les produced one of the most well-known and catchy football songs of all time – this time with the help of Blur bassist Alex James and artist Damian Hirst .
Although this time it was n't the official England song ( that was The Spice Girls et al – see England United ) , Vindaloo eclipsed it with its nah-nah-nah , nah-nah-nah 's , proving we all love Enger-land . It also tunefully reminded fans of the aim of the beautiful game : “ We 're gon na score one more than you… ”
What started as a parody ( see Bittersweet Symphony by the Verve ) grew into an uncontrollable monster which in June 1998 reached number two in the charts – only to be held off top spot by another unofficial England song , Three Lions 98 .
Watch out for Paul Kaye , Ed Tudor-Pole , Matt Lucas and David Walliams in the video .
# 2 World in Motion ( 1990 )
In 1990 , not only did England almost win the World Cup with the best team since '66 getting to the semi-finals in Italy , they released what can only be described as very , very fine football song .
Credited to England New Order , it 's a proper well thought-out song that evolves from an ( albeit overtly football themed ) early 90s electronic tune into a true sporting anthem . You can not help but go on the journey of musical discovery , all the way to the now legendary rap by John Barnes .
It then of course descends to Keith Allen ( who co-wrote the song ) dancing about behind Barnes in the video before the final catchy chanted refrain – “ We 're playing for England { In-ger-land } / We 're playing the song / We 're singing for England { In-ger-land } / Arrivederci it 's one one one ” .
There 's a reason that 28 years later this is still being played on the radio and sung on the terraces : because it 's a stone cold World Cup classic .
# 1 Three Lions ( 1996 )
Euro 96 was a moment in British footballing history like few others .
The English game had been on a rollercoaster ride in the 90s , from the brilliant performance and subsequent heartbreaking exit from Italia 90 to the dismal failure to qualify for the 1994 World Cup in the USA . It was time to put all that behind us . Football was coming home for Euro 96 in England… and we were ready to win !
Baddiel and Skinner teamed up with indie-pop behemoths of the time The Lightning Seeds to produce a footballing anthem that perfectly encapsulated the way the nation felt about the “ 30 years of hurt ” that had dogged the English game since 1966 , when we last hosted a major tournament ( and won ) .
Its simple and eminently chant-able refrain ( “ It 's coming home , it 's coming home , it 's coming – football 's coming home… ” ) pulls on the heartstrings of even the most ardent of cynics , whilst the nostalgic ( and at times tuneless ) storytelling of Baddiel , Skinner and the nation 's collective footballing memories produce a self aware , amusing and yet heartfelt song that all England fans can relate to .
Add the mid-90s musical flourishes of The Lightning Seeds and you have a novelty song that not only topped the charts and was adopted on the terraces but has remained popular for more than 20 years since its release .
Advertisement
Whether or not you remember Nobby dancing , if you 're an England fan , you 'll always remember this song . And that 's why it 's number one .
CHATSWORTH , Ont . — Provincial police say a man is recovering after an officer found him unresponsive and administered a medication to reverse opioid overdoses .
Police say the officer responded to a report of an unresponsive man in Chatsworth , Ont. , early Monday morning .
They say the officer found the man without vital signs and began to perform CPR .
OPP say when the man remained unresponsive the officer administered naloxone and the man began to breathe but remained unconscious .
Students at Clay Battelle High School were able to see firsthand how firefighters gear up for a fire .
The Fire Departments did n't only teach them about safety , but also how to get involved with the department as part of their career path
Volunteer firefighters made their way to Clay Battelle High School to educate students about fire safety , but also to inform students about being a part of the fire department themselves .
`` When I was a kid , i did n't know you could become a firefighter so young . So to me , it 's really interesting to go into the schools and see all of these kids so excited . I was n't sure what the students would think at first , and last year when I came in , everybody volunteered to put on the gear , everybody wanted to get in the fire truck it was amazing , '' said Whitney Porter , Cheat Lake V.F.D .
They are promoting a county-wide recruitment program . Any individual is able to join a fire department at the age of 16 .
`` We have a problem in our fire departments . It 's really hard to find people that want to volunteer their time . A lot of our departments are low in membership numbers . So the more juniors that I can get interested in fire fighting , the more likely we are to have bigger numbers in five , ten , years from now , '' said Whitney Porter .
Blacksville , Cassville , and Cheat Lake Fire Departments attended and brought a ladder truck and rescue truck for students to see .
Students were also able to gear up in a full fire fighting uniform . This was following a session on fire safety where they learned important knowledge of what to do in the case of a fire .
`` If their house is on fire what to do . If you are cooking something on the stove and it catches fire , how to put it out , how to avoid it of course . If you 're in a car accident what to do . And then of course , we 'll go into how to use a fire extinguisher , '' said Whitney Porter .
The Fire Departments will also visit Morgantown and University High Schools in the coming weeks to teach the students about fire safety .
Name : Sheila Ferguson
Age : 69
Famous , why ? Being one third of The Three Degrees and having a close friendship with Prince Charles
Biography : Since forming in Philadelphia in 1963 , The Three Degrees went on to achieve international fame with hits including When Will I See You Again and Woman in Love . More recently , Sheila 's appeared on I 'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here ! and Celebrity MasterChef .
Sheila says : This was totally different to doing I 'm a Celebrity . The jungle was intense because it was competitive , this was not competitive and it was real .
“ After my partner died [ eight years ago ] , I just worked . I went from project to project , thus I did n't realise the years were passing and I 'm still working . Now I 'm realising that it is n't enough . I need company . I had my first date in eight years when we were out there . He was in his 50s – I am a serious cougar ! He was actually the architect of the place we were living and we 're still in touch now .
“ I think Prince Charles will be watching . I think the Royal Family in general would like this kind of show – it 's international and they love India . ”
Then ... Performing When Will I See You Again with The Three Degrees in 1974
Now ... Appearing with Russell Grant on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ?
The Real Marigold Hotel series two starts on Wednesday at 9pm on BBC1
FORT MCMURRAY , Alta . — Two people were killed when a minivan and a bus collided in northeastern Alberta .
RCMP says the collision happened Sunday around 5 p.m. about 20 kilometres north of Fort McMurray .
Police say the minivan was south on Highway 63 from the Noralta Lodge exit , when it rear-ended a Diversified passenger coach at the top of Super Test Hill .
Both men in the minivan — a 36-year-old driver and as yet unidentified passenger — died in the crash .
Mounties say the driver and 11 passengers of the Diversified bus have not reported any injuries .
Police say weather and alcohol appear to be factors in the collision .
The first trailer for Netflix sitcom Friends From College has arrived , featuring some of the biggest names in US comedy .
In the clip , main players Keegan-Michael Key ( Obama 's “ anger translator ” ) , How I Met Your Mother 's Cobie Smulders and The Wonder Years ' Fred Savage are joined in the trailer by up-and-comer Billy Eichner and the incredible Kate McKinnon , who played Hillary to Alec Baldwin 's Trump on Saturday Night Live during the 2016 Presidential Election .
Check out the trailer below ( warning : strong language ) .
The show is the brainchild of husband-and-wife duo Nick Stoller ( Bad Neighbours , Forgetting Sarah Marshall , The Five-Year Engagement ) and Francesca Delblanco , and it centres around a group of former Harvard students who reunite as misanthropic 40-somethings in New York City years after their graduation .
We 're pretty excited about it .
Friends From College is released on Netflix on 14 July
3 bankers allegedly dupe Jigawa bizman of N30m
By Aliyu Dangida
DUTSE—Three staff members of a commercial bank in Jigawa State are currently being held in prison custody on the order of a Dutse magistrate 's court for allegedly duping an oil marketer of about N29.9 million .
A source at the Divisional Police Headquarters in Maigatari , Jigawa State , disclosed that the suspects connived and duped the oil magnet the said sum .
The three suspected bank staff ( names withheld ) allegedly diverted the N29.9 million belonging to the oil marketer to their personal accounts ; the oil magnate , having noticed the transaction , reported the case to police , leading to their arrests .
The source noted that after thorough investigations , the suspects were arraigned before Muhammad Usman Lamin of the Dutse Magistrate 's Court .
After reading the charges to the suspects , they reportedly pleaded not guilty and Magistrate Muhammad Usman asked that they be remanded in prison for three weeks , pending the outcome of investigation .
The Police Public Relations Officer , Jigawa State Command , SP Abdul Jinjiri , while confirming the incident , said : “ We received a report from our Maigatari Division of alleged diversion of funds belonging to an oil marketer by three staff members of one of the commercial banks in the state to their personal accounts . ”
Jinjiri stated that the suspects are currently in prison custody , pending the outcome of security investigations .
The post 3 bankers allegedly dupe Jigawa bizman of N30m appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
hood county news A Code Purple alert message earlier this week about shots fired on campus had parents red with anger and Tarleton State University officials red with embarrassment .
The message ,
Monkeys can not own a copyright , judges rule in infamous monkey selfie lawsuit
A Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled that monkeys can not own a copyright in an infamous case over who owned the rights to a selfie snapped by a monkey . The court has ordered PETA to pay the photographer 's legal fees .
The post Monkeys can not own a copyright , judges rule in infamous monkey selfie lawsuit appeared first on Digital Trends .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo
The recent appointment of Jerome Powell as chairman of the Federal Reserve was the subject of intense scrutiny . After all , the Fed 's every action reverberates in international financial markets . The announcement on Monday of Yi Gang as the new governor of the People 's Bank of China , China 's central bank , received somewhat less notice .
The world should pay more attention . This choice is as important as any Fed nomination . It is n't simply that China is the world 's second-largest economy , a crucial market for everything from American aircraft and soybeans to German cars . Its monetary and financial policies affect the whole world .
The central bank 's previous governor , Zhou Xiaochuan , engineered significant reforms . He freed up banks to set deposit and loan rates based on market conditions rather than by decree and also allowed capital to start moving more freely into and out of China . After a 15-year tenure , Mr. Zhou is turning over the keys to China 's economy to Mr. Yi , his trusted deputy , and leaving him with a great deal of unfinished business .
Unlike the Fed , China 's central bank is not independent . Major policy decisions are made by an elite government committee , and China 's president has to sign off on them . But President Xi Jinping came to trust the central bank under Mr. Zhou 's leadership and has given it a lot of leeway in setting and carrying out policies in key areas of the economy .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The People 's Bank of China sets short-term interest rates ( like the Fed ) and tries to control bank lending to support growth while keeping inflation low . It also determines how freely the Chinese currency 's exchange rate can move and manages restrictions on the flow of money in and out of China . Last week , the government increased the central bank 's oversight responsibilities , putting it in charge of drafting key banking regulations .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday , get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists , the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
What Mr. Yi will do with all this power matters for the whole world .
China 's mostly state-owned banking system is burdened with bad loans to state-owned enterprises , many of which are unprofitable , and the pet projects of powerful provincial leaders . Mr. Yi must push these banks to clean up their books . Otherwise , depositors might eventually lose confidence and pull out their savings . China 's banks manage investments and make loans in many other countries , so turbulence in those banks could infect financial markets worldwide .
Meek Mill has been granted bail .
The 30-year-old rapper was sentenced to two to four years in prison five months ago after he violated the terms of his parole stemming from a drug and weapons conviction in 2008 .
And after having previously had his requests for bail denied in December by judge in his case , Genece Brinkley , the Supreme Court has overruled the judge 's decision and granted the rapper with immediate bail .
In a statement from Meek 's lawyer Joe Tacopina , the star said : `` I 'd like to thank God , my family , my friends , my attorneys , my team at Roc Nation including JAY-Z , Desiree Perez , my good friend Michael Rubin , my fans , The Pennsylvania Supreme Court and all my public advocates for their love , support and encouragement during this difficult time .
`` While the past five months have been a nightmare , the prayers , visits , calls , letters and rallies have helped me stay positive . To the Philadelphia District Attorney 's office , I 'm grateful for your commitment to justice - not only for my case , but for others that have been wrongfully jailed due to police misconduct . ''
The 'All Eyes on You ' hitmaker - whose real name is Robert Williams - also revealed he plans to continue fighting to have his conviction overturned , and insisted he would be returning to the studio to record new music soon .
His statement continued : `` Although I 'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation , I understand that many people of color across the country do n't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues . In the meantime , I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career . ''
In December , Brinkley denied Meek 's request for bail because she believed the 'Litty ' rapper `` is and continues to be a danger to the community in Philadelphia , New York , Missouri , and other locations throughout the United States '' .
She added : `` He continues to be a danger to himself based upon a history of continuous use of illegal drugs , and is an increased and greater flight risk because he already has been sentenced to a term in state prison and gave false information to authorities when he was arrested in St. Louis , Missouri . ''
INDIANAPOLIS — The NCAA plans to double the number of teams it seeds in its Division I baseball tournament to 16 , hoping to provide a more equitable competitive balance .
The organization announced the move Friday and it will take effect for the 2018 tournament . The change will allow the baseball tournament to follow the same seeding principles used by other sports that have at least 64 post-season participants .
The NCAA says that under the current format , with only eight seeded teams , the ninth-best could be paired against the No . 1 seed in the super regional round . With the change , a top seed will face the No . 16 seed .
The change was approved last week at a meeting of the Division I Competition Oversight Committee in Indianapolis .
SAN DIEGO ( KGTV ) -- On Saturday , Nitro Circus Live will perform in San Diego for the first time . Extreme sports legend , Travis Pastrana , will ride with the crew in what will be his only live appearance in the USA this year .
Pastrana will stop at a naval base before Nitro Circus 's first show in San Diego .
The show at Qualcomm Stadium will feature some of the best extreme athletes and they will attempt new daredevil tricks . But first , Pastrana has plans to visit sailors at Naval Base San Diego . Watch the video to see why it is so important to him .
You can find information on the show here : www.nitrocircus.com .
Endeavour Morse , ITV 's longest-serving detective , celebrated his 30th anniversary last week . Starting with John Thaw 's first outing on 6 January 1987 the original Inspector Morse racked up 33 episodes in 13 years – followed nine series of the Kevin Whately sidekick spin- off Lewis , and now the 1960s prequel Endeavour ( which starts its fourth series this Sunday ) . With its beautiful Oxford backdrop , its intellectual-but-preposterous mysteries and its procession of grumpy heroes , Morse embodies traditional British TV murder mystery at its best .
Advertisement
But , in 1986 , when John Thaw was weighing up whether to take the part , it did n't seem cosy or traditional at all – it seemed like a big risk . “ Dad believed in it – it was just a bit scary as to whether or not it would take off , ” says John Thaw 's daughter , the actress Abigail Thaw ( who now , in a neat nod to the original Morse , plays the Oxford Mail editor Dorothea Frazil in Endeavour ) . Midsomer Murders and Poirot have gone on to turn cosy feature-length mysteries into a staple of the ITV schedule – but it took Inspector Morse to blaze the trail , says Abigail .
“ It was this premise of being two hours long – which everyone was very sceptical about . Channel 4 had n't been out that long , and it was all about fast , furious , youth-culture programmes. ” But despite – or perhaps because of – its leisurely pace , Inspector Morse was an instant hit . That first episode , The Dead of Jericho , pulled in nearly 14 million viewers . In fact , there was something about Inspector Morse that means the character lives on to this day .
“ First , and foremost and always , it 's John Thaw 's performance . ‘ National treasure ' is a term that 's thrown around all too often , but in his case… Also , he was a fine actor , ” says Russell Lewis , who wrote episodes of both Inspector Morse and Lewis and is the creator and sole writer of Endeavour . “ The other key ingredient was the interplay between John and Kevin Whateley . ”
Colin Dexter , who wrote the novels on which Inspector Morse was based , once described Morse as “ melancholy , sensitive , vulnerable , independent , ungracious and mean-pocketed ” . The TV audience nonetheless adored him : when the on-screen Morse died of a heart attack in the 2000 's final episode , The Remorseful Day , nearly 14 million viewers once again tuned in .
Abigail Thaw as Dorothea Frazil in Endeavour
“ Going to work on Endeavour does n't feel like a homage to my father , ” says Abigail , “ but it does give me a jolt every now and then – it happens , funnily enough , when I 'm in Oxford , where I think about him a lot more . I 'm tired after a few days ' filming and think , ‘ Blimey , he did this for months . ' I never realised when I used to go round to see him for Sunday lunch and a gossip . ”
Abigail 's inclusion in the cast is far from the only nod to the original Inspector Morse . There 's her character 's name , Dorothea Frazil . The dictionary definition of “ frazil ” is a kind of slushy ice – so “ D Frazil ” could be read as “ de-ice ” – which , you guessed it , brings us back to “ Thaw ” . Is this intentional ? “ Of course , ” says Abigail . “ Russell 's full of them , clever little things , little codes – all the crossword lovers will be satisfied. ” Sunday 's episode guest-stars James Laurenson , who was also in the first episode of Inspector Morse , and Sheila Hancock , John Thaw 's widow , guest-stars later in the series .
The only person missing from this new run is Colin Dexter himself , who used to have a brief cameo in every episode – but who 's now 86 years old . “ I think he 's allowed , after 30-odd years , to take tea in the pavilion , ” smiles Russell Lewis . “ We have n't got him in the flesh this year . But there 's a big part of the fandom that likes to spot Colin – like spotting Hitchcock. ” Then Lewis adds , mysteriously : “ He 'll be there in spirit , not in flesh . He 'll be that little bit harder to find than usual . ”
In the dramatic finale of series three , Endeavour was safely rescued from a bank raid – along with Joan ( Sara Vickers ) , the daughter of Endeavour 's boss , DI Fred Thursday ( Roger Allam ) . But Joan , traumatised , then fled Oxford . Fred was bereft – and Endeavour , still unable to voice his crush on her , was heartbroken . “ We pick him up two weeks after we left off , which is a brilliant move from Russ , because that 's still quite recent , ” says Shaun Evans , who plays Endeavour . “ Thursday 's daughter 's left , and that creates a bit of tension between Endeavour and Thursday , which then plays out across the whole series .
Roger Allam and Shaun Evans in Endeavour
For fans of the original Inspector Morse , these romantic and professional knocks to the young Endeavour help to shape the irascible , middle-aged loner they once loved . Indeed , audiences loved John Thaw so much that it could easily have daunted Evans when he first started to play Endeavour . So did Evans feel like Endeavour was his show right from the get-go ?
“ Yeah , of course man , bloody hell , ” says Evans . “ Of course I felt like it was mine . ”
You did n't have any .. ? “ Why would I ? ”
Well , just because another actor had played the part before . “ But they had n't , had they ? They 'd played a version of it , 20 years older . They had n't played the script that I had in front of me . No one else had played that . My intention with this was of course to please the audience that already existed – but it was also to get an audience of my generation to watch it . To watch my work , to watch our work . It was n't about a nostalgia fest . ”
Evans chose not to watch the old Inspector Morse before he started filming . “ Only because I wanted to approach it from a brand-new point of view , ” he says . The current round of those scripts is set in 1967 . If Endeavour is recommissioned by ITV , it will move on to 1968 – and , mathematically speaking , it could one day reach 1987 , with Endeavour finally morphing into that original Morse .
When Abigail Thaw looks forward to a potential Endeavour set in 1987 , she smiles – it clearly conjures up a new mental picture that jostles with a very fond , 30-year-old memory . “ As long as people want it , and as long as the stories are good , and as long as Shaun keeps fresh-faced , why not ? ” she says , with a chuckle . “ He 's going to have to get some white hair and some padding , is n't he ? ”
This article was first published in 2017
Advertisement
Endeavour series five starts on PBS Masterpiece on Sunday 24 June , 9/8c
Icelandair Group reported a 2016 net profit of $ 89.1 million , down 20 % from $ 111.2 million in net income for 2015 .
Revenue for the year increased 12.8 % to $ 1.3 billion from $ 1.1 billion in 2015 . EBITDA fell 3 % to $ 219.8 million .
Icelandair reported total international passenger numbers of 3.7 million in 2016 , up 19.5 % from 2015. International traffic was up 21.7 % to 11.2 billion RPKs ; international capacity increased 23.2 % year-over-year to 13.7 billion ASKs , producing an international passenger load factor of 82.2 % , down 1 point from 2015 .
Regional flight passengers for the year totaled 322,700 , up 8.9 % from 2015 . Load factor for the year on regional flights was 69.3 % , down 5.1 points from 2015 .
Passenger numbers climbed 15 % from 2.26 million in 2013 to a record 2.6 million in 2014 . Load factor was up 1.1 % to 80.4 % . The increase in passenger numbers was the greatest on the tourist market to Iceland , a 23 % rise year-over-year , accounting for 38 % of total passenger numbers in 2016 . On the Europe-North America service via Iceland , which at 50 % is the company 's largest market , passenger numbers were up 22 % in 2016 .
Cargo traffic also increased in 2016 , rising 4.9 % from 2015 to 105.4 million FTKs .
As of Dec. 31 , 2016 , Icelandair 's fleet totaled 48 aircraft , up five from 2015 . Forty aircraft are owned ; eight are leased . The fleet comprises 29 Boeing 757-200s , one 757-300 , six 767-300s , one 737-700 , two 737-800 , two Bombardier Q200s , three Q400s and four Fokker F-50s . The company has ordered 16 new 737 MAX 8 and MAX 9 aircraft , which are scheduled for delivery beginning in the first quarter of 2018 .
“ The results for the year are the second best in the company 's 80-year history , and on the whole operations were successful over the year in challenging conditions , ” Icelandair president and CEO Björgólfur Jóhannsson said .
But Jóhannsson cautioned about a recent turn of events that could make 2017 a troubling year .
“ At the beginning of this year … it is clear that circumstances are very challenging …Icelandair 's flow of bookings has taken a negative turn . Bookings are slower than expected , and average airfares in the market have fallen below projected levels , ” Jóhannsson said . “ In the last few days we have seen news confirming that this development is affecting the airline industry in general . This trend can principally be traced to increased competition , but it can also be argued that uncertainty resulting from changes in international politics has affected demand … currency trends have been unfavorable for the company compared to last year ; in addition , fuel prices are rising . ”
“ We need to look to the future and determine how we intend to meet these changed circumstances … Icelandair will make adjustments in the structure of its air fares and increase the diversity of its product offerings … to meet increased competition and changed patterns of consumer behavior , ” Jóhannsson said .
Mark Nensel mark.nensel @ penton.com
LCD Soundsystem took the stage in a new episode of Austin City Limits to perform their song “ Someone Great. ” A highlight from their 2007 album Sound of Silver , the song takes on a new meaning over 10 years later , as James Murphy leads the band in a tight rendition with modular synths , live drums , and a glockenspiel . Watch below .
LOS ANGELES — Police say R & B singer Trey Songz has been arrested on suspicion of punching a woman at a Los Angeles party .
Officer Drake Madison says Songz , whose real name is Tremaine Neverson , turned himself in at a Hollywood police station Monday . He 's accused of felony domestic violence .
Jail records show the 33-year-old was released about two hours later on $ 50,000 bail .
Andrea Buera told reporters last week that she was the woman Songz had assaulted . Buera said he punched her repeatedly because he was upset she was talking to another man at a party Feb. 18 .
The singer tweeted Monday that he was being falsely accused for someone else 's personal gain .
His attorney , Shawn Chapman Holley , accompanied him when he surrendered . Asked for comment , she replied that “ Trey 's tweet this morning sums it up . ”
Police are searching for a missing Leeds man
West Yorkshire Police said Andrew Matthews , 55 , was last seen this afternoon in Otley .
Officers described him as having a heavy build , grey hair , wearing glasses and blue shirt .
Anyone with information is asked to call 101 , quoting log number 1276 of March 19 .
( AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa , File ) . FILE - In this Oct. 12 , 2017 file photo , ducks perch on the branch of a tree next to a home destroyed by Hurricane Maria in Toa Baja , Puerto Rico . The AP recently found that of the $ 23 billion pledged for Puerto Rico , o ...
( AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa , File ) . FILE - In this Sept. 28 , 2017 file photo , people affected by Hurricane Maria bathe in water piped from a creek in the mountains , in Naranjito , Puerto Rico . In the six months since the hurricane , more than 135,000 people ...
( AP Photo/Carlos Giusti , File ) . In this Dec. 21 , 2017 file photo , six year old Melanie Oliveras González remains seated on the balcony of her house , in Barrio Patrón , Morovis , Puerto Rico . Justo Gonzalez , interim director for Puerto Rico 's Electric Pow ...
( AP Photo/Carlos Giusti , File ) . FILE - In this Sept. 27 , 2017 file photo , a resident bails water from a flooded home in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria , in Catano , Puerto Rico . The storm caused an estimated $ 100 billion in damage , killed dozens of peo ...
( AP Photo/Gerald Herbert , File ) . FILE - In this Sept. 26 , 2017 file photo , downed power lines and debris are seen in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria in Yabucoa , Puerto Rico . Exactly six months after being hit by the hurricane the U.S. territory is sti ...
By DANICA COTO
Associated Press
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico ( AP ) - Generators are still humming . Candles are still flickering . Homes are still being repaired .
Puerto Rico was hit by Hurricane Maria exactly six months ago , and the U.S. territory is still struggling to recover from the strongest storm to hit the island in nearly a century .
`` There are a lot of people with needs , '' said Levid Ortiz , operating director of PR4PR , a local nonprofit that helps impoverished communities across the island . `` It should n't be like this . We should already be back on our feet . ''
Some 250 Puerto Ricans formed a line around him on a recent weekday , standing for more than two hours to receive bottles of water and a box of food at a public basketball court in the mountain town of Corozal . Many of those waiting were still without power , including 23-year-old Keishla Quiles , a single mother with a 4-year-old son who still buys ice every day to fill a cooler to keep milk and other goods cold amid rising temperatures .
`` Since we 're a family of few resources , we have not been able to afford a generator , '' she said . `` It 's been hard living like this . ''
Crews already have restored water to 99 percent of clients and power to 93 percent of customers , but more than 100,000 of them still remain in the dark . Justo Gonzalez , interim director for Puerto Rico 's Electric Power Authority , said he expects the entire island to have power by May , eight months after the Category 4 storm destroyed two-thirds of the island 's power distribution system - and just as the 2018 Atlantic hurricane season is about to start .
Gonzalez also pledged to inspect dozens of wooden and cement poles still leaning haphazardly across the island after a wooden telephone pole fell on a car . It killed an elderly couple on Sunday as they returned from a town fair in the mountains of western Puerto Rico . The deaths of Luis Beltran , 62 , and Rosa Bosque , 60 , have angered Puerto Ricans and raised concerns about the safety of people as they recover from the hurricane .
`` It worries me because ... it can happen anywhere , '' Mayor Edwin Soto told The Associated Press , adding that crews were going to inspect poles across the mountain town of Las Marias to ensure they are in good condition .
Beltran 's youngest sister , Migdalia Beltran , said her brother was living in New Jersey when Hurricane Maria hit , but that he moved back three months ago to be with family .
`` He was No . 1 , '' she said as her voice cracked and she began to cry . `` He was the one who gave me support to keep going . ''
The storm caused an estimated $ 100 billion in damage , killed dozens of people and damaged or destroyed nearly 400,000 homes , according to Puerto Rico 's government .
In the six months since the hurricane , more than 135,000 people have fled to the U.S. mainland , according to a recent estimate by the Center for Puerto Rican Studies at Hunter College in New York .
More than 40 percent of them settled in Florida , followed by Massachusetts , Connecticut , New York and Pennsylvania , the study found .
Meanwhile , those who stayed behind say they need more help .
The AP recently found that of the $ 23 billion pledged for Puerto Rico , only $ 1.27 billion for a nutritional assistance program has been disbursed , along with more than $ 430 million to repair public infrastructure . The U.S. Federal Emergency Management Administration also has spent more than $ 6 billion from its standing emergency fund .
Meanwhile , the U.S. House Committee on Natural Resources issued a letter on Friday demanding that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers explain why it is reducing the number of crews helping restore power when there are still people who remain in the dark .
`` While we recognize that much progress has been made in restoring power to the majority of customers , the job is not done , '' the letter stated .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Stallholders at Chester Market are appealing for customers to ‘ use it or lose it ' as they fight for survival following the closure of Princess Street bus exchange .
Buses used to drop potential customers outside the door but now bus services have moved to the new interchange at Gorse Stacks .
The idea is to free up development space for the £300m Northgate Development including a new market hall but some businesses are reporting trade down by 40 % .
Cheshire West and Chester Council has laid on a free Shopper Hopper mini-bus linking the two sites but survival is on everyone 's mind .
Butcher Geoff Hughes , who runs the business with wife Debbie , is remaining positive with his ‘ # SupportChesterMarket ' campaign . His posting on Facebook reached more than 100,000 people leading one new customer to buy bacon and chicken thighs to do his ‘ bit ' for the market .
Mr Hughes wrote : “ The most recent change of the town hall bus station closure and the opening of the new Chester Bus Interchange has seen the footfall of Chester Market drop to its lowest ! All businesses within Chester Market have seen fewer customers than ever before .
“ We truly believe that the new and future developments of Chester are fantastic and this will bring more trade into our city centre . Nonetheless , we ca n't continue as we are currently , people are n't visiting Chester Market and this needs to change .
“ Hopefully , with time , people will become more familiar with the new bus routes and the free Shopper Hopper service , but we ca n't be sure and we certainly ca n't wait !
“ We need to do something about this sooner rather than later . We need all our customers to be aware of how easy it is to get to us and encourage them to still visit us in Chester Market . Without you we will not survive and neither will any other traders . ”
All this is happening in the current market 's 50th anniversary year after being established in 1967 following more than 100 years of trading on Northgate Street .
Stallholder Sandra Taker , who has worked in the market since she was a girl , wishes the ‘ Shopper Hopper ' had been more widely advertised .
She said : “ I do n't like being a pessimist but this market has got to survive at least another three years before such time there is another market built . However , when the new market is built it 's going to be surrounded on a building site which is the construction of all these superstores , boutique-style places , eating houses , so the prospects for the market traders are grim . ”
Encouraging customers to give the market a go , she added : “ In the market we have unique shops selling items you 're probably not going to find anywhere else . We serve our customers on a one-to-one basis . We can advise them on the products we sell . We try and make a good repartee with our customers which will guarantee that they will come back and give us another try . ”
Dave Haagar , of David James Jewellers , who has been in the market nearly 30 years , said : “ It 's not just us . I think the whole of this area will have been affected by the loss of the bus services . Generally trade is right down . ”
Mr Haagar , treasurer of Chester Market Traders ' Association , applied to have a stall in the new market but has been turned down . He will be offered enhanced compensation instead .
For 75 years , Oilweek has told the story of Canadian energy through an oil and gas lens .
Now , as Canada celebrates its 150th birthday , Oilweek will pivot from a pure petroleum perspective to the broader energy landscape , and in the process , significantly broaden its audience base .
It 's due to recognize that the country needs new and innovative ways of understanding the tensions — both positive and negative — between its energy heritage and its energy future , noted Bill Whitelaw , president and CEO of JWN Energy , which produces Oilweek 's print and digital tools .
Long a staple of upstream petroleum readers , Oilweek will broaden its user base to include everyone who has a stake in Canada 's energy future , from First Nations communities and post-secondary campuses to policymakers and politicians . Simultaneously , Oilweek will broaden its coverage and context to include all the forms of energy which will shape the country over the next 150 years .
That energy systems “ mix ” perspective is critical , said Whitelaw , in that all systems are inter-related and often inter-dependent .
“ We 're at a pivotal point in this country 's energy evolution ... and to continue to be successful as a society and an economy , we need to find better ways and means of conversing about how our various energy options connect and relate to each other . That means everyone should have at least a basic understanding of how things all tie together , ” he explained . “ With an Oilweek that is broadly available to anyone with an interest in Canadian energy matters , we hope to be an important part of how we constructively and collectively map our energy future . ”
Another central premise of Oilweek 's new focus will be to help Canadians understand , in the context of their everyday lives , how important their opinions are in terms of important dynamics such as shaping future policy and regulation . That means helping people of all ages develop a better understanding of energy fundamentals .
Oilweek 's position statement has for decades been ‘ Canada 's Oil and Gas Authority , ' ” noted Whitelaw .
“ With our September issue , which will be the pivot-point edition , the positioning will change to ‘ Connecting Canadians to Their Energy , ' which we hope will be the clarion call to get ordinary Canadians to embrace their role in being part of energy dialogue , ” he added .
With that September issue , the Oilweek team will have completed a major push forward in terms of broader audience development — the first in a series of additions . The new “ readership ” constituencies will include :
All federal members of Parliament ;
All provincial members of the Legislative Assemblies in British Columbia , Alberta , Saskatchewan , Manitoba , Ontario and Quebec ;
Deans and senior members of business , engineering and science faculties of major Canadian universities , polytechnical institutes and colleges ;
Students on the same campuses and faculties ;
First Nations councils and businesses in Alberta and B.C . ;
Board and chair of the Canadian Chamber of Commerce ;
; Mayors and councils of the top 20 largest cities in Canada ;
Boards and staff of the top 10 ENGOs , such as Pembina Institute , Greenpeace and the Sierra Club ;
, and the ; Boards and staff of other key energy associations in sectors such as geothermal , solar and wind .
“ This is just the first wave of connecting to important groups , ” noted Whitelaw . “ Very rapidly , we will bring on other provinces , business groups , communities and organizations — all those with a stake in where we go in terms of Canadian energy . ”
While Oilweek will embrace and point to other forms of energy as important elements of the energy systems mix , it will remain committed to helping Canadians understand how the petroleum sector is evolving and responding to social and economic changes . This includes highlighting how innovation and technology originating from fossil fuel roots are shaping the next-generation low-carbon economy .
While all the named groups and individuals , in addition to existing readers , will receive print copies of Oilweek , said Whitelaw , they will also have access to a range of digital tools that will bring to life key energy dynamics through data visualization and engagement technologies .
“ We hope between the combined power of the print and digital platforms , more and more Canadians will get connected to , and involved in , energy dialogues . ”
One critically important element of Oilweek 's “ pivot ” is that it will become a platform via which other voices can contribute to those dialogues , he added .
“ While our core content providers will still ‘ populate the pages ' we will be reaching out to all these organizations and individuals to contribute to what we hope will be a dynamic and rich conversation which will constructively influence the way we approach our next 150 years as a country . ”
The USS Kidd is making exciting changes to its annual Spirit of 45 fundraisers .
This year , the event will be held at the American Legion Hall located at 151 South Wooddale Boulevard in Baton Rouge .
The fundraiser will take place on Saturday , August 19 , 2017 between 5 p.m. and 8 p.m .
There will also be special entertainment this year .
`` The entertainment is what is special this year and what 's a little bit different than in the past is that this year we are actually charging for the event because we have an act that 's going to cost us a little more , '' explained David Beard , executive director of the USS Kidd . `` They 're called 'On The Air : A Tribute to Bob Hope and Radio Stars of the 1940s . ' They perform all over the country . ''
All the proceeds from the fundraiser will go directly to the USS Kidd 's educational programming , exhibits , and daily operation .
Tickets cost $ 30 and they can be purchased during the week leading up to the event . You can purchase them at the USS Kidd Museum or online through THIS LINK .
For more information about the event or the USS Kidd , CLICK HERE .
Copyright 2017 WAFB . All rights reserved .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Worried about catching a cold or the flu on an airplane ? Get a window seat , and do n't leave it until the flight is over .
That 's what some experts have been saying for years , and it 's perhaps the best advice coming out of a new attempt to determine the risks of catching germs on an airplane .
It turns out there 's been little research on the risks of catching a cold or flu during air travel . Some experts believed that sitting in a window seat would keep a passenger away from infectious people who may be on the aisle or moving around .
The new study , published Monday , came to the same conclusion .
For somebody who does n't want to get sick , `` get in that window seat and do n't move , '' the study 's lead researcher , Vicki Stover Hertzberg of Emory University in Atlanta .
The study was ambitious : Squads of researchers jetted around the globe to test cabin surfaces and air for viruses and to observe how people came into contact with each other .
But it also had shortcomings . In a total of 10 flights , they observed only one person coughing . And though the experiment was done during a flu season five years ago , they did n't find even one of 18 cold and flu viruses they tested for .
It 's possible that the researchers were unlucky , in that they were on planes that happened to not have sick people on them , Hertzberg said .
The new study was initiated and funded by Boeing Co . The Chicago-based jet manufacturer also recruited one of the researchers , Georgia Tech 's Howard Weiss , and had input in the writing of the results . `` But there was no particular pressure to change stuff or orient it one way or the other , '' Hertzberg said .
The article was published electronically by a peer-reviewed scientific journal , the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The researchers did some mathematical modeling and computer simulations to determine how likely people were to come close to a hypothetical infectious passenger sitting in an aisle seat on the 14th row of a single-aisle airplane . They concluded that on average , only one person on a flight of about 150 passengers would be infected .
Researchers who were not involved said it would be difficult to use the relatively small study to make any general conclusions about the risks of an airline passenger getting a cold or flu , let alone other diseases like measles or tuberculosis .
But it 's a novel study about a subject that has n't been well researched , they said . Studies have looked at how respiratory viruses spread in labs and in homes , but `` this is the first time I 've seen it done for airplanes , '' said Seema Lakdawala , a University of Pittsburgh biologist who studies how flu spreads .
She and others not involved in the research were intrigued by the study 's findings about how people moved about the cabin and came in contact with each other .
It found :
—About 38 percent of passengers never left their seat , 38 percent left once , 13 percent left twice , and 11 percent left more than twice .
—Not surprisingly , a lot of the people getting up had an aisle seat . About 80 percent of people sitting on the aisle moved at least once during their flights , compared with 62 percent in middle seats and 43 percent in window seats .
—The 11 people sitting closest to a person with a cold or flu are at the highest risk . That included two people sitting to their left , the two to their right , and people in the row immediately in front of them and those in the row behind .
A lot of frequent fliers will be interested in the study 's results , said Edward Pizzarello , an investor in a Washington-area venture-capital firm who also writes a travel blog .
`` It 's absolutely a fear I hear from people all the time . They just believe that they 're going to get sick from going on an airplane , or they got sick from being on an airplane , '' he said .
Pizzarello said he 's an aisle person , because he does n't want to feel trapped in the window seat if he needs to get up .
Will he now go for the window ?
Maybe , he said , if a sick person sits next to him .
__
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute 's Department of Science Education . The AP is solely responsible for all content .
COEBURN , Va. — Tracy Stallard , the pitcher who gave up Roger Maris ' record 61st home run in 1961 , has died . He was 80 .
The Sturgill Funeral Home in Coeburn , Virginia , said Monday that Stallard died Wednesday at the Holston Valley Medical Center in Kingsport , Tennessee .
He was on the mound for Boston in 1961 when Maris broke the single-season record that Babe Ruth had held since 1927 . The record stayed until 1998 .
Stallard went 30-57 with a 4.17 career ERA while pitching for the Red Sox ( 1960-62 ) , New York Mets ( 1963-64 ) and St. Louis Cardinals ( 1965-66 ) .
His funeral was Sunday at the Sturgill Funeral Home .
BERLIN — Bayern Munich 's expected re-appointment of Jupp Heynckes as coach for a fourth stint has been delayed .
News agency dpa says the club is trying to fulfil the 72-year-old Heynckes ' request for Peter Hermann to return as assistant coach .
Hermann , currently coaching at second-division club Fortuna Duesseldorf , worked with Heynckes at Bayer Leverkusen and then at Bayern when they won the Champions League , Bundesliga and German Cup treble in 2013 .
Hermann says the decision to leave Duesseldorf is “ difficult , very difficult . But I have a bond with Jupp Heynckes and I want to do him the favour . I owe him a lot and want to give him something back . ”
Heynckes has confirmed an offer from Bavaria to take over as Carlo Ancelotti 's replacement .
From Woman 's Day
OFFICIAL RULES
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN . A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING .
1 . WINNER SELECTION : Winners ( individually and collectively , the `` Winner '' ) will be selected on or about 10/31/2017 in a random drawing from among all eligible entries received . All sweepstakes are a different drawing that must be entered separately . All the sweepstakes in these Official Rules are individually and collectively the `` Sweepstakes . '' In the event the Sponsor does not receive any eligible entries , the Sponsor has the right to cancel the Sweepstakes . Drawing will be conducted by Woman 's Day , whose decisions are final . Odds of winning will depend upon the total number of eligible entries received for each sweepstake . In the event Canadians are eligible to enter as specified in the Eligibility paragraph below , and if there is a Canadian Winner , the Winner will be required to correctly answer a mathematical skill testing question as a condition of receiving the prize . Important Notice : You may be charged for visiting the mobile website in accordance with the terms of your service agreement with your carrier . Please consult your wireless service provider regarding your pricing plan . You must use a Smartphone device to participate via your mobile phone . Not all mobile phone providers carry the necessary service to participate . Check your phone capabilities for specific Internet instructions . If your data usage exceeds what is allotted by your data plan , you could be subject to additional fees by your carrier . Please contact your mobile service provider with any questions regarding your bill .
2 . WINNER NOTIFICATION : Winner will be notified within one ( 1 ) month of the last day of the Sweepstakes , via e-mail , and/or at Sponsor 's discretion , via phone or postal mail . In the event the Winner does n't respond to Sponsor 's notification or does not accept the prize within five ( 5 ) business days of notification , the prize will be deemed forfeited and an alternate Winner will be selected . In the event that any one or more potential Winner ( s ) fails to respond as stated above , declines the prize or fails to provide signed affidavits or releases , such Winner ( s ) will be deemed to forfeit the prize and Sponsor will select an alternate Winner ( s ) from the remaining eligible entrants . If any alternate ( s ) similarly fails to respond or declines the prize , Sponsor will use a reasonable number of attempts , in its discretion , to award the prize ( s ) to another alternate ( s ) but if it is unable to do so , the prize ( s ) will be finally forfeited and Sponsor shall have no further liability in connection with said Sweepstakes . List of Winners : For the names of the Winners , send a separate self-addressed , stamped envelope to Woman 's Day August Sweepstakes Winners ' List , Hearst Communications , Inc. , 300 West 57th Street NY , NY 10019 within two ( 2 ) months from the Winner notification date as specified above .
Portal Smart WiFi Router Sweepstakes : Beginning 8/15/17 at 12:01 AM ( ET ) through 10/15/17 at 11:59 PM ( ET ) ( the `` Entry Period '' ) , go to womansday.com/giveaways on a computer or wireless device and complete and submit the entry form pursuant to the onscreen instructions . Prizes & Approximate Retail Value : Ten ( 10 ) winners will receive one ( 1 ) Portal smart WiFi router . Approx . retail value of each prize : $ 148 ; total ARV of all prizes awarded : $ 1,480 . Any difference between the stated ARV and the actual value of the prize will not be awarded in any form .
3 . ENTRIES : Limit one ( 1 ) entry per person per day for Sweepstakes . Multiple entries from the same person per day will be disqualified . Entries become the property of the Sponsor and will not be returned . Proof of submission does not constitute proof of receipt . If applicable , illegible , inaccurate , lost , late , misdirected , incomplete , mutilated , postage due or mechanically reproduced entry forms or entry forms that have been tampered with will be disqualified . Online entrants must have valid email address and it is entrant 's responsibility to update Sponsor of any change in email address . The mobile phone number and wireless service provider/carrier of mobile entrants ( if applicable ) will be automatically captured in the Sweepstakes database and all participation will be limited to that phone number unless entrant notifies Sponsor of a change . If there is a dispute as to the identity of an online or mobile entrant , the prize will be awarded to the authorized account holder of the email address or mobile phone . The `` authorized account holder '' is defined as the natural person to whom the email address or mobile phone is assigned by an internet service provider , online service provider , carrier , mobile phone provider or other organization ( e.g. , business , educational institution , etc . ) that is responsible for assigning the email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted email address or responsible for assigning the mobile phone number .
Read More
The Outdoor Amphitheater of Davis & Elkins College was packed with festival goers for the Royal Coronation of Maid Silvia .
Morgantown resident Morgan Alyssa Stephens was crowned Queen Silvia of the 81st Mountain State Forest Festival . Attended by 40 princesses from around the state , two maids of honor and a minor court , she donned her gown and was crowned during the outdoor ceremony .
“ It 's an opportunity for us to showcase our natural beauty , our natural resources , and it 's a huge economic impact in not only Elkins and Randolph County but the entire state of West Virginia . So , both from an economic standpoint and just tradition and honoring our state , it 's super , ” said Director General Chad Shoemaker .
The weather was perfect for this year 's celebration and really showed off all the Mountain State Forest Festival has to offer .
America 's Climate Pollution is Falling , EPA Report Says
After two years of increases , greenhouse gas emissions fell in 2015 , reducing America 's overall climate pollution to below 1994 levels , according to a draft Environmental Protection Agency report published Tuesday .
The decline in 2015 was mainly because that year 's mild winter reduced demand for heat across the country , and electric power companies were using less coal and more natural gas to generate electricity than in previous years , the report says . Emissions fell 2.2 percent overall .
An oil refinery near Anacortes , Wash .
Credit : Dana/flickr
The draft report is required to be produced annually under an agreement with the United Nations . It is open for public comment and scheduled to be finalized in April , according to an EPA statement .
“ These numbers demonstrate the successfulness of the policies that were instituted by the Obama administration — the Clean Power Plan and incentives for renewable energy — to lower domestic carbon emissions , ” said Michael Mann , a Penn State University climatologist . “ And , this underscores how disastrous it would be if the Trump administration makes good on its threat to undo the progress that was made under the Obama administration . ”
The U.S. has made significant progress in cutting its greenhouse gas pollution over the past decade . America 's overall climate pollution peaked in 2007 just before the Great Recession , and the trend has been generally downward ever since . ( Emissions grew slightly in 2010 , 2013 and 2014 . )
The EPA 's report , which quantifies greenhouse gas emissions through 2015 , does not reflect more recent data from the U.S. Department of Energy showing how much progress the U.S. is continuing to make in cutting its climate pollution , especially from electric power plants .
Cheap and abundant natural gas , in addition to mercury pollution regulations over the past decade , have been an incentive for electric companies to shut down their ageing coal-fired power plants in favor of plants that run on natural gas and renewables . That led to a major milestone in 2016 : U.S. carbon emissions from electric power generation dipped below emissions from transportation for the first time .
After taking office at the height of the economic crisis , the Obama administration instituted new policies to ensure climate pollution would continue to drop . The Climate Action Plan called for broad energy reforms , including energy efficiency measures , power plant and vehicle pollution controls and support for renewable energy , all of which were intended to help the U.S. do its part in preventing global warming from exceeding 2°C ( 3.6 °F ) .
U.S. greenhouse gas emissions since 1990 .
Credit : EPA
When the Obama administration committed to pollution cuts under the Paris Climate Agreement in 2015 , the administration finalized the Clean Power Plan , a rule that sought to curb climate pollution from coal-fired power plants and encouraged electric companies to use more natural gas and renewables .
The Trump administration , however , has made a show of dramatically reversing course , casting doubt on established climate science and scoffing at any actions to cut greenhouse gas emissions . The president has said he views climate regulations as overly burdensome to businesses and he has promised to kill the Clean Power Plan and gut the EPA , the agency that regulates human carbon dioxide emissions .
The Trump administration 's EPA transition team spokesman said in January that he expects all EPA data released during the transition to receive some political vetting , but scientists who reviewed the EPA 's greenhouse gas emissions report Tuesday said no political influence was immediately apparent in the report .
“ I do not see anything in the report to indicate political interference , ” said Kevin Trenberth , a climate scientist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research .
He said the report 's primary omission is large uncertainty in the amount of methane leaking from oil and gas wells .
The report shows that U.S. emissions of methane — a greenhouse gas about 86 times as potent as carbon dioxide over a span of 20 years — have fallen nearly 17 percent since 1990 . The largest man-made source of methane is cattle production , followed by natural gas production , landfills , agricultural manure use and coal mining .
Cattle are the largest source of methane emissions in the U.S .
Credit : USDA
Methane emissions from natural gas production and use have fallen about 18 percent since 1990 as energy companies have plugged leaks in their pipelines by building them with more leak-proof materials , such as plastic , the report says .
But research has increasingly shown that the EPA 's annual greenhouse gas emissions tallies do not fully capture uncertainties in the amount of methane leaking from mines and oil and gas wells . Independent studies using different methods than the EPA have shown that more methane is leaking than EPA reports suggest partly because the EPA 's methods of tallying methane emissions differ than those used by some researchers .
“ This highlights that , while I think this report is done in good faith and that these may well be the best numbers available , there are some uncertainties that seem glossed over , ” Trenberth said . “ At the same time , they do a thorough analysis to understand the trends or changes , and they note how many leaks have been improved by the use of plastic piping , etc . ”
You May Also Like :
Congress Protects Coasts From Climate Change With Mud
How Close Is 1.5°C ? Depends on When You Measure From
Silenced Federal Agencies Violating Their Own Policies
Trump Revives Keystone XL , Dakota Access Pipelines
As wedding fever grips the nation , we present the ultimate guide to the best royal TV specials
The countdown for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 's upcoming nuptials , due to take place on 19 May 2018 at Windsor Castle , has officially begun , and as wedding fever grips the nation , several TV channels are marking the event with royally themed shows and documentaries .
Advertisement
The Queen 's inspired pairing with David Attenborough in The Queen 's Green Planet already stole the country 's hearts , and now we can expect for more royal fun , from a romp through the history of royal brides with David Starkey and Jeremy Paxman , to a behind-the-scenes look at the details of planning a royal wedding .
Read on for the ultimate guide to the best royal TV specials .
Invitation to a Royal Wedding
ITV are offering viewers a glimpse into the extensive behind-the-scenes planning that goes into a royal wedding .
The documentary , presented by Sir Trevor McDonald and Julie Etchingham , will feature interviews with people who 've worked on previous royal weddings , including Paul Courtney , who baked William and Kate 's chocolate biscuit cake , and Elizabeth Emanuel and husband David , who designed Princess Diana 's infamously creased taffeta dress .
“ I was horrified , ” Emmanuel says of the moment the Princess emerged from her carriage .
Invitation to a Royal Wedding will air on Sunday April 29 on ITV at 9pm
The Windsors Wedding Special
Channel 4 's hilarious royal satire The Windsors will return for a one-off special in May to celebrate the royal wedding . The episode will see Prince Harry ( Richard Goulding ) preparing for his marriage to Meghan ( Kathryn Drysdale ) and , more importantly , the ultimate stag-do . Prince Charles ( Harry Enfield ) also heads to America to meet Meghan 's “ down-to-earth all-American mum ” Doria , while Princess Beatrice ( Ellie White ) searches for a plus-one for the wedding .
Fiona McDermott , Head of Comedy at Channel 4 commented : “ I am thrilled to have The Windsors back on Channel 4 for a royal wedding special and ca n't wait to see what Meghan 's dress looks like , if Fergie is invited and most importantly what fascinators Beatrice and Eugenie will be wearing ! ”
The Windsors Wedding Special will air in May on Channel 4 , with the exact transmission date yet to be confirmed
The Royal Wives of Windsor
Can Meghan Markle learn from history 's royal brides ?
ITV 's new two-part special The Royal Wives of Windsor takes a look at Britain 's royal history , combining rare archival footage with commentary from a host of historians and journalists , including David Starkey , Jeremy Paxman , Rachel Johnson and Gyles Brandreth on the challenges of being a royal bride .
The series also provides insight from royal insiders , including butlers , bodyguards and press secretaries , in addition to notable biographers Andrew Morton , Kate Williams and Piers Brendon .
The Royal Wives of Windsor will air on Monday 30th April and Tuesday 1st May at 9pm on ITV
Harry & Meghan : A Royal Romance
US network Lifetime 's new television movie about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 's romance is as gloriously cheesy as one would expect .
The film , following Lifetime 's William & Kate – The Movie , stars Parisa Fitz-Henley ( Jessica Jones , Daredevil ) , as Meghan , while Murray Fraser ( Victoria , The Loch ) will star as Harry .
The first trailer has been released , featuring some rather uninspired dialogue ( “ Tell me something real , ” Meghan whispers ) , a candlelit roast chicken dinner engagement , and plenty of snogging in bed .
Harry and Meghan : A Royal Romance is expected to air on Channel 5 in May
Prince Harry 's Story : Four Royal Weddings
The show examines the life of Prince Harry , ranging from his childhood to his career in Afghanistan and charity work with veterans , through the prism of five major events : four royal weddings ( his own , his brother William 's , and Princes Charles ' two marriages ) and the tragic death and funeral of his mother , Princess Diana .
Advertisement
Prince Harry 's Story : Four Royal Weddings will air on Thursday 3rd May on ITV at 9pm
TORONTO — When Ayelet Freedman assigned her Grade 7 students to work on a math problem in groups last year , a 12-year-old girl said she was “ too stupid ” to work with her classmates .
“ She was n't looking for attention , she was convinced she was stupid , ” says Freedman , a math and language teacher in Ontario 's York Region .
So she pulled the student aside , assured her she was n't stupid and asked her to try to work with the other students , many of whom were chatty and confident about math .
“ By the end of the year she was more verbal and was participating more and was more confident , ” Freedman says .
Confidence in math has become a major problem for girls , research and data show . Experts believe it is one of the reasons women are vastly outnumbered by men in science , technology , engineering and mathematics ( known as STEM ) professions later in life .
Differences in math confidence between boys and girls show up as young as Grade 3 in Ontario , despite girls and boys scoring similar marks . That trend continues through to high school .
According to the Education Quality and Accountability Office ( EQAO ) standardized test in the 2016/17 academic year , only 49 per cent of Grade 3 girls in Ontario agreed with the statement they are good at math compared to 62 per cent of boys .
The difference widens in Grade 6 , where 46 per cent of girls said they were good at math compared to 61 per cent of boys .
“ These attitudes are very important — they are significant predictors of math-related career choices , ” says Mary Reid , a professor of math education at the University of Toronto 's Ontario Institute for Studies in Education who studies the differences between the sexes .
Some of the reasons are well known : stereotypes that perpetuate the myth that men are better at math and science while women are better at nurturing careers ; lack of female role models in a given field ; and problems at home , says Reid . But another reason that has gained research attention in recent years is what 's known as math anxiety , she says .
A seminal study in 2009 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America showed American female elementary teachers passed on their anxieties about math to girls in their classes , but not to boys .
It is a vicious cycle , Reid says , because elementary school teachers in both the United States and Canada are overwhelmingly female . It 's about 90 per cent in the United States , according to that study . In Ontario , 83 per cent of elementary teachers are female , according to the most recent EQAO data .
Reid 's research shows there is a strong correlation between math anxiety and a teacher 's knowledge of the subject . According to the most recent EQAO results , 82 per cent of elementary teachers completed post-secondary education in an area unrelated to mathematics .
“ If you do n't know how to add fractions or the concepts behind them , how do you expect to teach that ? ” Reid says .
Reid says she spends a lot of time going over mathematics with student teachers in order to address that issue .
In April 2016 , Ontario announced a three-year , $ 60-million math strategy that puts an average of 60 minutes per day of “ protected math learning time ” in the curriculum for students between Grades 1 and Grade 8 .
The following year , only half of students in Grade 6 , and 62 per cent of those in Grade 3 met the provincial standard in math . The dismal results prompted Premier Kathleen Wynne to announce the province would look at overhauling its math education program .
In Quebec , students consistently perform the best in the country . Experts believe that is mostly due to stronger teachers who have to go to school for four years for a bachelor of education degree , and more math specialist teachers beginning in Grade 7 .
But it 's not just an issue for teachers , Reid says . Responsibility lay with every adult who deals with a child 's education , she says .
Gina Iuliano Marrello , the superintendent of student success at the Toronto Catholic District School Board , agrees .
At a recent meeting , Marrello said the board asked what they could do to help .
“ Try to be positive — all the adults , the trustees , the teachers , the parents — everyone can do it , ” Marrello says she told the board .
“ We hear people say all the time ‘ Do n't worry , I 'm no good at math ' — even adults say that and that has to stop . People never say ‘ Do n't worry , I was never good at reading . ' People would think that 's crazy . ”
We notice that when kids come into kindergarten , they do n't have that attitude , she says , but they fall into that and by Grade 6 their math ability is pretty low .
For Freedman , a young teacher just starting out , girls ' confidence in math is of paramount importance .
“ If girls want a job in science or architecture , for example , we have to encourage that confidence in math and find jobs to use those skills , ” she says .
“ If we do n't give them the opportunity to practise the skills or foster their enjoyment in architecture or whatever it may be , they 're never going to make that choice if they 're not confident in math . ”
Teachable Moment : A panel of depressed freakouted Liberals that includes GOPer David Frum discuss the upcoming Trump admin and gets everything wrong , still
The reason I refer to this video as a teachable moment is because it 's an excellent presentation of how Liberals live in an alternative universe far from the reality of real life . In practice Liberalism does n't work , it destroys , see Detroit and Germany . Every person on this panel does n't know what they 're talking about . They sound intelligent , and for many that 's enough . But , nothing they do in practice succeeds . Pay close attention to David Frum who calls himself a conservative Republican when in fact he 's the biggest Liberal on the panel and a blithering idiot .
The Last Tradition
OMAHA , Neb . ( KMTV ) - On Friday , September 1 , 168th Street from Giles Road to Harrison Street will be closed for bridge repair , erosion control and asphalt overlay paving .
The project will last 42 working days and will be split into two phases , according to a letter sent to homeowners in the area by Sarpy County Public Works .
The first phase will last 30 days , closing Josephine Street south to Giles Road . The second phase will close 168th Street from Josephine Street north to Harrison Street .
In total , the closures will last 8-10 weeks depending on weather .
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump struck a variety of false notes in his big speech to Congress this past week and followed up with a curious coda — a plain-as-your-face exaggeration about the TV audience that tuned in for it .
A look at some of Trump 's recent statements , from his State of the Union address and beyond :
TRUMP : “ Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech . 45.6 million people watched , the highest number in history. ” — tweet Wednesday .
THE FACTS : Not the highest in history . Trump 's TV viewership as measured by Nielsen ( 45.6 million , as he said ) trailed that for first State of the Union speeches by Barack Obama ( 48 million ) , George W. Bush ( 51.7 million ) and Bill Clinton ( 46.8 million ) .
Trump also got more TV viewers in his first speech to Congress a year ago ( 47.7 million ) than in his first State of the Union address Tuesday night .
There is no reliable measure for how many people watched Tuesday on their computers or phones , a slice of viewership that is not counted by Nielsen . But Trump was not factoring in those viewers in his false claim . He cited the Nielsen number only .
——
TRUMP : “ We 've signed into law the biggest tax cuts and reforms in American history. ” — remarks Thursday to Republican lawmakers ' retreat .
THE FACTS : No . The December tax overhaul ranks behind Ronald Reagan 's in the early 1980s , post-World War II tax cuts and at least several more . He made the same claim Tuesday night and countless times before that .
An analysis by the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget in the fall put Trump 's package as the eighth biggest since 1918 . As a percentage of the total economy , Reagan 's 1981 cut is the biggest followed by the 1945 rollback of taxes that financed World War II .
Valued at $ 1.5 trillion over 10 years , Trump 's plan is indeed large and expensive . But it 's much smaller than originally intended . Back in the spring , it was shaping up as a $ 5.5 trillion package . Even then it would have only been the third largest since 1940 as a share of gross domestic product .
——
State of the Union SPEECH :
TRUMP : “ The third pillar ( of my immigration plan ) ends the visa lottery — a program that randomly hands out green cards without any regard to skill , merit or the safety of our people . ”
THE FACTS : The program is not nearly that random and it does address skills , merit and safety .
The diversity visa program awards up to 50,000 green cards a year to people from underrepresented countries , largely in Africa . It requires applicants to have completed a high school education or have at least two years of experience in the past five years in a selection of fields identified by the Labor Department .
Winners are then randomly selected by computer , from that pool of applicants who met the pre-conditions . Winners must submit to extensive background checks , just like any other immigrant .
——–
TRUMP : “ We have ended the war on American energy . ”
THE FACTS : What war ? Energy production was unleashed in past administrations , particularly Obama 's . Advances in hydraulic fracturing before Trump became president made it economical to tap vast reserves of natural gas . Oil production also greatly increased , reducing imports .
Before the 2016 presidential election , the U.S. for the first time in decades was getting more energy domestically than it imports . Before Obama , George W. Bush was no adversary of the energy industry .
One of Trump 's consequential actions as president on this front was to approve the Keystone XL pipeline — a source of foreign oil , from Canada .
——
TRUMP : “ We are now very proudly an exporter of energy to the world . ”
THE FACTS : There 's nothing new in that . The U.S. has long exported all sorts of energy , while importing even more . If Trump meant that the U.S. has become a net exporter of energy , he 's rushing things along . The U.S. Energy Information Administration projects that the U.S. will become a net energy exporter in the next decade , primarily because of a boom in oil and gas production that began before Trump 's presidency . The Trump White House has predicted that could happen sooner , by 2020 . But that 's not “ now . ”
——
TRUMP : “ For decades , open borders have allowed drugs and gangs to pour into our most vulnerable communities . ”
THE FACTS : The borders were far from open before his presidency , however imperfectly they may have been guarded .
The government under George W. Bush and Obama roughly doubled the ranks of the Border Patrol , and Bush extended fencing to cover nearly one-third of the border during his final years in office . The Obama administration deported more than 2 million immigrants during the eight years he was in office , more than in previous administrations .
Border arrests , a useful if imperfect gauge of illegal crossings , have dropped sharply over the past decade .
——
TRUMP : “ Many car companies are now building and expanding plants in the United States , something we have n't seen for decades . ”
THE FACTS : He 's wrong about recent decades . The auto industry has regularly been opening and expanding factories since before Trump became president . Toyota opened its Mississippi factory in 2011 . Hyundai 's plant in Alabama dates to 2005 . In 2010 , Tesla fully acquired and updated an old factory to produce its electric vehicles .
Trump also declared that “ Chrysler is moving a major plant from Mexico to Michigan. ” That 's not exactly the case , either . Chrysler announced it will move production of heavy-duty pickup trucks from Mexico to Michigan , but the plant is not closing in Mexico . It will start producing other vehicles for global sales and no change in its workforce is anticipated .
——
TRUMP : “ We repealed the core of the disastrous Obamacare — the individual mandate is now gone . ”
THE FACTS : No , it 's not gone . It 's going , in 2019 . People who go without insurance this year is still subject to fines .
Congress did repeal the unpopular requirement that most Americans carry insurance or risk a tax penalty , but that takes effect next year .
——
TRUMP : “ We have sent thousands and thousands and thousands of MS-13 horrible people out of this country or into our prisons . ”
THE FACTS : That 's an exaggeration and goes beyond how even Attorney General Jeff Sessions , the administration 's most aggressive anti-gang enforcer , characterizes the scope of the effort .
Sessions said in speeches this past week that federal authorities had secured the convictions of nearly 500 human traffickers and 1,200 gang members , “ and worked with our international allies to arrest or charge more than 4,000 MS-13 members. ” On other occasions , the attorney general has specifically said the 4,000 number reflects work done with “ our partners in Central America . ”
That suggests that at least some of the MS-13 members Trump is referring to were n't actually in the U.S when they were arrested , and are n't now in U.S. prisons .
——
TRUMP : “ We have ended the war on beautiful clean coal . ”
THE FACTS : Coal is not clean . According to the Energy Department , more than 83 per cent of all major air pollutants — sulfur dioxide , carbon dioxide , toxic mercury and dangerous soot particles — from power plants are from coal , even though coal makes up only 43 per cent of the power generation . Power plants are the No . 1 source of those pollutants .
Coal produces nearly twice as much heat-trapping carbon dioxide per energy created as natural gas , the department says .
In 2011 , coal burning emitted more than 6 million tons of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides versus 430,000 tons from other energy sources combined .
——
Associated Press writers Hope Yen , Josh Boak , Matthew Daly , Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar , Eric Tucker , Seth Borenstein and Elliot Spagat contributed to this report .
——
Find AP Fact Checks at http : //apne.ws/2kbx8bd
Follow https : //twitter.com/APFactCheck
EDITOR 'S NOTE — A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
5 useful tips for introverted entrepreneurs
Vanguard
Bill Gates , Mark Zuckerberg , Warren Buffett and many of the world 's most successful entrepreneurs either are or have admitted that they are , to a large extent , introverts . It is possible for introverts to become great entrepreneurs . Jumia Travel , the …
and more »
Comic Awards Ghana is an Award scheme setup by DOXA Productions to honor Ghanaian comedians that put smiles on the faces of many Ghanaian daily .
Organizers of the award scheme have given patrons another reason to be at the National Theater on 1st September 2017 to recognize comic actors , standup comedy and various comic works/genre . So far many comic acts has filed for nominations and voting has started .
DKB , Khemikal , Jacinta , Foster Romanus , Hogan , Parrout Mouth and Nigerians very own Kenny Blaq , are obviously known names in Ghana in-terms of comedy .
Organizers also promise that the night is going to be a wonderful night . A one of a kind comedy event which aims to celebrate and boost the comedy industry in Ghana . Since patrons are not only going to enjoy comedy but performance from musicians and other acts that will trill them .
Tickets of the event are selling now at the Silverbird cinema Accra Mall , Eddy 's Pizza ( Circle ) , Chix .n . Ribs located at the A & C Mall and Airport Shell Filling Station .
For more information on your favorite act , logon to www.comicawardsghana.com
Ghana Comic Awards is supported by Veraldo , Awake Mineral Water , Logistics Movers , Mobile Content and Make Up Ghana .
Media partners for Ghana Comic Awards are Showcasegh.com , Nanakesse24.com , Pulse Ghana , GhOne Tv , Y fm , ghlinks.com.gh , Event Guide , Flex Magazine , Kubelive.com , yawboakyegh.com , Letmehypeyough , prymeaveuegh etc .
Litecoin Foundation Reports ‘ No Issues ' Since SegWit Activation
The litecoin cryptocurrency adopted an upgrade called Segregated Witness just over a month ago and , so far , things seem to be going smoothly .
Source
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Steak & Seafood Night - Sourced Restaurant , New Bath Hotel and Spa
Sourced Restaurant , New Bath Hotel Archant
Choose two steak just the way you like them plus a bottle of specially selected red or white wine for £29.50 or enjoy a Seafood Platter for £34.50 per couple .
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in .
Steak Night - £29.95 per couple
Inclusive of a bottle of house red or white wine , 8oz Sirloin steak or 10oz Ribeye and choice of : French fries , chunky chips , garlic mash or dauphinoise potatoes . Choice of sauce pepper-corn , stilton or Diane . Served with roasted vine tomatoes , grilled Portobello mushrooms & battered onion rings .
Upgrade to ‘ Surf and Turf ' with a supplement - Tiger prawns £6.00 or Scampi £4.00
Seafood Platter - £34.50 per couple
Thai fish cake , Chilli Salmon and prawn skewers , Crab noodles , Squid rings and Mussels and French fries in either an la crème or Provençale sauce with crusty French bread .
Call 01629583774 to book or reservations @ newbathhotelandspa.com
New Bath Hotel and Spa , New Bath Rd , Matlock Bath , Matlock , Derbyshire , DE4 3PX - Follow them on Facebook and Twitter .
Transcript for Medics , supplies reach boys stuck in Thai cave as rescue planning intensifies
Now to theew images coming in T 12 boys and their soccer coach strd in that cave in Thailand the boys seem to be D well on this new video . Bue are so ny questions log right now about the gh-stakes harrowing job of getting em out of there . S James Longman is on the scene for U once again and , James , now they 're show these boys how T usekba gear . Rter : That 's right . To be led out thrts suerged in wat but it 's still not I 're strong enoh to do th this morning , new video showing those 12 boys and their coach trapped deep within a cav in Thailand in high spirits . After ten days in total darknes now smiles andestures of thanks speakin up one by one saying they 're heahy . Theroup seen wrapped in myr blanket , e sleeping others receing medical attention . Apart from minor injury , mostly cutsnd scrapes all in good health . This guy even giving T victory sign aft sitting for vigil and one family friend telling mebout th powerfuloment henew they were safe . A S moment for of Thailand and seen the dad and huge brace , this big H and we 've been waiting R. What is he like ? He is a special kid . I do n't J say that but H a very specialkid . Reporter : It is a hot day today . Rescuers will B hoping this kind ofther lasts because thin comes it 's going be harder to get those boys out . Offis say the boys are already practice using scuba masks I preparation for a potential water rescue according to divers swimming out would be incredibly difficult . Dive and come up and back to rock climbing really ovuge hills a then the DI starts . Reporter : The area where they are tra is a half mile underground and a littlver a LE from the cave 's entran they had to navigate a maze barely wide enough T equipment to squeeze through . The entire trekaking six hours . His current , the visibity N be zero at mes . Reporter : The one thing wing in their favor the water current right now is fng towards the entrance of the cavemaking a possible swim to safety easy the boys to navigate . And Thai authories areng to lay a phone line INT that cave so thatse boys can speak with their parents . It was badly damaged in wet wanted wet rain and WER yesterday but hoping ill be able to tame today . Dan , Paula . Trying again . What a relief thatill be , the communication between the parents and cren when it happens . James Longman , thank . A lot T talk about so let 's
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
Transcript for Eagle fan dad surprised by his sons with Super Bowl trip
And Bill Clinton urged her . It 's now . Yeah rookie Q administrator be known . And now we . Oh yeah . There where an agreed and mr. you have to Wear green then . But they 're doing . Yeah it 's the best I can do I do n't have an Eagles dirtier environment . Probably gets up to the forefront of the kids . Have they . Yes . It 's . Ask our . This year should these Super Bowl . EU shark . Well thanks . Annapolis . You 're committed . Heard Sheila . General news and Hugh . Oh . My god we wait until it 's only that yeah . Delivers fun . I 'm gallon . Odd candidate . My league and that sounds good to know . Horrible and bought the team get there first . Your age yeah . But on Sunday Jimmy there are gon na get in the game I 'll be . And I think he 'll . Is well I would n't want . It yeah oh yeah who we 're government we 're .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
KIEV , Ukraine — Several thousand supporters of opposition leader Mikheil Saakashvili rallied in the Ukrainian capital Sunday , demanding his release from jail and calling for the country 's president to be impeached .
Saakashvili , the former president of Georgia turned opposition leader in Ukraine , was arrested Friday on allegations that he colluded with Ukrainian businessmen tied to Russia to topple President Petro Poroshenko .
Saakashvili rejected the allegations , and his lawyer said he was refusing food to protest his detention .
Saakashvili 's supporters marched across downtown Kyiv , chanting “ Down with the Gang ! ” and “ Impeachment ! ”
They rallied on the capital 's main Independence Square , the Maidan , which was the focus of massive protests that drove Ukraine 's former Russia-friendly president from power in February 2014 , and then walked toward the where Saakashvili has been held .
Saakashvili faces the prospect of being sent back to his native Georgia , which has sought him on abuse of office charges .
Saakashvili 's wife , Sandra Elisabeth Roelofs , said Ukrainian authorities “ crossed a red line ” by arresting him . In a reference to the business background of Poroshenko , who ran a chocolate business before his election , she said , “ We need to show him that politics is not business and people are not merchandise . ”
The demonstrators smashed the windows of a candy store belonging to Poroshenko 's company , Roshen .
Yegor Sobolev , an ally of Saakashvili 's who was removed Thursday as chairman of a parliamentary anti-corruption committee by Poroshenko 's faction and its allies , called for the president 's dismissal .
“ Impeachment is a way to move from kleptocracy to democracy , ” Sobolev said at the rally .
Protester Valery Shapovalov carried a big poster showing Poroshenko behind bars .
“ Poroshenko is an oligarch , and it 's silly to expect him to fight corruption , ” Shapovalov said . “ Bees ca n't oppose honey . ”
Activists of the Right Sector , a far-right nationalist group , and veterans of the war against pro-Russia separatists in eastern Ukraine joined the rally .
Saakashvili was a key figure in the 2003 Rose Revolution protests that drove Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze from office . He served two terms as Georgian president in 2004-2013 , winning broad acclaim for his anti-corruption efforts , but drawing criticism over a disastrous war with Russia and what his opponents saw as an authoritarian streak .
Poroshenko named him the governor of Ukraine 's Odesa region in 2015 , but Saakashvili resigned the following year , claiming that Poroshenko and other officials were impeding anti-corruption reforms and becoming a strong critic of his former patron .
Georgia stripped Saakashvili of his citizenship after his move to Ukraine . Poroshenko this summer rescinded his Ukrainian citizenship while Saakashvili was out of the country , leaving Saakashvili stateless .
He forced his way into Ukraine in September , barging across the border with Poland with the help of a crowd of supporters .
——
Iuliia Subbotovska in Kyiv contributed to this report .
Washington Capitals forward Tom Wilson had to answer for another hit this postseason .
The Caps winger thew a late , blindside hit on Jonathan Marchessault that sent the Vegas Golden Knights forward to the locker room early in the third period of Game 1 and earned Wilson a penalty for interference .
Golden Knights forward David Perron 's cross-checking infraction made it 4-on-4 for two minutes .
Tom Wilson….you ca n't do that pic.twitter.com/HF4mORSowc — Pete Blackburn ( @ PeteBlackburn ) May 29 , 2018
When asked about the hit after the game , a 6-4 Vegas win , both Wilson and Marchessault had differing viewpoints on the check .
`` I believe it was a good clean hit , ” Wilson said after the loss . “ It 's playoff hockey , there 's going to be big hits , it 's a contact sport . You always have your reputation . When you play my physical style , you 're going to have that reputation . I trust myself . I play the game hard . It 's my job to bring that energy , that physicality . Right after he got up he said ‘ good hit . ' ”
Marchessault , who returned to the game , had this to say : “ I saw the hit . I remember everything . It was a late hit ... the league is going to take care of it . ”
Wilson was suspended for three games against the Pittsburgh Penguins in the second round of the postseason following a high hit that broke Zach Aston-Reese 's jaw . He was under scrutiny in the first round for a charging penalty against Alexander Wennberg and the Columbus Blue Jackets in Round 1 , while avoiding punishment for a high hit on Penguins defenseman Brian Dumoulin in Game 2 . Wilson also missed two preseason games and the first four of the 2017-18 season for a pair of hits against the St. Louis Blues .
Story Continues
According to The Sporting News , Wilson is the most-penalized player in the regular season since 2013 , racking up 806 penalty minutes on 255 calls , 20 of those being majors with 11 misconducts and a match penalty .
Biafra : Why Nigerians must talk to each other , not at each other – Atiku
Atiku says the Southeast and the North are two regions united by a common history .
The post Biafra : Why Nigerians must talk to each other , not at each other – Atiku appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Residents can see what Niagara Peninsula Conservation Authority has in store for lands in the Wainfleet area , under its Lakefront Conservation Areas Master Plan , at a public meeting this week .
The authority says the master plan is to guide the development , operation and continued environmental protection and stewardship of Long Beach Conservation Area , Morgan 's Point Conservation Area , the former Easter Seals property ( adjacent to proposed Lakewood subdivision ) , and Wainfleet wetlands/quarry .
The purpose of the meeting , it says , is to showcase the final master plans for each property , as well as links between them .
NPCA says there will be an opportunity to view some final conceptual drawings of each property at the public meeting , Wednesday at 7 p.m. in Wainfleet Firefighter 's Memorial Hall at 31907 Park St .
A presentation will be made by NPCA 's consultants , MHBC Planning , who will be available following the public meeting to answer any questions . RSVP to register for the meeting by emailing gfurtney @ npca.ca .
How Senator Dino Melaye Allegedly Jumps Out Of Police Vehicle , Flees Into Bush Enroute Kogi
Embattled Senator Dino Melaye , who was arrested on Tuesday by SARS operaive , have reportedly jumped out of a Police moving vehicle conveying him to Kogi state and ran into a thick bush . According to Daily Sun reports : “ In what was like a typical Sylvester Stallone film , on Tuesday afternoon in Abuja , embattled senator , Dino Melaye , [ … ]
The post How Senator Dino Melaye Allegedly Jumps Out Of Police Vehicle , Flees Into Bush Enroute Kogi appeared first on Timeofgist .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Confirmed Team News : Watford vs Spurs lineups
Watford team to play Spurs
# watfordfc subs v Spurs : Pantilimon ( GK ) , Sinclair , Ighalo , Kabasele , Mason , Stewart , Rowan . — Watford FC ( @ WatfordFC ) January 1 , 2017
Watford makes four changes as they host Tottenham Hotspur today .
Craig Carthcart , Juan Camilo Zúñiga , Abdoulaye Doucouré and Troy Deeney return to the time .
Miguel Britos , Daryl Janmaat , Valon Behrami and Odion Ighalo drop out .
Spurs team to play Watford
Tottenham Hotspur make four changes for today 's clash with Watford at Vicarage Road .
The big news is that centre-back Toby Alderweireld returns to the team . Kieran Trippier , Kevin Wimmer and Heung-min Son also come into the side .
They replace Kyle Walker , Jan Vertonghen , Mousa Dembele and Moussa Sissoko .
OTTAWA — The federal Liberal government is determined to rekindle intensive talks on a new continental trade pact this summer—even though President Donald Trump says he wo n't sign a renegotiated NAFTA until after the U.S. midterm elections this fall .
Now that Mexico 's presidential election is done , Ottawa wants negotiations on the North America Free Trade Agreement to restart as soon as possible , one government official familiar with the plan said on condition of anonymity .
“ Our priority has always been to conclude a mutually beneficial agreement as quickly as possible and that , I think , remains our goal , ” said the official , who was not authorized to discuss the matter publicly .
“ That 's what we 're going to stay focused on . We 'll see where it goes . ”
That effort is expected to intensify following Monday 's election win by Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , who has already said he supports the continued renegotiation of NAFTA and wants his own team of experts to be part of the talks before he takes office Dec. 1 .
Until Lopez Obrador is sworn in , members of the current Mexican administration will continue to serve as the country 's lead NAFTA negotiators , the official said .
Trump , however , has said he wants to wait until after November 's U.S. congressional midterms before committing to a new agreement .
In an interview that aired Sunday on Fox News , Trump said he could quickly sign a revised NAFTA with Canada and Mexico , but instead wants to land a better deal for the U.S . Asked about the timing of an agreement , Trump said : “ I want to wait until after the election . ”
Trump has also indicated repeatedly he 'd be open to striking separate agreements with Canada and Mexico .
A fresh round of talks on the three-country pact will come with Canada and the U.S. locked in an unprecedented , cross-border trade fight . The neighbours have already swapped punitive tariffs on some imports—and there are fears things could get worse .
On Sunday , Ottawa responded to the Trump administration 's tariffs on Canadian steel and aluminum with duties of its own against U.S. imports—dollar-for-dollar , reciprocal tariffs that target steel and aluminum , as well as a long list of consumer goods , the government says .
Trump himself has already threatened to go even further by putting tariffs on the auto sector , which could prove far more damaging for the Canadian economy than the steel and aluminum duties .
That tariff fight will form a rather tense backdrop for the effort to reach a NAFTA deal , which Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland has said she expects to ramp up soon , following several conversations last week with U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer .
On Monday , Prime Minister Justin Trudeau spoke with Lopez Obrador by phone . The two discussed “ mutually beneficial economic and trading relationship between the two countries , and their shared priority of updating the North American Free Trade Agreement for the betterment of their peoples , ” Trudeau 's office said in a statement .
Canada 's retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods do nothing to help Canada and will only hurt American workers , White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said Monday .
“ We 've been very nice to Canada for many years and they 've taken advantage of that , particularly advantage of our farmers , ” she said .
In recent months , Trump has frequently attacked Canadian trade barriers on agriculture—dairy products in particular—as unfairly hurting American farmers .
Trump told Fox about proposing to his G7 partners during last month 's summit in Quebec that they remove all trade-related barriers and taxes .
“ Canada , you 're not going to get 275 per cent for your dairy and you 're going to take down all your barriers , ” he said as an example .
“ We 're going to take down all our barriers , we 're going to take down all our taxes , right . Do you know what happened ? Everybody said , ‘ Uh , can we get on to another subject ? ” ‘
Trudeau has insisted the U.S. president 's complaints about Canada 's trade barriers are the result of his refusal to give in to Trump 's demands to do away with the country 's supply-management system , which is designed to protect dairy , poultry and egg producers .
The prime minister has said they 've disagreed over Trump 's call for Canada to open up its supply management system during NAFTA talks .
—with files from Associated Press
First things first ,
What exactly are cloud eggs ?
Cloud eggs are eggs that are whisked and cooked using the baking technique instead of frying .
Is it delicious ?
According to multiple Instagrammers , not only are the aesthetically pleasing to the eyes , they do in fact , taste pretty good , sort of like eggs on marshmallows .
This then leads us to the question ,
How Do You Make Them ?
Separate the yolks from the whites . Whisk the whites till it reaches stiff peaks . At this stage , you could either leave it as is , or fold in some chives , cheese etc . Next , scoop out the whisked whites onto a baking tray that has been lined with parchment paper . Make a little indentation in the center for the yolks , but do n't place the yolks in just yet .
Bake the whites in the oven for about two mins at a temperature of 160 degree Celsius . Take the tray out and add the yolk into the indentation made earlier , and bake for another three mins . Be sure to watch the baking process thoroughly as some ovens may differ from others , and you do n't want your eggs to be browned or worse , burnt .
CHESHIRE , Conn. — Officials from across the nation are checking out a Connecticut prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders .
Connecticut prison officials are showing off the TRUE Unit on Wednesday at the Cheshire Correctional Institution . It houses 18- to 25-year-old inmates along with older mentors , some of whom are serving life sentences .
The unit is based on a prison in Germany and focuses on education , family and skill development . Correction Commissioner Scott Semple says the idea is to create an environment that supports inmates whose brains are still developing .
The unit had been scaled back from a planned prison for young adults due to budget cuts . It has been open for about a year and will soon expand to the state 's prison for women .
The Broadway Theater 's Live in the Lobby concert series returns this month with a performance by Brandi Chubb . The shows are held in the lobby of the Broadway Theater so the setting will be intimate ; limited to just 50 tickets . The series is co-sponsored by WyoRadio and AAA Insurance – Randy McConnell .
The April show is set for Thursday , April 27 at 7:00 p.m. Tickets are now available at the Rock Springs Main Street/URA office ( 603 S Main Street ) or the Rock Springs Chamber of Commerce for just $ 5 . The final show in the series is set for Thursday , May 25 , 7 p.m. , featuring Nick Gomez
Brandi has awed the Sweetwater county area with her original bluesy country vocals for the past 9 years ! Brandi is married to her high school sweetheart and has three beautiful children . Her personal style does come with some influences from the past such as her childhood favorite , Patsy Cline . Brandi grew up gracing the stages of many local talent shows near her home town in Northeast Oklahoma as well as church , and national anthem performances in the surrounding area . Her love of singing stayed with her and grew stronger than her young family grew larger . Her young family moved to Wyoming in 2005 and shortly after her husband planted them firmly into the Wyoming community by being awarded a local mining job at Solvay Chemicals .
Brandi has been performing in the southwest Wyoming area since 2008 when she entered the “ Colgate Country Showdown ” and won runner-up , catching the ear of local radio station owner and DJ , Bill Luzmoor . Brandi then went on to win two consecutive years locally at the Wyoming 's Big Show , showcasing her original music for her performances , going on to represent Wyoming in Colorado and Utah as crowd favorite !
Brandi , along with her band , “ Brandi and Sweet Water ” , went on to open for the Eli Young Band , And Sawyer Brown at Flaming Gorge Days . Shortly after , in 2011 , Brandi and Sweet Water opened for Daryl Worley and Mickey and The Motor Cars . Brandi and Sweet Water had the opportunity to perform nightly at the Wyoming 's Big Show the same summer . Later that year Brandi 's original music was recorded for the first time with the help of her amazing group of musicians . Brandi and Sweet Water performed 6 consecutive years at Rock Spring 's Concert in the Park Summer Series with tremendous community attendance and support !
Brandi has been very involved with the Rock Springs community through her church and her passion for helping those in need , especially at the holidays . Brandi organized an annual Rock Springs Holiday charity event called , “ Christmas in the Park , ” which helps provide toys , coats , and food for those in need , as well as providing entertainment from local school music organizations . Brandi 's passion is to spread joy to those around her and the success of this event caught the eye of the city and later officially became a City of Rock Springs sponsored event . Brandi and Sweet Water have performed their favorite Christmas songs for this event as a gift to the community many of the years “ Christmas in the Park ” has been a part of Rock Spring 's holiday celebrations line up .
Brandi comes from a very talented background , having one grandmother who acted and sang in performances such as “ It 's a Wonderful Life ” and “ Singing In The Rain. ” Her other grandmother , who embodied the same sound as Loretta Lynn and was also a coal miner 's daughter , was sadly asked by her husband to turn down a record deal to give all her energies to their 4 children . Brandi also has an uncle who had one of the first running country and western shows in Vegas in the 70 's at Circus Circus .
Brandi has dreams of her own and the drive and talent to achieve them , not to mention an amazing family who supports her in every way . She knows that God has a plan and the right timing taken care of for her and her aspirations .
Rock Springs is where her heart is and where her fans are . She loves every minute of sharing her talent with them all and waits for the day she can share her love of soulful country music with them world .
For more information on the shows or the Broadway Theater , contact the Rock Springs Main Street/URA at 307-352-1434 . To view the complete schedule of shows at the Broadway Theater , visit DowntownRS.com
Residents of Oshiyie in the Greater Accra Region have petitioned the Inspector General of Police over pertinent issues that is deepening the unrest in town .
The of Family , Abusuapayin Paul Ameni Annoh said there is a long standing chieftaincy dispute at Oshiyie between the Nii Afadi Annoh Royal Family faction and the Kofi Akrashie Faction for over 18 years now .
According to him , the case is before an Arbitration Committee at the Ngleshie Alata Traditional Council for an amicable redress .
He said due to the long dispute between the two factions , some women , children , old men and women were assaulted , wounded and some arrested for no just cause . Properties belonging to some members of the Nii Afadi Annoh faction were also destroyed in the process .
According to the head of clan , due to the factional arrests of innocent members of the Nii Afadi Annoh faction and people of Oshiyie , parents of students who have passed and qualified for the free SHS ca n't come back home to cater for them to enable them to enjoy this laudable program .
He added that few women , children and the old who mustered courage to return to Oshiyie were attacked and brutalized .
Read the FULL Statement below .
PETITION TO STOP THE FACTIONAL ARRESTS OF INNOCENT PEOPLE IN OSHIYIE
I Abusuapayin Paul Ameni Annoh ( Head of the above named family ) , writes on behalf of the Kingmakers , Heads of the Principal Families and the people of Oshiyie wish to inform you about some very important issues that is deepening the unrest in Oshiyie .
There is a long standing chieftaincy dispute at Oshiyie between the Nii Afadi Annoh Royal Family faction and the Kofi Akrashie Faction for over 18 years now . The case is before an Arbitration Committee at the Ngleshie Alata Traditional Council for an amicable redress .
Due to the unrest in the town , the District Security Council organizes Annual Homowo Festival Peace Talk at the Ga South Municipal Assembly for both factions to discus how to celebrate the Homowo Festival peacefully . At this year 's meeting , it was agreed that no faction should sprinkle “ Kpokpoi ” in public as tradition demands . We the Nii Afadi Annoh faction adhered to that but the Kofi Akrashie faction did n't . They did it in a grand style amidst pump and pageantry throughout the whole town .
They later planned to celebrate the 1st anniversary of the late Kofi Akrashie , the self styled chief and leader of their faction . This we opposed and reported the matter to the DISEC as a security threat . A court order sort by Police was issued that both factions should not organize any public gathering for 10 days . They did n't celebrate the anniversary though but rather went on rampage through the town led by one Albert Akrashie Okine with guns and wielding cutlasses and clubs to terrorize innocent residents and people of Oshiyie . Some women , children , old men and women were assaulted and wounded ; properties belonging to some members of the Nii Afadi Annoh faction were also destroyed in the process .
The said Albert Akrashie Okine was arrested with a loaded pump-action short gun together with about 37 of his accomplices by Police , Kokrobite ; they were immediately extradited to the Greater Accra Regional Police for further investigations . They were admitted to Police enquiry bail the next day and up till date nothing has been heard of the case .
On 14th August , 2017 which also falls within the 10 day ban , one Abusua Gyaban Barnor in an attempt to erect a steel container on a portion of his father 's land was attacked and assaulted by a group of armed men led by one Newland Ansah Baah of the Akrashie faction . One Kofi Mako , a son in law of the victim , who tried to save him also sustained severe cutlass wounds .
On 17th August , 2017 groups of young men from both factions clashed at a building site in Oshiyie in which one life was lost and several wounded . A joint Police team from Koklobite District and Weija Division started investigation in which some arrests were made at Koklobite , Oshiyie and Bortianor respectively . The Regional Police CID called for the docket and took over the investigations , since then the Nii Afadi Annoh faction are being persecuted for murder as some innocent members have been arrested including Kofi Mako who was nursing his wounds at Bortianor where he resides . We believe that he was arrested just to rob him of his rights to pursue his pending assault case because he and all the suspects arrested have been refused bail and are still in Police custody in Accra .
On 3rd September , 2017 members of the Kofi Akrashie faction took the law into their own hands , armed with guns and cutlasses , led by Albert Akrashie Okine , Newland Ansah Baah and Amadu invaded Bortianor beach and again attacked some members of the Nii Afadi Annoh faction who have taken refuge there after haven been chased out of Oshiyie . One Abusuapayin Nii Asua Coppoe was wounded and one Abeka was brutalized and dragged to the Koklobite Police station .
Due to the factional arrests of innocent members of the Nii Afadi Annoh faction and people of Oshiyie , parents of students who have passed and qualified for the free SHS ca n't come back home to cater for them to enable them to enjoy this laudable program . A few women , children and the old who mustered courage to return to Oshiyie were attacked and brutalized . Fishing nets , canoes and other valuable properties have been burnt down by the Kofi Akrashie faction .
We strongly believe and are fully convinced that one Adjei Brown , a notorious land guard , who does n't hail from Oshiyie but for his selfish personal interests , is the influence behind all these atrocities .
There are a couple of criminal cases leveled against some members of the Akrashie faction but under the influence of the said Adjei Brown some of the cases have been called to the Regional Police CID as such we feel unfairly treated and have lost confidence in the Regional Crime Officer , Mr. Faakye and the Investigator in charge of the murder case D/C Insp . Goka .
We humbly pray you to use your good office to address above mentioned issues .
Yours faithfully
SIGNED
ABUSUAPAYIN PAUL AMENI ANNOH
( HEAD OF FAMILY )
cc .
THE MINISTER
MINISTRY OF INTERIOR
ACCRA
THE MINISTER
MINISTRY OF NATIONAL SECURITY
ACCRA
THE REGIONAL MINISTER
GREATER ACCRA REGION
ACCRA
THE REGIONAL POLICE COMMANDER
GHANA POLICE SERVICE
GREATER ACCRA REGION
ACCRA
THE MINISTER
MINISTRY FOR CHIEFTAINCY AFFAIRS
ACCRA
THE MUNICIPAL CHIEF EXECURTIVE
GA SOUTH MUNICIPAL ASSEMBLY
WEIJA
THE DIVISIONAL COMMANDER
GHANA POLICE SERVICE
WEIJA-ACCRA
THE DISTRICT COMMANDER
GHANA POLICE SERVICE
KOKROBITE
THE DIRECTOR ,
BUREAU OF NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS
ACCRA
THE ASSEMBLY MEMBER
KOKROBITE ELECTORAL AREA
KOKROBITE
According to Emerald Expositions , which organizes both shows , the new event came about after it noticed that PhotoPlus Expo attendees were increasingly interested in VR . While they considered creating a small virtual reality pavilion as part of the existing show , according to senior vice president John McGeary , the company realized that it made more sense to start a completely new conferences . Together , both the NYVR Expo and PhotoPlus Expo are expected to gather around 20,000 attendees .
As you 'd expect , the virtual reality conference will show off how the technology can be used in a variety of sectors , including healthcare , education and entertainment . It 'll also take advantage of NYC 's unique position as a melting pot for a variety of industries .
`` In the growing list of VR events on the West Coast and elsewhere , New York stands apart as a place where business gets done , '' said Hugh Seaton , CEO of of Aquinas Training and co-producer of the event . `` It 's where things get bought , clients have products , and a lot of brands and media companies are present . ''
Additionally , the NYVR Expo will also host an Incubator Zone , which will show off 20 startups who are using VR and AR in exceptional ways . That portion of the event will be organized by the NYC Media Lab , who are also putting together NYU 's upcoming VR hub . As for partners , the conference currently has HTC Vive , Microsoft and Facebook 360 aboard , as well as a slew of other VR companies . The Glimpse Group , which organizes the NYVR Meetup ( the world 's second-largest VR gathering ) , will also help organize the event .
While existing conventions like VRLA and the Augmented World Expo have had a major head start , there 's still room for the NYVR Expo to succeed . In addition to the established media community , there are already plenty of intriguing VR studios in the area , several of which were featured at Tribeca this year . And since it 's running for several days , it has room to go deeper than the VR 20/20 Summit in NYC , which lasts only one day .
[ Photo credit : The Glimpse Group ]
Public festivities celebrating Khmer New Year were held for the first time in South Korea on Sunday , drawing a crowd of about 20,000 , according to the Facebook pages of Labor Minister Ith Sam Heng and the Cambodian Embassy in Seoul .
The “ Moha Sankranta Khmer ” was held in a park in Suwon city—about 30 km south of Seoul in the northwestern province Gyeonggi-do—on the last day of the holiday .
“ This is the first big event that has never happened before , ” Long Dimanche , Cambodia 's ambassador to South Korea , said in a video announcing the party . “ It is an event that we conceived for people who could n't go to join the festival with their families in Cambodia . ”
About 60,000 Cambodians live in South Korea , he said .
The celebration was organized by the Cambodian Embassy , the Labor Ministry and the Cambodian community living in South Korea , with funding coming from the private sector in both countries , and the Cambodian government , he said . No details on the funding were given in the video , which was posted on Thursday on the Facebook page of the Cambodian Embassy in Seoul .
The ambassador , who could not be reached on Monday , also said the event would help promote Cambodian culture , and feature traditional Khmer dance , martial arts such as bokator , games , music and cuisines .
After wishing festival-goers a happy new year in a message on his Facebook page , Mr. Sam Heng , the labor minister , went on to reassure Cambodians that the government was keeping a close eye on the conflict in the Korean peninsula , which has escalated in recent months as North Korea continues to defy U.N. sanctions by carrying out nuclear weapons tests .
The government “ has already prepared the necessary measures to guarantee the safety of people there , ” he said in the Facebook post on Sunday . “ Therefore , please…stay calm and continue to work as usual . ”
Kong Vannoch , founder of an association of Cambodian migrant workers supporting Cambodian workers in South Korea , said on Monday that he participated in the festivities and hoped it would be held again .
“ I think we should do this every year , because it is an opportunity to show the solidarity and unity of Cambodian people , ” he said .
soumy @ cambodiadaily.com
© 2017 , The Cambodia Daily . All rights reserved . No part of this article may be reproduced in print , electronically , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed without written permission .
Six stories in the news for Tuesday , March 20
——
FIREARMS LEGISLATION COMING TODAY
The federal Liberals are set to tighten restrictions on the sale of guns under proposed legislation to be introduced as early as today . Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale is expected to fulfil a Liberal election platform promise to enhance background checks for anyone buying a handgun or other restricted firearm . The government has said it has no interest in building another national long-gun registry .
——
REPORT CALLS FOR MORE IMMIGRANTS TO STAY IN ATLANTIC CANADA
A new report says if Atlantic Canada wants to solve its economic and demographic problems , it must become more than a stopover for immigrants . A report on the matter will be released Wednesday at a conference in Fredericton . Nova Scotia has a five-year immigrant retention rate of 72 per cent , while Newfoundland and Labrador is at 56 per cent , New Brunswick is at 52 per cent , and P.E.I . is at just 18 per cent .
——
DIVERS TO RESUME SEARCH FOR MONTREAL BOY
Montreal police divers will return to the Rivieres des Prairies today to search for 10-year-old Ariel Jeffrey Kouakou . The boy has n't been seen since March 12 when he left his Montreal home to visit a friend 's house . Police divers made three dives on Monday , but did n't find any sign of the boy . The boy 's father has said he believes his son had been abducted .
——
DOUG FORD VOWS TO ‘ TAKE BACK ' ONTARIO
Doug Ford told a group of nearly 2,000 supporters Monday night that he plans to “ take back this province ” at his first major event since he was made leader of Ontario 's Progressive Conservative party earlier this month . He told a boisterous crowd at a rally in Toronto he believes he can build a majority government because Ontario voters are united in their dislike of Liberal Premier Kathleen Wynne .
——
QUEBEC TOWN ADOPTS SMOKING BAN
A Montreal suburb has adopted a bylaw that bans all smoking in public places in a move believed to be a first in Canada . Hampstead city council voted Monday night to ban tobacco or marijuana smoking on municipal property , including sidewalks and streets . The bylaw , passed by a vote of 5-2 , does not prohibit electronic cigarettes or smoking in cars in the town of 7,000 residents .
——
INSTAGRAM SHOPPING FEATURE COMING TO CANADA
Instagram is expanding its shopping feature to Canada . The social media giant will allow businesses to tag products in their posts , which users can tap to purchase or learn more about . The feature will also let businesses add a “ Shop ” tab to their profiles and collect data on how many people are tapping to see or buy their products via Instagram .
——
ALSO IN THE NEWS TODAY :
— Nova Scotia Finance and Treasury Board Minister Karen Casey delivers the 2018-19 provincial budget .
— Statistics Canada releases the wholesale trade figures for January .
— NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh will address CUPE 2424 members and Carleton University students on the picket line .
— Finance Minister Bill Morneau is in Brazil for a G20 Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors meeting .
— The Hot Docs festival in Toronto will announce its 2018 lineup .
In advance of his new album Prisoner , Ryan Adams appeared on today 's episode WTF with Marc Maron , chatting with Maron about his back catalog , his early punkish days as a musician , and the first time he met the Rolling Stones . The Stones stuff is especially charming , with the two gushing over their mutual hero worship for Keith Richards , who Adams calls a “ deeply intellectual ” conversationalist .
Adams opened for the Stones in the early 2000s , around the time of his breakthrough second solo album Gold . At some point , he shared a joint with Richards , an event that he recounts as a practically life-changing experience :
Adams : I remember the first time I was having a conversation with him , and he passed me a joint . And I remember my brain went into that freeze moment , when you 're like…imagine someone , where their whole life , they loved Meryl Streep or something . And they have pictures of her on their wall , or whatever . And so they find themselves at a coffee shop , and they 're behind her , and they say something . And time starts to slow down and freeze , just for the moment that their pleasant exchange happens… It was before I went on . It was the day , and it was a big production . And someone said “ Keith says to come down to Camp X-Ray. ” That was the name of his backstage area , which is awesome . And I was like “ Yeah , right on. ” I went down and said hello , and I sat down . And I remember he passed me this joint , and time just went tick , tick , tick , tick… tick… . tick… . and I looked at his fingers , and I looked at my fingers going to grab it . And in my mind I was imagining the Sistine Chapel , or whatever . Maron : Yeah , yeah . The two hands . The hand of God and the hand of man . Adams : I was like , “ Oh my God ! The joint is being passed ! ” It was so crazy .
Listen to Adams 's full WTF appearance here .
Join Delegate Adrienne A. Jones and R. Kevin Hooks , pastor of Transformation of Life Christian Church for the toy drive on December 12th from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. Bring new unwrapped toy ( s ) or non perishable food for free admission . Toys will be distributed to families in need in the Randallstown , Reisterstown and Owings Mills communities . The food donations to benefit the Maryland Food Bank and families in living in northwest Baltimore county .
OHIO VALLEY —The River City Runners will begin their 2017-18 race series this weekend in Mason County .
The Jingle All the Way 5K will be held on Dec. 16 at 10 a.m. at Riverside Golf Course in Mason , West Virginia . Race day registration will be from 8:30 a.m. to 9:30 a.m. being $ 25 per entry . Participants can preregister online for $ 20 and t-shirts will be given to the first 50 entrants .
“ My involvement with this group has been a combination of passions and has been a labor of love , ” said River City Runners member Renee Stewart . “ We hope that we 're inspiring the community to get moving and join us . We also hope to exemplify the power that this community has to make a difference . ”
Stewart shared the group 's goal this year is to raise $ 15,000 for the American Cancer Society and to encourage new members of the community to join them . Last season group members Jamie Bailey , Maurisa Baker , Nathan Becker , Susan Eason , Jessica Holliday , Brian Howard , Nathan Jeffers , Haley Kennedy , Mike Kennedy , Amy Perrin , Lara Perrin , Emma Perrin , Holly Raffle , Deanna Swartz , Jake Swindell , Monica Turner , and Stewart traveled to Columbus to participate in the C2C race . The C2C is a two day , 131-mile race from Columbus to Cincinnati in which proceeds go to the American Cancer Society . The group raised $ 14,000 .
“ The way the club works is to just pool ideas and resources between our members , ” said Stewart . “ There is no one person that is the driving force . We all realize that this is bigger than us and and we 're so proud to be a part of it . ”
The tentative dates for the race series for their 2017-18 season are as follows : Jingle All the Way 5K — Dec. 16 at 10 a.m. ; Lucky Leprechaun Dash — Mar . 17 at 10 a.m. ; Super Hero 5K — May 12 at 7:30 p.m. ; Big Bend Blues Dash 5K — July 28 at 8:30 a.m. ; JJ Gray 5K — Aug. 10 at 9:00 p.m. ; Keep Your Fork 5K — Nov. 24 10 a.m . The Princess and Pirate 5K is still to be announced .
For those who wish to donate to this race series or become a participant may visit http : //rivercityrunners1.com .
By Erin Perkins eperkins @ aimmediamidwest.com
Erin Perkins is a staff writer for Ohio Valley Publishing .
Erin Perkins is a staff writer for Ohio Valley Publishing .
Insecurity : Nigeria now ripe for state police – Zamfara Gov
By Emma Ujah
Gusau – Nigeria is now ripe for state police , the Governor of Zamfara State , Dr. Abdulaziz Abubakar , said Tuesday .
.
He spoke in his country home in Talata Mafara , Zamfara State , while addressing journalists on facility visit to the state .
According to him , the nation 's democracy has grown to a level to accommodate state police .
The governor explained that the continued killing of innocent Nigerians by various types of criminal elements made state police most imperative now .
His words , “ Democracy is growing day- by -day and if you look at the situation of who controls the police and the problems today these are internal security problems which they should be able to handle .
“ But that is not the case either because they are not well-trained , not enough or ill-equipped .
“ State governors pay theeir allowances , provide logistics and equip them . It is only arms and ammunition that we do n't provide and yet they do n't take orders from the state chief executives .
“ The other time we had intelligence that bandits were camped on a mountain , ready to attack a village .
“ It was the state commissioner of police that brought it to me . We agreed to increase the Mobile police in the area .
After some time he came and said that he had orders to withdraw the police because they wanted them elsewhere and I said we should rather increase not withdraw .
I was preparing to travel to Turkey . The moment I travelled , the CP withdrew the police and in less than two days , the criminals attacked the village , killing more than 30 people .
If the police was under my control that CP would have run away before I returned because I would not have only sacked him , he would have gone to prison
“ But what did we see , a few months after , he was posted elsewhere and soon after promoted as Assistant Inspector General of Police ”
The governor also gave an inşght into how he dedicates 70 per cent of his budget to capital .
According to him , upon assumption of office , he directed the civil service to prepare a 70/30 budget for capital and recurrent budget , respectively .
The governor said that their initial reaction was that is impossible but that heinsisted .
He said that 65 per cent capital /35 recurrent was brought and he rejected it until he has his way .
Gov . Abubakar advised that a drastic measure must be employed the change the federal government budget structure which is largely spent on recurrent , leaving only between 20- 25 per cent for capital projects .
The post Insecurity : Nigeria now ripe for state police – Zamfara Gov appeared first on Vanguard News .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It 's President Obama 's 11th Hour And His Own Have Turned On Him- ‘ He 's Gone Too Far '
Obama 's ego has been out of hand for a very long time , but now he has gone so far with it that there is no coming back . The potency of how much that man loves himself is disgusting .
He now does n't even try to conceal his true and cruel intentions . Not in the least bit .
Now Obama and his administration have sparked a full on revolt with the Democratic senators due to his latest sick move . Allowing the United Nations Security Council to full out condemn our own ally , Israel .
As most of us know already , the United States abstained in the vote , however the rules of the Security Council state that the U.S. could have vetoed the resolution , which would have give the power to block it .
Extremely frustrating , disappointing & confounding that the Administration has failed to veto the UN resolution . — Chuck Schumer ( @ SenSchumer ) December 23 , 2016
Now , incoming Senate Majority Leader , Chuck Schumer is breaking his silence and unleashing his outrage over the whole twisted ordeal . He stated that it was “ extremely frustrating , disappointing and confounding that the Administration has failed to veto this resolution . ”
When Democrats eat their own , it 's something worthy of reporting .
“ Whatever one 's views are on settlements , the UN is the wrong forum to settle these issues . The UN has been a fervently anti-Israel body since the days of ‘ Zionism is racism ' and , unfortunately , that fervor has never diminished , ” Schumer said in a statement .
“ Knowing this , past Administrations – both Democrat and Republican – have protected Israel from the vagaries of this biased institution . Unfortunately , this Administration has not followed in that path and its actions will move us further from peace in the Middle East , ” said Schumer , who is a strong supporter of Israel and who also criticized the Obama administration 's Iranian nuclear deal as a threat to Israel .
Schumer is not the only one taking a stand against Obama and his administration .
“ I urge the Obama administration to veto the United Nations resolution demanding an end to Israeli settlement building , ” said Sen. Joe Manchin , D-W.Va .
“ I support two-party negotiations to reach agreement on any settlement issues , and this U.N. resolution is not the way to pursue peace between the Palestinian Authority and the state of Israel . ”
Sen. Mark Warner , D-Va. , said he was “ dismayed that the Administration departed from decades of U.S. policy by not vetoing the UN resolution regarding Israeli settlements . ”
What we 're hearing now is most Democrats have turned to criticizing Obama and his administration for their massive policy change .
Among those Democrats is Sen. Richard Blumenthal who said :
“ Consistent with past policy , this administration must now veto this most recent misguided and one-sided attempt backed by the Palestinian Authority to isolate Israel and weaken the peace process , ”
The administration 's handling of the “ flagrantly one-sided resolution is unconscionable , ” he added .
“ I think this was a last insult on the way out the door , ” said Rep. Tom Cole , R-Okla. “ I do n't think it makes the president look very well , ” he said .
Finally speaking Tuesday on MSNBC 's Morning Joe , Cole himself also chimed in calling Obama 's action a ‘ mistake '
“ … to do something that you know is deliberately at odds with what the incoming president is going to do on a stage this big , I think shows a certain pettiness that I 'm surprised to see in President Obama , who usually rises above these sorts of things , ” he said .
I think his action is totally consistent with how he has governed the last 8 years , and very happy that he will be gone soon . Here 's hoping that he will all but disappear during the Trump Administration… like a bad dream .
Residents can find out more information about local services and support available to them at an event in Leighton Buzzard tomorrow ( Tuesday , August 15 ) .
The Just Ask event is hosted by Healthwatch Central Bedfordshire in partnership with Central Bedfordshire Council and Aragon Housing and will take place in the Market Square from 9am to 1.30pm .
Visitors to the brightly coloured bus will have the chance to find out a wealth of topics relating to social care , health , housing , children 's services and learning opportunities .
So far this summer more than 900 people have visited the one-stop shop during its tour across Central Bedfordshire .
Professionals with different areas of expertise including children , young people , families , older people and carers will be on hand to answer your questions .
Cllr Carole Hegley , Executive Member for Social Care and Housing , said : “ This is a great opportunity to find out what is going on in the area as well as local support and services available . There is also the opportunity to have your say on our Draft Local Plan and other consultations currently taking place .
“ If you are in Leighton Buzzard on Tuesday , please come on board and find out more for yourself , family members , friends or neighbours . ”
For information about the Just Ask events you can visit Healthwatch Central Bedfordshire 's website , email info @ healthwatch-centralbedfordshire.org.uk or call 0300 303 8554 .
MONTREAL — The U.S. Department of Commerce is adding nearly 80 per cent in preliminary anti-dumping duties on exports of Bombardier 's CSeries commercial jet . The Montreal-based aircraft manufacturer 's ( TSX : BBD.B ) 100- to 150-seat plane faces a total tariff of almost 300 per cent when combined with last week 's almost 220 per cent countervailing duties .
Here 's what you need to know about U.S. export duties :
Q : What is the difference between countervailing and anti-dumping duties ?
A : Countervailing duties are applied when the Department of Commerce determines that foreign governments unfairly subsidized the named producers and exporters . Anti-dumping duties are added if the department subsequently determines that the exported product is being sold in the United States at a price that is below that producer 's sales price in its home market or at a price that is lower than the cost of production .
Q : When are duties paid ?
A : Duties are paid when the product is exported into the United States . For Bombardier CSeries aircraft , that would only come when the first deliveries to Delta Air Lines are made next year . Canadian softwood lumber producers have paid hundreds of millions of dollars in export deposits related to preliminary duty orders .
Q : What is the process to have duties applied ?
A : The U.S. International Trade Commission responds to a petition by making a preliminary decision that there is a reasonable indication that the American industry is materially injured by the imported products . Following investigations , the Department of Commerce announces preliminary countervailing and anti-dumping duties . Several months later they make final determinations about the duties . The USITC then decides if the industry was harmed . If so , the Secretary of Commerce issues duty orders which are enforced by the U.S. Customs Service .
Q : Can the decisions be appealed ?
A : U.S. International Trade Commission decisions can be appealed to the U.S. Court of International Trade in New York City . In cases involving Canada and/or Mexico , the appeal can be made to a binational panel under the North American Free Trade Agreement . The case can also be taken to the World Trade Organization .
Q : Where do cases against Canada stand ?
Bombardier CSeries : The Department of Commerce on Friday announced preliminary anti-dumping duties , following the imposition of nearly 220 per cent preliminary countervailing duties . Final determination on both are expected Dec. 18 . The final USITC determination is scheduled for Feb. 1 , with an order being issued Feb. 8 .
Softwood Lumber : Canadian softwood lumber producers were assessed 6.87 per cent in preliminary anti-dumping tariffs and a 19.88 rate for preliminary countervailing duties , which ended in early September . Five producers were singled out for their own duties . The Department of Commerce is slated to announce final duty determinations on Nov. 14 . The USITC is scheduled to release its final determination on Dec. 21 .
Uncoated groundwood paper : A Washington State paper company launched a petition in August against uncoated groundwood paper from Canada . The USITC issued its decision Sept. 22 that there was a reasonable indication of material injury from the imported products . A preliminary CVD decision is expected around Nov. 2 , followed by a preliminary anti-dumping decision around Jan. 16 .
Housing and Construction Minister Yoav Galant said on Tuesday that Sheikh Raed Salah , head of the outlawed northern branch of the Islamic Movement in Israel should be put behind bars .
Responding to Salah 's arrest for incitement , the retired general told public radio that Saleh `` uses the rights he receives from the state in order to harm it . ''
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your kiro profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Gabrielle Oldroyd had a kidney transplant at the age of 10 .
But it did n't stop the 19-year-old taking part in the famous World Coal Carrying Championships in Gawthorpe on Easter Monday .
Gabrielle , who underwent surgery in 2008 , was raising money for the charity Lupus UK .
She entered the women 's Coal Race and trained with a sack of coal in the weeks leading up to the annual event .
Gabrielle has also been Gawthorpe 's May Queen in the past .
She and other entrants spoke to the Yorkshire Evening Post 's video reporter David Clay at the finish line .
The men 's race was won by Andrew Corrigan and the women 's by Jenni Mustan . Damian Cameron was the fastest veteran .
Al Jazeera / Doha , Qatar
TRUMP 'S AGGRESSIVE ANTI-IMMIGRATION AGENDA IS DOOMED TO FAIL
“ ‘ New report from [ Department of Homeland Security ] [ Department of Justice ] shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted in terrorism related charges are foreign born .... ' So tweeted US President Donald Trump on ... January 16 , 2018 ... , ” writes Rafia Zakaria . “ President Trump 's tweet ... was incorrect .... [ The report ] found that three out of four individuals convicted in the United States on ‘ international terror-related ' charges are foreign-born .... [ I ] t misstates statistics and creates new definitions of terrorism ....
[ H ] undreds of thousands of protesters took to the streets to mark Trump 's one-year anniversary in office .... Trump 's aggressive anti-immigration efforts ... are ... doomed to failure . ”
The Guardian / London
ALERT TO THE RISE OF ‘ RACE ' SCIENTISTS AND EUGENICISTS
“ [ It has ] emerged that University College London has been unwittingly hosting an annual conference attended by race scientists and eugenicists for the past few years ... , ” writes Angela Saini . “ [ I ] t is only the latest instalment in the rise of ‘ scientific ' racism within academia . Researchers with extreme views on race number relatively few but ... they are now managing to push their ideas into the mainstream , including into respectable scientific journals .... But the steady creep of extreme views ... should worry us all .... The scientific community needs to be more vigilant . The system broke down over eugenics research in the early 20th century , with catastrophic consequences . We have to ensure this never happens again . ”
The Daily Star / Dhaka , Bangladesh
INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITY MUST KEEP PRESSURE ON MYANMAR
“ We are not particularly surprised that the return of Rohingyas to their homeland in Myanmar [ did not ] start [ Jan. 23 ] as scheduled in the repatriation agreement between Bangladesh and Myanmar ... , ” states an editorial . “ Apart from the huge logistical task of finalising the list of families eligible for repatriation , there are other conditions that have not changed .... First of all , Myanmar has not given any guarantees regarding a safe , dignified and sustainable environment in Rakhine , where the refugees will return to voluntarily .... [ I ] t is crucial that the international community continues to maintain pressure on Myanmar ... so that the Rohingya refugees can return to their homeland without fear and as equal citizens in that country . ”
Deutsche Welle / Bonn , Germany
TEMPERING EXPECTATIONS OF PAUL KAGAME 'S LEADERSHIP OF THE AFRICAN UNION
“ For the first time , Rwandan leader Paul Kagame will chair an African Union summit after he was elected in July 2017 ... , ” writes Fred Muvunyi . “ Many Africans ... have high expectations of Kagame . During his twelve months in office ... he hopes to ensure that the organization becomes self-funded .... While I believe that seeking to become self-funding is a good idea , I would have liked to see African leaders initiating a reform to reorganize the entire continent into a coherent social-political bloc .... Can Kagame resuscitate our dignity ? I have my doubts .... It remains to be seen whether the new leader will go on to tackle corruption comprehensively or consolidate his control over the levers of power and public wealth . ”
Jamaica Observer / Kingston , Jamaica
WHAT IS BEHIND THE ONGOING STRUGGLE OF CARIBBEAN ECONOMIES ?
“ Since [ the global financial crisis ] , economic growth in the Caribbean has been very low , inconsistent and unsustainable ... , ” states an editorial . “ Some of the excuses for the failure ... lie in the following . First , God made us too small to be viable . Empirical evidence of The Bahamas , the Cayman Islands , and Barbados ... all disproved this excuse . Second , developed countries are consistently trying to push us out of any niche we find .... To be internationally competitive we have to meet global best standards . Third , anaemic economic performance is a self-inflicted wound by poor economic management .... Fourth , natural disasters have destroyed years of gross domestic product . The Caribbean is not the only region ... prone to natural disasters .... Caribbean governments have a case to answer .... ”
Read this story at csmonitor.com
Become a part of the Monitor community
19:01 Reported News Briefs Av 22 , 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22 , 5777 , 14/08/17 New immigrants on the way : 70 to join IDF Read More than 200 new immigrants are to fly from New York to Israel , including dozens of lone soldiers . ► ◄ Last Briefs
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cheshire Phoenix head coach Ben Thomas insists that he and his side wo n't simply be heading to the BBL Cup final to enjoy a day out .
The Nix made their first final in seven years after a stunning second leg comeback to defeat London Lions at the Copper Box Arena in the semi-final on Sunday night , overturning a 13-point deficit from the first leg by winning game two 83-67 .
The victory means that Cheshire will now face either Sheffield Sharks or Worcester Wolves in the final at Arena Birmingham on Sunday , January 28 . Worcester holds a 10-point advantage from the first leg with the two teams set to meet again on December 20 .
It has been a long time coming for Cheshire fans who last made a showpiece final in 2010 , then known as the Jets , when they were beaten in the finals of the BBL Trophy and BBL Cup .
The last time Cheshire won silverware was as the Chester Jets in 2005 when they won the league title , but their last win in a cup competition came 12 months earlier .
Rookie head coach Thomas , in his first full season at the helm , is now keen to bring some more silverware to the club .
“ I 'm made up for the guys because of the fact that all the preparation beforehand went to plan and they executed what we asked of them . They were superb , ” said Thomas .
( Image : Adam Day Photography )
“ But I 'm most pleased for the fans because it has been a long time since they have been to a major final and they have stuck with us over the years when we did n't have a winning team on the floor .
“ But we are n't going there to have a nice day out and just have fun , we want to win and we want to bring back some silverware . ”
Thomas has been involved with the club since 2012 in a coaching capacity , acting as an assistant to numerous coaches until being given a chance to take the helm at the end of last season on an interim basis .
He grasped his chance and was named as the head coach for this season , and with a winning 5-4 record in the BBL so far and a trip to a major final , it has been quite the journey .
( Image : Adam Day Photography )
“ I was one of those fans who was going on away trips to Wembley and watching us when we were dominating British basketball as the Jets in the early 2000s , ” said Thomas .
“ I 've been involved in the game playing and coaching since I was about eight and I 've been really fortunate to be able to get involved with the club over the past five years or so .
“ But this is all down to the players and how they buy into what we are trying to do and how they go out there and execute the game plan . They deserve to be rewarded for that . ”
CHICAGO -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Apr 24 , 2018 -- The Claro Group ( Claro ) , a financial , economic and management consulting firm , announced the recent promotions of Matt Infantino , Katie McNally , Chris Quinn , and E. Weiant Williams to Managing Director . Claro is honored to be announcing these organic , intra-organization promotions .
This press release features multimedia . View the full release here : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006262/en/
Matt Infantino , Managing Director , The Claro Group , LLC ( Photo : Business Wire )
Matt Infantino has been with Claro 's Chicago office since the firm was founded in 2005 . He has over 18 years of professional experience and specializes in the quantification and resolution of complex insurance claims and other financial disputes . His experience includes probabilistic risk analysis involving the measurement of economic damages , allocation modeling , and negotiation and settlement strategies for maximizing insurance assets . Matt also has significant experience in the management , collection and analysis of complex datasets , including the design of CAMeo , a secure web-based claims management and payment system .
Katie McNally has been with The Claro Group since its inception in 2005 . She was recently named a Rising Star of the Profession by Consulting Magazine and is located in the Chicago office . She specializes in damages quantification , statistical analyses , complex claims consulting , and litigation risk analysis . In addition to her consulting responsibilities , Katie is an Adjunct Lecturer of Statistics and Economics at Northwestern University .
Chris Quinn is the Practice Lead of Claro 's Corporate Recovery Services . He is located in our Houston office and has more than 20 years of experience in financial advisory services . He has been involved in numerous projects including , litigation consulting , financial and operational restructurings , valuations , accounting , insurance claims , financial recovery/bankruptcy , and complex damages analysis . Chris has authored numerous expert and valuation reports and has testified in various district and bankruptcy courts .
E. Weiant Williams is one of the original employees of Claro and is based out of its Chicago office . Through his 17 year career , Mr. Williams has assisted clients in virtually all aspects of the claim and litigation process , such as damage quantification , coverage analysis , allocation modeling , negotiation strategy , expert testimony , and international arbitration . He has extensive experience in the resolution of third-party APH ( asbestos , pollution and human health ) claim issues , and he has aided numerous clients in the development and preparation of first-party property damage , business interruption , and builders risk claims .
Claro has no doubt that this new crop of Management Directors will build upon their already impressive resumes and continue to deliver value-added services to their clients .
The Claro Group , LLC
Founded by former “ Big 5 ” accounting and consulting firm partners , The Claro Group , LLC ( `` Claro '' ) , is one of the nation 's top privately owned financial and economic consulting firms . Claro provides analytics and solutions in high-stakes litigation matters , investigations , insurance claims , corporate recovery , government contracts and the technology solutions that support them . Our offices are located in Chicago , Houston , Los Angeles , Washington , D.C. and Austin .
View source version on businesswire.com : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006262/en/
CONTACT : The Claro Group
Lauren Fumanti , 512-717-0371
lfumanti @ theclarogroup.com
KEYWORD : UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA ILLINOIS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD : PROFESSIONAL SERVICES ACCOUNTING CONSULTING FINANCE INSURANCE LEGAL
SOURCE : The Claro Group , LLC
Copyright Business Wire 2018 .
PUB : 04/24/2018 02:00 PM/DISC : 04/24/2018 02:00 PM
http : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424006262/en
KAZAN , Russia — To get past Belgium in the quarterfinals at the World Cup , Brazil has to do something it has not been able to do since it last won the tournament in 2002 : overcome European opposition in the knockout stages .
Since beating Germany 2-0 in the 2002 World Cup final , the five-time winner has been eliminated by European sides in the three subsequent competitions . Brazil lost to France and the Netherlands in the quarterfinals of the 2006 and 2010 World Cups and was humiliated 7-1 by Germany in the semifinals four years ago at home .
Fortunately for the Selecao , Belgium has a poor record against South American sides at the World Cup . Not only has Belgium not won any of its games against South American teams in the knockout stages , it has n't even managed to score a goal . Most recently , Belgium lost 1-0 to Argentina in the 2014 quarterfinals .
The core of that side remains in place in Russia , where Belgium has won all four of its matches , including coming back from 2-0 down to beat Japan in the round of 16 with a thrilling counterattack in the final seconds of injury time .
Everyone knew about the array of talent running through the Belgium side , from Thibaut Courtois in goal to Kevin De Bruyne in midfield and Eden Hazard and Romelu Lukaku up front . The main questions following disappointing defeats in the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 European Championship centred on the team 's character .
That 3-2 victory over Japan was the first time a team has overcome a two-goal deficit to win outright since West Germany beat England in 1970 , and the first to do it in regulation since Portugal came from three down to beat North Korea in 1966 . It has fueled confidence inside the Belgium camp that it can deal with adversity and make the World Cup semifinals for the first time since 1986 .
“ Maybe it 's this sort of match that we needed for the future , ” said Hazard , the captain .
Coach Roberto Martinez won praise for his substitutions , with both Marouane Fellaini and Nacer Chadli scoring , the latter with practically the last kick of the match .
“ You have to find solutions , you have to find reaction but what you have to find more than anything is the desire and togetherness of a group of players , that they are desperate to perform , ” Martinez said .
Unlike the game against Japan , Martinez said , Belgium will be the underdog in the quarterfinal against Brazil and as such should play with a certain amount of freedom .
“ I think it 's a game that when you are a little boy , you dream of being involved in a World Cup , facing Brazil in a quarterfinal , ” he said , “ so from our point of view we can enjoy from the first second . ”
Brazil coach Tite dismissed talk that his team is the favourite to win the match against Belgium , let alone the World Cup .
“ Everything is open , up for grabs , ” he said .
The winner will play France or Uruguay in the semifinals in St. Petersburg on Tuesday .
WHAT WILL GIVE ?
Belgium is the competition 's top scorer with 12 in its four games , with the goals spread around the team . Lukaku has four but seven of his teammates have scored , too .
Though Brazil has yet to hit the heights on the attacking front , it and Uruguay have been the meanest defences in the competition , conceding just one goal apiece in four matches .
There is a worry for Brazil heading into the Belgium match : The team will be without midfielder Casemiro , who is suspended after picking up a second yellow card in the 2-0 win over Mexico in the round of 16 . Casemiro has provided a strong shield in front of the Brazilian defence . One option could see Fernandinho come into the side for a role he is accustomed to playing at Manchester City .
WALKING A TIGHTROPE
As has been the case throughout this World Cup , Brazilian forward Neymar will likely garner much of the attention during the match , both for his skills and speed as well as his on-field theatrics . Neymar will have to be careful not to pick up another booking as he would miss a semifinal should Brazil prevail . Others walking a tightrope are midfielder Philippe Coutinho and defender Filipe Luis .
For Belgium , defender Jan Vertonghen and De Bruyne are carrying yellow cards as well .
——
Samuel Petrequin in Kazan , Russia , contributed to this report .
——
More AP World Cup coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Sports News of Saturday , 7 October 2017
Source : GHANAsoccernet.com
2017-10-07
Christopher Bonney
Ebusua Dwarfs defender Christopher Bonney has rubbished bribery allegations against him which forced the club to omit him from the squad that beat Inters Allies 3-1 in Cape Coast on Wednesday .
Section of the club 's supporters accused him of negotiating a match of convenience after being spotted at the Elmina Beach Resort with alleged officials of Eleven Is To One .
The former Kotoko defender was subsequently left out of the mid-week clash at the Cape Coast stadium .
But he has vehemently denied the claims as a complete falsehood .
“ I have never met any official of Inter Allies let alone to collect money from him , I only met my former coach Didi Dramani who rather took me to the Elmina Beach Resort to have a meal and nothing like football related issues were even discussed so I do n't understand why some of the supporters are surprisingly accusing me of taking bribe from Inter Allies officials , ” he told Cape Coast-based ATL FM
'' It is never true and I can never do that because I love Dwarfs that is why after my stint with Kotoko , I returned to the club . ”
WASHINGTON — The Latest on Ronny Jackson , President Donald Trump 's pick to be secretary of Veterans Affairs ( all times local ) :
10:15 a.m .
A Senate committee says it has delayed Wednesday 's confirmation hearing for Ronny Jackson , President Donald Trump 's pick to be secretary of Veterans Affairs .
Spokeswoman Amanda Maddox cites growing questions from lawmakers over Jackson 's qualifications .
The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee was scheduled to hold Jackson 's hearing on Wednesday .
Trump selected Jackson to head the VA last month after firing former Obama administration official David Shulkin following an ethics scandal and mounting rebellion within the agency . But Jackson has since faced numerous questions from Republican and Democratic lawmakers about whether he has the experience to manage the massive department of 360,000 employees serving 9 million veterans .
——
9:20 a.m .
The White House is standing behind Ronny Jackson , President Donald Trump 's choice to be Veterans Affairs secretary amid growing questions about his qualifications .
Spokesman Hogan Gidley is praising Jackson , who is Trump 's White House doctor and a Navy rear admiral , for serving as a physician to three U.S. presidents , both Republican and Democrat . He says Jackson has a record of “ strong decisive leadership ” and is “ exactly what 's needed at the VA . ”
Senators have been discussing plans to delay Jackson 's confirmation hearing , saying more time may be needed to review whether Jackson can manage a massive agency of 360,000 employees serving 9 million veterans .
The hearing is scheduled for Wednesday .
——
1:46 a.m .
Senators are discussing plans to delay the confirmation hearing for President Donald Trump 's pick to be Veteran Affairs secretary over growing questions about the nominee 's ability to manage the government 's second-largest department .
The hearing for Ronny Jackson , Trump 's White House doctor , is scheduled for Wednesday .
Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal says some Republicans have told him that they think the hearing should be postponed , which he says deserves consideration .
Blumenthal says he thinks there may well be a need for more time , in fairness to Jackson , so that he and the administration have an opportunity to answer these questions fully and fairly .
Blumenthal declined to discuss why more time might be needed .
White House and VA officials are also discussing a delay with key allies outside the administration .
Fancy making another gorgeous Chocolate Cake this Christmas that will definitely be a hit with all the family ? A cake that celebrates the reason for the season !
I developed this recipe for Woman 's Weekly Magazine and you can find the recipe on Good to Know here ..
Chocolate Finger Nativity Cake
MONTREAL — Quebec City Mayor Regis Labeaume says he believes federal dollars will be available for any citizens who suffer property damage during next week 's G7 summit .
Labeaume told reporters today the federal government wants to ensure people do n't file fraudulent claims .
But the mayor says he is confident Ottawa will have money left in its $ 600-million budget for the G7 to pay citizens with damage to their business or property if protests get out of hand .
The mayor is in Montreal today vaunting Quebec City 's attractiveness to the business community and hoping to recruit immigrants to work in his town .
World leaders from Canada , the United States , the United Kingdom , France , Germany , Japan and Italy will participate in the annual G7 meeting June 8-9 in La Malbaie , Que .
Protesters are expected to converge during the same period in Quebec City , about 140 kilometres south of the summit meeting , for three days of events and demonstrations .
RALEIGH , N.C. — When Ernie Barnes played with the San Diego Chargers , his teammates nicknamed him “ Big Rembrandt ” because he was always scribbling on pieces of paper .
After he retired , he went on to become a famous painter . His “ Sugar Shack ” painting was on the cover of a Marvin Gaye album and was used in the closing credits of the sitcom “ Good Times . ”
Now the North Carolina Museum of History in Raleigh is exhibiting 38 of his paintings .
Many are n't known because Barnes often painted for people who commissioned his work .
Barnes played professional football in the 1960s before pursuing his art career . He 's famous for his elongated figures of African-Americans in uplifting scenes .
The exhibit is the first since he died at age 70 in 2009 . It continues through March 3 .
WILLINGEN , Germany — Daniel Andre Tande of Norway defeated overall leader Richard Freitag to win his first ski jumping World Cup of the season on Saturday .
Tande soared 148 metres with his first jump and 146.5 with his second for 261.3 points to edge Freitag by 0.8 points . The German had jumps of 149.5 and 141.5 metres .
Dawid Kubacki of Poland was third after jumps of 145 and 139.5 metres , followed by teammate Kamil Stoch and Andreas Wellinger of Germany .
With eight events including Sunday 's World Cup remaining , Freitag leads on 817 points , followed by Stoch on 783 , Wellinger on 710 , and Tande on 665 .
The World Cup on Sunday is the last before the Olympics .
Kazakhstan 's Air Astana launched weekly nonstop Uralsk ( Kazakhstan ) -Frankfurt service June 14 , using an Airbus A320 configured with 16 business- and 132 economy-class seats .
According to the Almaty-based carrier , the new service is in response to “ growing demand for international services to and from Uralsk to better serve the 230,000 inhabitants in the far west of the country . The region boasts growing economic production across the energy , mineral resource and mechanical engineering sectors . Agricultural production also plays an important role within the local economy , ” the national carrier of Kazakhstan said in a statement .
Agreements with partner airlines will allow passengers in both directions to connect seamlessly in Frankfurt across flight networks in Europe and North America .
Air Astana VP-marketing & sales Richard Ledger said the route plays a “ vital role , connecting the region with Europe , from economic , social and cultural perspectives . ”
Air Astana operates flights to more than 60 domestic and international routes . Its fleet consists of Boeing 767 , 757 , Airbus A319 , A320 , A320neo , A321 and Embraer E190 aircraft .
Linda Blachly linda.blachly @ penton.com
Money
The winds of change affect investors at various times of the year and late summer historically is one of those times .
Not only is the August-September time frame a period of reduced volume trading that coincides with the end of the second-quarter reporting season , it also tends to be more volatile if negative news crosses the tape . As recent events have shown , geopolitical tension stemming from the North Korean conflict is driving volatility higher and calling into question the market 's bullish uptrend .
While the hottest names in the tech sector have led the major averages for most of the year , financials caught a strong bid following strong employment data that prompted bond yields to tick higher . Just when it seemed the bulls were about to take out the 2,500 level for the S & P 500 and force more cash off the sideline , a war of words erupted between President Trump and North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un . Market participants had been taking the heated rhetoric in stride and were especially relieved when the United Nations Security Council voted 9-0 to impose fresh sanctions on North Korea following the latest unlawful missile tests .
The new sanctions are aimed at countering the threat posed by Pyongyang 's nuclear program following two intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) tests in July . The United States-drafted resolution comes after weeks of tough rhetoric from the administration of President Donald Trump , with the President himself having recently taken aim at China for not doing enough , in his view , to counter the regime of North Korea leader Kim Jong-un .
The United States “ is taking and will continue to take prudent defensive measures to protect ourselves and our allies ” from the threat posed by North Korea , US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said after the vote . She described the new resolution as “ the single-largest economic package ever levelled against the North Korean regime. ” The new resolution bans North Korean exports of coal , iron , iron ore , lead , lead ore and seafood . It also prohibits countries from increasing the current number of North Korean laborers who are working abroad , bans new joint ventures with North Korea and any new investment in current joint ventures .
Click here to read the rest of the article , “ Safe Haven Investing Back in Fashion. “
WASHINGTON — The polarizing politics of abortion have burst into the congressional budget debate , overwhelming bipartisan efforts to help millions of consumers who buy their own health insurance policies get relief from soaring premiums .
On Monday , Senate and House Republicans released their latest plan to stabilize the Affordable Care Act 's insurance markets . It provides new federal money to offset the cost of treating the sickest patients and restores insurer subsidies that President Donald Trump terminated last year .
That 's clearly a big shift from last year , when repealing “ Obamacare ” was the GOP 's demand . But the fine print of the GOP offer includes restrictions on abortion funding that Democrats have already rejected , a “ poison pill ” to abortion rights supporters . They say the proposal could block abortion coverage by some health insurance plans consumers purchase with their own money .
Lawmakers of both parties have been negotiating over a health insurance stabilization bill for months , and some experts estimate such legislation could reduce premiums by 20 per cent to 40 per cent , after two years of relentless increases .
The office of one of the leading Democratic negotiators , Sen. Patty Murray of Washington , Monday called the Republican offer “ partisan , ” saying in a statement it came as a surprise .
In an interview last Friday , Murray said that her GOP counterparts have only recently started raising the issue of abortion restrictions .
“ To me that is just unacceptable , ” Murray said . “ Why would they add it on at the last minute ? ” She complained that some Republicans were taking the stabilization bill “ hostage . ”
The impasse over abortion restrictions on health insurance is just one of several divisive social issues complicating prospects for the $ 1.3 trillion spending bill that would keep the government open and provide funding increases for military and domestic programs .
Others include a Republican demand for stronger “ conscience ” protections for clinicians who object to abortions and assisted suicide , and a Democratic manoeuvr to protect family planning money for Planned Parenthood clinics , which provide birth control for many low-income women .
Federal funding for abortion has long been restricted by a series of laws known as the Hyde amendment , which prohibit taxpayer funds from being used to pay for abortions , expect in cases of rape , incest , or when the woman 's life is endangered .
Abortion remains a legal medical procedure in the United States , covered by many employer plans . However , the abortion rate has dropped significantly , from about 29 per 1,000 women of reproductive age in 1980 to about 15 in 2014 . Better contraception , fewer unintended pregnancies and state restrictions may have played a role , according to a recent scientific report .
Former President Barack Obama 's Affordable Care Act attempted a compromise over abortion .
Passed with only Democratic votes , the health law allowed plans sold through HealthCare.gov to cover abortion , provided they did n't tap taxpayer subsidies that help low- to moderate-income people pay premiums . Instead the plans would have to collect a separate premium solely for abortion coverage , and keep the accounts strictly separate .
The ACA also allowed states to prohibit abortion coverage in their insurance markets , and about half have done so .
But abortion opponents decried Obama 's compromise as a bookkeeping exercise . They wanted the Hyde amendment applied to plans sold to individuals through HealthCare.gov and state insurance markets .
The new GOP bill would apply the Hyde restrictions to two streams of federal money .
One is restored subsidies that compensate insurers for required discounts on copays and deductibles for low-income people .
The second funding stream would stabilize insurance markets by helping cover costs for the sickest patients .
Abortion rights supporters say that the second prohibition could result in abortion restrictions for health insurance that consumers buy with their own money outside of HealthCare.gov . That 's because a fund to help with the costs of the sickest patients would help reduce premiums across all plans in a given state .
Sen. Murray is hoping Republicans will change their minds .
But Republicans say they 've already come a long way , by signing onto legislation that would address some of the problems with “ Obamacare . ”
“ I 'm willing to ensure payments are there to bring premiums down , ” said Rep. Chris Smith , R-N.J. “ But we do n't want to be complicit in taking the lives of unborn children . ”
On Friday 's St. Louis on the Air , host Don Marsh discussed how protests over the Stockley verdict have evolved .
Earlier this week , St. Louis police arrested 143 demonstrators after Interstate 64 was blocked for a time .
In September , Jason Stockley , a former St. Louis police officer , was found not guilty of first-degree murder in the 2011 shooting of Anthony Lamar Smith . Prosecutors alleged Stockley executed Smith after a car chase and then planted a gun in his car . Stockley maintained that Smith reached for a gun and that he shot Smith in self-defense .
Joining the program were :
Shula Neuman , Executive Editor , St. Louis Public Radio
Willis Ryder Arnold , Reporter , St. Louis Public Radio
A Behind the Headlines discussion about ongoing protests related to the Stockley verdict .
St. Louis on the Air brings you the stories of St. Louis and the people who live , work and create in our region . St. Louis on the Air host Don Marsh and producers Mary Edwards , Alex Heuer and Kelly Moffitt give you the information you need to make informed decisions and stay in touch with our diverse and vibrant St. Louis region .
Sunday at Palatine Park , the first ever Kids Arts Day was held .
The event exposed the young participants to a variety of art forms .
Several vendors were set up offering art projects such as pottery , painting and face painting .
Main Street Yoga offered a special kids yoga class .
The afternoon was filled with entertainment from the Motown Strutters , Steel Drums by the Dunns and the Road Dogs .
`` The arts are so important to the children and just to kind of expose our community to how many arts related activities and businesses we have here in Fairmont . And just a chance for them to be able to try it for free is just a great opportunity for them , '' said Leigh Anne Bolyard , organizer .
This event was sponsored by Fairmont State University Academy for the Arts .
Revell 1/32 Me 262B-1/U-1 Nightfighter Kit First Look
By Michael Benolkin
Date of Review April 2017 Manufacturer Revell Subject Me 262B-1/U-1 Nightfighter Scale 1/32 Kit Number 4995 Primary Media Styrene Pros Nice detailing , straightforward build Cons See text Skill Level Experienced MSRP ( USD ) $ 39.95
First Look
The 262 is credited as being the first operational jet-powered combat aircraft , entering service in mid-1944 . As with any revolutionary weapons system , the 262 had numerous advantages as well as a few serious disadvantages that the allies soon identified and exploited . As the Luftwaffe gained experience with the aircraft , its tactical development was temporarily hindered by Hitler 's diversion of the aircraft to become a 'schnellbomber ' . While the 262A single-seat fighters took part in the Luftwaffe 's daytime air defenses , the defense of the night skies was lacking operational capabilities .
While it is widely known of the RAF 's nighttime bombing of Germany , more information is coming to light about the covert air operations conducted by the allies deep inside Germany . According to one pilot who flew the Mosquito for the USAAF in these operations , few aircraft posed a threat to the later Mosquitos with the two-stage Merlins . Whenever the Luftwaffe attempted an intercept , these Mossies could push up the power and walk away from nearly anyone ( including P-51 Mustangs ) . It was only the Ta 152 which had the power and higher altitude performance that could close and engage the Mosquito and in one case , shot out an engine before he could duck into cloud cover .
It was against these high-performance threats that the Luftwaffe pressed into nightfighter service their latest high-performance fighters , including the 262 . The two-seat Me 262B trainer was converted into a nightfighter by adding the FuG 218 Neptun radar system operated by the rear seater . A number of examples had been converted before the end of the war , but not in sufficient numbers to affect the outcome .
Last year , Revell of Germany ( Revell AG ) produced this new-tool Me 262B-1a/U1 nightfighter kit which is noteworthy since Revell AG had previously released the Me-262B-1a/U1 back in 1974 . Why is this noteworthy ? How many model companies retool a given subject that was previously released in that scale ? In 1/32 scale , your only real choices for this subject are the old ( 1974 ) Revell AG kit , the Hasegawa 'Hi-Tech ' two-seat conversion of their venerable single-seat kit , the more recent Trumpeter kit , and now Revell AG 's retooled kit . The Trumpeter kits have been hailed as the best for the 262 in this scale but now there is a real choice .
The kit is molded in light gray styrene and presented on 11 parts trees ( duplicate trees not shown ) , plus two trees of clear parts . The surface detailing is finely scribed and consistent on all surfaces . The layout of the kit is straightforward and wo n't be a big challenge for modelers with less experience , but offers some great potential for the AMS modeler as well .
Among the features of this kit :
Detailed front and rear cockpits
Decals provided for crew restraints
Instruments are provided as decals and nicely printed
Positionable canopies
Windscreen designed for easy installation/sanding/blending
Detailed gun bay
Positionable gun bay doors
Airframe details provided inside the main wheel wells
Nice Jumo engine details
Positionable engine cowling covers
Positionable leading edge slats
Positionable trailing edge flaps
Positionable ailerons
Positionable rudder
Positionable elevators
Positionable landing gear
For external stores :
2 x external tanks
Markings are provided for two examples :
Me 262B-1a/U1 , Red 12 , 10./NJG 11 , Schleswig , May 1945
Me 262B-1a/U1 , Red 8 , 10./NJG 11 , Schleswig , May 1945
The external tanks installed on this nightfighter were supposed to compensate for the fuel capacity lost when the rear cockpit is installed in place of the fuel cell that normally occupied that space . Had the war continued , Messerschmitt was already developing a radar interceptor version of the 262 which would have featured a stretched fuselage for greater fuel and options for rocket-assisted take-off given that the thrust ratings of the available jet engines were still not growing fast enough .
So is this kit better than the Trumpeter nightfighter ? The Revell kit features some sharper surface details , but once the model is assembled and painted , will that make a big difference ? If you have the Trumpeter kit ( and I do ) , you 'll be happy with the results . If you do n't have the Trumpeter kit or you wish to build a second example , then the Revell kit is well-worth consideration as it has great details like the Trumpeter kit but it is less expensive . The only two complaints I have with the Revell kit are 1 ) the wheels are round ( not a bad thing if you 're modeling the aircraft gear-down in flight , but not so good if it is parked on a shelf ) , and 2 ) the Revell AG box is their usual flimsy end-opening packaging that does n't do well with sitting in a stack on your shelf .
References :
YAOUNDE , Cameroon ( AP ) — Cameroon 's minister of communications says 47 suspected separatists and leaders of a group that declared the independence of English-speaking regions have been extradited from Nigeria .
Issa Tchiroma Bakary said those extradited arrived in Cameroon on Monday . He said among them were Julius Ayuk Tabe , who in October proclaimed himself the president of Ambazonia . Tabe and nine others were arrested in Abuja , Nigeria , in January .
Bakary said the others arrested in Nigeria and extradited were being trained to return to Cameroon and fight .
Cameroon has areas that were colonies of France and Britain until the early 1960s . The West African country 's English-speaking population started protests in 2016 charging discrimination by the majority French-speaking population , and calling for greater autonomy of its northwest and southwest regions . Separatists later called for independence .
NEW YORK -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- Apr 23 , 2018 -- Peloton , the technology company that revolutionized the fitness industry with its category-creating indoor cycling bike and its recently announced Peloton Tread , today announced that Pamela Thomas-Graham has been elected to the company 's Board of Directors , effective immediately . Thomas-Graham is a seasoned entrepreneur , executive and long-time public company board member with nearly three decades of experience in the financial services , media and fashion industries .
This press release features multimedia . View the full release here : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006292/en/
Pamela Thomas-Graham ( Photo : Business Wire )
“ Peloton is reinventing the fitness experience in an incredibly innovative way , and I 'm honored and thrilled to be joining its Board , ” said Thomas-Graham . “ As both an executive and a fitness enthusiast , I look forward to working with John Foley , his team and my fellow Board members to help drive the future of this disruptive business . ”
Currently , Thomas-Graham is the Founder and CEO of Dandelion Chandelier LLC , a private digital media enterprise reporting on luxury goods and services . Prior to that , she spent over six years with Credit Suisse , where she was the first female member of the bank 's Executive Board ; Chief Marketing and Talent Officer ; and Head of Private Banking and Wealth Management New Markets .
Before assuming leadership roles in financial services , Thomas-Graham served as a Group President at Liz Claiborne ( subsequently Kate Spade & Company , now part of Tapestry ) , where she was responsible for the P & L of 18 global apparel brands .
Previously , Thomas-Graham spent six years at NBCUniversal , where she served as President and Chief Executive Officer of CNBC.com and , later , as global Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer of CNBC Television . She began her career at global consulting firm McKinsey & Company in 1989 , and became the firm 's first African-American female partner in 1995 . She was named one of the “ Top 10 Consultants in America ” by Consulting Magazine in 1999 . As a consultant she worked on strategy and operational issues with clients in consumer packaged goods , media and retail .
“ Pamela 's insight and perspective will be a welcome addition to our already impressive Board , ” said Peloton CEO and Co-founder John Foley . “ Her extensive experience across a variety of consumer businesses -- from finance to beauty to media -- will help us immensely as we continue to innovate and grow . ”
Thomas-Graham holds Bachelor of Arts in Economics ; Master of Business Administration ; and Doctor of Law degrees from Harvard University . Since 2005 , she has served on the board of The Clorox Company ( NYSE : CLX ) , and currently serves as its Lead Independent Director . In December 2017 , she joined the board of N.T . Butterfield & Sons Bank ( NASDAQ : NTB ) , a full service bank and wealth manager headquartered in Hamilton , Bermuda .
About Peloton
Founded in 2012 , Peloton is revolutionizing the fitness industry by merging high design with modern technology to provide access to live and on-demand fitness group classes led by elite NYC instructors . With instant access to classes , performance tracking metrics and a motivating real-time leaderboard , Peloton is changing the way people get fit through a comprehensive and socially connected experience that makes every workout both efficient and addictive . Peloton is sold online and in a growing number of showrooms across the US . For more information , visit www.onepeloton.com .
View source version on businesswire.com : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006292/en/
CONTACT : Media :
Peloton :
Michael Braun , ( 212 ) 334-0333
peloton @ id-pr.com
or
Jessica Kleiman , ( 646 ) 829-1633
press @ onepeloton.com
KEYWORD : UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA NEW YORK
INDUSTRY KEYWORD : OTHER SPORTS LUXURY HEALTH FITNESS & NUTRITION HOME GOODS GENERAL SPORTS RETAIL SPECIALTY OTHER RETAIL SPORTS GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE : Peloton
Copyright Business Wire 2018 .
PUB : 04/23/2018 02:45 PM/DISC : 04/23/2018 02:45 PM
http : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006292/en
To be able to control current Fire TV devices with Amazon 's voice assistant , you need to use its accompanying voice remote or a separate Echo speaker . You apparently do n't need either with the cube-like device , and since it has a built-in speaker , you 'd even hear Alexa 's responses even if the TV is n't switched on . The device will reportedly be able to handle 4K HDR video , as well .
Of course , we ca n't say with 100 percent certainty whether that 's truly what the `` Fire TV Cube '' is . As AFTVNews noted , it 's also unclear whether `` Fire TV Cube '' is an official name or something Amazon decided to use for now , since that 's what fans call the device in the leaked image . Your best bet is to sign up to receive more info and hope that the e-commerce giant sends out one with all the juicy details in the near future .
O'Neill : Meath have real quality 14 June 2017
Meath manager Andy McEntee and Kildare manager Cian O'Neill shake hands after the opening round of the NFL Division 2 at Pairc Tailteann Meath manager Andy McEntee and Kildare manager Cian O'Neill shake hands after the opening round of the NFL Division 2 at Pairc Tailteann
Kildare manager Cian O'Neill believes that Meath are very dangerous going forward .
The sides meet in the Leinster SFC semi-final at O'Connor Park on Saturday evening in an eagerly awaited contest between two sides who on their day can be a match for anybody .
However , the unpredictability of both sides makes this an intriguing contest indeed , but O'Neill stressed to the Leinster Leader that the Royals possess a potent attack .
“ Meath have real quality in both their forward line ; their midfield ; they have quality attacking half backs ; we are going to have to be very alert and not just from 10 to 15 , but from five to 15 , and even corner back Mickey Burke is more than capable of getting forward ; all part of our task but we are going to have to defend strong and hard , ” said O'Neill .
“ It is not just our defenders and midfielders who will be defending , when we do n't have the ball each and everyone of our players must defend ; and then when we have the ball we are into our own game . ”
I 'm led to a room where a small SUV is covered by a sheet . There 's none of the pomp and circumstance that comes with an auto show reveal ( that 'll happen in Beijing a few weeks later ) . Instead , the cloth is removed to show off the pure electric Concept iX3 , The vehicle will go into production in 2020 . Other than a few design tweaks and an off-white matte paint job the crossover looks like an X3 . That 's the point .
The i brand was launched with two very different and very polarizing vehicles . The urban i3 and the hybrid supercar , the i8 . If the character Tron were to escape the grid and need two cars to get around , these would be his first choice . Which is great for fans of science fiction , but can be off-putting to some potential customers . `` It 's difficult with such niche products to reach the main customers in the wide range . '' Domagoj Dukec head of the design team for BMW i and M vehicles said during the unveiling .
That 's not to say that when the iX3 goes into production it will blend in completely with the rest of the SUVs on the road . The body has been smoothed out to reduce wind resistance and the iconic BMW kidney grill found at the front of all the automaker 's cars no longer has slates to feed air to the radiator . The car does n't need that air and it lowers the vehicle 's aerodynamics .
One thing that will differentiate it , is the color blue . All the i cars will have blue badges and accents to show the world that you 're piloting a greener vehicle . Even the space where you would typically see the exhaust has been replaced with blue rectangles . The familiar design language of a BMW is there even if the legacy internal combustion engine elements are gone .
`` We do n't invent a completely new car with the design . We give it this cleanness . This boldness and a more modern design , '' Dukec said . The result is an SUV ( or as BMW calls it , an SAV - Sports Activity Vehicle ) that appeals to anyone that 's already a fan of the petrol version of the crossover . If you like the X3 , you 'll like the iX3 . But it takes more than looks to sway folks from the tried and true world of gas-powered engines .
Under the hood , it delivers the goods with a 249-mile range ( which may vary depending on regional regulatory standards and testing ) and 270 horsepower ( the regular X3 has 248 ) . According to BMW , the 70kWh battery charges up to 80 percent ( via a 150 kW DC fast charger ) in about 30 minutes .
But the news is n't about the range or horsepower , it 's how BMW is building the electric motor found in the iX3 . In fact , the current generation of the `` eDrive '' system is a combination of the electric motor , transmission and electronics . It 's all bundled into one unit that just so happens to be modular . So , the automaker does n't have to design an entirely new drivetrain to add more power to a vehicle . It can just swap out the electric motor and/or transmission .
In the future that modularity will expand beyond eDrive to how the car 's themselves are built . The automaker will have a single platform for each car that accepts gas , hybrid and pure EV drivetrains . The result should give the automaker the agility to adjust production of vehicles , regardless of how they are powered , based on demand .
In other words , there will be more i vehicles , like the Concept iX3 that only look slightly different from their gas counterparts . Frankly , it 's those cars that 'll grow the EV market . For fans of the i3 and i8 ( like myself ) , BMW will continue to introduce -- and put into production -- cars that look like they 're from the future . They probably wo n't sell as well and -- like the i8 -- will end up on more posters on people 's walls than in people 's garages .
As the presentation ended another journalist asked why the windows of the Concept iX3 were blacked out . Should we expect a surprise at the Beijing Auto Show ? When the car goes into production would it have a next-generation infotainment system or stylish new interior ? BMW informed us that owners of the iX3 will have the same in-car experience as the owners of the X3 .
Dukec notes that there will always be drivers that want to express their allegiance to EVs in an extreme way . For them , there 's the niche dedicated i vehicles . But to continue down the electrified road , the automaker needs to actually sell cars to everyone .
I had hoped to see something outlandish in the design studio of FIZ . Something that glowed blue that would make people stop in their tracks and stare as it rolled down the road . Instead , I saw the future of BMW 's electrification . While it wo n't turn as many heads as it rolls down the street , as long as it sells to the masses , BMW is totally fine with that .
Ó Sé hoping for big things to come from O'Donoghue 14 June 2017
Kerry 's James O'Donoghue with supporters .
©INPHO/Donall Farmer . Kerry 's James O'Donoghue with supporters.©INPHO/Donall Farmer .
An injury free James O'Donoghue could be a 'huge ' boost for Kerry this summer , according to Marc Ó Sé .
The 2014 Footballer of the Year marked his return to the Kingdom jersey with nine points in last Sunday 's win over Clare and his former team-mate expects him to get better with every game he plays .
“ He 'll be a tough challenge for any corner-back to take on this year , ” Ó Sé told The Irish Independent at the launch of the Bord Gáis Energy Legends Tours at Croke Park yesterday .
“ If he can keep clear of injuries then that game will bring his confidence on no end . The big thing is injuries , that 's the only thing that has been keeping James back .
“ For a forward to do what he did the last day , that will give him great confidence . You 're now not just relying on Paul Geaney , you have another fella , can you imagine if you could have the two of them going well on a given day ?
“ That would be a tough challenge for any full-back line , or any blanket defence , to deal with . He had a non-existent league campaign so the important thing is just to get another game , and another game , and if he can do that it 'll be huge for Kerry . ”
Umaru Musa Yar'adua University 2016/2017 UTME/DE Supplementary Admission List Released .
The Umaru Musa Yar'dua ( UMYU ) University through her management has released the supplementary list of UTME/DE candidates admitted for the 2016/2017 academic session . The list is now available on the school 's website . To view the list , candidates are to click on any of the links below as applicable . UTME SUPPLEMENTARY LIST DE SUPPLEMENTARY LIST UTME …
The post Umaru Musa Yar'adua University 2016/2017 UTME/DE Supplementary Admission List Released . appeared first on Students Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Good Morning Britain host ( and Donald Trump fan ) Piers Morgan has spent the last few days sparring on Twitter with Harry Potter author JK Rowling . But now we can safely declare Rowling the winner – after she tricked him into mocking a glowing profile of herself that he had written .
Rowling knew exactly what she was doing when she tweeted ...
Just been sent this ! Could the writer let me know who he is ? I 'd love to thank him ! # Valentines pic.twitter.com/OQtbxPD6AL — J.K. Rowling ( @ jk_rowling ) February 14 , 2017
The mysterious wordsmith praises the novelist for `` encouraging children to read , feel inspired and be creative '' , adding : `` Ms Rowling definitely matters '' .
Where is this extract from ? Er , only a Daily Mail article titled `` The 100 British celebrities who really matter by Piers Morgan . ''
But Morgan seemed oblivious – and rose to the bait .
Priceless # humblebrag BS . Nobody plays the celebrity game more abusively or ruthlessly than you , Ms 'Intensely Private Billionaire ' . https : //t.co/5ysnfefa3d — Piers Morgan ( @ piersmorgan ) February 14 , 2017
When people realised what was going on , the reactions were pure glee .
Oh my god . Oh my god . Oh my god . He does n't realise . This is the best day of my life . pic.twitter.com/fl0lFPHXf5 — Jamie Ross ( @ JamieRoss7 ) February 14 , 2017
@ JamieRoss7 Your Tweet has given everyone I know such joy . THANK YOU — Caitlin Moran ( @ caitlinmoran ) February 14 , 2017
As he tried to wipe the egg from his face , Morgan insisted he had been in on the joke .
Relax , quarter-wit , I knew what it was . Just surprised I put her as high as 97th . https : //t.co/HCzx4Ius4E — Piers Morgan ( @ piersmorgan ) February 14 , 2017
But to make matters worse in the Morgan household ( or possibly better – the chat show host and Twitter provocateur clearly loves an argument ) , his own son is a fan of the Harry Potter series .
While Piers Morgan derided Rowling with `` National treasure ? She wrote a few wizard books , '' Spencer Morgan showed off his Potter tattoo and scarf .
Is he the Scorpius Malfoy of the Morgan family ?
HALIFAX — For the first time , electricity has been sent between Newfoundland and Nova Scotia through the new Maritime Link .
The 500-megawatt transmission line — which connects Newfoundland to the North American energy grid for the first time — was tested Friday .
“ This changes not only the energy options for Newfoundland and Labrador but also for Nova Scotia and Atlantic Canada , ” said Rick Janega , the CEO of Emera Newfoundland and Labrador , which owns the link .
“ It 's an historic event in our eyes , one that transforms the electricity system in our region forever . ”
It will eventually carry power from the Muskrat Falls hydro project in Labrador , where construction is running two years behind schedule and $ 4 billion over budget , to Nova Scotia consumers . It was supposed to start producing power later this year , but the new deadline is 2020 at the earliest .
The project includes two 170-kilometre subsea cables across the Cabot Strait between Cap Ray in southwestern Newfoundland and Point Aconi in Cape Breton .
The two cables , each the width of a two-litre pop bottle , can carry 250 megawatts of high voltage direct current , and rest on the ocean floor at depths up to 470 metres .
The Maritime Link also includes almost 50 kilometres of overland transmission in Nova Scotia and more than 300 kilometres of overland transmission in Newfoundland .
The link wo n't go into commercial operation until January 1 .
Janega said the $ 1.6 billion project is on-time and on-budget : “ We 're very pleased to be in a position to be able to say that after seven years of working on this . It 's quite an accomplishment . ”
Once in service , the link will improve electrical interconnections between the Atlantic provinces .
“ For Nova Scotia it will allow it to achieve its 40 per cent renewable energy target in 2020 . For Newfoundland it will allow them to shut off the Holyrood generating station , in fact using the Maritime Link in advance of the balance of the project coming into service , ” Janega said .
Karen Hutt , president and CEO of Nova Scotia Power , which is owned by Emera Inc. , calls it a great day for Nova Scotia .
“ When it goes into operation in January , the Maritime Link will benefit Nova Scotia Power customers by creating a more stable and secure system , helping reduce carbon emissions , and enabling NSP to purchase power from new sources ” Hutt said in a statement .
— By Kevin Bissett in Fredericton .
MONTREAL — As much as Mikael Kingsbury has dominated World Cup moguls circuit , it is his one setback in the past year that feeds his drive to succeed .
And that may help him win the only prize missing from his trophy case — an Olympic gold medal .
Kingsbury was all-but unbeatable in World Cup freestyle skiing action last season , winning nine of 11 competitions , including seven in a row .
But his goal was to end the season with an unprecedented sweep of the moguls and dual moguls at the world championships in Sierra Nevada , Spain in March .
It did n't go well — third place in the moguls followed a day later by 13th in dual moguls . Instead of Kingsbury , it was relatively unknown Ikuma Horishima of Japan who took both titles .
`` I believe that everything happens for a reason , '' Kingsbury said in a recent interview . `` I think it 's good that it happened to me at that time . It keeps me on edge .
`` When things did n't go the way I wanted at the world championships , it made me want to train even harder in the summer to prove to the others that it is in 2018 that it will happen . ''
And it gave Kingsbury added experience going into Pyeongchang to go with his performance at the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi , Russia , where he won a silver medal behind teammate Alex Bilodeau . He wo n't be overwhelmed by being at the Olympics this time .
`` This time I have Olympic experience , '' said the Deux-Montagnes , Que. , skier , who was a forerunner at the 2010 Games in Vancouver . `` At my first Games in Sochi , I was like a little kid at Disneyland .
`` It was a dream come true . I still won a medal , but just being there was incredible . I 'll remember it all my life . In Pyeongchang , I 'm going into something I know . I learned a lot from the last Games that I want to put to my advantage . ''
BUCHAREST , Romania — Romania 's top court on Wednesday told the country 's president to fire the chief anti-corruption prosecutor , widely praised for her efforts to root out high-level graft , but a thorn in the side of some politicians .
The constitutional court ruled in a 6-3 vote that there had been an institutional conflict after President Klaus Iohannis disagreed with the justice minister 's assessment that National Anti-Corruption Directorate Chief Prosecutor Laura Codruta Kovesi should be dismissed on grounds of failing to do her job properly .
In his February report calling for her dismissal , the minister , Tudorel Toader , said she was authoritarian , claimed that prosecutors falsified evidence and asserted that the number of acquittals was too high . He also said she had harmed Romania 's image in interviews with foreign journalists . Kovesi later refuted his accusations .
Under her leadership , the agency has successfully prosecuted lawmakers , ministers and other top officials for bribery , fraud , abuse of power and other corruption-related offences .
Kovesi 's departure would be a blow to the agency , respected by ordinary Romanians , the European Union and the U.S . The court will explain its ruling later .
The opposition party Union to Save Romania said the ruling was a politically biased decision in favour of the ruling Social Democratic Party , which has been critical of the anti-graft agency . The opposition group accused the court of stripping the president of his powers and turning him into a mere clerk .
Toader , however , praised the ruling saying Iohannis did not have “ the legal ability to evaluate the professional and management competences of high-ranking prosecutors . ”
How does Riley McCoy , the girl who ca n't go out in the sun , have a high school life ?
The former world number one – and two-time Wimbledon champion – pulled out of his first round match against Benoit Paire at this year 's tournament
If you were hoping to see Andy Murray at Wimbledon , it 's bad news . The former British number one – and two-time champion – has pulled out of this year 's tournament , the day before it was set to begin .
Advertisement
It 's been a tough year for Murray . The 31-year-old has been out of action for nearly a year , eventually undergoing hip surgery in January . He marked his return to the tour at Queen 's Club in June , bowing out to Nick Kyrgios but showcasing some promising form . And – after playing at Eastbourne – was hoping to make an impact at SW19 with a first-round match against Benoit Paire .
But ultimately , the former world number one has decided “ with a heavy heart ” that his comeback will focus instead on the hardcourt season and the US Open at the end of August .
“ I 've made significant progress in practice and matches over the last ten days , ” he wrote in a statement , “ but after lengthy discussions with my team , we 've decided that playing best of five set matches might be a bit too soon in the recovery process . We did everything we could to try to be ready in time . ”
He added : “ Thanks for all the messages of support and I 'm excited to finally be back playing after so long out . ”
Murray was not seeded for this year 's Wimbledon Championships , after his injury lay-off saw his ranking fall to 156th , so his path to the latter stages of the competition was littered with tennis heavyweights ( including Juan-Martin Del Potro in the third round ) increasing the possibility of gruelling matches .
Advertisement
Instead , British hopes will rest on Kyle Edmund , who is seeded 21st and has enjoyed a remarkable year , seeing off heavyweights including Grigor Dimitrov and Novak Djokovic . The young Brit will be hoping to go deep into the tournament for the first time , besting his second round effort last year . He will be joined by Johanna Konta in the women 's draw , who will be bidding to match her semi-final appearance last year .
Tow truck driver , 2 others steal Mercedes-Benz G-Wagon
A tow vehicle driver , Abiodun Olaniyi , and two others were on Tuesday charged before an Ikeja Chief Magistrate 's Court for allegedly stealing an accident vehicle — a jeep — valued at N3.5 million . The accused — Olaniyi , 40 , and his accomplices , Ahmed Jimoh , 26 , And Yusuf Nazif , 28 — who all reside at Magodo area [ … ]
The post Tow truck driver , 2 others steal Mercedes-Benz G-Wagon appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
As the country grapples with a national reckoning over sexual misconduct allegations against powerful men from Hollywood to Capitol Hill , three women who accused the most high-profile man in the country again questioned Monday why their claims did nothing to stop him from winning the presidency .
It was “ heartbreaking ” for women to go public with their claims against President Donald Trump last year , only to see him ascend to the Oval Office , said Samantha Holvey , a former Miss USA contestant who in October 2016 said Trump inappropriately inspected pageant participants .
“ I put myself out there for the entire , world and nobody cared , ” Holvey said on NBC 's Megyn Kelly Today show , appearing for an hour alongside Jessica Leeds , a New York woman who said Trump groped her on a plane , and Rachel Crooks , who said Trump kissed her on the lips after she introduced herself to him at Trump Tower .
Trump has denied all of the allegations against him , which were made public after The Washington Post published an Access Hollywood recording of Trump boasting about grabbing women by the genitals in October 2016 . The White House 's position is that Trump 's accusers are lying and that the issue was settled when he was elected president after the stories emerged .
“ These false claims , totally disputed in most cases by eyewitness accounts , were addressed at length during last year 's campaign , and the American people voiced their judgment by delivering a decisive victory , ” the White House said in a statement Monday . “ The timing and absurdity of these false claims speaks volumes , and the publicity tour that has begun only further confirms the political motives behind them . ”
Speaking to Megyn Kelly on Monday in their first joint interview , the women recounted their allegations against Trump , describing how they felt threatened and disgusted by their encounters with him .
“ I was shocked , ” Crooks told Kelly after describing Trump kissing her at Trump Tower . “ Devastated . It happened so fast … I wish I would 've been courageous enough to say , ‘ What 's going on and you need to stop this . ' ”
Crooks said she felt at the time that she had no way to respond to the situation out of fear that if she reported it to her bosses – who did business with Trump 's organization – she might lose her job . “ I wish I had been stronger , ” she said . Crooks said she came forward after reading an account from another woman accusing Trump of misconduct , saying that this made her feel a sense of relief knowing that “ it was n't just me . ”
The three women spoke on Today before holding a news conference in Manhattan amid a wave of allegations of sexual assault and harassment by men that have swept across the country in recent weeks that has stretched into fields including politics , entertainment , the media , the courts and the finance industry .
Numerous high-profile men have been fired or suspended from their jobs , including Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein and broadcaster Charlie Rose , while others have announced plans to step down , including Sen. Al Franken , D-Minn. , and Rep. John Conyers , D-Mich. , both of whom said last week that they would leave Congress over the mounting allegations .
Holvey suggested it made sense for Trump 's accusers to speak to the public again given the way the country 's atmosphere – and response to alleged sexual misconduct – has shifted over the last year .
“ Let 's try round two , ” she said . “ The environment 's different , let 's try again . ”
A day before the women spoke , Nikki Haley , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said that women who have accused Trump “ should be heard. ” Haley 's comments were a sharp break from the White House 's position , and they were particularly notable coming from one of the most high-profile women serving in Trump 's administration .
Nikki Haley says that women who accuse anyone of sexual misconduct deserve to be heard , including those accusing Trump . pic.twitter.com/qMs9fbg65V — Kyle Griffin ( @ kylegriffin1 ) December 10 , 2017
“ They should be heard , and they should be dealt with , ” Haley said when asked on CBS 's “ Face the Nation ” about the allegations other women have made against Trump . “ And I think we heard from them before the election . And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way , they have every right to speak up . ”
The # MeToo movement has drawn renewed attention to the accusations against Trump , which emerged in the final weeks of the presidential campaign last year . When asked in October whether the White House 's position was that all of the women are lying , Sarah Huckabee Sanders , Trump 's press secretary , told reporters : “ Yeah , we 've been clear on that from the beginning , and the president has spoken on it . ”
For women who accused Trump of sexual misconduct last year , watching other men felled by allegations has left them wondering why their claims did not have the same impact during the presidential campaign .
Trump has denied the allegations against him , vowing to sue his accusers and produce “ substantial evidence ” he said would disprove their claims . So far , he has not followed through on either promise .
One lawsuit has emerged from the allegations made against Trump : One of his accusers , Summer Zervos , sued him in New York for defamation over Trump 's repeated comments that all of the women were liars .
Zervos , a former contestant on The Apprentice , said Trump kissed and groped her during a 2007 encounter at the Beverly Hills Hotel . In response , Trump said : “ False stories . All made up . Lies . Lies . No witnesses . No nothing . All big lies . ”
Trump 's attorneys have decried Zervos 's lawsuit , calling it “ politically motivated ” and based on allegations of something “ that never occurred. ” They have sought to have the suit dismissed , arguing that he was expressing a political opinion and saying a sitting U.S. president can not be sued in state court .
Report Claims Aisha Buhari , Uzor Kalu Did Not See The President During London Visit
360Nobs.com
Some top sources in the presidency have squealed that President Muhammadu Buhari was not allowed to see his wife , Aisha Buhari , during her recent visit to the United Kingdom , an online outlet said . Nigeria 's Acting President Osinbajo Finally Signs 2017 …
and more »
TORONTO — Canada Soccer has a message for fans bemoaning the small number of games that would be played north of the border as part of the 2026 World Cup .
Canada 's 10 games are “ icing on the cake , ” said Peter Montopoli , Canada 's bid director for the 2026 World Cup bid . And if not for a joint bid , Canada would stand little chance of hosting at all .
Branded “ United 2026 , ” Canada , the United States and Mexico are competing against Morocco to host the World Cup that year , and on Saturday , representatives from the three countries updated the media on their progress .
Canada and Mexico will get 10 games apiece , while the United States will host the other 60 , a decision based largely on infrastructure , said Sunil Gulati , the chair of the United 2026 board .
“ The joint bid is much more compelling than if any one country tried to do it on their own , ” said Canada Soccer president Steven Reed . “ The fact that we 're getting 10 matches out of the 80 I think is really exciting for Canadians across the country . The reality is we would have been hard-pressed to go it alone with a 48-country competition , so I think we should be really pleased . ”
Canada 's participation is as much about the buildup to the World Cup , said Montopoli , drawing comparisons to the development of the women 's in this country since Canada was awarded the 2015 FIFA Women 's World Cup .
“ It 's about the eight-year runway that we could use to develop the game , develop the men 's game , align the men 's game , training fields , hosting international matches , there 's a whole assortment of things we can do , ” Montopoli said . “ We know how to do that , we 've done that for the women 's game , that was the runway we had up until 2015 . We aligned a complete program , we have our players playing in top leagues around the world , producing some of the best players . We think we can do that on the men 's side , but we need an eight-year runway .
“ It 's building that cake for us to get to 2026 . ”
Including the 2015 women 's event , the three countries have hosted 13 FIFA events between them . Mexico has hosted two World Cups , and the 1994 World Cup in the United States remains the most attended tournament in FIFA 's history .
Canada also hosted the U20 women 's World Cup in 2002 , and the men 's U20 World Cup in 2007 , both of which set attendance records at the time .
“ We believe that between the size of the stadiums which obviously impacts attendance , the level of hospitality available , which affects revenue , and the commercial opportunities that are available to FIFA , this will be by far the most successful financial World Cup , ” said Sunil Gulati , president of the U.S. Soccer Federation . “ It 's probably a pretty good time for that to happen for FIFA . ”
Gulati added that , considering the current political climate in North America , the joint bid comes at an important time .
“ An important part of what we 're doing has got very little to do with the sport frankly . It 's a lot to do with the countries , ” Gulati said . “ Given what 's going on in the world and has been going on in the world . . . we 've always had a very special relationship with these two federations ( Canada and Mexico ) in so many different ways .
“ There are some ongoing discussions that everyone is familiar with about that , ” he added , in reference to NAFTA . “ So the message that hopefully this sends about relationships and international relationships is extraordinarily important . ”
The United 2026 presentation came the morning of Toronto hosting the MLS Cup Final between TFC and the Seattle Sounders , and included a glitzy video that spoke of the “ biggest pilgrimage of sports fans on earth . ”
There were some humorous moments . Gulati talked about the good-natured negotiations between the three countries and recounted an informal conversation with someone from Televisa , which owns Mexico 's Estadio Azteca . The Televisa individual wanted a guarantee Azteca would host the opening game , to which Gulati responded that he could n't guarantee that .
“ I said ‘ I 'll tell you what , why do n't we ( the U.S. ) pull out , you and Canada do it . But you ca n't use American airspace during the event , ” ‘ Gulati said , to much laughter .
Toronto , Montreal , Edmonton and Vancouver are Canada 's candidate host cities . The bid will be submitted to FIFA on March 16 , 2018 , and bid winner will be announced at the FIFA Congress in Moscow on June 13 , 2018 .
Green Party Candidate Constance Gadell Newton has joined Republican Lt. Gov . Mary Taylor and former Democratic State Representative Connie Pillich as the only women in the Ohio governor 's race .
“ We are running to protect the environment in Ohio , to bring universal health care to Ohioans and to represent the people , '' Newton said .
The attorney from Columbus said she wo n't be beholden to corporations .
Her running mate is Brett Joseph of Northeast Ohio . He said he 's a social activist and wants to empower people in local communities who currently do n't have a voice in politics .
Qualcomm 's new Snapdragon XR1 chip , announced via a Tuesday press release , aims to break down the barrier for high-quality virtual reality ( VR ) and augmented reality ( AR ) and bring the technologies to lower-end devices .
If successful , the XR1 chip could improve technologies found in modern smart glasses , and make VR and AR more affordable to get into for smaller companies . The chip could also help bring more artificial intelligence ( AI ) functionality into AR as well , the release noted .
In its release , Qualcomm called the XR1 an Extended Reality ( XR ) platform , noting that it will help bring higher quality experiences to mass-produced devices . And the addition of the AI capabilities will provide `` better interactivity , power consumption and thermal efficiency , '' the release said .
SEE : Virtual and augmented reality policy ( Tech Pro Research )
The XR1 features an ARM-based multi-core CPU , a vector processor , a GPU , and a dedicated AI engine for on-board processing . A software layer with dedicated machine learning , connectivity , and security is also part of the platform , the release said .
The chip can handle up to 4K definition at 60 frames per second , according to the release . It also supports OpenGL , OpenCL , and Vulkan , and its AI capabilities contribute to computer vision features .
Other hallmarks of the XR1 are high-fidelity audio and six-degrees of freedom ( 6DoF ) head tracking and controller capabilities , making it easier to get around in the virtual world .
`` As technology evolves and consumer demand grows , we envision XR devices playing a wider variety of roles in consumers ' and workers ' daily lives , '' Alex Katouzian , senior vice president and general manager of Qualcomm 's Mobile Business Unit , said in the release .
OEMs like Meta , VIVE , Vuzix , and Picoare are already building on the XR1 platform , the release said .
The big takeaways for tech leaders :
Qualcomm has unveiled the Snapdragon XR1 chip , which could bring high-quality AR and VR experiences to more users , at a lower cost .
The Qualcomm Snapdragon XR1 features an on-board AI engine to boost computer vision capabilities in AR applications .
Stay informed , click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Next Big Thing newsletter . Subscribe
Also see
Zambia suspends 48 opposition MPs for snubbing president 's speech
Zambia 's parliament has suspended 48 opposition lawmakers for boycotting a speech by the president , widening a political rift that has alarmed rights groups . Parliament 's speaker barred the United Party for National Development ( UPND ) politicians from taking their seats for 30 days , a move that banned them from the building and stopped their pay . Their party , …
The post Zambia suspends 48 opposition MPs for snubbing president 's speech appeared first on The Herald Nigeria .
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BUFFALO , N.Y. — The NHL suspended Buffalo Sabres forward Johan Larsson two games for cross-checking Florida Panthers forward Vincent Trocheck in the face .
The league 's department of player safety issued the ruling after conducting a hearing with Larsson on Friday , a day after Buffalo 's 4-2 loss to the Panthers . Larsson was already facing a one-game suspension after being issued a 10-minute match penalty and 5-minute cross-checking major for his hit to Trocheck with 35 seconds left in the game .
The hit occurred after Trocheck and Sabres defenceman Jake McCabe got their sticks up during a skirmish at the Panthers blue line . Larsson skated toward Trocheck and cross-checked him .
In its ruling , the NHL noted Larsson 's stick initially hit Trocheck high on the left shoulder before riding up to connect with the player 's cheek . The league , however , noted players are responsible for their sticks .
“ When a player attempts to intentionally use his stick to deliver a blow to an opponent , he can not necessarily be excused of all responsibility when the blow lands in an unintended place , ” the league ruled .
Following the game , Larsson said he merely “ pushed him a little bit and the ref came and grabbed me . ”
The fifth-year player will lose close to $ 15,900 in salary and miss Buffalo 's home games against St. Louis on Saturday and Anaheim on Tuesday .
Emotions boiled over between the Sabres and Panthers shortly after Florida 's Colton Sceviour closed the scoring with 2:24 remaining . Officials issued a total of 56 minutes in penalties to six players , including Larsson , over the final 2:01 .
——
More AP hockey : https : //apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
LIVERPOOL , England — Police say a man was attacked outside a pub near Anfield before the Champions League game between Liverpool and Roma on Tuesday .
Merseyside Police said it was investigating a “ serious assault. ” The man was attended to by police and needed treatment .
The incident took place 10 minutes before kickoff .
One of the biggest modern myths about agriculture is that organic farming is inherently sustainable . It can be , but it is n't necessarily . After all , soil erosion from chemical-free tilled fields undermined the Roman Empire and other ancient societies around the world . Other agricultural myths hinder recognizing the potential to restore degraded soils to feed the world using fewer agrochemicals .
Regenerative farming practices can restore the world 's agricultural soils .
When I embarked on a six-month trip to visit farms around the world to research my forthcoming book , “ Growing a Revolution : Bringing Our Soil Back to Life , ” the innovative farmers I met showed me that regenerative farming practices can restore the world 's agricultural soils . In both the developed and developing worlds , these farmers rapidly rebuilt the fertility of their degraded soil , which then allowed them to maintain high yields using far less fertilizer and fewer pesticides .
Their experiences , and the results that I saw on their farms in North and South Dakota , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Ghana and Costa Rica , offer compelling evidence that the key to sustaining highly productive agriculture lies in rebuilding healthy , fertile soil . This journey also led me to question three pillars of conventional wisdom about today 's industrialized agrochemical agriculture : that it feeds the world , is a more efficient way to produce food and will be necessary to feed the future .
Myth 1 : Large-scale agriculture feeds the world today
According to a recent U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) report , family farms produce over three-quarters of the world 's food . The FAO also estimates that almost three-quarters of all farms worldwide are smaller than one hectare—about 2.5 acres , or the size of a typical city block .
Most of the world 's farmers work small family farms .
Only about 1 percent of Americans are farmers today . Yet most of the world 's farmers work the land to feed themselves and their families . So while conventional industrialized agriculture feeds the developed world , most of the world 's farmers work small family farms . A 2016 Environmental Working Group report found that almost 90 percent of U.S. agricultural exports went to developed countries with few hungry people .
Of course the world needs commercial agriculture , unless we all want to live on and work our own farms . But are large industrial farms really the best , let alone the only , way forward ? This question leads us to a second myth .
Myth 2 : Large farms are more efficient
Many high-volume industrial processes exhibit efficiencies at large scale that decrease inputs per unit of production . The more widgets you make , the more efficiently you can make each one . But agriculture is different . A 1989 National Research Council study concluded that “ well-managed alternative farming systems nearly always use less synthetic chemical pesticides , fertilizers , and antibiotics per unit of production than conventional farms . ”
Bigger farms do not necessarily produce more food .
And while mechanization can provide cost and labor efficiencies on large farms , bigger farms do not necessarily produce more food . According to a 1992 agricultural census report , small , diversified farms produce more than twice as much food per acre than large farms do .
Even the World Bank endorses small farms as the way to increase agricultural output in developing nations where food security remains a pressing issue . While large farms excel at producing a lot of a particular crop—like corn or wheat—small diversified farms produce more food and more kinds of food per hectare overall .
Myth 3 : Conventional farming is necessary to feed the world
We 've all heard proponents of conventional agriculture claim that organic farming is a recipe for global starvation because it produces lower yields . The most extensive yield comparison to date , a 2015 meta-analysis of 115 studies , found that organic production averaged almost 20 percent less than conventionally grown crops , a finding similar to those of prior studies .
Each year the United States alone throws out 133 billion pounds of food .
But the study went a step further , comparing crop yields on conventional farms to those on organic farms where cover crops were planted and crops were rotated to build soil health . These techniques shrank the yield gap to below 10 percent .
The authors concluded that the actual gap may be much smaller , as they found “ evidence of bias in the meta-dataset toward studies reporting higher conventional yields. ” In other words , the basis for claims that organic agriculture ca n't feed the world depend as much on specific farming methods as on the type of farm .
Consider too that about a quarter of all food produced worldwide is never eaten . Each year the United States alone throws out 133 billion pounds of food , more than enough to feed the nearly 50 million Americans who regularly face hunger . So even taken at face value , the oft-cited yield gap between conventional and organic farming is smaller than the amount of food we routinely throw away .
Building healthy soil
Conventional farming practices that degrade soil health undermine humanity 's ability to continue feeding everyone over the long run . Regenerative practices like those used on the farms and ranches I visited show that we can readily improve soil fertility on both large farms in the U.S. and on small subsistence farms in the tropics .
I no longer see debates about the future of agriculture as simply conventional versus organic . In my view , we 've oversimplified the complexity of the land and underutilized the ingenuity of farmers . I now see adopting farming practices that build soil health as the key to a stable and resilient agriculture . And the farmers I visited had cracked this code , adapting no-till methods , cover cropping and complex rotations to their particular soil , environmental and socioeconomic conditions .
We can be certain that agriculture will soon face another revolution .
Whether they were organic or still used some fertilizers and pesticides , the farms I visited that adopted this transformational suite of practices all reported harvests that consistently matched or exceeded those from neighboring conventional farms after a short transition period . Another message was as simple as it was clear : Farmers who restored their soil used fewer inputs to produce higher yields , which translated into higher profits .
No matter how one looks at it , we can be certain that agriculture will soon face another revolution . For agriculture today runs on abundant , cheap oil for fuel and to make fertilizer—and our supply of cheap oil will not last forever . There are already enough people on the planet that we have less than a year 's supply of food for the global population on hand at any one time . This simple fact has critical implications for society .
So how do we speed the adoption of a more resilient agriculture ? Creating demonstration farms would help , as would carrying out system-scale research to evaluate what works best to adapt specific practices to general principles in different settings .
We also need to reframe our agricultural policies and subsidies . It makes no sense to continue incentivizing conventional practices that degrade soil fertility . We must begin supporting and rewarding farmers who adopt regenerative practices .
Once we see through myths of modern agriculture , practices that build soil health become the lens through which to assess strategies for feeding us all over the long haul . Why am I so confident that regenerative farming practices can prove both productive and economical ? The farmers I met showed me they already are .
This article was originally published on The Conversation . Read the original article here . It has been edited for YES ! Magazine .
VICTORIA — British Columbia 's Liberal leadership race is expected to expand to eight candidates , with former transportation minister Todd Stone poised to enter the contest .
The Kamloops-South Thompson member of the legislature has scheduled three campaign-style events Tuesday stopping in Surrey , Victoria and finishing the day with an event at Thompson Rivers University in his hometown of Kamloops .
An email from former Liberal cabinet minister Peter Fassbender says B.C . needs a fresh vision to keep the province on track and Stone will make a special announcement about the Liberals party 's future .
Stone released a YouTube video in September saying he was considering whether to run , then added that if he were to be leader , the B.C . Liberal Party would not accept the taxpayer subsidies that are being proposed by the minority New Democrats .
Former Surrey mayor Dianne Watts announced her intentions for the party 's top job last month , along with 38-year-old Terrace businesswoman Lucy Sager and five current provincial Liberal politicians , Sam Sullivan , Mike Bernier , Andrew Wilkinson , Mike de Jong and Michael Lee .
The first of six candidate debates is set for Oct. 15 in Surrey , with party members electing a new leader to replace former premier Christy Clark in early February .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Forsan defeated Tahoka 10-4 thanks to a strong start . The Lady Buffs outhit the Bulldogs 13 to 3 in the game and showed great plate discipline all game . Forsan got on the board early on a double by Hannah Williams , a stolen base by Avery Tigert , a single by Taylyn Still , a double by Kayla Morin , and an error in the second inning . Forsan looked impressive in every phase last night . With those sticks at the plate and the great leadership and play provided by Still and Pearson , the Lady Buffs look poised to make some waves in the post season . They will get their chance Thursday in Pecos when they face off against Anthony for bi-district bragging rights .
For full story , see Tuesday 's edition of the Herald .
Welcome to Wyo4News Help Wanted Ads . For information on how to place your help wanted ad with Wyo4News please contact us at 307-362-3793 . Ads will be posted for a maximum of seven days .
John Bunning Transfer Co. , Inc. is looking for an experienced Diesel Mechanic . Applicant requirements include at least 2 years experience , Cummins Inline training , CDL required , and must have own tools . Job details : On-call rotation , competitive pay dependent on experience , and benefits available . Now accepting resumes . Please stop by 1600 Elk St. in Rock Springs . John Bunning Transfer Co. , Inc. is an equal opportuninty employer and a drug-free workplace . ( 10/06/17 )
# # # # #
Infinity Power and Controls ( IPC ) is looking for a positive , team and goal oriented individual to complete our dynamic team as a Salesperson . As a salesperson , you will plan and carry out all sales activities on existing and new accounts . Job qualifications include , but not limited to , High School Diploma or GED , A.S. in Electrical Instrumentation or Certificate in Electrical Instrumentation preferred , current Wyoming Low Voltage License or enrollment in Electrical Apprenticeship a plus , two years of inside/outside sales experience , demonstrated ability in Microsoft Excel , Outlook and Office Suite , and current driver 's license and clean driving record . Competitive wages and excellent benefit package . Applications and complete job descriptions available at Wyoming Department of Workforce Services , 2451 Foothill Blvd. , Suite 100 , Rock Springs , WY 82901 . Resumes must accompany applications . Applications will not be given or accepted at the Infinity Power and Controls office . Applications will be accepted until position is filled . Infinity Power and Controls is an Equal Opportunity Employer . ( 10/06/17 )
# # # # #
Infinity Power and Controls ( IPC ) is also looking to hire a Panel Builder . As a Panel Builder you will be responsible for building , programming and troubleshooting electrical panels . Job qualifications include High School Diploma or GED , A.S. in Electrical Instrumentation or Certificate in Electrical Instrumentation preferred , current Wyoming Low Voltage License a plus any experience in the automation industry is a plus but not required , good communication and organizational skills , ability to read and interpret electrical diagrams , current driver 's license and clean driving record according to our insurance standard . Applications and complete job descriptions available at Wyoming Department of Workforce Services , 2451 Foothill Blvd. , Suite 100 , Rock Springs , WY 82901 . Resumes must accompany applications . Applications will not be given or accepted at the Infinity Power and Controls office . Applications will be accepted until position is filled . Infinity Power and Controls is an Equal Opportunity Employer . ( 10/13/17 )
# # # # #
A & W Water Service , Inc. is hiring CDL Class A drivers for their Wamsutter location . Interested parties can apply online at www.AWWaterService.com or call 307-328-0669 . A & W Ater Service , Inc is an equal opportunity employer and a drug free workplace . ( 10/06/17 )
# # # # #
WyoRadio has an opening for a Media Marketing Specialist ! This job is a cutting-edge multi-media advertising position . The successful candidate will partner up with clients to be creative and aggressive in advanced media exposure . Knowledge of digital and radio media is preferred but not required .
Just imagine , your marketing imagination promoting customer 's businesses on all four ( 4 ) WyoRadio stations , station websites , and Facebook pages along with Wyo4News.com
This position can allow you to express your creativity in script writing , production of ads , internet , and electronic means of media relations . This Media Marketing specialist will enjoy a base salary , commission pay , incredible benefits ( including health and dental insurance ) , vacation , sick and holiday pay and more . WyoRadio is also offering a sign-on bonus for the successful candidate !
Applications and complete job descriptions available at Wyoming Department of Workforce Services , 2451 Foothill Blvd. , Suite 100 , Rock Springs , WY 82901 . Resumes must accompany applications . WyoRadio is an Equal Opportunity Employer . ( 10/06/17 )
# # # # #
His vehicle was located by a Carbon County deputy sheriff at the south Red Hills Campground . Proberts 's kayak , his life vest , a ball cap , and the kayak paddle were found later along the east bank of the reservoir .
At last report , Proberts is still missing , despite extensive search efforts by Carbon County authorities .
MOUNT PLEASANT , Wis. — Property owners in southeastern Wisconsin who believe they wo n't be fully compensated for land Foxconn Technology Group needs to build a $ 10 billion plant are appealing a ruling dismissing their case .
A dozen property owners filed a federal lawsuit in January alleging the village of Mount Pleasant 's use of eminent domain is unconstitutional because it is for private rather than public benefit . They say the offers for their properties are too low .
A federal judge dismissed the suit this month , calling it “ not cognizable . ”
The Journal Times reports that the property owners ' attorney filed the appeal Tuesday .
An attorney for the village says the legal appeal wo n't stop the project .
The Taiwanese company 's plant will manufacture advanced liquid crystal display panels .
——
Information from : The Journal Times , http : //www.journaltimes.com
Welcome to the Halcyon , an opulent art deco temple to high living smack in the middle of London 's West End . The jazz is hot ( courtesy of songs written by Jamie Cullum ) , the cocktails are flowing and the privileged few are having one hell of a ball .
But the year is 1940 and that strange time known as the “ phoney war ” is about to end . Churchill is coming to power ; Dunkirk lies just ahead ; and beyond that the Battle of Britain and the Blitz . The Halcyon , like Britain , is still intact – but for how long ?
Using a hotel as a metaphor for the state of the nation is an old television dramatists ' trick : Stephen Poliakoff did it just recently with Close to the Enemy . Like stately homes , grand hotels allow the upper classes to mix in very close proximity to the lower orders – with all the potential for drama that unleashes .
And , usefully for The Halcyon writer Charlotte Jones ( creator of Anna Friel drama Without You ) , hotels have ballrooms and bedrooms to be bad in . So it 's no surprise that ITV is hoping The Halcyon will easily find its place in that Upstairs Downstairs/Downton Abbey tradition of Sunday night drama .
This time , instead of the Earl of Grantham and Carson , we have hotel owner Lord Hamilton ( Alex Jennings ) and his general manager Richard Garland , played by Steven Mackintosh ( Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , Luther , and one of Britain 's busiest documentary narrators ) .
It is Mackintosh 's Garland , the man who knows all that happens at the Halcyon , who carries the eight-part series . But “ it 's not just the Garland show , ” he says . “ The hotel itself is the leading character. ” To hammer home the link with Downton , the Halcyon is owned by an aristocratic family that is riven by intrigue and feud , as all aristocratic families must be on British television .
This is fuelled , in large part , by Lord Hamilton 's alcoholic fascist mistress 's ( Charity Wakefield ) habit of bumping into Lady Hamilton – a neurotically imperious performance from Olivia Williams – at breakfast .
Poliakoff 's hotel in Close to the Enemy was in a bomb-shattered post-war London . The Halcyon takes us back to the beginning of the conflict we still define ourselves by and which has particular poignancy for Mackintosh .
“ My grandfather died in a prisoner-of-war camp in Burma , ” he says . “ So my mother did n't really get to know her father and I do think those things travel through the generations . But there is also something incredibly evocative about that period of time .
“ We are always told about the English spirit , the ‘ keep calm and carry on ' spirit . That sense of coming together to defy the enemy . I think , along with many other people , I would like to believe in that . Particularly now in a time when the world does feel quite divided . ”
That may be so but , as Jones 's nuanced plot makes clear , our modern view of the Second World War as a straightforward narrative of good versus evil , “ our finest hour ” , is misleading .
In 1940 there were many fascist sympathisers among the upper classes and right-wing press who , like Lord Hamilton in The Halcyon , were more worried about the British working class and the threat of Soviet communism than they were about Nazism .
As we see in episode one , they actively plotted to make peace with Hitler . Likewise , it is only with hindsight that Churchill emerges as a national hero . When he came to power , after a broken and discredited Neville Chamberlain resigned , Churchill was seen by many as a political chancer with a blood lust for wars that other , younger , men will have to fight .
“ But that 's what drew me to The Halcyon , ” says Mackintosh . “ That juxtaposition of the glamorous opulence of the hotel with that beginning of an uncertain period of the war and the perils that were about to come . ”
The Halcyon is on Monday 9.00pm ITV Channel
FAMILY JUST CHILLIN ' .. ❤️😍 @ thalia # love # family # hamptons # bronxtalemusical
A post shared by TM ( @ tommymottola ) on Aug 11 , 2017 at 8:53pm PDT
AUGUSTA , Maine — Road signs directing motorists to the Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument are going to be installed — eventually — now that Republican Gov . Paul LePage has relented in his opposition to the signs on Interstate 95 and state roads leading to the Mount Katahdin region .
The Maine Department of Transportation will allow signs to be manufactured and installed now that Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has recommended keeping the monument and a renewed request has been submitted by the superintendent for the federal land , the governor 's office said .
But it 's unclear when the signs would be installed .
The Maine DOT is still sorting out placement , size and costs , and there 's no timetable for erecting the signs , Ted Talbot , Maine DOT spokesman , said Tuesday .
The request made by Katahdin Woods and Waters Superintendent Tim Hudson , first reported by Maine Public , seeks six signs on Interstate 95 and 11 additional signs on major state roads .
The wooded wilderness includes a 17-mile loop road with stunning views of Mount Katahdin , Maine 's tallest mountain , along with trails for hiking , mountain biking and snowmobiling , and paddling on the Penobscot River 's East Branch .
But motorists would be hard-pressed to find it without a map . There are no official signs , and a homemade sign was removed by state officials .
Last year , the LePage administration balked at the signs pending completion of a review by the Trump administration . But Zinke has since visited the land , described it as “ beautiful country ” and recommended no changes to the 87,500-acre ( 137square-mile ) property .
Supporters of the federal land managed by the National Park Service said the lack of signs hurt the ability to draw visitors to the economically troubled Katahdin region .
Katahdin Woods and Waters was visited by at least 15,000 people in its first year , and the number doubles when snowmobiles are added to the mix .
GANGHWA ISLAND , South Korea – The water bottles , filled with rice and worm medicine and ointment and USB sticks containing movies and songs and President Donald Trump 's State of the Union address , were carried away by the currents . Their destination : North Korea .
Twice a month when the tides are right , activists led by Jung Gwang-il , a former North Korean political prisoner turned human rights advocate , toss hundreds of bottles into the Han River to be carried downstream in the hope that some will end up in the hands of North Koreans , who are hungry for both food and information .
“ I want people in North Korea to know that even the president of the United States is concerned about human rights , ” Jung said as he prepared to cast 400 more bottles into the river . “ I want to encourage them to stay the course against North Korean regime . ”
The USB sticks in these bottles contained subtitled footage of Trump 's January address , in which the president called North Korea 's dictatorship “ cruel ” and “ depraved . ”
Jung , who met Trump in the Oval Office in January and has a picture of the two of them together on his South Korean messaging app profile , supports the president 's “ maximum pressure ” approach to dealing with Kim Jong-un .
Through his organization , No Chain for North Korea , he 's trying to apply his own form of pressure on the Kim regime by breaking the information blockade .
Besides Trump 's address , the USB sticks also hold YouTube videos showing what life is like for young people in the United States , as well as the movies “ The Wall , ” an Irish movie about a North Korean poet , and “ The Interview , : the comedy about assassinating Kim Jong-un that is believed to have led North Korean hackers to attack Sony Pictures in 2014 .
Jung also loaded footage of a North Korean musical group 's performance in Seoul in February — to show that they were performing songs that are banned in the North — and the performance that South Korean singers gave in Pyongyang last month . Both were heavily censored in the North .
North Korea 's Kim family has remained in power for seven decades partly by shutting off all information from the outside world , instead telling the impoverished and oppressed citizens that they live in a socialist paradise .
But as information has seeped in on radio waves and cellphones and USB sticks , more and more people have come to realize that this is a lie .
Thae Yong Ho , who was North Korea 's deputy ambassador in London until his dramatic escape in 2016 , says that getting information into the country is crucial to counteract the state 's propaganda .
“ We should educate the North Korean people so that they can have their own ‘ Korean Spring , ' ” he told The Washington Post last year .
Dealing in outside media has become big business in North Korea , with merchants in the markets selling USB drives that can be inserted into TVs or DVD players , and micro-SD cards that can be put into phones .
A 2015 survey of people who had escaped from North Korea found that 81 percent had watched foreign media on USB drives while still in the country .
Jung and other activists have , over recent years , become increasingly ingenious at getting information into the country . Some set up radio stations in which escapees from North Korea talk about their lives in the South . Some fly huge balloons filled with brochures and media across the border from South Korea when the winds are right . Others smuggle bags of DVDs over the border from China .
Jung tried drone delivery at one point , but that was tricky . So he went low-tech , relying on the river currents to wash bottles of information ashore .
Jung does n't have proof that North Koreans watch the movies or eat the rice he sends , but the Marine Corps has told him that they 've seen people and boats collecting the bottles .
On a recent day , as the government in Seoul was preparing to host a summit between South Korean President Moon Jae-in and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un , Jung and his team headed out to a secluded spot on the banks of the Han .
His work is sensitive — and not just because the North Korean regime objects to it . The South Korean government is concerned that such activities might antagonize the regime at a time when it 's trying to make diplomatic progress .
No Chain gets no government funding , relying instead on donations . The Human Rights Foundation , a New York-based nonprofit organization , donates USBs as part of its “ Flashdrives for Freedom ” project , which aims to penetrate isolated places .
Student groups at Yale and the University of Alabama have donated USB drives , as has a high school in Wyoming . Sometimes individual donors in the United States and South Korea send old USBs , too .
The three pounds of rice in each bottle , donated by South Korean churches , is worth about two months ' salary for a state worker in North Korea .
Lee Hae-kyung , who worked as a pharmacist at a hospital in North Korea , had come to the river bank bringing with him antiseptic ointment and worming tablets to counteract parasites — like the ones that riddled the soldier who escaped across the border to the south last year .
When she lived in North Korea , she said , people were told that such supplies from the south were poisoned . “ But now North Korean people know that it 's not . ”
“ Change does n't happen when people are hungry , ” said Lee Soon-shil , who escaped from North Korea a decade ago . “ So when they find these bottles , they can cure their hunger and learn about South Korea at the same time . I think the USBs are going to be a bigger help than the rice itself . ”
With the bottles all ready and noon approaching — the best time to hit the right currents — the activists and several dozen members of a church group that had donated the rice gathered on the rocks overlooking the Han .
They prayed loudly together . “ Lord please work for us , ” they chanted . Then they started flinging the bottles into the water .
“ People in North Korea will be swarming around these at dawn tomorrow , ” said Kim Yong-hwa , the chairman of the North Korean Refugees Human Rights Association , another group involved in the effort .
While Moon was talking about guaranteeing the future of the North Korean regime as part of the effort to persuade Pyongyang to give up its nuclear weapons , the activists were trying to care for the North Korean people by feeding and educating them , Kim said .
That could pay different security dividends , he said . “ We think that the people who receive this rice are going to be on our side . They 're not going to want to attack us . ”
The currents carried the bottles away , to drift possibly as far as 25 miles . Whether they arrived , the activists did n't know . But they had to try .
GAA tweets of the week 17 April 2017
Wexford Manager Davy Fitzgerald Wexford Manager Davy Fitzgerald
Davy Fitz features prominently in this week 's round-up of Twitter activity ...
Can someone explain to me how has Davy Fitzgerald not been stretched out on the broad of his back by someone at this stage -enough is enough — bernard flynn ( @ bernardflynn15 ) April 17 , 2017
That Davy Fitzgerald incident is a disgrace ! Should absolutely be slapped with a ban . There 's a line between passion and stupidity . — Ray Connellan ( @ connellanray ) April 17 , 2017
No comment , not going to open my mouth or make any remark either way , just gon na leave this here . Make of it what you will . # GAA pic.twitter.com/dkLngMZzgv — Jamie Wall ( @ Jamwall7 ) April 16 , 2017
What an absolute rout by @ TipperaryGAA ! ! Forwards lethal . Davy 's outburst ridiculous ! ! ! — Tomás Ó Sé ( @ tomas5ky ) April 16 , 2017
That sort of stuff use to annoy me when he was over Waterford and Clare . Now he 's over Wexford I love it # gwandavy # freeout — Redmond Barry ( @ ReddBarry ) April 16 , 2017
Scandalous decision to allow that goal . The corner back was clearly fouled — Wayne McNamara ( @ waggymc ) April 16 , 2017
Surely it 's time for @ officialgaa to reform the hurling championship . @ UlsterGAA hurling championship again doing nothing for any county . — Neil McManus ( @ Neilmcmanus88 ) April 16 , 2017
Disappointing performance for @ Kerry_Official u21s but fair play to @ Galway_GAA.They went for it . a lot of these kerry lads will make it — Tomás Ó Sé ( @ tomas5ky ) April 15 , 2017
— Paul Geaney ( @ Geaney15 ) April 15 , 2017
The full back for @ Galway_GAA is having some match . An old style type of full back but a lad that looks natural playing ball too . — Steven McDonnell ( @ StevenMcD13 ) April 15 , 2017
Great to see the @ RahenyGAA lads dominating in the semi final . Fair play to the 21s — Brian Fenton ( @ BrianFenton08 ) April 15 , 2017
Have referees completely lost the plot . Such a brutal black card . A lot to be said for a bit of common sense . # donvdub — Sean Quigley ( @ Sean_Quigley15 ) April 15 , 2017
What a great day in @ ITCarlowGAA for @ Carlow_GAA Coaching Conference . Superb event superb facilities . Credit all concerned — Turlough O Brien ( @ TurloughCarlow ) April 15 , 2017
AGRICULTURE sector complaints to and contact with the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission ( ACCC ) on trading issues jumped 25 per cent in the second half of 2017 .
The ACCC said it was contacted by 255 agricultural traders with complaint reports and inquiries in the July-December period last year compared to 204 in January-June .
The latest edition of the ACCC 's Small Business in Focus report showed the significant jump in agri-sector complaints and contacts was in line with a jump in complaints and contacts from small business generally .
Main complaint or contact from the agri-sector was about misleading conduct or false representation by competitors or in dealings between growers or producers with traders or processors .
They comprised 30pc of total agri-sector contact with the ACCC , the same as for small business generally , and jumped 30.5pc in the last half of the year , compared to a 52pc increase for the small business sector overall .
Next most frequent cause of agri-sector contact , at 8pc , was consumer guarantees .
Those contacts jumped 41pc in the second half of 2017 , compared to the first half , and were similar to a jump of 46pc for small business generally in what appears to be a growing trend , according to the ACCC , of complaints about warranty or guarantees .
The biggest percentage increase in agri-sector contact with the ACCC was over wrongly accepted payments , with the number doubling from five in the first half of last year to 10 in the second half ,
That was more than double the increase for the small business sector on the same issue .
Small Business in Focus also revealed other significant differences between the cause of complaint from the agri-sector and from other small businesses .
For example , agri-sector contact about misuse of market power dropped 40pc in the past six months while contacts from small business generally on the same issue went up 36pc .
Similarly , agri-sector contacts about exclusive dealings dropped by 80pc in the second half of the year while contacts from small business were up 10pc .
Santa Claus is on his way ...... but wait , how can the children make sure the man in red knows what your kids would like on the big day ?
Well , look no further than the Midland Railway — Butterley .
For Father Christmas has made some time in his busy schedule to greet youngsters .
What 's more , he does it all in a special grotto on board a lovingly preserved steam train .
With two young children , for our family the visit to see Santa in the run-up to Christmas Day is crucial .
And the ‘ Santa Specials ' at the Midland Railway on the outskirts of Ripley are ideal — and right on the doorstep .
Once you arrive at the railway everything has a festive edge .
Your entrance is via a marquee decorated with Christmas baubles and lights — and on our visit there was still snow on the ground from a flurry a couple of days previous .
Once through the marquee you can pick up your tickets from a traditional ticket office with a raging open fire in the background .
If you have time you can always grab a cuppa and bacon sandwich in the on-platform cafe , visit the gift shop or check out the model railway in an adjoining cabin .
You can also step onto the footbridge to watch the steam loco arriving .
Once you step on board through the billowing smoke from the train you are whisked out into the Derbyshire countryside and on towards the Swanwick Junction platform .
Along the way children , with special ticket in hand , are called to see Santa in his grotto . His helper shows the youngsters in for a chat with St Nick and the chance to reel off a long list of gifts they would like .
After a quick photo opportunity the children are presented with an age-appropriate gift and a candy treat .
It 's then back to your seat to unwrap the gift and enjoy the return trip to Butterley . Along the way adults are treated to a mince pie and miniature bottle of spirits .
The atmosphere is packed with fun and , when back at the original station , the children get to enjoy a show put on by Pinxton Puppets and the chance to have a whirl on the tombola .
The attraction is packed to the brim with festive spirit and as well as the Santa Specials a Super Santa , complete with picnic tea , is also available .
SANTA SPECIALS
Midland Railway — Butterley , Butterley Station , Ripley DE5 3QZ .
Tickets can be booked by calling 01773 570140 .
Or visit www.midlandrailway-butterley.co.uk
National Hurricane Center
Nate 's fate likely not to be a monster
It 's not crystal clear that Tropical Storm Nate will ever become a hurricane . And Eastern PA Weather Authority boss Bobby Martrich said even if it does in the next day or two , conditions in the Gulf of Mexico likely will keep Nate from the wild intensification that we saw with the ultra-destructuve Harvey , Irma and Maria . Think Category 1 , rather than Category 2 or 3 , if there were no upper-level shear , he said . The water 's certainly warm enough for something more severe .
FRANKFURT — European businesses are unsettled as they watch the U.S. and China collide over trade .
And for good reason : the nascent global trade war presents the biggest threat to the economic upswing that has helped the region get past its financial crisis .
In theory , some European companies could benefit , jumping into market niches if Chinese businesses are kept out of the U.S. market . But that would only be a few companies or sectors .
When your entire economy is heavily dependent on trade , an overall slowdown in global commerce caused by tit-for-tat import taxes provokes fear and undermines confidence .
And that 's just what 's happening in Europe . By one measure , business confidence has fallen in six of the past seven months in Germany , where exports are almost half of annual economic output .
Dear Annie : My husband passed away seven years ago from complications from Alzheimer 's disease . We had very dear friends whom we went everywhe…
Research and Markets has announced the addition of the `` North America Land Mobile Radio System Market ( 2016 2022 ) '' report to their offering .
The Land Mobile Radio ( LMR ) is used to stream video , access data , and collaborate with the stakeholders in real time and accordingly take decisions in the real time . The effectiveness of the Land Mobile Radio Systems technology has led to the widespread adoption of the same in the public safety sector to provide rescue services in instances of natural disasters , terrorist attacks , and other mission critical situations .
Land Mobile Radio ( LMR ) Systems are terrestrially-based , wireless communications system which are most commonly used by the federal , state , local , tribal , and territorial emergency responders , public works companies , and also the military to support voice and low-speed data communications . LMR systems have been designed for the purpose of public safety . LMR systems are used to deliver secure , reliable , mission-critical voice communications in different conditions and in instances of emergencies , and are among the most reliable means of voice communication .
Based on the type , the Land Mobile Radio System market is segmented into Portable and Mobile . Based on the Technology Type , the market is segmented into Analog and Digital . The verticals covered under the report include Defense & Public Safety , Commercial , Construction , Transportation & Logistics and Others .
Based on country , Land Mobile Radio ( LMR ) System market is segmented into US , Canada , Mexico and Rest of North America . US remained the dominant country in the North America Land Mobile Radio ( LMR ) System market . Canada would witness promising CAGR during the forecast period ( 2016-2022 ) .
Key Topics Covered :
1 . Market Scope & Methodology
2 . Executive Summary
3 . Market Overview
4 . North America Land Mobile Radio System Market
5 . North America Land Mobile Radio System Market by Technology
6 . North America Land Mobile Radio System Market by Vertical
7 . North America Land Mobile Radio System Market by Country
8 . Company Profiles
Companies Mentioned
For more information about this report visit http : //www.researchandmarkets.com/research/sxbg59/north_america $ page_length='long ' ; ? >
Transcript for Family of Cleveland Facebook murder victim 'beyond shocked '
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
SNc Channels :
Search
About Salem-News.com
Zip Weather
Weather Forecast
Jun-13-2017 23:10 TweetFollow @ OregonNews Historic Sentencing for Gang Member who Killed Transgender Woman Vallum had two options : he could flee or save face with the gang by killing Williamson .
Investigators at the Mississippi property of Joshua Vallum 's father in 2015 . Vallum killed Mercedes Williamson , a 17-year-old transgender girl , and was prosecuted under a federal hate crimes law .
( WASHINGTON , D.C. ) - A federal prosecution under a 2009 hate crime law resulted in a lengthy prison sentence last month for a Mississippi gang member who killed a 17-year-old transgender woman—and set an important precedent that could benefit other transgender victims . A judge sentenced Joshua Vallum to 49 years in federal prison under the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd , Jr . Hate Crimes Prevention Act of 2009 . The prison term is in addition to the life sentence he received in Mississippi for killing 17-year-old Mercedes Williamson in 2015 . Vallum admitted that he killed Williamson because she was transgender . The Shepard-Byrd Act gives the FBI authority to investigate violent hate crimes , including violence directed at the gay , lesbian , bisexual , and transgender community , and enables the prosecution of such crimes at the federal level . The act has been successfully applied to other hate crimes , but this is the first time it has been used for a transgender victim . The FBI 's Safe Streets Task Force in Pascagoula , Mississippi ( part of the FBI 's Jackson Division ) investigated the murder because it was initially believed to be gang related : Vallum was a local “ enforcer ” and a national secretary of the Almighty Latin Kings and Queens Nation gang . “ It was a horrible murder , ” said FBI Special Agent Jerome Lorrain , who coordinates task force members from local , state , and federal law enforcement agencies . Investigators quickly determined that then-27-year-old Vallum likely killed Williamson because she was transgender . The two met through social media in 2014 and had a sexual relationship for several months . According to the gang , that made Vallum a homosexual , a violation of gang rules that meant he could be killed on sight . Vallum stopped seeing Williamson , but another gang member confronted him , Lorrain said . At that point , Vallum had two options : he could flee or save face with the gang by killing Williamson . “ Vallum told the other guy he would ‘ handle the business , ' ” Lorrain said . On May 30 , 2015 , Vallum drove to Alabama to find Williamson and convinced her to get in his car . They drove to his father 's house in Lucedale , Mississippi , and he brutally attacked her , stabbing her with a knife and beating her with a hammer . His family called local police after Vallum entered the house covered in blood . Responding officers found Williamson 's body in the woods and later contacted the FBI . Vallum told gang members about the killing the next day . He lied and said he did n't know Williamson was a male until they became intimate , and then he snapped and killed her in a fit of rage . Vallum later told Task Force Officer Jonathan Carroll the same story in an interview , shortly after he surrendered to law enforcement . Carroll is an officer with the Ocean Springs ( Mississippi ) Police Department and is assigned full time to the FBI Safe Streets Task Force . In the midst of the investigation , Lorrain 's supervisor attended a conference on identifying hate crimes and victims ' rights . Two civil rights attorneys from the Department of Justice presented an overview of the Shepard-Byrd Act . Supervisory Senior Resident Agent Rachel Byrd ( no relation to James Byrd , Jr. ) recognized the possibility for federal prosecution and approached the attorneys . “ The DOJ attorneys were very enthusiastic about prosecuting this horrific murder under the Shepard-Byrd Act , ” Byrd said . Vallum found himself facing state murder charges and the federal hate crime charge . In light of overwhelming evidence , he pleaded guilty in state court in 2016 , and was sentenced to life in prison . He later pleaded guilty to the hate crime . Even though he received a life sentence in Mississippi , the federal plea and sentencing are important , Lorrain said . “ The entire story about why Vallum killed Williamson was n't public until we charged him at the federal level . And now there is a precedent for future cases . There have been reports of a number of crimes against transgender people. ” Because some states—including Mississippi—do not have hate crime statutes that protect people from bias based on gender identity , the successful federal prosecution of Vallum could help other transgender victims get justice . The federal sentence also ensures that Vallum will serve at least 49 years in federal prison , regardless of any early release he may be granted on his state sentence . Source : FBI _________________________________________
United-states | Crime | Transgender | Most Commented on
Articles for June 12 , 2017 | Articles for June 13 , 2017 |
By Scott T. Sterling
Count Taylor Swift among the countless musicians paying tribute to rock legend Tom Petty in the wake of his death earlier this week .
Related : Bruce Springsteen Remembers Tom Petty : ‘ A Long Lost Brother '
Swift spoke to Rolling Stone about Petty 's tremendous influence on her .
“ To me , Tom Petty represented a kind of songwriting I idolized : complex simplicity , ” she revealed . “ It said so much in the lyrics , the concepts , the stories , the message , the nuances … but always brought you back to a hook that got stuck in everyone 's head . He motivated thousands of guitarists to learn to play just because they wanted to be able to play ‘ Free Fallin. ” Count me as one of them . ”
Swift famously covered Petty 's timeless 1977 single , “ American Girl , ” releasing it as a single and performing it on her Fearless tour in 2009 . Check it out below .
( Riccardo Dalle Luche/ANSA via AP ) . The League leader Matteo Salvini speaks from a stage during a campaign rally for local election in Massa Carrara , Italy , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Salvini made clear Wednesday he preferred early elections , saying it w ...
( Angelo Carconi/ANSA via AP ) . Premier-designate Carlo Cottarelli , center , gets in a car as he leaves his hotel , in Rome , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Cottarelli has returned to the presidential palace for informal consultations amid continued market turmoi ...
By NICOLE WINFIELD and COLLEEN BARRY
Associated Press
ROME ( AP ) - Italy 's president gave populist politicians another chance Wednesday to try to form a coalition government after his naming of an interim leader roiled global markets that feared a new election would amount to a referendum on the euro .
Carlo Cottarelli , the former International Monetary Fund official tapped Monday to be a neutral , temporary premier , said `` new possibilities '' had emerged for a government based on the results of the March election to run Italy rather than the government of technocrats he would direct .
The two populist parties that prevailed in the March 4 vote - the euroskeptic 5-Star Movement and the right-wing League - presented their proposed Cabinet over the weekend . Italian President Sergio Mattarella vetoed their euroskeptic economy minister , collapsing the deal .
Leaders of both parties signaled a willingness to try again late Wednesday . 5-Star leader Luigi Di Maio suggested they come up with a different economy minister while keeping the previous candidate , Paolo Savona , in the Cabinet in a different capacity .
But League leader Matteo Salvini appeared to hold firm , saying : `` Why ca n't we have a minister in Italy even though the Germans do n't like him ? '' Germany is the economic powerhouse among the European countries that have adopted the euro as their official currency .
Mattarella nixed Savona , who has questioned whether Italy should keep the euro , on the grounds that the position needed to be filled with someone who would reassure markets and Italy 's European partners .
Mattarella 's office said it was studying Di Maio 's proposal `` with attention . ''
After the president turned to Cottarelli to form a neutral government that would lead Italy until an early election was held , stock markets plunged Tuesday in both Europe 's third-largest economy and around the world .
The prospect of a new vote fueled by euroskeptic outrage spooked investors who feared the election would become a vote on whether Italy should abandon the euro , with uncertain consequences for Europe 's economy .
By Wednesday , markets had largely recovered with the news of a second chance for a longer-term arrangement . The Milan stock exchange closed up more than 2 percent and government borrowing rates eased .
League leader Salvini said he would be willing to look again at the 5-Star-League agreement that had formed the basis of their proposed alliance .
The contract called for heavy spending to introduce a basic income for needy Italians and a two-tier flat tax , as well as pension reforms , but was light on financing details .
But Salvini also insisted that the proposed Cabinet be accepted , Savona included . Salvini also put forward adding another member of the center-right bloc , Giorgia Meloni .
Left unclear was whether one or both parties would again pull the plug if Savona was rejected by the Italian president , or if Mattarella would relent and approve him .
Economic analyst Lorenzo Codogno said any possible political government would likely mean tweaks to the coalition agreement , including dropping Savona as economy minister .
`` The initiative for a new anti-establishment government ... would have to imply a credible pro-European commitment and a commitment to the Italian Constitution , i.e . the fiscal framework , to have any chance of flying , '' Codogno said .
Salvini has long complained that Mattarella never gave the center-right bloc that brought in the most votes in March - 37 percent - a mandate to try to form a government .
The center-right alliance grouped the League with ex-Premier Silvio Berlusconi 's Forza Italia and the smaller right-wing Brothers of Italy . The 5-Stars received 32 percent of the vote , making the movement the largest single party in the Italian Parliament .
Italians who have already weathered more than 10 weeks of political deadlock seemed resigned to the latest upheavals , criticizing the piqued rhetoric of politicians but acknowledging the populists were expressing voter discontent with the European Union over immigration and financial policy .
`` I am absolutely pro-Europe . Italy was one of the founding nations of Europe , '' said Riccardo Perrone as he walked through a central Rome vegetable market with a stack of the day 's newspapers under his arm . `` But certainly Italy has been pushed a bit to the margins . ''
Analyst Codogno said signals that the Democratic Party , which led Italy 's last government , would n't vote in favor of a Cottarelli-led administration during mandatory confidence votes had dimmed its chances .
Any politicians agreeing to serve in the temporary government 's Cabinet would have to abandon their current jobs and commit not to run in the upcoming election for positions that might only last a couple of months , Codogno noted .
___
Barry contributed from Milan .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
THE HAGUE , Netherlands ( AP ) — Dutch authorities have brokered a new agreement about how to compensate damages suffered by homeowners in the northeastern Netherlands due to earthquakes caused by gas extraction .
In a concession to thousands of residents whose homes have been shaken by hundreds of small quakes in recent years , Economic Affairs and Climate Minister Eric Wiebes said Wednesday that the company responsible for gas extraction , known by its Dutch acronym NAM , would no longer have a say in the compensation process .
The government said the new independent compensation system means that `` individual claimants will no longer have to do business with the NAM . '' They will be compensated by the Dutch government , which in turn will claim the money back from NAM , a joint venture between Shell and ExxonMobil .
Singer Janet Jackson will reportedly reschedule 75 axed shows and release a new album about motherhood .
Jackson , who parted ways from billionaire Wissam Al Mana earlier this month , is now said to be focusing on writing “ positive ” music after becoming a mother to their three-month-old son , Eissa Al Mana , reports dailymail.co.uk .
The “ Scream ” singer will play the shows she postponed due to her pregnancy last year under a new run of dates named the State Of The World tour , which will hit North America later this year .
“ Having a baby has upped her desire to release positive music and she wants her new songs to be a celebration of life , love and motherhood , ” a source told The Sun newspaper .
“ She plans to get back on tour in North America in October , followed by a brand-new album . Last year 's incomplete Unbreakable World Tour is being revamped to become the State Of The World Tour and she is already scheduling summer rehearsals , ” the source added .
Will & Grace dove into the gay dating age gap last night in a sitcom set-up we have n't seen on prime time network TV before . In this highlight clip from the show , Will hooks up with a younger guy who does n't know the difference between Stonehenge and Stonewall .
Writes Brian Moylan at Vulture :
What was so great about this , and Will and Jack 's conversation the next day , is that they talk about pop culture and gay life the same way that my friends and I do . I 'm ( ahem ) a handful of years younger than these two . They say Madonna has the face of Baby Jane and the body of Iggy Pop ; I call her Grandma Ciccone and talk about how she 's going in for a hand transplant any day now . It 's the same vibe . ( And poor Blake , those Baby Jane and Iggy Pop references went right over his head . ) We so rarely see these types of middle-aged characters on TV and we certainly do n't have any gay people of a certain age on the tube .
What do you think of the rebooted Will & Grace ?
Watch :
Adewole , others advocate lifestyle change to reduce cancer scourge
…FG working towards reducing cost of treatment
Minister of Health , Prof. Isaac Adewole ; Radiotherapy and Cancer Specialists , Prof. Abayomi Durosinmi-Etti ; Oyo State Governor , Senator Abiola Ajimobi and others have advised against carefree habit and lifestyle that promote risk factors to cancer diseases .
They gave the advice in separate addresses at the launch of the Oyo State five-year cancer control strategic plan , spanning five years ( January 2018 to December 2022 ) , in Ibadan , on Tuesday .
Wife of the state governor and founder of Access to Basic Medical Care Foundation , Chief Florence Ajimobi , who was the initiator of the project , as well as the state Commissioner for Health , Dr. Azeez Adedutan , said that the strategic plan was aimed at reducing cancer-related incidence and mortality .
In their goodwill messages , Wife of Niger State Governor , Dr. Amina Bello ; Chief Medical Director , University College Hospital , Ibadan , Prof. Temitope Alonge ; and representative of wife of Kwara State governor , Mr. Lanre Bello , harped on early detection and preventive measures to reduce the cancer scourge .
The minister lauded the state government and ABC Foundation for setting the pace for other states in the country with the cancer control strategic plan , an initiative he said Oyo State pioneered in the country .
Adewole , who rued what he called the low level of information and awareness on the debilitating effect of the disease across the country , said that the Federal Government was working hard to cause a significant reduction in the cost of cancer treatment .
Although he put the cost at conservatively $ 2,000 ( N734,000 ) currently in the country , he said it was still a far cry to the $ 10,000 ( N3.7m ) it cost to treat cancer in neighboring Ghana .
He said that the FG would have loved to establish more cancer treatment centres across the country , in spite of the prohibitive cost , but was being hampered by competing demands of other life-threatening diseases such as heart diseases , hypertension , kidney failure , cirrhosis , among others .
The minister said , “ This is the first time in the history of cancer in Nigeria that a state will make a strategic plan on it . We now know that 40 per cent of cancer can be prevented if we change our habits and lifestyle , while 40 per cent can be cured if detected early .
“ In nearby Ghana , it cost $ 10,000 to treat cancer while it cost $ 2,000 to treat the same disease in Nigeria . But , even at that amount , it is still expensive for our people . We are working hard to make the treatment affordable .
“ It is also advisable to localize this cancer plan , as this will be strategic to its success . Involvement of the local government administrations and other health platforms like the Primary Health Care should be integrated into the programme . ”
In his keynote , Durosinmi-Etti , who was the pioneer chief medical director of the National Hospital , Abuja , identified smoking , excessive alcohol intake , albinos ' exposure to sun and excessive body weight as some of the habits and lifestyles that promote cancer .
He said , “ We need to pay attention to the spread of cancer in Nigeria in order to bring it to a near zero level . From research , we discovered that breast and cervical cancer account for 50 per cent of female mortality .
“ Apart from Gombe , Ibadan is the only state in Nigeria with facilities to treat cancer and this call for absolute readiness to campaign for prevention rather than treatment . 33 per cent cure is sure with prevention and early detection .
“ But , if people will just be careful about their habits and lifestyles , such as smoking , excessive drinking , exposure to paint and asbestos chemicals , excessive weight and obesity , as well as exposure to the sun in the case of albinos , there will be a significant reduction in cancer incidence . ”
Launching the strategic plan , the governor said that the initiative was birthed with the collaborative efforts of the state government and the private sector .
Ajimobi stated that effective healthcare system could not be sustained by government alone , but with the support of the private sector , adding that mortality rate attributed to cancer had been alarming and must be nipped in the bud .
The governor said , “ May I reiterate the fact that effective healthcare service delivery the world over is a joint venture between government and the private sector . It is evident that health can not be sustained by government 's efforts alone .
“ As a responsive government , we have taken a preemptive review of the structure of the healthcare system with the requisite intent of meeting the health needs of our people . An extensive restructuring of the sector , which involves the three tiers of service provision across the state , is currently on-going .
“ Permit me to use this opportunity to commend the efforts of my wife , who I unequivocally describe as a philanthropist par excellence . She is a woman with the milk of kindness and concern for the welfare and wellbeing of others . I thank her for this initiative and others before this . ”
In her welcome address , the wife of the governor said that the plight of cancer patients informed her decision to play a major role in bringing smiles back to their faces , adding that the plan would harp on prevention of the disease rather than cure .
Mrs. Ajimobi hinted that the strategic plan was targeting 500,000 people for screening annually , with 165 centers to be created across the state , while soliciting a special cancer fund to assist cancer patients in the State .
She said , “ A significant proportion of the citizenry are not aware of cancer , neither are the majority equipped with much-needed information to protect themselves and their loved ones from it , leading to late presentation .
“ The strategic plan is targeted at five identified priority areas and will be implemented in two phases over the next five years . Its implementation will also be supervised and coordinated by a steering committee comprising of relevant stakeholders .
“ Over the next three months , 1,320 nurses across the 33 Local Government Areas of the state will be trained on cancer screening and 165 screening centers ( 5 in each LGA ) , capable of screening 500 thousand people annually , will be established .
“ Although this plan has been designed to be sustainable , there is a need to establish a Cancer Fund to support cancer patients in the state . I am also aware that the State Health Insurance Agency is almost done with plans to incorporate cancer care into all its products and packages . ”
The post Adewole , others advocate lifestyle change to reduce cancer scourge appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } if ( _adsPreview == 1 ) { $ ( `` .mrg-tag '' ) .each ( function ( idx , value ) { var el = $ ( this ) ; var bl = parseInt ( el.attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ) ; //console.log ( `` bl= '' +bl ) ; var wrapperElement = this.parentNode ; try { wrapperElement.removeChild ( this ) ; } catch ( e ) { } show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } ) ; } else { ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; } function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
ZURICH — FIFA has dropped referee Fahad Al Mirdasi from the World Cup after he was banned from football for life in Saudi Arabia over match fixing .
The Saudi Arabian Football Federation said two weeks ago that Fahad Al Mirdasi asked for money to help a team win a cup final .
Now FIFA says its referees ' committee has decided that his conditions to be selected for the World Cup in Russia “ are not satisfied anymore . ”
As a result , the entire Saudi refereeing team has been removed from the tournament , including two assistants .
FIFA says Al Mirdasi wo n't be directly replaced . Instead , the governing body will take two additional assistant referees from the United Arab Emirates and Japan .
LAKE WALES , Fla. ( WFLA ) — A Lake Wales man is facing charges after police say he recently tried to molest a 10-year-old girl .
The Lake Wales Police Department started investigating 53-year-old Michael Holt on Thursday , and arrested him on Friday at his home on South 9th Street .
According to detectives , Holt tried to get the girl to touch his penis while he was nude . The man later admitted that he tried to get her to do it while he masturbated , and said it happened on one other occasion .
The child refused and eventually left .
After his arrest , Holt said he was ashamed of what he did and called it “ stupid. ” He also told police he had a problem and was glad detectives arrested him .
Holt is facing two counts of lewd or lascivious exhibition and was taken to the Polk County Jail .
Detectives are currently trying to figure out if there are any other possible victims . Anyone with information is asked to call Detective Jonathan Fletcher at 678-4223 ext . 590 .
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
> > BACK TO TOP STORIES
General News of Monday , 14 August 2017
Source : kasapafmonline.com
2017-08-14
President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo
President Akufo-Addo has emphasized that his government is working in earnest to create ways for industries to thrive and become a major source of jobs , economic growth and prosperity .
According to him , the government has exciting menus of new business opportunities that will create a buoyant economy under his regime .
The agenda of the Akufo-Addo government industrial transformation is anchored on building the competitiveness of existing local industries by facilitating access to medium and long term financing at low-interest rates , as well as implementing the 1-district-1-factory initiative that is designed to bring industrialization to the doorsteps of the people .
Speaking at the opening of the government 's National Policy Summit in the capital , Accra , Mr Akufo-Addo said it was regrettable that the industrial sector suffered one of the most significant setbacks in history over the past few years .
He said : “ A significant number of Small , Medium and Large Scale operators were all brought to their knees as a result of the four years of dumsor induced by the mismanagement of the Energy sector . ”
According to ISSER , Dumsor cost the country USD 618 million in economic activities in 2014 alone equivalent to 2 % of GDP .
Thus the four years of Dumsor cumulatively led to a loss of more than $ 3billion in economic activities and in the process scores of Ghanaians lost their jobs .
Uber 's Search for a New CEO Is a Bumpy Ride
Getting rid of Travis Kalanick may have been hard for Uber 's investors and board of directors . But replacing him could prove harder .
As the company 's board inches ahead in its search for a new chief executive to run the embattled ride-hailing company , candidates are dropping out before they 've even met with every board member . Kalanick himself is rumored to be angling for a return , and some investors question whether any candidate could fill its departed leader 's shoes .
In other words , this is not a typical job opening .
`` They 're trying to hire someone for two very different roles , '' said Bradley Tusk , an early investor in Uber who is not involved with the board 's CEO search .
The company needs a leader who can implement the recommendations of a report by former U.S. Atty . Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr. to change Uber 's culture of bullying and harassment , secure deals and eventually lead the firm to an initial public offering . It takes `` one type of manager , '' Tusk said , to get that job done .
On top of that , Tusk said , the incoming CEO must fill the void that Kalanick supporters believe he left -- that of a tenacious visionary who can help Uber grow into a company that competes with the likes of Apple , Google , and Amazon .
`` And that 's a very different kind of person , '' Tusk said .
The candidates whose names have been floated -- such as Hewlett Packard Enterprise CEO Meg Whitman and departing GE chief Jeff Immelt -- fall into the first category of manager , thanks to their experience running large legacy businesses . People with knowledge of the matter said that Whitman , who has start-up experience from her time at EBay , was viewed as a promising candidate , but she announced on Twitter last week that she was not considering the role . Recode reported that she had not yet met in person with every board member at the time of her announcement .
Immelt is still believed to be in the running .
Uber declined to comment on the process of hiring a new CEO .
The difficulty of the board 's CEO search has been compounded by internal disagreements .
The company 's board currently consists of Kalanick , Uber co-founder Garrett Camp , Uber executive Ryan Graves , media entrepreneur Arianna Huffington , Nestle executive Wan Ling Martello , TPG Capital 's David Trujillo , Yasir bin Othman Al-Rumayyan of the Saudi Arabia public investment fund , Didi Chuxing 's Cheng Wei and Benchmark 's Matt Cohler . Huffington has been a longtime supporter of Kalanick , but Benchmark led the charge in pressuring Kalanick to resign . It is unclear which candidates the board currently favors .
As the board of directors continues its search , sources close to Kalanick have said the Uber co-founder , who resigned in June after mounting pressure from investors , wants to come back and run the show . Recode reported Sunday that Kalanick had told several people that he was `` Steve Jobs-ing it , '' a reference to the Apple co-founder who was fired from his role as CEO , only to return years later to lead the company to global dominance .
Kalanick did not respond to a request for comment .
The appointment of a new CEO is an opportunity for Uber to signal to investors , employees , drivers and consumers that , after spending the last eight months embroiled in political and legal controversy , it is turning over a new leaf .
After developing a well-earned reputation as a combative and competitive company that is hostile toward women , the company has tried to make amends . In addition to firing employees who were found to have contributed to the company 's toxic culture , accepting Kalanick 's resignation and bringing on high-profile women executives such as Bozoma Saint John from Apple and Frances Frei of Harvard University , the company launched an initiative to curry favor with drivers , who have long felt that the company under Kalanick 's leadership did n't listen to them .
Even if Kalanick could somehow tip the vote in his favor , reinstalling him as chief executive any time soon would undermine the company 's messaging that it is changing its ways , one investor said .
The fact that Kalanick was such an overpowering force within Uber when he was its CEO could also make him a tough act to follow , according business and branding experts .
`` It 's almost like the first boyfriend or girlfriend you get after a breakup , '' said Andrew Gilman , president of crisis communications firm Commcore Consulting Group . `` Whoever comes in , there 's a chance they 'll be fabulously successful , but there 's a better chance they 'll be the rebound , where they 'll have to go through one CEO before they get a really good one . ''
A `` really good one , '' in the eyes of investors , is someone with Kalanick 's vision combined with the temperament and experience of the Whitmans of the world . If Uber could only have one , though , business experts such as Brent Goldfarb , an associate professor of entrepreneurship and strategy at the University of Maryland , believe it 'd be wise to prioritize responsibility before ingenuity .
`` They need a grown-up , '' Goldfarb said . `` They need someone who can cut operations that are n't working , make a rational call on the autonomous strategy , has the strength and emotional wits to reset the company culture , and push this through relentlessly . ''
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : Uber , iStock .
May Interest You :
New cars come equipped with safety systems . But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old ? No worries ... There are plenty of car safety features that are available , affordably , for ALL cars , not just new ones . See products that are available for YOUR car at : Make My Car Safe , the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
STARKVILLE , Miss . — Accomplishments have been aplenty for Mississippi State point guard Morgan William .
Fresh off of her winning shot against No . 1 UConn in the Final Four , William walked across the stage at Humphrey Coliseum on Friday and graduated .
William was back on the court Sunday to help the Bulldogs rout Little Rock 86-48 . The senior scored a season-high 16 points .
“ Coach Schaefer has talked about me being more offensive . I 've been trying to score when I 'm open because it 's disrespectful not to guard me , ” William said . “ The first couple of games I was content in passing the ball but now I 'm looking to do both . If they leave me open I have to knock down shots . ”
Teaira McCowan added 13 points and 11 rebounds , and Victoria Vivians had 12 points and 10 rebounds . The Bulldogs ( 9-0 ) have won 31 straight regular-season nonconference games and 30 nonconference home games in a row .
Monique Townson and Kyra Collier each had 11 points for Little Rock ( 3-6 ) , and Teal Battle added 10 .
Mississippi State outscored Little Rock 25-2 in the third quarter , holding the Trojans without a field goal for the final 9 minutes .
That came after the Bulldogs held a comfortable 43-28 lead but Schaefer was n't satisfied . He had a message for his team that did n't involve X 's and O 's .
“ I did n't draw anything on the board . Everything I talked about had to do with their heart , ” Schaefer said . “ When you hold somebody to two points in the third quarter , that 's how it 's supposed to be . I was really proud of how my kids played in the third quarter . ”
The second half belonged to Mississippi State as they would run out to as much as a 42-point lead and cleared the bench to allow 12 difference players to get on the floor with 11 of them hitting the scoring column .
The Trojans ( 3-6 ) were overmatched in every area of the game , being outrebounded 44-28 and turning the ball over 20 times . Mississippi State turned that into 25 points and had 50 points in the paint .
UP NEXT
Little Rock : At Kansas State on Saturday .
Mississippi State : Hosts No . 9 Oregon on Wednesday night .
Original
Originals / Um , Actually : the Game Show of Nerdy Corrections ( Ep . 5 )
The game show that takes all of that completely useless information you have in your head and makes it kinda sorta a little bit useful , for a short period of time .
WACO , Texas — Terry Maston scored a career-high 23 points and Baylor ended a four-game losing streak with an 81-67 victory over Iowa State on Saturday night .
The lead changed hands eight times before the Bears went on a 15-0 run over a 2:12 span early in the second half . Baylor had three 3-point plays during the spurt , including one that resulted in a five-point trip after Iowa State coach Steve Prohm was hit with a technical foul .
“ We wanted to come out and you want to get the crowd going , and we wanted to get some momentum , ” Baylor coach Scott Drew said . “ We were able to get some separation and get the crowd into the game . That really helps , especially with the zone and different things like that , because now they 're trying to score quicker and it 's harder to score quicker against ( the zone ) . ”
Baylor ( 13-10 , 3-7 Big 12 Conference ) led 51-38 at that point and the Cyclones never got closer than eight the rest of the way .
“ When we went into halftime they told us to be very aggressive and take the ball to the basket , ” said Maston , who was 9-of-11 shooting . “ I know I was shooting a couple of fadeaway jumpers , and they told me to get in there and basically force my will into the paint and get easy buckets . So that 's what I did , and it ended up working out great . ”
Manu Lecomte added 14 points for the Bears , who won despite shooting 2 for 14 from 3-point range . Baylor made up for that with a 43-35 edge in rebounds and 52-28 in points in the paint . The Bears shot 62 per cent in the second half and 50 per cent for the game .
Jo Lual-Acuil Jr. added 10 points and 14 rebounds for Baylor .
“ I think it was just determination . We knew coming into the game we had to win , ” Lual-Acuil said . “ T.J . ( Maston ) did a great job playing with energy and we did n't want to leave here without a win . ”
Donovan Jackson had 15 points to lead Iowa State ( 12-10 , 3-7 ) . Cameron Lard and Lindell Wigginton scored 14 points apiece . All of Wigginton 's came in the first half , and he led the Cyclones with eight assists .
“ From the first play of the second half , they get a layup to start the second half on just a drive , ” Prohm said . “ It was drive , drive , drive , and then it was post feed , post feed , post feed . Then we got sped up on offence , but also , too , we got the ball at the middle of the paint , 10-12 feet at times . You 've got to make those plays , and we collapsed defensively . ”
Iowa State was 9 for 20 from 3-point range ( 45 per cent ) , but shot 34 per cent overall .
BIG PICTURE
Iowa State : The Cyclones fell to 0-5 on the road in the Big 12 , thanks in large part to inconsistency . Jackson only had two points in the first half before finding his shot in the second , while Wigginton was 0 for 7 after halftime .
Baylor : With shots not falling from the outside , the Baylor guards were aggressive going to the basket . Lecomte missed all six of his 3-point tries , but scored two of Baylor 's 3-point plays during the game-deciding spurt . Jake Lindsey and King McClure got high-percentage shots to combine for 17 points on 6-for-9 shooting .
ZONE STOPS WIGGINTON COLD
Wigginton scored 30 points against Baylor in the first meeting between the teams , a 75-65 win on Jan. 13 in Ames , Iowa . He appeared to be headed toward another big game at halftime , but Baylor switched its looks and took him out of the game .
Prohm said the zone had an effect , but some of the problem was Wigginton 's shot simply not falling .
“ How many times did he shoot an open 15-foot jump shot ? We ran high-ball . We changed our action because they had guarded our other action a different way , ” Prohm said . “ They were giving up the roll . We got it once or twice , but he 's coming off and I 'm going to live with that . ”
UP NEXT
Iowa State finishes a two-game road trip on Wednesday when it meets No . 10 Texas Tech , which is tied for first in the Big 12 .
Baylor is on the road against Oklahoma State on Tuesday .
2018 Cranial Fixation Systems Research Report On Global Market – Criticism of Technology
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) — Golden State forward Andre Iguodala will be out for Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday night as he recovers from a bone bruise in his left knee that cost him the final four games of the Western Conference finals .
The Warriors said Iguodala , who was injured in Game 3 against the Rockets on May 20 , was evaluated Tuesday and is making progress but still has the bruise and inflammation of the nerve surrounding his knee . Coach Steve Kerr has said Iguodala would n't play until he can run without pain . He will be re-evaluated ahead of Sunday 's Game 2 .
Kevin Love 's status for Cleveland remained unclear as he went through the concussion protocol after he was injured in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference finals against Boston . He was n't scheduled to attend media day Wednesday at Oracle Arena , where the Warriors host the series opener .
___
More AP NBA : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Authorities on Monday snapped the internet services in Kashmir in view of the ongoing protests in the Valley following the bypolls . The Jammu and Kashmir police directed the telecom companies to shut their 3G and 4G internet services in the valley to maintain the law and order situation .
“ Internet facilities on all appliances in the valley have been shut , ” an official said .
The official further added that the ban was imposed to prevent the uploading of pictures and videos from the protests .
The decision came after a video of a man tied to an army jeep in Budgam district went viral on social media .
On Monday , students clashed with police in Srinagar , Bandipora , Baramulla , Anantnag , Pulwama , Kupwara , Kulgam and Shopian districts .
The students had called for protests against Saturday 's incident in Pulwama town in which over 50 students were injured in fighting with security forces after objecting to the setting up of a security post outside the college .
Security forces had entered the Pulwama College on Saturday .
Students of SP College in Srinagar blocked the Maulana Azad Road on Monday as police used tear smoke in a bid to clear it .
The students resorted to massive stone pelting at the police , resulting in injuries to the Station House Officer of Kothibagh police station and two of his guards . Three students were also injured in the clashes .
ALAMEDA , Calif. — Jon Gruden yelled out instructions , called out plays and ran an NFL practice for the first time since leaving coaching nearly a decade ago in Tampa Bay .
This was the day Gruden had been waiting for ever since he was hired for a second stint as Oakland Raiders coach .
The Raiders opened their first voluntary minicamp under Gruden on Tuesday with optimism that a change in coach can alter the fortunes of a team coming off a down season .
“ The practice field has always been a laboratory for a coach , ” Gruden said . “ That 's where we earn our pay . We have to develop this team . We have to learn a lot about them quickly . We have a lot of things to teach , a lot of things to improve . It was fun to be out there . I do n't want to be too deep or philosophical or I might start crying . ”
While only the first 30 minutes of practice were open to the media , there was a different vibe than in previous years with Gruden 's loud voice replacing music as the soundtrack on the field .
There were even large video boards on the field , allowing players to watch replays of practice plays immediately after they happened to make corrections more quickly . Gruden said that was something his first saw watching Jim Harbaugh 's practices at Michigan and adopted it himself .
Gruden viewed this minicamp as an examination to see how well the players have learned the plays and system in meeting rooms the past two weeks . Gruden said he tried to throw a few extra wrinkles at quarterback Derek Carr and was pleased with how he responded .
“ He threw everything at me , ” Carr said . “ He tried to get me to see if I was listening to him in the meetings . We had a lot of fun doing that . It 's always fun to accept his challenge and hopefully do good at it and look at him or wink at him or something like that . We have fun together because we both have the same goal of putting the ship in the water and hitting this thing running . ”
Gruden takes over a team that fell from 12 wins in 2016 to just six last season , leading to the firing of coach Jack Del Rio and a second stint for Gruden in Oakland . The Raiders ' facility looks far different than it did during Gruden 's first tenure from 1998-2001 with a workout centre that Del Rio initiated and new fields .
The team needs plenty of work after last year 's disappointment .
The Raiders had major drops in scoring ( 26 to 18.8 ) , yards per game ( 373.3 to 324.1 ) and committed twice as many turnovers ( 14 to 28 ) this past season as Carr took a major step back in his development while dealing with a back injury for part of the season .
But Gruden sees great potential that Carr can get back to the level he was in 2016 when his play helped earn him a $ 125 million , five-year extension in the off-season .
“ I got really excited out there today , ” Gruden said . “ You can have a really creative imagination with that guy at the quarterback position . He can make every throw . It comes out of his hand fast and accurate . He 's mobile and sharp . He 's a great leader . ”
The defence became the first in NFL history to fail to record an interception in the first 10 games of the season and generated only 14 takeaways all season compared to 30 in 2016 .
The Raiders have brought in more than 20 free agents this off-season as Gruden has tried to put his own imprint on the team with one of the most significant moves being the signing of receiver Jordy Nelson to replace Michael Crabtree , who was released to make room .
But there are also some key pieces missing , most notably 2016 AP Defensive Player of the Year Khalil Mack , who is not participating in the off-season program while seeking a long-term contract before he can become a free agent next off-season .
Starting left tackle Donald Penn is still recovering from foot surgery and last year 's top two draft picks , cornerback Gareon Conley ( shin ) and safety Obi Melifonwu ( hip ) , are n't taking part in team drills .
——
More AP NFL : https : //pro32.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP–NFL
Lloyd Blankfein , the chief executive of Goldman Sachs , posted a cryptic message on Twitter , quoting Abraham Lincoln .
Tim Cook , the chief executive of Apple , also posted a statement opposing white supremacy and racism .
And at least one other chief executive — albeit of a foreign company — came to Mr. Frazier 's defense . Paul Polman , the chief executive of Unilever , signaled his support for the Merck boss on Twitter .
General Electric said in a statement that it “ has no tolerance for hate , bigotry or racism , ” but added that its chairman and recently-retired chief executive , Jeff Immelt , will remain on the manufacturing council from which Mr. Frazier resigned .
The chief executive of Intel , Brian Krzanich , who is a member of one of the president 's advisory councils , said , “ There should be no hesitation in condemning hate speech or white supremacy by name , ” and urged the nation 's leaders to do so .
Kevin Plank , Under Armour 's chief executive , who is also on one of the advisory councils , issued a statement denouncing racism and discrimination . He stopped short of criticizing the president or his comments about Mr. Frazier .
With the exception of Mr. Frazier , no other major business leaders were explicitly distancing themselves from the president 's advisory councils , or criticizing his response to the events in Charlottesville . Both Republican and Democratic lawmakers criticized the president 's response , which some viewed as muted and equivocal .
But Richard Trumka , the president of AFL-CIO labor federation who is a member of Mr. Trump 's manufacturing council , said Monday afternoon that the organization was “ assessing our role ” with the group .
“ The AFL-CIO has unequivocally denounced the actions of bigoted domestic terrorists in Charlottesville and called on the president to do the same , ” the statement said . “ We are aware of the decisions of other members of the president 's manufacturing council , which has yet to hold any real meeting , and are assessing our role . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Tom Glocer , the former chief executive of Thomson Reuters , offered his support for Mr. Frazier on Twitter and called for other chief executives to step down from the president 's advisory councils . “ Ken has stood up for true American values , ” he said .
This is not the first time the president 's actions have caused a chief executive to walk away from a seat on one of his advisory councils .
In February , as Mr. Trump began to implement stringent new immigration rules , Travis Kalanick , then the chief executive of Uber Technologies , left the president 's economic advisory council .
And after President Trump said he would withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord , Elon Musk , Tesla 's chief , and Robert Iger , Disney 's chief , stepped down from the President 's Strategic and Policy Forum .
Even after Mr. Musk and Mr. Iger walked away in the wake of the president 's withdrawal from the Paris agreement , most other chief executives stuck with President Trump .
Today , the same dynamic appears to be playing out .
Photo
Many of the worst effects of the tax bill President Trump signed in December could take years to emerge . But the damage to the federal tax credit program that finances nearly all affordable housing built in America is already painfully evident . Unless Congress rescues this crucial program , a quarter million fewer affordable units will be built over the next 10 years , deepening an already serious crisis .
The federal low-income housing tax credit , created in 1986 , allows companies to reduce their tax liabilities by investing in housing for some of the nation 's neediest families and individuals , many of them seniors , veterans and people with disabilities . The program has produced roughly three million rental units since its inception , but has fallen far short of the growing demand for affordable housing .
For example , a 2017 report from Harvard 's Joint Center for Housing Studies shows that about 11 million families — or about a quarter of all renters in the United States — spend more than half of their incomes on housing . These families often have to choose between making rent and paying for essentials like food , child care and health care , and many are just one financial emergency away from eviction .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday , get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists , the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world . Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The pressure on low-income renters has worsened for other reasons as well . In recent years , higher-income people who once would have bought homes have turned to renting , driving up housing costs for poor and working-class families . The declining value of low-income housing tax credits will make all of this worse . It started last year , when President Trump and congressional Republicans made clear that they intended to dramatically lower the corporate tax rate , giving companies less reason to worry about tax liabilities .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The impact of lowering the corporate tax rate was especially evident in expensive housing markets like San Francisco . As The Times reported last month , city officials had to plug a financial hole left by the devaluation of tax credits , the decline of which has increased the costs of building affordable housing by about $ 50,000 per unit .
TUNIS , Tunisia — Tunisia 's Interior Ministry says a suspected extremist blew himself up in the Ben Guerdane area near the border with Libya following a standoff with police .
The man 's identity has n't been disclosed . The ministry said in a statement issued Monday that a second suspect was shot during an exchange of fire .
Authorities said the two were members of Jund al-Khilafa , an armed group which has pledged allegiance to the Islamic State .
Tunisia 's security forces battled armed groups that attacked security and military sites in Ben Guerdane two years ago with the alleged goal of creating an emirate . Some of the groups crossed over from Libya .
Tunisian security forces killed more than 50 alleged attackers . More than a dozen officers and seven civilians also died .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) — The suspect in the random killing of a retiree posted on Facebook made his living mentoring teens in Cleveland , but his life appeared to be unraveling under the weight of gambling debts and trouble with his girlfriend .
Rambling videos he shared showed his despair , saying he was out of options and wanted to kill as many innocent people as he could .
While authorities have not found any evidence that he killed anyone else , the manhunt for Steve Stephens stretched into a third day on Tuesday and far beyond the neighborhood where police said he shot a 74-year-old man who was picking up aluminum cans on Sunday after spending Easter with some of his children .
Stephens , 37 , could be anywhere , authorities said , calling it a nationwide search . A $ 50,000 reward is being offered for information leading to his capture and prosecution .
Stephens posted a video of himself killing Robert Godwin Sr. , a former foundry worker who had 10 children , police said . In it , he said , `` I snapped , I just snapped . '' But police would not speculate on what was behind it .
`` Only Steve knows that , '' Williams said .
In the video , Stephens told Godwin a woman 's name and said , `` She 's the reason that this is about to happen to you . '' Godwin did not seem to recognize the name .
The woman Stephens spoke of , Joy Lane , said in a text message to CBS that `` we had been in a relationship for several years . I am sorry that all of this has happened . ''
She also said Stephens was `` a nice guy '' who was good to her and her children .
Stephens filed for bankruptcy two years ago despite holding down a job as a counselor helping young people develop job skills and find employment . The behavioral health agency where he worked said an extensive background check before he was hired turned up nothing worrisome .
In one video posted on Facebook , Stephens said that he gambled away everything and that he and his girlfriend had planned to marry but did not , without saying why . He blamed her for what was about to happen .
Some friends said they knew about his gambling . But the videos showed a man they did not recognize .
Alexis Lee , who saw Stephens last week , said his childhood friend always seemed respectful and got along with everybody .
`` He never ever told me he had problems or issues . It was always good things , '' Lee said . `` He was always just so happy and cool , calm , collected , like , that 's why it 's so shocking . ''
Other neighbors said he was quiet as a kid and intelligent , recalling how he went to college and got a master 's degree .
`` He was just a no problem person at all , compared to a lot of people , '' said Cynthia Coley , a former neighbor .
In one video in which he blamed his girlfriend , Stephens said he woke up last week and `` could n't take it anymore . ''
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens , despite his claim on Facebook that he killed over a dozen people .
On Monday evening , Facebook announced that it was launching a review for reporting harmful content following the killing . The company said that Stephens posted a video of himself announcing his intent to commit murder , then two minutes later posted another video of himself shooting and killing Godwin . A few minutes after that , he went live and confessed .
The company said it disabled Stephen 's account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the video of the fatal shooting and two hours after receiving any report .
`` In this case we did not receive a report about the first video , and we only received a report about the second video — containing the shooting — more than an hour and 45 minutes after it was posted , '' said Justin Osofsky , Facebook 's vice president of global operations . `` We received reports about the third video , containing the man 's live confession , only after it had ended . ''
Officers searched dozens of places around Cleveland without finding Stephens or any other victims before expanding the manhunt . Detectives spoke with the suspect on Sunday by cellphone and tried to persuade him to surrender , police said .
Law enforcement officials said his cellphone was last tracked Sunday afternoon in Erie , Pennsylvania , about 100 miles ( 160 kilometers ) east of Cleveland . Police in Philadelphia said eight elementary schools and a high school were locked down Monday while they investigated reported sightings but found nothing .
___
Associated Press reporters Dake Kang and Delano Massey in Cleveland and John Seewer in Toledo contributed to this report .
TORONTO — Victor Vazquez was in the middle of a post-game interview when teammate Armando Cooper gleefully upended a bottle of beer over the Spaniard 's head .
Vazquez was Toronto FC 's key off-season acquisition last spring , the team 's missing piece after its loss to the Seattle Sounders in last year 's MLS Cup Final .
But the 30-year-old said he never dreamed his season would culminate in a celebratory , booze-drenched locker-room — the end of an historic season , and a 2-0 victory over Seattle in the Final .
“ For sure no , ” Vazquez said , after pausing to wipe the beer from his eyes . “ Of course you want to come to a team that you can win everything , and that 's why I came here . And now we are celebrating the treble ( Voyageurs Cup as Canadian champions , Supporters ' Shield for the best regular-season record , and MLS Cup Final ) .
“ I think it 's a huge thing that we did . ”
Toronto acquired Vazquez last February to add creativity and offence to its midfield , and he 's lived up to his billing . Saturday , he contributed to Jozy Altidore 's goal and then added his own in stoppage time .
“ Victor was all over the field tonight , ” said teammate Drew Moor . “ He just kept popping up in those areas where he had five or six yards and when you give him that much space on the ball and time , he 's going to pick out a good pass . He 's been a beast all season . ”
Altidore 's goal in the 67th came after some pretty tic-tac-toe passing out of their own by Toronto . Vazquez passed to Sebastian Giovinco who passed to Altidore .
“ We are close , Seba , Jozy and myself , we have the quality , then we can change the game in two seconds , ” Vazquez said . “ And we did it again . . . we show every game , we 're the best team in MLS . ”
Vazquez squashed any final hope for the Sounders and their 2,000 travelling fans when he pounced on a rebound after a Cooper shot hit the goalpost .
“ It was an easy goal , ” Vazquez shrugged . “ Seba and Armando did most of the action , Armando did an amazing one-two with Seba , hit the post and came back to me and I scored . And then the game was over . ”
Vazquez took a circuitous route to Major League Soccer . He worked his way up the youth ranks of Barcelona alongside Lionel Messi before being sidelined by a couple of knee surgeries . He made his senior debut for Barcelona on April 12 , 2008 , and scored off the bench in a Champions League win over Rubin Kazan in his final Barça appearance on Dec. 7 , 2010 . But he made just four senior team appearances , and spent five seasons in the reserves .
His right forearm tattoo — it reads “ The Strongest Survive ” — is about that journey , he said .
“ It means all ( about ) my past and my career . It was a hard moment for me when I get injured , and today it came , everything back to me , ” said Vazquez — a teammate jokingly offered to translate the Spaniard 's English . “ I have to be happy , the team that we have is amazing . ”
Vazquez had 16 assists during the regular-season to finish second in MLS . He had eight goals in the regular season and three in the playoffs .
“ I do my job . I try to help my teammates , I do n't play for myself , ” Vazquez said . “ I like to do always the best for my team , to give an assist , to try to score and to ( leave on the field ) everything that I have inside myself , for Toronto . I hope I can be here more years , because this made me so happy , to win these kinds of things here . ”
Adele shut out Beyoncé at the Grammy Awards last night , and even Adele thinks it was colossally unfair . After a year like the one Beyoncé just had , it should have been her moment to shine . But it 's not like anyone thinks Adele is untalented , and there 's one gig she 's better suited for than just about anyone else : Grammys host .
Adele is the rare superstar who also seems like a genuine , more or less in-touch person . Her stage presence does n't feel practiced . Her frank sense of humor appears to bubble up from her actual personality , instead of being generated from a prompter . ( Remember when she pretended to be a nervous Adele impersonator ? ) She 's also one of the most-awarded Grammy honorees ever—just the figure to make a legacy ceremony feel fun and current .
She 'll almost surely flub something big , like her George Michael tribute , but what 's the fun of high-stakes live television if not to see stars unfiltered ? Last night , we were treated to noted carpool dad and wet macaroni noodle James Corden rapping his monologue and creating uncomfortable sexual innuendo about his parents . Adele cracked a joke about her dad , too—by letting the entire Grammys audience know they 're estranged .
Adele does n't give a fuck , and like the world 's sweetest shock jock , she says “ fuck ” constantly . They 'll have to bleep her every other sentence , but if another influential , mega-talented black artist loses to the white pop star who outsold them , Adele will be right there to say , “ What the fuck ? ” directly into the camera .
Bonus : think how many times we 'd get to hear “ Fank you ” :
Adele should host the Grammys .
Romelu Lukaku insists he has a perfect relationship with Jose Mourinho but disputed the Manchester United boss ' assertion he declared himself unfit to start the FA Cup final defeat to Chelsea .
Lukaku is preparing for Belgium 's World Cup campaign following a frustrating end to a largely impressive debut season at Old Trafford .
Following his £75million arrival from Everton , the 25-year-old scored 27 goals in all competitions before sustaining an ankle injury against Arsenal .
It ruled Lukaku out of United 's final three Premier League matches of the campaign and he was introduced as a late substitute at Wembley , where United were unable to cancel out Eden Hazard 's first-half penalty and subsided to a 1-0 loss .
`` When a player tells you he is not ready to play , when the player tells you he is not ready to start the game , then the question is how many minutes you think he can , '' Mourinho said afterwards .
`` But how can I convince a player who tells me he is not ready to play ? That makes no sense . ''
Speaking at a news conference from Belgium 's pre-World Cup training camp , Lukaku presented an alternative version of events where Mourinho had the casting vote after the pair discussed his fitness struggles in training .
`` I did n't look good in training at all . So it was a difficult situation , '' he said .
`` Obviously , me and the manager had a conversation and he 's the one that made decision .
`` But at the end of the day we had a conversation after the game where we were both disappointed that we lost . ''
With no bad blood to speak of , Lukaku is relishing the post-World Cup challenge of mounting a fresh assault on Manchester City , who finished 19 points ahead of United as champions this time around .
`` For me it 's always down to work , '' he said . `` I know I have some talent , but for me it 's about the work I do every day with my club . I try to improve myself every day and to learn from my past matches .
`` I think for myself individually it was a good season but as a team we did n't win anything . That 's what hurts . But that 's something that we 're going to try and change next season .
`` I 'm looking forward to seeing our squad with a few reinforcements next season , and to try and win the league and other trophies too . ''
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) — LeBron James had 25 points , 14 assists and eight rebounds to turn back a charge from Andrew Wiggins and help the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 116-108 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday night .
Channing Frye had 21 points and 10 rebounds while starting for All-Star Kevin Love , who will miss at least the next six weeks after having surgery on his left knee . Kyre Irving scored 25 points for the Cavs and James sealed the victory with a stepback 3-pointer with two minutes to play .
Wiggins scored 41 points against the team that drafted him and Karl-Anthony Towns scored 26 for the Wolves , who finished a six-game homestand at 2-4 . The Wolves allowed Cleveland to shoot 51 percent and hit 13 3s .
Comments
comments
By Jason Keidel
The Dallas Cowboys and Green Bay Packers have felt historically fused for about 60 years . And , oddly enough , it started in New York City .
For those who do n't obsess over NFL history , Tom Landry and Vince Lombardi were once assistant coaches for the New York Giants . And , through some act of epic ineptitude , the Giants hired neither as its head coach .
Landry became the Cowboys ' patriarch , while Lombardi became a football deity in Green Bay . Both clubs flourished while the Giants sunk into a 20-year funk . Ever since then , the Cowboys and Packers have played some of the most iconic games in NFL history , from the Ice Bowl to the spellbinding playoff game in Dallas last January , which the Packers won on a last-second field goal .
> > WATCH : The NFL on CBS All Access – Try It Free
The Cowboys and Packers have given the NFL a sprawling reel of essential highlights and a roll call of Hall-of-Famers . And so it 's no wonder that their meeting in Dallas on Sunday is all but the stand-alone game of the week .
The Packers ( 3-1 ) are pretty much where we expect them , around the rungs of contention , sure to either win the NFC North or at least make the playoffs as a wild card . The Cowboys ( 2-2 ) shocked the football world last year , with their breakout rookie tandem of Dak Prescott and Ezekiel Elliott , going 13-3 in 2016 . And though they were expected to be much the same this year , it has n't stuck to script just yet .
With all due respect to Clay Mathews , Jordy Nelson , and the few stars who freckle the roster , the Packers are a bunch of guys and Aaron Rodgers . Injuries have so plagued the Packers that they have lost their top five offensive tackles , have a revolving door at running back and , more than ever , are relying on Rodgers ' singular wizardry to win them games .
And it 's becoming more common to echo what I 've asserted for a few years — Tom Brady , great as he is and clearly the most accomplished QB of all time , is not the best QB of all time . That would be Aaron Rodgers . Even Shannon Sharpe recently joined the growing chorus , declaring that No . 12 is the best thrower of the football who has ever lived .
> > MORE : Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
But since we assign championships — the ultimate team accomplishment — to individual players , we see Super Bowls as the only metric for QB merit . Give Aaron Rodgers the Cowboys ' offensive line and Zeke Elliott , and watch what happens .
If the Cowboys had the identical offensive line , of course . They still have a plethora of Pro Bowl linemen . But the injury , free agent , and retirement bugs have wide wings , from Wisconsin and Texas . The Cowboys are n't quite the same dominant club without two linemen — Ronald Leary , who signed with the Denver Broncos , and Doug Free , who retired .
Indeed , the Cowboys were the emblem of offensive balance last year . Though they led the league in rushing last year , it was flawlessly blended , running the ball on 48.7 percent of their snaps . They were sixth in yards per drive in 2016 , as well as fourth in points per drive , But in 2017 , they are 15th and 17th , respectively . Considering they have the same skill-position players , the answers or explanations can directly be derived from the line .
And it speaks to a staggering difference in scoring differential . Last year , the Cowboys outscored their opponents by 115 points , third-best in the NFL , behind only the two Super Bowl clubs ( Patriots , Falcons ) . This year , they 've scored 94 points while surrendering 97 .
On defense , the Cowboys rank 20th against the pass — surrendering 231.6 yards per game — which does n't bode well with Mr. Rodgers strolling into town , injuries or not . So Dallas must rely on their two strengths . First , feed the ball incessantly to Elliott , and then get to Rodgers . Despite their poor pass defense , Dallas does have 12 sacks , tied for third most in the NFL .
And they should be fueled by two emotional factors . They are at home , before their frothing fans . And considering their loss at home to the Packers in the playoffs last year , they should play with a serious sense of payback .
Defense travels well , and the Packers are fifth against the pass ( 188.5 yards per game ) , though only 14th against the run ( 111.1 yards per game ) . So the Cowboys should find some space on the ground . What also travels well is having a quarterback with the best arm , feet , and awareness on the planet . If this game feels like it 's framed as the Cowboys vs Aaron Rodgers , it 's not exactly fair or right . But it 's not unreasonable . Feels like last year , when Aaron Rodgers pretty much beat the ‘ Boys by himself , with a few boots from Mason Crosby .
Either way , while it 's not the only game this week , it is the game of the week .
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports . He is a native New Yorker , sans the elitist sensibilities , and believes there 's a world west of the Hudson River . A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie , he has been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s . He has written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY , and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York . He made his bones as a boxing writer , occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas , Atlantic City , but mostly inside Madison Square Garden . Follow him on Twitter @ JasonKeidel .
NASHVILLE — Abdul Lewis and Anthony Tarke scored 27 each on Saturday and NJIT closed the game with 14 straight points for an 81-77 win over Lipscomb .
Lewis set a career high in points and grabbed 13 rebounds for the Highlanders ( 12-12 , 5-4 Atlantic Sun ) . Tarke tied a career high and made 5 of 10 from 3-point range .
NJIT trailed 77-67 when Tarke hit a 3-pointer with three minutes left to spark the game-ending run . Lewis fed Shyquan Gibbs for a layup on the next trip down the court and finished his own 3-point play on the next to cut the deficit to two .
Lewis drew a charging call that fouled out Garrison Mathews , Lipscomb 's leading scorer , with 1:06 left and he kicked it out to Tarke for the go-ahead 3 that made it 78-77 with 51 seconds left .
Tarke made 1 of 2 free throws with 19 seconds left and Lipscomb hurried it up the court where Kenny Cooper missed a runner and a putback .
Zach Cooks made both free throws with seven seconds left to secure it for the Highlanders .
Mathews had 28 points to lead the Bisons ( 15-9 , 5-4 ) .
An angry father rushed at Larry Nassar at the beginning of court Friday and had to be tackled by deputies . Nassar was in court for his third and final sentencing hearing .
A week before Ontario residents head to the polls , the three main party leaders are looking for votes across the southern regions of the province today .
Liberal Leader Kathleen Wynne takes her campaign to eastern Ontario , making an announcement in Orleans , visiting a cheese factory in St-Albert , and attending an evening barbecue in Belleville .
NDP Leader Andrea Horwath is stumping for votes in the GTA , where she 's scheduled an announcement and a campaign event in Toronto , before heading to Mississauga tonight where she 'll attend an Iftar dinner .
Progressive Conservative Leader Doug Ford 's schedule has him in the southwest for a morning announcement in London and an evening rally in Windsor .
After vowing for weeks to deliver a fully costed platform , the Tories quietly released a compilation of their campaign promises on Wednesday without saying how they would pay for them . Ford has promised to find billions in “ efficiencies ” if his party forms the government after June 7 .
Both Horwath and Wynne heaped scorn on the notion that Wednesday 's release by the Tories was a full plan , with Horwath saying people should know what Ford is going to cut .
Massive Supernova Visible Millions of Light Years from Earth Astronomers have captured the early death throes of a massive star that was torn apart in a violent explosion in a galaxy far from Earth . The star was already 10,000 times brighter than the sun when it collapsed in a supernova that made it shine so intensely it was visible from modern telescopes in orbit and on the ground . Using an observatory on Palomar Mountain near San Diego , California , scientists spotted the brilliant flash of the explosion within three hours of it reaching Earth . They immediately alerted other telescope operators who swiftly turned their instruments on the stellar wreckage . Thought to be a red supergiant more than 10 times the mass of the sun and several hundred times larger , the star detonated in a spiral galaxy named NGC7610 which sits 160m light years away in the constellation of Pegasus . It is the first time that astronomers have measured light from a supernova in its infancy , a feat that Norbert Langer , an astrophysicist at the University of Bonn who was not involved in the study , called “ a remarkable achievement ” . Measurements of the dying star show that it was shrouded in a 10bn-km-thick cloud of gas which formed when material equivalent to a thousand Earths blasted from the surface in the final year of the star 's lifetime . “ Until several years ago , catching a supernova a week after the explosion was regarded as early , ” said Ofer Yaron , an astrophysicist who worked on the data at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel . “ This is not the case any more. ” The first flicker from the stellar explosion was detected on 6 October 2013 by the Intermediate Palomar Transient Factory ( iPTF ) . On seeing the flash , researchers sent an alert to other astronomers to take what recordings they could . One scientist , Dan Perley , used the Keck telescope in Hawaii to analyze light coming from the supernova within six hours of the explosion . Other telescopes joined in , as did NASA 's Swift satellite , which captured x-rays and UV light from the event . The data reveal that the explosion probably came from a red supergiant surrounded by a shell of material which had been ejected from the star over a few hundred days at 100km per second . When the star exploded this shell would have been obliterated as several suns ' worth of matter , including all of the elements forged in the star 's core , blasted outwards at 10,000km ( 6,200 miles ) per second . The observations , reported in Nature Physics , have handed astronomers their best view yet of the most violent events in the universe . In the future , they hope to capture supernova at even earlier stages , within an hour or less of the explosions happening . Astronomers expect one star , on average , to explode in a galaxy every 100 years . But the most recent supernova observed in the Milky Way was spotted in 1604 by Johannes Kepler . Unless stars have been exploding on the far side of the Milky Way -- where the light would be swamped by other stars -- we are long overdue a supernova in our cosmic neighborhood . That would be a boon for astronomers , if unsettling for the rest of us . “ If you ask swimmers in the sea , they do n't want to see sharks . But if you ask divers , that 's all they want to see . It 's the same thing . We all hope there will be a supernova in the Milky Way soon , ” said Yaron . “ As long as it 's not too near. ” Image Credit : IStock . © 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved . Read more on : Supernova , Journal Nature , Physics , Astronomers , Solar System , Black Hole , NASA , Satellite , Milky Way
A map of the conflicts ( below ) helps illustrate the subjects that tend to spark the most activity .
The data also sheds light on who picks these fights and their long term effects . It 's typically `` highly active '' users who start conflicts , but the quieter ones are those who participate . The groups do n't usually interact with each other , though , and tend to stay within their own bubbles . Conflicts can be damaging to a community in the long run . Despite what you 've been told about engaging with trolls , though , fighting back does appear to help -- a subreddit can mitigate the effect of a raid by engaging with the attackers instead of hoping they 'll go away .
This data does n't exist just to satisfy curiosity . The team has developed a deep learning model that can predict conflicts based on those linked posts . Eventually , it could be useful for moderators on Reddit and other internet forums as an `` early-warning system '' that gives them a heads-up when a harassment campaign is imminent . It could also be useful for site operators , for that matter . If Reddit could easily detect and track intercommunity raids , it could quickly clamp down on hostile communities instead of waiting for their next attack .
Brooklyn rapper 6ix9ine has pleaded guilty in his child sex case and now as part of new sentencing proceedings , might face jail time for something entirely unrelated to the details of the disturbing case : failing his GED .
As Jezebel points out , the 21-year-old rapper has struck a new agreement with the court to complete his GED as part of a plea deal . Last week , he admitted that he had n't completed the courses entirely in the past few years . According to Jezebel , 6ix9ine ( real name Daniel Hernandez ) told the judge that he has passed every section of the GED except for science . Judge Felicia Mennin has delayed the proceedings until April 10 , but said that if Hernandez has n't completed the requirements by then , he might end up in prison .
The plea deal follows his three felony counts of “ use of a child in a sexual performance ” in connection with a crime that allegedly took place in February 2015 . The rapper was in a Harlem apartment with a 13 year-old girl performing oral sex on Taquan Anderson ( who was charged separately ) , while Hernandez “ stands behind the child making a thrusting motion with his pelvis and smacking her on her buttocks . ”
In addition to obtaining his GED , the plea deal also includes one year of interim probation , two years of mental health treatment , 300 hours of community service , a prohibition on posting sexually explicit or violent images featuring women or children on social media , and a requirement to write a letter to the victim 's family .
Read Jezebel 's full report here .
FG 's N1trn real estate fund 'll trigger investment opportunities — Ettah
By Nkiruka Nnorom
THE Chairman of Chemical and Allied Products , CAP , Plc , Mr. Larry Ettah , has said that the plan by the Federal Government to roll out N1 trillion real estate fund as part of efforts to develop the infrastructure base of the nation will trigger investment opportunities in the industrial goods sector of the economy .
Ettah who stated this at the company 's Annual General Meeting , AGM , in Lagos , said the plan by the government to commit 31 per cent of the 2017 budget capital expenditure would also boost activity in the building materials , construction and real estate sectors .
He noted that CAP Plc was positioning to leverage on the opportunities proffered by the 2017 budget for the real estate sector to drive growth , adding , “ We will be future-proofing our business by focusing on innovation and expanding local product offerings . We will also pilot colour advisory services to professionals in the building industry to further consolidate our leadership in the industry . ”
Reviewing the company 's operation during the year , he said that a combination of forex scarcity , high cost of funds , rising cost of inputs and downturn in the real estate sector impacted the company 's planned growth during the year . Consequently , the company recorded sales turnover of N6.81 billion , representing three per cent decline over N7.06 billion posted in 2016 , while the operating profit was down 10 per cent to N2.12 billion during the year under review .
The post FG 's N1trn real estate fund 'll trigger investment opportunities — Ettah appeared first on Vanguard News .
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Secretary of Defense James Mattis issued a strong warning to North Korea Monday : `` If they shoot at the United States , I 'm assuming they 've hit the United States . ... If they do that , then it 's game on . ''
`` You do n't shoot at people in this world unless you want to bear the consequences , '' Mattis told reporters at the Pentagon .
Soon after Mattis issued his warning , state-run North Korean media outlet KCNA reported that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un had inspected his military 's plan to launch missiles at Guam and discussed the possibility of a strike with his top commanders .
`` He said that if the planned fire of power demonstration is carried out as the US is going more reckless , it will be the most delightful historic moment when the Hwasong artillerymen will wring the windpipes of the Yankees and point daggers at their necks , underlining the need to be always ready for launching to go into action anytime once our Party decides , '' the report said .
Mattis said that the US military would be able to determine `` within moments '' after launch whether or not a North Korean missile was headed for US territory , including Guam . He later added that the US would `` take it out '' if the missile was determined to be headed for any US territory .
But he also made clear that while the military was poised to protect Guam from the North Korean military threat , a declaration of war was a decision that remains with President Donald Trump and Congress .
`` War is up to the President , perhaps up to the Congress , the bottom line is we will defend the country from an attack , for us that 's war , that 's a wartime situation , '' he said .
`` We will defend the country from any attack , at any time , from any quarter . Yes , that means for a lot of young troops they 're going to be in a wartime situation , welcome to reality . But it 's not declaring war , it 's not that I 'm over here Dr. Strangelove doing things like that , '' he added .
President Trump is due to discuss the crisis with Japanese Prime Minister Abe in a phone call later Monday Washington time .
Mattis ' warning comes as a senior US defense official tells CNN that American spy satellites have observed a mobile missile launcher capable of launching an intermediate range ballistic missile being moved in a way that leads the US military to believe preparations are being made for a possible intermediate ballistic launch .
The official cautioned that at this point it 's not believed to be directly related to the threat issued by North Korea last week to strike the waters near Guam . However , the official did acknowledge that given typical North Korean missile launch cycles , the recent movement does suggest the regime could be readying for a potential launch of a single missile as soon as in 24 to 48 hours if there has been a decision to proceed with a launch .
Several US officials continue to tell CNN that North Korea often moves missiles and launch equipment around , but that such movements do not necessarily mean there has been a decision to conduct an imminent launch .
The official would not say if there was a missile on the launcher at this time .
On Friday , CNN reported that US spy satellites had observed increased activity at the Chamjin missile factory , according to US defense officials . One US defense official told CNN that US intelligence has assessed that a `` probable ballistic missile '' was being readied for shipment based on the activity observed . North Korea monitoring project 38 North reports that the Chamjin factory produces many of the medium , intermediate , and intercontinental ballistic missiles used by the regime .
The US and South Korea will start their Ulchi-Freedom Guardian joint military exercises next week . The drills antagonize the North Koreans , as Pyongyang believes they are preparations for an invasion . Seoul and Washington say the exercises are defensive in nature .
Subscribe to Access this Entire Article
`` A4E gives first anniversary progress report '' is part of ATW Plus , our online premium membership . Subscribing will provide you access to exclusive news , carefully researched airline financial , fleet and traffic data , plus the option to receive our popular , award-winning print magazine . To learn more , click here . If viewing via ATW Mobile , please login and click `` Read web article '' to view fully . Questions ? ATWPlus @ penton.com .
Zambia to introduce aptitude tests for teachers
The announcement has has drawn mixed reactions .
The post Zambia to introduce aptitude tests for teachers appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The scene of the fatal crash north of Tiaro which closed the highway until 10pm .
UPDATE : A police media spokeswoman has confirmed members of a Brisbane family were killed in the crash on the Bruce Highway near Tiaro on Monday afternoon .
The spokeswoman said a 30-year-old woman killed in the crash was driving the vehicle believed to be hit head on in the collision .
The male passenger who died was a 22-year-old .
A 14-year-old boy , who was also travelling in the vehicle , was taken to hospital in a critical condition .
Gympie acting sergeant Jon Roche confirmed two Hervey Bay residents had been airlifted to Royal Brisbane and Women 's Hospital in a serious condition following the crash .
EARLIER : A MAN and woman are dead and four are in hospital after a crash on the Bruce Highway between Gympie and Maryborough marred the final day of the Easter weekend .
Emergency services were called to the multi-vehicle collision 6km north of Tiaro about 3.10pm .
Police confirmed two people were killed . Another was seriously injured .
The head-on crash caused holiday traffic chaos .
QLD Road Fatalities 2001-2016 Explore the map or scroll through widgets to interact with the data
Gympie Police Patrol Group Acting Inspector Paul Algie said it appeared a vehicle had been in the overtaking lane when it veered right , clipping another vehicle before colliding head-on with a third .
`` The driver and passenger of the third vehicle were killed instantly , '' he said .
The highway remained closed until about 10 o'clock last night .
Photos View Photo Gallery
OUR SAY : Easter break ends in 'most tragic way imaginable '
The tragedy caused mass delays as families returned from Easter celebrations .
A Queensland Fire and Emergency Services spokeswoman said fire crews battled two car fires that broke out at the crash site .
Two dead after crash in Tiaro : Acting Inspector Paul Algie addresses the media following the horror smash in Tiaro .
Among those injured was a man in his 20s who was flown to the Princess Alexandra Hospital in a serious condition with pelvic injuries and leg fractures .
A male teenager and a woman aged in her 50s were flown to the Royal Brisbane and Women 's Hospital in a stable condition after they sustained abdominal injuries .
Paramedics confirmed another man was taken to hospital , while four other victims were assessed at the scene but declined further treatment at hospital .
Police were last night urging motorists to delay their travel plans and to avoid the area as the Forensic Crash Unit investigated the incident .
The crash was a horror end to an otherwise fatality-free long weekend .
But Easter traffic clogged the highway from Brisbane to north of the Sunshine Coast .
The Bruce Highway was congested for about 40km from Caboolture to Palmview .
Police said more than 3700 motorists were detected speeding on Easter Sunday including a motorcyclist who was allegedly travelling at 183km/h in a 100km/h zone on the Sunshine ­Motorway .
Police also charged a 25-year-old man with drink- driving after he was allegedly caught with a blood-alcohol concentration of 0.252 per cent at Mornington Island on Sunday night .
TAIPEI ( Taiwan News ) – President Tsai Ing-wen spoke Monday Dec. 11 at an event jointly hosted by the Presidential Office and the National Security Council to discuss the issue of informational security .
In her remarks , President Tsai emphasized the urgent need to improve informational security throughout Taiwanese society . To do this , she outlined a three-pronged strategy for Taiwan moving forward .
The first aspect of the initiative aims to establish a national level bureau or office to act as a security force to ensure the safety of Taiwan 's digital information landscape , and also to manage funding for projects related to online information security .
The second aspect , directly related to the first , is to seek out highly trained and trustworthy experts to constitute Taiwan 's new information security force . President Tsai noted that Taiwan possesses an excellent group of `` White Hat '' hackers that are both highly skilled and motivated to guard Taiwan 's digital space from threats both foreign and domestic .
The third aim of Tsai 's digital security initiative is to invest more heavily in research and development projects , to cultivate talent and create digital solutions that will help to integrate and to secure Taiwan 's online social and industrial infrastructure .
In relation to upgrading the Taiwan 's informational security apparatus , Tsai declared that informational security would henceforth officially be considered an aspect of national security and national defense .
To achieve the goals set out in the strategic initiative , the presidential office announced a four year timeline for the implementation of the new national security measures , according to CNA .
As Taiwan moves forward in the age of a new industrial revolution , and as it aims to become a country full of `` smart cities , '' informational security will be of paramount importance from the central government down to local county and city governments as well .
In light of recent events , the need to bolster Taiwan 's informational security grows increasingly urgent .
The President mentioned several bank ATM hacking events and the occurrence of telecom related fraud in recent years in her address .
But perhaps even more alarming is the recent report that the National Immigration Agency is under investigation for a possible breach in national security .
As a result of a possibly compromised Automated Border Control ( ABC ) system , it has now been reported that the Chinese PLA may have private data as well as biometric data belonging to some Taiwanese citizens , acquired via `` backdoor '' entry into Taiwan 's e-gate system .
( Image : CNA )
' ) ; StatBanner ( 'btw ' , bl ) ; } else { show_ntv_ads ( wrapperElement , bl ) ; } } } function mailru_ads ( data , el ) { if ( data & & data.length > 0 ) { var ban_location = $ ( el ) .attr ( `` ntv-loc '' ) ; var bl = parseInt ( ban_location ) ; if ( bl == 3 & & typeof b240_callback ! == 'undefined ' ) { try { window [ b240_callback ] ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } StatBanner ( 'all ' , bl ) ; } } ( MRGtag = window.MRGtag || [ ] ) .push ( { onNoAds : function ( resp ) { mailru_noAds ( resp ) ; } , onAdsLoaded : function ( data , el ) { mailru_ads ( data , el ) ; } , iframeMode : false } ) ; function StatBanner ( type , place ) { if ( type == 'all ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_mailru_error '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_top '' } ) ; try { reachGoal ( 'banner_error_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'noAds ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_error_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_error_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_ntv_showed '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'btw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_showed '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_showed ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'nobtw ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banners_btw_error '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banners_btw_error ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_top ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_btm ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type3 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'all ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4 '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'banner_show_type4 ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 1 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_top_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 2 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_btm_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 3 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type3_ntv '' } ) ; } if ( type == 'ntv ' & & place == ' 4 ' ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` banner_show_type4_ntv '' } ) ; } } $ ( function ( ) { var o = document.createElement ( 'vid ' + 'eo ' ) ; if ( isFInst & & ( ! o || ! o.canPlayType || ! o.canPlayType ( 'video/mp4 ; codecs= '' avc1.640029 , mp4a.40.2 '' ' ) ) ) { var _tmr = window._tmr || ( window._tmr = [ ] ) ; _tmr.push ( { id : `` 916045 '' , type : `` reachGoal '' , goal : `` html5_media_support '' } ) ; try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal ( 'html5_media_support ' ) ; } catch ( e ) { } } } ) ; // -- >
