In a few months , AOL Instant Messenger will go the way of such tech touchstones as AltaVista and Netscape . It was 20 years ago that `` AIM '' went online . It quickly exploded in popularity , peaked and then slowly succumbed to competitors .
For many of us , AIM conjures up memories of dial-up modems , the sound of a `` handshake '' and the phrase `` You 've Got Mail . ''
`` AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift , but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed , '' says Michael Albers , vice president of communications product at Oath Inc. , a subsidiary of Verizon Communications that brought AOL and Yahoo together into a single unit earlier this year .
On Twitter , a social media platform that in no small way contributed to AIM 's demise , people seemed a bit nostalgic but not terribly surprised .
`` You likely remember the CD , your first screenname , your carefully curated away messages , and how you organized your buddy lists , '' Albers says . `` In the late 1990 's , the world had never seen anything like it . And it captivated all of us . ''
In fact , by 2001 , AIM had captivated about 100 million of us worldwide , but as Techcrunch.com writes :
`` It battled for supremacy with competitors like ICQ , and messengers from Yahoo and Microsoft MSN . But eventually text messaging , Google 's GChat and Facebook took over , while AIM never fully figured out the shift to mobile . That led to AOL 's fall from grace , going from being valued at $ 224 billion in today 's money to just $ 4.4 billion when it was sold to Verizon in 2015 . For context on the business AOL let slip away , WhatsApp sold that same year to Facebook for more than $ 19 billion . ''
`` We know there are so many loyal fans who have used AIM for decades ; and we loved working and building the first chat app of its kind since 1997 , '' AOL writes on the AIM help page . `` Our focus will always be on providing the kind of innovative experiences consumers want . We 're more excited than ever to focus on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products . ''
If you still have an AIM account , you can keep using it until December 15 . After that , you will no longer be able to sign on .
OAKLAND , Calif. — Draymond Green approached Kevin Durant near the end of Golden State 's bench and quickly their discussion escalated into a heated dispute , both players punctuating their points with demonstrations and reported F-bombs .
Green and Durant squabbled on the court late in the third quarter of Saturday 's overtime loss at Sacramento after a mix-up led to a shot-clock violation . Soon after , Green could be seen on video walking toward Durant and yelling from close range while raising his hands in the air .
Green then took a seat on the bench and Durant came over to continue their argument , with Shaun Livingston playing peacemaker . The flap was n't the first between the All-Stars , either .
Green would n't say exactly what was at issue , just that “ it was actually a tactic , but that 's for us to know and for everyone else to figure out. ” ESPN reported Tuesday that Green was trying to use reverse psychology , goading Durant into elevating his performance … against the lowly Kings in Game No . 51 of a very long season with title aspirations .
“ If you ca n't [ disagree ] , you 're probably on a losing team , ” the fiery Green said . “ But everybody who makes a big deal out of it probably are losers . That 's how I view it . Anyone who knows anything about winning knows that that 's going to happen . ”
No worries about a family feud for the NBA 's top team .
“ We know it 's really nothing . It 's constructive to try to understand how we 're going to get better , ” Warriors star Stephen Curry said . “ It comes from a place of respect between everybody on this team , including those two guys . So , nobody takes anything personal , nobody goes home and cries about it .
“ Those kinds of conversations need to happen so that we continue to try to get better and challenge each other to not get complacent . ”
Head coach Steve Kerr called the defeat one of his team 's worst games . The Warriors , with an NBA-best 43-8 record , host the Bulls on Wednesday night and will try to avoid consecutive regular-season losses for the first time since April 2015 during the franchise 's championship season .
“ We had all kinds of arguments that game , ” Kerr said . “ Totally normal . You should have seen the Bulls back in the day , we had guys yelling at each other all the time . I equate it to if you have a lot of siblings and you 're in the house together every day and you love each other and you 'd do anything for each other but you 're going to get in fights . ”
“ That 's what it 's like to be on a team . These guys are so close , ” he said . “ KD and Draymond are best of friends and they 're together every night laughing and joking . So when something happens on the floor , I do n't even bat an eye . It 's just competitive , heat-of-the-moment stuff . We played an awful game . I coached an awful game . It was a bad night for all of us . ”
Schools ' Milo Football tournament continues today at MOE ground
The 2018 Milo/Ministry of Public Health ( MOPH ) under-18 schools ' football tournament continues this weekend with six matches at the Ministry of Education ( MOE ) ground on Carifesta Avenue .
There will be three matches today at the venue beginning from 12:00hrs , while the other three games will be played at the same venue and time tomorrow .
Last weekend featured the first six group matches of the tournament which is being geared towards not only building physical but social skills . The tournament with support of the MOPH is being played under the theme : “ There is no excuse for violence ” .
Last Saturday , three time defending champions – Chase Academic Foundation , being marshaled by national centre back , Jeremy Garrett , thumped Cummings Lodge 12-0 , in the day 's feature match . Meanwhile , Calvin Peters bagged 6 goals in Masters Academy 's 10-nil steamrolling of Queenstown high school .
See below this weekend 's fixtures for the Beepats sponsored event below .
2/3/2017 Round Robin Round 1 Day 3 Ministry of Education Ground Match #
12:00 hrs Ann 's Grove Secondary v/s Dolphin Secondary 7
13:30 hrs Pure Masters v/s Bishop High School 8
15:00 hrs Lodge Secondary School v/s Queens ' College 9
2/4/2018 Round Robin Round 1 Day 4 Ministry of Education Ground Match #
12:00 hrs Annandale Secondary v/s Friendship Secondary 10
13:30 hrs Christianburg Secondary v/s Vergenogen Secondary 11
15:00 hrs Morgan Learning Center v/s School of the Nation Secondary 12
What to Know The suspect was wearing some sort of improvised explosive device he detonated near 42nd Street and Eighth Avenue , sources say
He was believed to have been the only person involved in the blast , which authorities say appears to have been an intentional act
The suspect was the only person seriously hurt , authorities said ; major street closures and subway changes were in effect
A man detonated some sort of improvised explosive device in an underground passageway near Port Authority Bus Terminal in midtown Manhattan as Monday 's peak morning commute got underway , prompting mass evacuations but appearing to seriously injure no one but himself , according to city officials and sources familiar with the investigation .
Two law enforcement officials say the suspect is Ullah Akayed , a 28-year-old man of Bangladeshi descent with a Brooklyn address ; sources say they 're looking into whether there is any possible ISIS connection to the blast , which happened in a tunnel between the Times Square subway station and Port Authority around 7:15 a.m .
Mayor de Blasio declared the blast an act of terror at a late-morning news briefing , saying , `` Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goal . ''
Dramatic Images : Rush-Hour Explosion Near Port Authority
Law enforcement sources say only one person was believed to have been involved and that man is in custody . At least one source close to the investigation says preliminary information indicates the man had wires and some kind of improvised device on his body ; others described a pipe bomb . Gov . Cuomo described the device as `` low-tech '' at a late-morning briefing .
A law enforcement source says Port Authority officers took down the suspect , cuffed him and brought him to a hospital with a serious stomach laceration . Three other people were hurt but are expected to be OK , authorities said .
Witnesses said it smelled as if a firecracker had gone off after the blast . The FBI 's Joint Terrorism Task Force has responded , and the White House says President Trump has been briefed on the situation .
Cuomo said at a news briefing the situation could have been much worse , adding , `` This is New York , the reality is we are a target by many . ''
`` This is the most resilient place on Earth , '' de Blasio said . `` We 've proven it time and time again . ''
Subways were avoiding the area and Port Authority was shut down as authorities investigated . Also , 14th , 23rd , 34th and 42nd streets were closed river to river and all Port Authority buses were being diverted to New Jersey . Get more information on traffic changes here .
Former NYPD commissioner Bill Bratton , speaking on MSNBC , said he had been told the suspect was a Bangladeshi man in his mid 20s who was wearing a device and indicated he was detonating it in the name of ISIS . Bratton 's information , which he said came from NYPD sources , could not immediately be confirmed .
The Port Authority Bus Terminal is the nation 's largest bus terminal and also the world 's busiest , according to the agency . It serves about 230,000 passenger trips every weekday and about 600 bus movements during the peak rush hour .
Hugh W. Reid & Associates Ltd. announce the Spring session of the DST Interpretation Course in Calgary .
We are offering this course at $ 1,425.00 + GST because of the continued low oil price .
This is a reduction of 25 % from the 2015 price .
Further reductions are available for 2 or more persons from the same company .
For ‘ in house ' courses a special fee reduction will apply . Please enquire for details .
This year we will focus on tight or damaged oil & gas tests which might be suitable for re-drilling as horizontal wells .
A new topic will be how to use old DSTs for selecting zones for water disposal from frac 'd wells .
The course will also cover all the fundamentals of chart interpretation for permeability , depletion , mechanical problems etc .
Please phone 403-262-1261 or email hugh @ hughwreid.com for a brochure or details .
In 1993 , Alex Wagner saw a familiar face on the cover of Time magazine : It was a computer-generated picture of a multiethnic woman who reminded her of ... herself .
Wagner 's father is white and from the Midwest ; her mother is from what was then Burma . And after reading the Time story on `` The New Face of America , '' Wagner , then a teenager , decided to embrace her identity as a `` futureface . ''
`` I liken it to sort of thinking you were a pigeon and then finding out you were a toucan , '' says Wagner , now a journalist . `` It was like this thing that no one else had , this 'futureface . ' But as I got older , I felt the weightlessness of that . And I wanted to know what grounded me . ''
Wagner was filled with questions about where she belonged , which family stories were myths and which stories were left untold . Her new book , Futureface , is her attempt to find answers about her ancestry .
`` In the initial stages , I sort of started talking to family members , and they would tell me these stories , '' Wagner says . `` And inevitably — we all find this — there were snags in those stories , little kind of asides that did n't make sense . And I pulled them , and that 's really what the book is about . ''
Interview Highlights
On her mother 's and grandmother 's memories of home
Burma — and let me be clear , it 's also known as Myanmar — and the reason a lot of Burmese and Burmese exiles call it Burma : It 's a form of political resistance to the ruling military junta .
The stories of Burma were always redolent with the scent of frangipani blossoms , and , you know , these incredibly gauzy memories about life in the aftermath of British colonialism , which were n't ... political stories . But they were stories about this just incredibly romantic way of life . My grandmother would talk about having bananas at teatime and carrying palm fronds when the monsoon rains came , and I accepted all of those stories because they were like poetry . But they were n't grounded in any particular reality , and they did n't answer the fundamental question , which was , `` If life in Burma was so good , why did we leave ? ''
On fact-checking her family 's history
As I did the research talking to people in my family — namely my grandmother , who had the greatest wealth of stories — I also started cross-referencing some of the things she was telling me about with historical documents , which is not what we often do in the realm of family histories . And then , of course , I traveled to Burma . I went to the Burmese archives , which was a comedic endeavor if ever there was one . There was nothing , really — not much of an archive .
But what I did discover is that some of these sort of petty bigotries that were made manifest in family stories tied back to a very violent and virulent strain of Burmese nationalism that I had never even considered . ... In many ways , the Burmese upper class like my grandmother turned a blind eye to Indian massacres that happened in Burma ... at the time my family lived there .
On her father 's side of the family and the `` White Immigrant Origin Story ''
The White Immigrant Origin Story is effectively the American origin story , which is that , `` We immigrants from Western Europe left the Old World , we started anew , and because of our hard work and divine providence , we made it in America . '' ...
For the most part , the White Immigrant Origin Story either glosses over huge parts of reality and history — or is just a lie . And in the case of my grandfather , what we knew about him was built on falsehoods . And as I went back to Luxembourg and did intense genealogical detective work to find out who this person was , I realized that he bore no resemblance to the person we thought he was . And that was important because the heroism that is a fundamental part of the White Immigrant Origin Story , I think , can be exclusionary . And what I 'm trying to do in this book , I think , is to find a more inclusive narrative when we talk about America .
On finding her own community
I think we do a lot of work in this day and age focusing on the future and on the past . And we hope that somehow , we 'll find something in both places . But what I realized through all of this digging through , the place where you can really find yourself is , of course , right here , and that we do n't invest enough in the present . When we think of community , we think of some sort of nebulous , faraway group of people rather than the men and the women who touch our daily lives . And I realized that my people basically had been with me all along . ...
And I think as simple as that is , it 's changed my worldview . It 's changed the way I think of every single day . I began this book really feeling lonely and really plumbing the depths of my existential despair , but I came out of it feeling like I was part of a fabric that was pretty tightly woven .
Sam Gringlas and Melissa Gray produced and edited the audio story . Sydnee Monday adapted it for the Web .
Special to Western News
Jill Smith , BFA'17
Age : 22
Faculty : Fine Arts
Specialization : Bachelor of Fine Arts , Honors Specialization in Studio Arts
Jill Smith came Western believing she was a painter and photographer . But as she graduates this spring with a Bachelor of Fine Arts , she leaves grateful for her program 's focus on contemporary and interdisciplinary art , as it has shaped the artist she is today .
“ Because of the structure of the studio arts program at Western , I had the opportunity to try new things and I learned I do n't have to be defined by a medium , ” Smith explained . “ I have the freedom to play and experiment with different media . I may have begun the program as a painter and photographer , but overtime I 've gravitated towards other media like printmaking and sculpture . ”
Smith has exhibited her work across Ontario , including in the Artlab Gallery , Forest City Gallery , The Arts Project , Open Studio , and Earl Selkirk Gallery at ARTiculations . She will be exhibiting work in Montreal this July .
“ The Visual Arts program may be small , but it fosters an amazing sense of community between fellow students , professors and mentors , ” she said . “ I ca n't imagine studying art anywhere else . ”
Western hosts its 309th Convocation June 9-21 . Click here to watch every ceremony live .
College pole vaulter allegedly filmed roommate having sex , threatened to post online An accomplished college pole vaulter in Missouri allegedly filmed his roommate having sex with a woman — and then threatened the woman that he would post the videos online . Xavier ...
Norovirus outbreak hits Olympic staff days before Opening Ceremony With only three days before the start of the Winter Olympics , South Korea deployed hundreds of military personnel Tuesday after an outbreak of norovirus sickened 32 workers and left 1,200 ...
Lululemon CEO Laurent Potdevin resigns over poor conduct Lululemon Athletica Inc. announced Monday that Laurent Potdevin has resigned as CEO effective immediately , saying he fell short of the company 's standards of conduct . The Vancouver-based maker of yoga pants ...
Yale hires its first female athletic director NEW HAVEN , Conn. — Colgate Athletic Director Victoria Chun has been named as athletic director Yale , the first woman to be appointed to the position at the university . The 49-year-old ...
WWE wrestler arrested , charged with battery of pro-wrestler wife Two pro wrestlers got into a family feud — that ended in an impromptu grudge match . World Wrestling Entertainment cruiserweight champion Richard Swann , 26 , was arrested late Saturday after he ...
One-armed vixen becomes world-class pole dancer Deb Roach was born with only one arm , and spent her childhood thinking that athletics were n't for her . Now she 's a world-class pole dancer , winning competitions and teaching others how ...
Ex-Jet wants to market pot-derived painkillers at youth games A former New York Jet is kicking up a cloud of controversy with a plan to market marijuana-derived products at Pop Warner youth football games . Marvin Washington , who played 11 ...
The epidemic that 's ruining youth sports During a soccer game early last year , Tiffany Lin began experiencing a sharp pain in her right knee . Then a freshman at Manhattan 's Beacon School , Lin tried to play through ...
She rightly feels cheated -- but does n't dare say why It 's a small story that says a lot about the world today : The runner-up for a high- school state championship did n't dare say that she felt cheated , let alone why ....
US-backed forces in Syria say ISIS on verge of losing Raqqa BEIRUT — The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) said on Wednesday its campaign to capture Raqqa from Islamic State was in its final stages and its fighters had seized 80 ...
Professor stopped , grilled , booted after 'extreme vetting ' WASHINGTON — A professor at the American University of Beirut traveling to California for an engineering conference says he was wrongfully denied entry to the US because of new “ extreme ...
The hip Mediterranean capital you should visit now Spring is Beirut 's best season . Skies are clear and the mountains are in flower across Lebanon 's capital . While it 's still pleasantly cool at night , it 's often warm enough to hit ...
Syrian military says ceasefire is over ; US hopes for extension BEIRUT — Syria 's military on Monday declared that the U.S.-Russian brokered cease-fire was over , shortly after the Russian military said it was “ meaningless ” to continue observing the agreement . The Syrian ...
'Regime of calm ' takes hold in Syria with aim to end civil war BEIRUT – A nationwide ceasefire in Syria brokered by the United States and Russia came into effect at 7 p.m. on Monday , the second attempt this year by Washington and ...
Powerful explosion rocks Lebanon 's capital BEIRUT — A powerful bomb in Beirut destroyed several cars , severely damaged one of Lebanon 's biggest banks and wounded one person on Sunday . The state-run National News Agency said the ...
Thousands in Beirut rally against political leaders “ We need a revolution to free ourselves from these politicians , ” said Hani Abu Hamdan , a 23-year-old unemployed civil engineer . “ We want power , we want water , we do n't want rubbish in ...
ISIS kills at least 30 pro-Syria fighters over gas field BEIRUT — Islamic State militants in Syria killed at least 30 pro-government fighters in an assault on a gas field that has witnessed some of the bloodiest clashes between the ...
Arab fans switching to free Israeli World Cup broadcasts BEIRUT — With the World Cup in faraway Brazil coming at a time of unprecedented sectarian violence and soaring tension in the Middle East , some Arab football fans have been ...
As if the intrigue-ridden struggle to sell the Plaza Hotel needed more drama , the shocking arrest of minority partner Prince Alwaleed bin Talal in Saudi Arabia came just as the iconic hotel 's India-based majority owner seemed close to choosing a buyer .
Plaza majority owner Sahara India Pariwar “ could make a decision this week ” on a suitor , said JLL international director Jeffrey Davis , who heads the New York office of JLL 's Hotels & Hospitality Group .
The Post reported last May that Alwaleed , who owned 25 percent of the Plaza , had teamed up with New York billionaire real estate investor Ben Ashkenazy to try to buy the 75 percent interest controlled by the Sahara .
It could n't be learned Monday night whether the 50-50 Prince-Ashkenazy partnership — the two men now jointly own the 25 percent stake — was among the bidders .
Legally embattled conglomerate Sahara has tried repeatedly over the past three years to unload the Plaza , but Indian courts blocked sale offerings .
Sahara founder Subrata Roy has been in and out of Indian prisons over fraud and securities charges . Although he 's now free , Roy is still duking it out with prosecutors and government agencies .
Sahara tapped JLL to field offers for the hotel last summer . But the Plaza plot deepened over the weekend with Alwaleed 's arrest as part of a corruption probe by Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman .
Davis insisted , “ Nothing changes . While I do n't think anyone knows what 's really happening in Saudi Arabia , I would n't relate it to the Plaza . Linking it to anything the prince owns here would be creating fake news . ”
Davis said Ashkenazy , not Alwaleed 's Kingdom Holdings , has “ decision-making rights ” regarding the partners ' Plaza involvement . “ The way it 's structured , Ashkenazy has what 's basically a right of first refusal ” on any outside offers for Sahara 's interest .
“ If there 's a bona fide offer , he [ Ashkenazy ] has a certain length of time to match it ” if he wants to , Davis said .
see also Saudi prince wants to save embattled Plaza Hotel Eloise might finally get a landlord who 's not in trouble ...
That surprised Lodging Investment Advisors CEO Sean Hennessey , a hotel industry analyst and consultant who is not involved at the Plaza . “ It would be highly unusual in a partnership like that for one side to have unilateral decision-making over such major matters , ” he said .
Hennessey said Alwaleed 's arrest might give a buyer pause . “ They 'd have to be prepared to enter into an ownership enterprise where one minority owner is in jail , ” he said of the prince , who 's actually being held at a Ritz-Carlton hotel in Riyadh .
It 's unclear how much a Plaza sale might fetch . Hennessey said , “ Originally I would have expected over $ 1.5 million a key. ” But now , in a limping hotel market , “ something south of that. ” The high-water mark for Manhattan luxury hotel sales was $ 2 million a key for the Baccarat in 2015 .
The “ Plaza Hotel ” that 's for sale is n't the whole landmark building , much of which was converted to luxury condo apartments . Rather , it includes 132 hotel guest rooms , 100 condo units that can be used as hotel rooms , and retail and food-and-beverage spaces . ( The condo-hotel units are n't to be confused with permanent condo residences . )
Alwaleed is said to be unhappy about the Plaza 's long-vacant restaurant and retail spaces . While the Palm Court and Todd English Food Hall seem to be thriving , the Oak Room and Oak Bar have been dark for years except for private events . The Fifth Avenue entrance lobby has looked forlorn since Italian designer Angelo Galasso closed his store in the Edwardian Room , which is also vacant .
The Trump administration is rolling back the Obama-era requirement that employer-provided health insurance policies cover birth control methods at no cost to women .
According to senior officials with the Department of Health and Human Services , the goal of the new rule is to allow any company or nonprofit group to exclude the coverage for contraception if it has a religious or moral objection .
`` This provides an exemption and it 's a limited one , '' said Roger Severino , director of the HHS Office of Civil Rights . `` We should have space for organizations to live out their religious identity and not face discrimination . ''
He said he expects most companies will continue to provide coverage for birth control and that the changes will only affect a tiny percentage of U.S. women . The new rules are being published Friday in the Federal Register and go into effect immediately .
But some health policy analysts say the new rule creates a huge opening that lets any employer claim an exemption , leaving their female workers to pay the full cost of any birth control out of pocket .
`` It is a huge loophole for any employer that does not want to provide birth control coverage to their employees , '' says Dania Palanker , a professor at Georgetown 's Center on Health Insurance Reform .
The change fulfills a promise Trump made in May to the Catholic religious order The Little Sisters of the Poor in a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden . The nuns had sued the Obama administration over the birth control requirement .
The Affordable Care Act requires employer-provided health insurance policies to include coverage for preventive health care . After the law passed , HHS used its regulatory authority to specify what has to be included in those preventive services , and birth control , including `` all Food and Drug Administration approved contraceptive methods , sterilization procedures , and patient education and counseling for all women with reproductive capacity . ''
But the policy was controversial from the start .
Several companies and religious groups sued , saying the rule infringed on their religious freedom .
The Obama administration created an exemption for churches , and allowed other `` religious employers '' to opt out by notifying the government . When they did so , the administration would arrange with their insurance companies to provide the coverage directly , without the employers ' involvement .
But the Little Sisters of the Poor were n't happy with that workaround and sued .
The group 's case , and a second one involving private businesses including the Hobby Lobby chain of craft stores , went to the Supreme Court .
The court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby in 2014 , saying privately held companies could object on religious grounds . And then , last year , the court issued a split ruling in the Little Sisters case , saying the government should n't fine the nuns , but also ordering the two sides to work out an arrangement that accommodates their religious beliefs .
Before a deal was reached , Donald Trump became president .
At the Rose Garden ceremony in May , he told the Little Sisters of the Poor that he planned to change the rules . `` You 're long ordeal will soon be over , '' he promised .
Under the new rule , women who work for Hobby Lobby or the religious group may no longer have access to birth control coverage through the Obama-era workaround . A Hobby Lobby spokesman said the company would have no comment on Friday , and the Little Sisters of the Poor did n't respond to NPR 's emails seeking comment .
Hobby Lobby 's founder and CEO David Green told reporters in 2013 , `` Our family is now being forced to choose between following the laws of the land that we love or maintaining the religious beliefs that have made our business successful and have supported our family and thousands of our employees and their families . ''
HHS officials said they do n't expect many companies to seek waivers . They said the group seeking waivers will likely be limited to those approximately 200 companies and nonprofits that have already sued .
But Palanker says the impact could be a lot bigger . There are a lot of large private companies , she says , whose owners may hold strong religious beliefs but did not want the publicity and expense of suing the federal government .
Hobby Lobby has 32,000 employees .
`` A lot of women will retain birth control coverage , '' Palanker says , `` but there will be a lot of women who will lose that coverage . ''
That means they 'll find themselves paying out of pocket . A one-month 's supply of birth control pills can cost anywhere from $ 4 to $ 55 or more , according to GoodRX.com .
Longer-acting contraception , like an IUD , can cost more than $ 1,000 , says Sarah Lipton-Lubet , a vice-president of the National Partnership for Women and Families . She says the new rule is a tool for discrimination against women .
`` Women should n't be denied access to basic health care based on their employers ' religious beliefs , '' she says . `` We all have the right to our religious beliefs . But the way that this rule treats religion is really an excuse to discriminate . ''
HHS officials say they also plan more stringent enforcement of a provision in the Affordable Care Act that prohibits federal subsidies from being used for insurance policies that cover abortion . The agency will issue guidelines for insurers today on how they have to charge women who want abortion coverage at least $ 12 a year more for such a policy , and they have to keep that money in a separate fund to be used only to pay for abortions .
The Trump administration 's rule is likely to face its own legal challenges from groups that favor contraception .
Former Chicago Police Chief Slams BLM… Blames Them For Violent Crime Wave [ AUDIO ]
A former Chicago police chief has finally said what the rest of us are thinking and called out the Black Lives Matter movement . Since the rise of this famous group , we 've seen a rise in the amount of police-targeted crimes . While many are afraid to call it what it is for fear of being labeled “ racist ” or a “ bigot , ” Garry McCarthy took to the airwaves to prove that not everyone will be bullied into silence .
Coming from Chicago , he 's seen more than his fair share of crime , so if anyone would know the effect of BLM on police interaction with the public , it would be him .
While speaking with John Catsimatidis on AM 970 in New York , McCarthy blamed the movement for the “ political atmosphere of anti-police sentiment . ”
McCarthy explained that the movement has created an environment that has “ emboldened ” violent criminals , while “ hamstringing ” police officers , which McCarthy said contributes to increased “ lawlessness ” and violent crime . “ So what 's happening , and this is ironic , is that a movement with the goal of saving black lives at this point is getting black lives taken , because 80 percent of our murder victims here in Chicago are male blacks , ” he explained . “ Less than half of 1 percent of all the shootings in this city involve police officers shooting civilians. ” McCarthy went on to explain that the murder rate has skyrocketed 90 percent in Chicago over the past two years , which he said is “ simply unacceptable. ” “ We are very clearly going down the wrong path , ” he added .
Listen to the audio below :
I 'm hoping that Trump 's election with embolden the police to go after criminals and stop being afraid of the media 's reaction to their difficult decisions . There is no reason an officer should feel like they could n't do their job because people would harass them and their family if the media portrays what they did as a bad thing .
The Weinstein Company 's talks to get a lifeline from Fortress Investment Group have stalled amid concerns about the flailing Hollywood studio 's financial condition , The Post has learned .
The chances of a deal getting done have recently slid to “ roughly 50 percent ” as Fortress weighs the risks of extending $ 35 million in rescue financing to TWC following the sex scandals that have engulfed co-founder Harvey Weinstein , according to a source close to the talks .
The financing , as of last week , was believed to be imminent , according to a Bloomberg report .
The loan from Fortress “ is not definitely happening , ” the source said on Tuesday , cautioning that the situation was fluid and that talks were still ongoing .
Without a loan , the studio could be forced into bankruptcy in the coming months , financial sources speculated .
Last month , Colony Capital — headed by billionaire Trump confidant Thomas Barrack — reportedly backed out of talks to save TWC in exchange for claims on its extensive library of movies .
Those talks were reported shortly after Weinstein Company co-founder Bob Weinstein denied that the studio was weighing a sale of its assets .
Back in March while discussing the NFL 's ban on leaping during field goals , Michael Bennett made an offhanded joke at the Jaguars ' expense…
Most of the NFL games are decided by one point , unless you 're playing the Jaguars or something , then it 's decided by 50 . So it 's one of those things . The one point , blocking that , it makes a big difference .
Fast-forward nine months , and Bennett 's Seahawks not only failed to beat the Jaguars by 50 points but they ended up losing the game 30-24 . After the game both A.J . Bouye and Yannick Ngakoue made reference to Bennett 's joke .
“ You know in the NFL , ” Bouye said , via Brent Martineau , “ you 're going to get a lot of tough games — they all come down to the wire . You 're not goingto win every game by 50 points unless you 're playing the Jaguars . ”
“ I took it personally , ” Ngakoue told ESPN.com . “ I read stuff sometimes and I remember seeing a player from the Seahawks saying that you can beat the Jaguars by 50 but we just won tonight . I do n't want to hear that 50-point stuff no more . ”
It 's easy to see why the game got chippy at the end . The Jaguars clearly took exception with Bennett 's joke and they likely let him hear about it all game long . The Seahawks defensive end started a fight after dangerously rolling into the center 's knees as the Jaguars were attempting to run out the clock in their victory formation .
Are Value Chains a Pathway to Nutrition in Sub-Saharan Africa ?
Raghav Gaiha is ( Honorary ) Professorial Research Fellow , Global Development Institute , University of Manchester , England ; and Shantanu Mathur is Lead Advisor , Programme Management Department , International Fund for Agricultural Development , Rome , Italy . The views are personal .
NEW DELHI , Dec 11 2017 ( IPS ) - Although difficult to ascertain whether it is a trend reversal , two recent FAO reports ( 2017a , b ) show a rise in hunger globally as well as in Africa . The number of undernourished ( NoU ) in the world suffering from chronic food deprivation began to rise in 2014 –from 775 million people to 777 million in 2015 – and is now estimated to have increased further , to 815 million in 2016 . The stagnation of the global average of the proportion of undernourished ( PoU ) from 2013 to 2015 is the result of two offsetting changes at the regional level : in Sub-Saharan Africa , the share of undernourished people increased , while there was a continued decline in Asia in the same period . However , in 2016 , the PoU increased in most regions except Northern Africa , Southern Asia , Eastern Asia , Central America and the Caribbean . The deterioration was most severe in Sub-Saharan Africa and South-Eastern Asia ( FAO 2017a , b ) .
In 2016 , weak commodity prices were partly responsible for a slowdown in economic growth across Sub-Saharan Africa to 1.4 % , its most sluggish pace in more than two decades . With the population growing by about 3 % a year , people on average got poorer last year , and , by implication , more undernourished . The greater frequency and intensity of conflicts and crises further aggravated undernourishment .
Food systems are changing rapidly . Globalization , trade liberalization , and rapid urbanization have led to major shifts in the availability , affordability , and acceptability of different types of food , which has driven a nutrition transition in many countries in the developing world . Food production has become more capital-intensive and supply chains have grown longer as basic ingredients undergo multiple transformations . Expansion of fast food outlets and supermarkets has resulted in dietary shifts . The consumption of low nutritional quality , energy-dense , ultra-processed food and drinks , and fried snacks and sweets has risen dramatically in the past decade .
The concomitant shift to the more market-oriented nature of agricultural policies means that agricultural technology and markets play a more important role in determining food prices and rural incomes , and more food is consumed from the marketplace rather than from own production . The greater market orientation of food production and consumption has increased the bidirectional links between agriculture and nutrition : agriculture still affects nutrition , but food and nutritional demands increasingly affect agriculture . Increasing demands for energy-intensive products exacerbate environmental impacts of food value chains : for example , excessive use of agricultural chemicals to extract more dietary energy from every hectare while contaminating the very food it produces , along with groundwater and the soil ; and the greenhouse gas emissions from livestock industries to feed the ever-increasing demand for meat and dairy products ( Carletto , 2015 ) .
Value chain concepts are useful in designing strategies to achieve nutrition goals . Central to this approach is identifying opportunities where chain actors benefit from the marketing of agricultural products with higher nutritional value . However , value chain development focuses on efficiency and economic returns among value chain transactions , and the nutritional content of commodities is often overlooked .
A food value chain involves a series of processes and actors that take food from its production to consumption and disposal as waste . In a value chain , the emphasis is on the value ( usually economic ) accrued ( and lost ) for chain actors at different steps in the chain , and the value produced through the functioning of the whole chain as an interactive unit . A value chain is commodity specific , and thus involves only one particular food that is relevant within a diet .
As value chains are crucial in determining food availability , affordability , quality , and acceptability , they have potential to improve nutrition . What is required is to identify opportunities where value chain actors benefit from supplying the market with agricultural products of higher nutritional value . Value chain development , however , has rarely focused attention on consumers—consumers are simply considered as purchasers driving the ultimate source of demand . In this light , the value chain strategy is likely to be enriched by a stronger consumer focus , and , in particular , a focus on consumer nutrition and health . The empirical evidence on the role of value chains in improving nutrition is , however , scanty and mixed .
Basically , nutrition results from the quality of the overall diet , not just from the nutrient content of an individual food . In value chains , the focus is generally commodity specific , rather than on how to integrate multiple chains to contribute to an enhanced quality of diet . There may be offsetting impacts such that , if one value chain works better and consumption of the associated food increases , consumption of other foods may decline .
On the demand side , the central issue is how to promote consumption of nutritious foods by target populations that may not be able to afford a healthy diet . Similarly , on the supply side , an important concern is the feasibility of targeting the poorest smallholders and informal enterprises along the value chain , particularly , involving women .
An example from Nigeria elucidates the potential of value chains for enhancement of nutritional value and the constraints that must be addressed . Chronic undernutrition is pervasive in Nigeria , with rates of stunting and underweight alarmingly high and little progress over the last decade . There are major disparities in nutrition outcomes between the wealthy and poor , between the north and south , and between urban and rural areas . Micronutrient deficiencies are widespread across social groups . Vitamin A deficiency , for example , is associated with 25 % of child and maternal deaths . Together with direct nutrition interventions , it is necessary to improve the functioning of food value chains and provide access to nutrient-dense foods to the urban and rural poor .
Cowpeas make a substantial contribution to the nutrition of poor populations in Nigeria . Cowpea grains contain an average of 24 % protein and 62 % soluble carbohydrates . They are rich in thiamine , folates and iron , and also contain zinc , potassium , magnesium , riboflavin , vitamin B6 and calcium , as well as the amino acids lysine and tryptophan . Markets for cowpea products are mainly informal , and the majority of products are produced by small-scale businesses and sold locally . Few formal sector businesses have invested in cowpea products , and there is limited innovation in value-added products . A merit of cowpea foods is that they are readily acceptable to diverse populations , widely available across the country and can be distinguished from less nutritious alternatives . However , affordability and availability of cowpeas is constrained by major supply-side problems . Cowpea prices fluctuate between seasons , due to the susceptibility of grains to degradation and low use of improved storage technologies . Although simple , safe and low-cost technologies are available in the form of improved storage bags , these are not prominent in wholesale and transport stages of the value chain . Besides , existing preservation techniques make use of pesticides that create risks of toxic contamination . Improving use of storage technologies along the value chain , including on-farm facilities , transportation and storage facilities in markets would help alleviate this constraint-especially for smallholders .
So the challenges are creating incentives for businesses to focus better on nutritional foods and conditions enabling smallholders to integrate better into these chains .
‘ Money and fear do n't go together . '
That 's what an unnamed Financial Times source reportedly told the paper about the big Spanish financial institution CaixaBank 's prospective decision to move its headquarters from Barcelona if the Catalonia region follows through on its independence drive , with fear and uncertainty only two of the significant consequences .
CaixaBank is Spain 's third largest bank as ranked by assets , after Banco Santander and BBVA , according to Statista , and the No . 4 institution , Banco de Sabadell , is also headquartered in Barcelona and already has said it 's looking at a move .
Read on : Spain — and investors — on roller-coaster ride after Catalonia 's referendum chaos
Barron 's : Brave investors might want to buy the dip on these 2 Catalonia-based banks
sss
Isaac Vassell joined Birmingham from Luton for an undisclosed fee on Monday
Birmingham City give a debut to new signing Isaac Vassell after the striker joined from Luton on Saturday .
But Blues are without Maikel Kieftenbeld , who was sent off in the win over Bristol City , while David Davis , Che Adams and Jonathan Grounds all picked up injuries in that game .
Filipe Morais is unlikely to start for Bolton , having missed much of pre-season with a knee injury .
Josh Vela ( ankle ) and David Wheater ( back ) are also out .
Match facts
Organizers of a newsroom union at the Chicago Tribune have informed its publisher that colleagues have already given such overwhelming formal support for their effort that the paper 's parent company should recognize the guild voluntarily and start to negotiate a contract .
The organizers gave the Tribune 's parent company , Tronc , a day to make a decision .
According to a letter from the Chicago Tribune Guild organizing committee obtained by NPR , the nascent union has received signed union authorization cards from more than 85 percent of staffers who would fall under the bargaining unit .
`` Voluntary recognition would allow us to begin contract negotiations , saving the company the cost and inconvenience of a campaign and an election that will result overwhelmingly in our favor , '' read the letter , sent Tuesday morning to Bruce Dold , the Tribune 's editor and publisher . This story will be updated with any reaction from the Tribune and Tronc .
It is quite a turnaround in fortunes for unions at Tronc , which comes from a strong anti-union background . Historically , the Tribune and its corporate owners took a strong stance against unions at the paper and in society more broadly .
More recently , Tronc fought fiercely for months against unionizing efforts at the Tribune 's larger sister paper , the Los Angeles Times , yet lost badly in a lopsided vote held in January . Tronc , then controlled by Chicago investor Michael Ferro , announced it would sell the Times and The San Diego Union-Tribune less than three weeks later . That sale , to Southern California billionaire Patrick Soon-Shiong , is expected to go through in coming weeks .
Ferro is now gone from the company . He sold his controlling minority stake to McCormick Media — controlled primarily by Sargent M. McCormick-Collier , a relative of the legendary late Col. Robert McCormick who ran the Tribune and built it into a multi-platform staff .
`` If the company does not recognize the Chicago Tribune Guild , we will file the signature cards tomorrow with the National Labor Relations Board , and an election will be scheduled , '' the organizing committee wrote in a separate note to staffers .
The Tribune 's parent company , Tronc , and its corporate predecessor , Tribune , have suffered severe financial setbacks , some of them self-inflicted . That has in turn led to waves of layoffs , buyouts and cutbacks . The Chicago Tribune newsroom is perhaps a third as large as it was at its height .
In the years since it was rechristened Tronc , the company has been beset by additional controversy and internal crises , starting with a frenetic branding effort around digital innovation . In Los Angeles , the Times 's new publisher , Ross Levinsohn , was sidelined by questions raised over past workplace misconduct ( he took a leave and became Tronc 's chief executive over its digital activities ) . The LA Times ' new editor-in-chief , Lewis D'Vorkin , sparked a newsroom mutiny over his conversations with Disney over coverage and with his accusations that his journalists have been disloyal . He was shifted over to the digital unit in February and left the company earlier this month .
The company created an uproar with plans to create a large separate digital newsroom that would have generated a vast new output of online content outside the company 's newspapers , including the Chicago Tribune , the LA Times , the Baltimore Sun , South Florida Sun-Sentinel , Hartford Courant , and other big metro dailies .
A senior Chicago Tribune editor , Metro Editor Mark Jacob , announced on April 5 he was leaving the company and tweeted : `` ... owners and managers of media companies must embrace a mission of journalism as public service , invest in their people and show bravery and independence . Our democracy depends on it . ''
Some digital newsrooms and smaller newspapers have been seeking union representation as well . Union efforts recently have popped up at some surprising newsrooms — including the digital outlet Mic , the satiric publication The Onion , the Casper ( Wyoming ) Star-Tribune , and the Missoula , Mont. , Independent .
If the union is recognized by Tronc voluntarily , or wins it in a vote overseen by federal labor regulators , the guild would represent about 280 nonmanagement employees at the Tribune , its sister Spanish-language daily , Hoy , the entertainment-oriented tabloid RedEye and four suburban publications .
Time was , if you wanted to watch telly at home , the humble CRT was the only option ( considerable `` junk in the trunk '' included ) . Then , before even flat-panel televisions , older projectors promised cinematic thrills at home in exchange for tens of thousands of pounds and the pain of a bulky box that required a gantry to install .
Today , we 're spoiled for choice . Flat-panel TVs , even at the low-end , do a great job of pumping out Netflix and video game pixels at 4K resolution and at a hefty screen-size . But what if you wanted to go big ? Really big ? An 88-inch TV from Samsung costs a whopping £4,449 , while a 77-inch OLED from LG costs £7,999 . And a 100-inch TV ? Forget about it .
Fortunately , thanks to some clever pixel trickery known as `` pixel shifting ” or “ XPR ” technology , you can skip the TV and go straight to a true 4K projector that casts a whopping 100-inch image .
Still not convinced ? Here are six reasons ( and a handy video ) why 2018 is the year of the projector .
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information , people and ideas , Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information , news and insight around the world .
French President Emmanuel Macron is discovering the limits of cooperation with Donald Trump on foreign policy , as his last-ditch appeal to salvage the Iran nuclear deal was met with intransigence by the U.S. president .
Macron , who has sought to cultivate a personal bond with Trump , arrived at the White House on Tuesday with an Iran pitch in hand . If the U.S. preserved the existing nuclear accord , that could serve as the cornerstone of a new , expanded agreement that would address the Islamic Republic 's ballistic missile program and destabilizing behavior across the Middle East .
Yet that case , coordinated with other European powers , ran headlong into Trump 's competing instincts on foreign policy . While Trump prizes his reputation as a deal maker , and is eager to score major foreign policy wins , he remains deeply skeptical of preserving the 2015 agreement with Tehran .
“ It sounded to me like he wants to be half-pregnant -- that he wants to withdraw from the deal but sustain the deal and add something on top of the deal so that it constrains the Iranians more , ” Jon Alterman , a senior vice president at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said of Trump 's opposition . “ The challenge with all of this is the president 's objection to the deal is visceral , not intellectual . ”
Macron 's Challenge
“ The challenge for Macron , ” he said , “ is if there 's nothing you can do to language that will make the president feel better about the deal and the president deeply objects to the deal , how do you sustain it ? ”
Macron 's hope is to stave off an American withdrawal next month from the six-party agreement to freeze Iran 's nuclear weapons program . The French leader sought to tempt his American counterpart with the promise of future diplomacy that would not only repair flaws Trump perceives in the original agreement , negotiated by the Obama administration , but resolve a range of security headaches across the Middle East .
Trump seemed at least somewhat interested in Macron 's blueprint , calling it a “ new deal ” with “ solid foundations. ” Teams of American negotiators have been working with European allies for weeks on a new accord along the lines of what Macron laid out . Like Macron , their biggest challenge is the absence of any guarantee that Trump will accept the result .
But Trump 's desire did n't appear to overcome his steadfast opposition to the existing agreement , the preservation of which other world leaders and diplomats insist is essential if there is to be further negotiation with Iran . Trump must decide by May 12 whether to continue to waive U.S. sanctions lifted under the accord .
Where Trump 's Scorn for Iran Nuclear Deal Could Lead : QuickTake
Within minutes of the two leaders sitting down in the Oval Office , Trump ridiculed the existing agreement as “ terrible , ” “ insane , ” and “ ridiculous. ” One-on-one talks seemed to do little to change his mind . Trump went on to threaten Iran with “ a price like few countries have ever paid ” if the Tehran government restarted their nuclear program in response to an American withdrawal from the accord .
At a news conference , Macron offered a portrait of a four-part “ new accord ” with Iran . The French president would combine the existing nuclear agreement with curbs on Iran 's nuclear program after 2025 , a halt to its ballistic missile development and constraints on its regional influence .
The apparent contradiction exposed the limitations of the French leader 's gambit as he sought to influence an American president who has governed by gut instinct and who is predisposed to ending a pact he regularly ridiculed on the campaign trail .
‘ Potent Charm Offensive '
Still , supporters of the deal said they were optimistic that Macron was able to thread that needle , convincing Trump to preserve the existing Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action , or JCPOA , as American and European negotiators work on a series of side deals .
“ I think it 's a potent charm offensive by Macron , caveated by one quote where he used the word ‘ wasted ' to describe the French and American relationship if America walked away , ” said Behnam Ben Taleblu , an analyst with the Washington-based Foundation for the Defense of Democracies . “ When he underscored that that friendship could have been wasted it should show Americans how committed the Europeans are to the JCPOA . ”
Indications that the U.S. and France had at least made advances on some of the issues Trump has raised were reasons for optimism , James Jeffrey , a fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , said in an interview .
“ Trump 's repeated use of the word ‘ flexibility ' or ‘ flexible ' is the code word here , '' Jeffrey said . `` But until he sees a final agreement from the three European countries , he 's clearly not going to commit . ”
Indeed , U.S. and European officials said they 've made more progress than expected in their quiet discussions about coming up with proposals that would meet Trump 's demands to contain Iran .
Visceral Opposition
But other experts urged caution , noting Trump remained viscerally opposed to the underlying agreement .
`` The president feels it was a bad deal , '' Alterman said .
And those predilections are only likely to harden as Trump regroups with his hawkish new foreign policy team . Mike Pompeo , the CIA director expected to be confirmed as the next Secretary of State later this week , and National Security Adviser John Bolton have both publicly criticized the Iran agreement in the past . And Trump has shown a repeated willingness to move decisively toward his initial policy inclinations - particularly when he senses others are trying to slow walk him from a potentially disruptive decision .
Heightened Drama
“ It is very plausible that some kind of contrivance is made to continue the U.S.-European negotiation and maybe the administration finds a way to kind of further heighten the drama -- some way to refine the ultimatum , '' said Jarrett Blanc , senior fellow at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . `` It is also certainly possible that Trump wakes up in a bad mood on May 11 and there 's a decision to withdraw . ''
Other experts said that upcoming talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un might be weighing heavily on Trump - and leave him more inclined to preserve the agreement . A U.S. withdrawal could undermine American credibility at the negotiating table as it seeks denuclearization in another hot zone .
Iranian Response
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif on Tuesday noted the impending Korean talks and warned in an interview that Trump was signaling that the U.S. is `` not a trustworthy , reliable negotiating partner . '' Zarif repeated a warning that Iran would no longer be bound by the deal 's limits if America withdrew .
`` If the United States were to withdraw from the nuclear deal , the immediate consequence in all likelihood would be that Iran would reciprocate and withdraw , '' Zarif told the Associated Press .
Ultimately , the Trump and Macron comments were `` inconclusive '' and retained the tension between allied diplomacy and Trump 's `` strong feelings '' on the agreement , according to Michael Singh , managing director of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy and a former senior director for Middle East affairs under President George W. Bush .
`` I think in a sense that it 's still too soon to tell , there 's no guarantee that we will get to some common understanding , '' Singh said .
It 's hard to trust anything on Twitter — even the follower counts of journalists .
Big media outlets have embraced Twitter as a distribution platform but still struggle with how reporters and editors use the social media service , particularly when they appear to be breaching journalism ethics .
This sizable gray area came into clearer focus this week , after a New York Times exposé revealed that more than a dozen news media figures had paid to artificially pump up the number of followers they have on Twitter .
Journalists and commentators , who presumably joined the platform to enhance their stature , instead found themselves grasping to explain why they had paid for counterfeit supporters . When contacted by NBC News , the journalists identified by The Times as having bought Twitter followers had a range of responses : Many ducked requests for comment , others blamed associates , while just one sounded chastened .
Film critic Richard Roeper was reinstated by the Chicago Sun-Times Friday . Timothy Hiatt / Getty Images For EBERTFEST 2015 file
Most of the news outlets that employ the journalists said they did not have a specific policy outlawing pay-for-play on social media . But they said more general policies prohibiting misrepresentation should be enough to put their journalists on notice against paying to pump up their followings .
“ One of the currencies of our time is the number of people who follow you on social media . As with any currency , people try to get more in both honest and dishonest ways , ” said Sree Sreenivasan , former chief digital officer of New York City and now a consultant who teaches social media around the country . “ What is common sense in real life should be common sense in social media . In real life , you do not steal and you do not counterfeit . So why would you do that here , on Twitter ? ”
The Times article focused on a particular firm , Devumi , for selling phony “ bot ” followers on Twitter , and included the names of public figures who had paid Devumi for followers .
The story 's collateral impact was felt across several newsrooms , some of which took action . The Chicago Sun-Times briefly suspended film critic Richard Roeper , before reinstating him . The Hill , a Washington political newspaper , banned social media “ juicing , ” as the practice of buying followers is known . Other outlets acknowledged they had n't confronted the issue .
The Times reported that Devumi had made millions by supplying customers with more than 200 million Twitter followers . But rather than offering a real audience , the Devumi followers were actually electronic counterfeits , known as bots , which were sometimes created by mimicking the accounts of real Twitter users .
A customer might pay $ 225 for 25,000 followers to appear more popular on Twitter than they really are , The Times said . Some of those Twitter users cash in on those followings by selling themselves as social “ influencers ” who hawk products and causes for pay .
The New York Times has a policy prohibiting its journalists from engaging in deceptive practices . They also `` should not misrepresent how many [ social media ] followers they really have , '' Danielle Rhodes Ha , a Times spokeswoman , said . She said the paper was considering updating its social media guidelines to address the issue .
Jane E. Kirtley , a professor of media ethics and law at the University of Minnesota 's journalism school , said it should be obvious why media figures should not pay to artificially inflate their social media audiences .
“ The only thing reporters have to peddle ( to differentiate themselves from bloggers and others who are not really news people ) is their credibility , ” Kirtley said via email . “ Gaining followers by buying them results in a loss of integrity and , ultimately , one 's reputation , because , sooner or later , you 'll be found out . ”
Roeper was arguably the best known of those identified in the Times article , thanks largely to his days co-hosting television 's “ At the Movies , ” along with Roger Ebert , who died in 2013 . Roeper 's Twitter profile lists more than 224,000 followers . But after the Times reported that an untold number of those fans had been purchased from Duvemi , the Sun-Times said it was suspending publication of Roeper 's reviews and columns .
The Sun-Times announced Friday evening that it had concluded its investigation and that Roeper had cooperated fully and acknowledged that he had purchased about 50,000 followers on at least six occasions . The paper said he was “ genuinely contrite ” and would resume writing film reviews , though not “ general interest news columns . ”
“ In the interest of transparency and a fresh start , ” Roeper wrote in a statement , “ I will be voluntarily deactivating my Twitter account and launching a new account. ” He started the new handle @ RichardERoeper on Friday . With less than 100 followers , he has a long way to go to rebuild his previously reported following of nearly 219,000 .
Joe Concha , media columnist for The Hill , acknowledged that he had paid for Twitter followers . Concha said on Twitter ( where he is credited with 42,548 followers as of Thursday ) that he had consulted with a friend with a social media business “ to improve my footprint in the space , ” buying 5,000 followers .
Awhile back I tapped a friend 's social media business to improve my footprint in the space . Part of several recommendations in expanding reach/visibility was to purchase followers . I took all advice & most pointers was solid . The one lament was the follower purchase . Not needed . — Joe Concha ( @ JoeConchaTV ) January 26 , 2018
Before the Times article , Bob Cusack , editor-in-chief of the Hill , said he had n't heard about buying followers .
“ So we had no policy , ” Cusack said by email . “ Now that we know about this , we have adopted a policy that reporters should not buy Twitter followers . “
The Times did not report , in most cases , how many followers the journalists had purchased on Twitter . But in the case of frequent CNN contributor and Democratic activist Hilary Rosen , it reported that she had bought more than half a million followers . Rosen told the Times the purchase was “ an experiment I did several years ago to see how it worked . ”
Like most outlets interviewed for this article , CNN does not have an explicit policy prohibiting the purchase of social media supporters . And even if it did , CNN executives simply do n't have the bandwidth to crack down on fake followers , said one insider who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he had not been authorized to speak on the topic .
Also on the newspaper 's list was Melanie Bromley , chief correspondent for E ! News , who has paid for some of her Twitter followers , which now number more than 23,000 . E ! is an entertainment division of NBCUniversal , the parent company of NBCNews.com .
Neither Bromley nor an E ! spokesperson responded to a request for comment .
Buying an electronic following , said Kirtley , the ethics expert , “ defeats the whole purpose of attracting followers , which presumably is to engage with them. ” She suggested it 's more meaningful to be followed , “ liked ” or retweeted by a living , breathing fan , rather than an electronic fabrication .
Bots can follow . They can retweet . But they ca n't come to your book signing .
BASEL , Switzerland — Police on Friday were hunting for two gunmen who opened fire in a cafe in the Swiss city of Basel , leaving two people dead and a third critically wounded .
A statement from the office of the local prosecutor said two men entered Cafe 56 at 8.15 p.m. Thursday and unleashed a salvo of gunfire . They then escaped on foot in the direction of a nearby railway station .
Prosecutors said the motive for the crime was unknown but the assailants specifically targeted the cafe . The victims were identified as Albanians .
No one else was hurt in the attack .
Investigations are still ongoing but a police officer told The Associated Press : “ This is a local incident . It has nothing to do with Islamists or terrorism . ”
He spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak publicly . The office of the prosecutor later confirmed there was no indication of terrorism .
Forensic teams could be seen overnight going in and out of the cafe collecting evidence .
Prosecutors said police were looking for two men , aged between 30 and 40 , who are believed to be eastern European . They had black hair and wore dark clothing .
The attack comes a day after the town concluded celebrations of Fasnacht , the largest carnival in Switzerland .
Jacob Seelman
HOLLY , Mich. —
Originally scheduled at Myrtle Beach Speedway , Must See Racing is now partnering with the Pro All Stars Series as part of the Mason-Dixon MegaMeltdown , which features a $ 15,000-to-win , 300-lap PASS South super late model race as part of the blockbuster two-day weekend .
“ PASS is very glad to work with Must See Racing again at Hickory as part of the Mason-Dixon MegaMeltdown , ” said Pro All Stars Series president Tom Mayberry . “ Some of the most powerful short track cars in North America will come together when PASS and Must See Racing join together at the MegaMeltdown . Fans and racers from across the continent will get a chance to see super late models and winged sprint cars compete on the same weekend , and we are glad that Jim Hanks and his staff were able to help us make this happen . ”
The Must-See Racing sprint car portion of the event will feature twin 25-lap qualifying races on Friday , with the top three finishers from each qualifier advancing into a blind redraw on Saturday for the top six starting positions in the championship feature .
All other drivers will start straight up on their qualifying race finishing position , with a 50-lap A-Main on Saturday afternoon — paying points for both the Must-See Racing North and Must See Racing South divisions — determining the champions for the 2017 season .
This will mark the first time Must See Racing has visited Hickory for a second time during the same calendar year , following successful springtime events in each of the last three seasons .
Past Must See Racing winners at Hickory include Jeff Bloom ( 2015 ) and Jimmy McCune ( 2016 , 2017 ) .
“ We are delighted to be back at Hickory Motor Speedway once again and excited to be able to work with Tom Mayberry and the staff with PASS to bring ‘ The Fastest Short Track Cars In The World ' to one of the biggest weekends of short track racing in the Southeast , ” said Must See Racing founder and president Jim Hanks . “ Hickory has always been a favorite venue of our drivers and teams and we look forward to a fantastic show as we close out our season and crown our two division champions for the year in one action-packed weekend of racing . ”
NEW YORK ( Project Syndicate ) — Donald Trump won the presidency with the backing of working-class and socially conservative white voters on a populist platform of economic nationalism . Trump rejected the Republican Party 's traditional pro-business , pro-trade agenda , and , like Bernie Sanders on the left , appealed to Americans who have been harmed by disruptive technologies and “ globalist ” policies promoting free trade and migration .
But while Trump ran as a populist , he has governed as a plutocrat , most recently by endorsing the discredited supply-side theory of taxation that most Republicans still cling to . Trump also ran as someone who would “ drain the swamp ” in Washington , and on Wall Street . Yet he has stacked his administration with billionaires ( not just millionaires ) and Goldman Sachs alumni , while letting the swamp of business lobbyists rise higher than ever .
Donald Trump has consistently sold out the blue-collar , socially conservative whites who brought him to power , while pursuing policies to enrich his fellow plutocrats . Sooner or later , Trump 's core supporters will wake up to this fact , so it is worth asking how far he might go to keep them on his side .
Trump and the Republicans ' plan to repeal the 2010 Affordable Care Act ( Obamacare ) would have left 24 million Americans — mostly poor or middle class , many of whom voted for him — without health care . His deregulatory policies are blatantly biased against workers and unions . And the Republican tax-reform plan that he has endorsed would overwhelmingly favor multinational corporations and the top 1 % of households , many of which stand to benefit especially from the repeal of the estate tax .
Trump has also abandoned his base in the area of trade , where he has offered rhetoric but not concrete action . Yes , he scrapped the Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) , but Hillary Clinton would have done the same . He has mused about abandoning the North American Free Trade Act ( NAFTA ) , but that may be just a negotiating tactic . He has threatened to impose a 50 % tariff on goods from China , Mexico , and other U.S. trade partners , but no such measures have materialized . And proposals for a border adjustment tax have been all but forgotten .
Trump 's bullying tweets against U.S. firms that move production offshore or undertake tax inversions have been no more than cheap talk , and business leaders know it . Manufacturers who fooled Trump into thinking they would keep production in the U.S. have continued to transfer operations quietly to Mexico , China , and elsewhere .
Moreover , international provisions in the pending tax legislation will give U.S. multinationals an even greater incentive to invest , hire , and produce abroad , while using transfer pricing and other schemes to salt away profits in low-tax jurisdictions .
Likewise , despite Trump 's aggressive rhetoric on immigration , his policies have been relatively moderate , perhaps because many of the businesspeople who supported his campaign actually favor a milder approach . The “ Muslim ban ” does n't affect the supply of labor in the U .. Although deportations have accelerated under Trump , it 's worth remembering that millions of undocumented immigrants were deported under Barack Obama , too .
The border wall that Trump was going to force Mexico to pay for remains an unfunded dream . And even the administration 's plan to favor skilled over unskilled workers will not necessarily reduce the number of legal migrants in the country .
All told , Trump has governed like a plutocrat in populist clothes — that is , a pluto-populist . But why has his base let him get away with pursuing policies that mostly hurt them ? According to one view , he is betting that social conservatives and white blue-collar supporters in rural areas will vote on the basis of nationalist and religious sentiment and antipathy toward secular coastal elites , rather than for their own financial interests .
But how long can anyone be expected to support “ God and guns ” at the expense of “ bread and butter ” ? The pluto-populists who presided over the Roman Empire knew that keeping the populist mob at bay required substance as well as diversion : panem et circenses – “ bread and circuses. ” Raging tweets are meaningless to people who can scarcely afford a dignified living , let alone tickets to the modern-day Colosseum to watch football .
The tax legislation that Republicans have rushed through Congress could prove especially dangerous , given that millions of middle-class and low-income households will not only get little out of it , but will actually pay more when income-tax cuts are phased out over time .
Moreover , the Republican plan would repeal the Obamacare individual mandate . According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office , this will cause 13 million people to lose health insurance , and insurance premiums to rise by 10 % , over the next decade . Not surprisingly , a recent Quinnipiac poll found that a mere 29 % of Americans support the Republican plan .
Nevertheless , Trump and the Republicans seem willing to risk it . After all , by pushing the middle-class tax hikes to a later date , they have designed their plan to get them through the 2018 midterm elections and the 2020 general election . Between now and the midterms , they can brag about cutting taxes on most households . And they can expect to see the economic-stimulus effects of tax cuts peak in 2019 , just before the next presidential election — and long before the bill comes due .
Moreover , the final legislation will likely lower the federal deduction for mortgage interest and eliminate deductibility for state and local taxes . This will hit households in Democratic-leaning states such as New York , New Jersey , and California much harder than households in Republican-leaning states .
Another part of the Republican strategy ( known as “ starve the beast ” ) will be to use the higher deficits from tax cuts to argue for cuts in so-called entitlement spending , such as Medicare , Medicaid , food stamps , and Social Security .
Again , this is a risky proposition , given that elderly , middle-class , and low-income Americans rely heavily on these programs . Yes , the working and non-working poor who receive welfare payments or food stamps include minorities who tend to vote for Democrats . But millions of the blue-collar , socially conservative whites who voted for Trump also rely on these and similar programs .
With the global economy expanding , Trump is probably hoping that tax cuts and deregulation will spur enough growth and create enough jobs that he will have something to brag about . A potential growth rate of 2 % wo n't necessarily do much to help his blue-collar base , but at least it could push the stock market up to its highest point ever .
And , of course , Trump will still claim that the U.S. economy can grow at a rate of 4 % , even though all mainstream economists , including Republicans , agree that the potential growth rate will remain around 2 % , regardless of his policies .
Whatever happens , Trump will continue to tweet maniacally , promote fake-news stories , and boast about the “ biggest and best ” economy ever . In doing so , he may even create a circus worthy of a Roman emperor .
But if gassy rhetoric alone does not suffice , he may decide to go on the offensive , particularly in the international sphere . That could mean truly withdrawing from NAFTA , taking trade action against China and other trading partners , or doubling down on harsh immigration policies .
And if these measures do not satisfy his base , Trump will still have one last option , long used by Roman emperors and other assorted dictators during times of domestic difficulty . Namely , he can try to “ wag the dog , ” by fabricating an external threat or embarking on foreign military adventures to distract his supporters from what he and congressional Republicans have been doing .
For example , following the “ madman ” approach to foreign policy , Trump could start a war with North Korea or Iran . Or he could post further inflammatory tweets about the evils of Islam , thereby driving disturbed and marginalized individuals into the arms of the Islamic State ( ISIS ) or other extremist groups .
That would increase the likelihood of ISIS-inspired attacks — for example , “ lone wolves ” blowing themselves up or driving trucks through crowded pedestrian areas — within the U.S. With dozens , if not hundreds , slain , Trump could then wrap himself in the flag and say , “ I told you so. ” And if things got bad enough , Trump and his generals could declare a state of emergency , suspend civil liberties , and transform America into a true pluto-populist authoritarian state .
You know it 's time to worry when the conservative Republican chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations , Bob Corker , warns openly that Trump could start World War III . And if you 're not convinced , consider the recent history of Russia or Turkey ; or the history of the Roman Empire under Caligula or Nero .
Pluto-populists have been turning democracies into autocracies with the same playbook for thousands of years . There 's no reason to think they would stop now . The reign of Emperor Trump could be just around the corner .
This article was published with permission of Project Syndicate — Populist Plutocracy and the Future of America .
Exercises will be of similar scale as last year , Pentagon says
Annual U.S.-South Korea military exercises will start on April 1 , the Pentagon said , in a move that risks irking North Korea .
The exercises on the Korean Peninsula would be of a similar scale as in previous years , the U.S. Department of Defense said in a statement , stressing they were routine and not in response to any North Korean provocations or the current political situation . No details were given on specifics such as whether U.S. strategic assets would be deployed .
The exercises had been delayed from their normal start in March as South Korean President Moon Jae-in sought to ensure a peaceful Olympics and Paralympics in his country . They come as Moon prepares for planned summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un next month , while U.S. President Donald Trump prepares for a potential meeting with Kim the following month .
While North Korea has long seen the drills as provocations of war , Kim was quoted by one of Moon 's envoys to Pyongyang this month as saying he understands they must go ahead . But North Korean state media said later they were a `` grave provocation aimed to deliberately deteriorate the situation of the Korean peninsula and again push it to the brink of war . ''
The Foal Eagle field training exercises will involve about 11,500 U.S. troops and 290,000 South Korean soldiers , while around 12,200 U.S. troops and 10,000 South Korean personnel will conduct the Key Resolve 18 exercises focused on computer simulations , the Pentagon said . Last year 's drills included the deployment of the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier and F-35B fighter jets .
The United Nations Command has notified the North Korean army on the schedule , the statement said .
The exercises `` demonstrate the Alliance 's commitment to the defense of the ROK through combined and joint training , '' the statement said . `` They are not conducted in response to any provocations . ''
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -- Select -- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men 's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women 's Health
EWING , N.J. — A man claims he found maggots in a sandwich he ordered from a convenience store in New Jersey .
Chris Garcia tells The Trentonian he bought a buffalo chicken cheesesteak hoagie Saturday from a Wawa store in Ewing , where he lives . He claims after a taking few bites , he noticed sauce from the sandwich was moving .
The 22-year-old says he found two maggots moving around his sandwich . Garcia 's mother recorded video of maggots crawling on the sandwich wrapper .
A spokeswoman for the 750-store chain says Wawa inspects its stores daily and holds itself to the “ highest standard of quality ” in the food it serves .
Garcia says he was given a refund after returning to the store with the sandwich .
Wawa also has stores in Pennsylvania , Delaware , Maryland , Virginia and Florida .
FORSYTH , Georgia ( 41NBC/WMGT ) – A Monroe County couple is facing murder charges after the death of their 8-month-old child .
Monroe County deputies arrested 25-year-old Sanchez Dyron Ussery , Sr. and 23-year-old Latorrica Allen on Friday . They are charged in the death of Sanchez Dyron Ussery Jr. , who died Thursday morning at the Monroe County Hospital .
The Monroe County Sheriff 's Office says when deputies were called to the hospital , the boy 's body had bruising on its chest and stomach .
Ussery , Sr. and Allen were arrested Friday and charged with Felony Murder and Cruelty to Children
Watching this type of TV is as healthy as meditating If you 'd long ruled out meditation because you ca n't stop your mind from wandering off , enlightenment could still be reached – only via remote . A new study has found mindfulness ...
Women at BBC received 'veiled threats ' when asking for equal pay LONDON – Women working for the BBC have complained they are paid less than men in equivalent jobs and accused managers of misleading them about their pay to hide widespread ...
Six male BBC presenters take pay cuts after wage gap reveal Last July , the BBC revealed that two-thirds of its on-air talent earning more than £150,000 ( $ 212,00o USD ) were male , including the top seven earners .
The Queen 's crown is so heavy it could break your neck Lady Anne Glenconner played on the beach with Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret as a child and went to their birthday parties — but she never dreamed she would play ...
BBC reporter attacked by lemurs during report at the zoo This is the hilarious moment a BBC presenter was mobbed by lemurs as he tried to report from a zoo . BBC Norfolk reporter Alex Dunlop was trying to broadcast a ...
Barack Obama avoids naming Donald Trump in Prince Harry interview LONDON — Former President Barack Obama told Prince Harry in an interview broadcast Wednesday that people in leadership roles must be careful in their use of social media and warned ...
Film critic Richard Roeper was reinstated by the Chicago Sun-Times Friday . Timothy Hiatt / Getty Images For EBERTFEST 2015 file
- Advertisement -
Most of the news outlets that employ the journalists said they did not have a specific policy outlawing pay-for-play on social media . But they said more general policies prohibiting misrepresentation should be enough to put their journalists on notice against paying to pump up their followings .
“ One of the currencies of our time is the number of people who follow you on social media . As with any currency , people try to get more in both honest and dishonest ways , ” said Sree Sreenivasan , former chief digital officer of New York City and now a consultant who teaches social media around the country . “ What is common sense in real life should be common sense in social media . In real life , you do not steal and you do not counterfeit . So why would you do that here , on Twitter ? ”
The Times article focused on a
particular firm , Devumi , for selling phony “ bot ” followers on Twitter , and included the names of public figures who had paid Devumi for followers .
The story 's collateral impact was felt across several newsrooms , some of which took action . The Chicago Sun-Times briefly
suspended film critic Richard Roeper , before reinstating him . The Hill , a Washington political newspaper , banned social media “ juicing , ” as the practice of buying followers is known . Other outlets acknowledged they had n't confronted the issue .
The Times reported that Devumi had made millions by supplying customers with more than 200 million Twitter followers . But rather than offering a real audience , the Devumi followers were actually electronic counterfeits , known as bots , which were sometimes created by mimicking the accounts of real Twitter users .
A customer might pay $ 225 for 25,000 followers to appear more popular on Twitter than they really are , The Times said . Some of those Twitter users cash in on those followings by selling themselves as social “ influencers ” who hawk products and causes for pay .
The New York Times has a policy prohibiting its journalists from engaging in deceptive practices . They also “ should not misrepresent how many [ social media ] followers they really have , ” Danielle Rhodes Ha , a Times spokeswoman , said . She said the paper was considering updating its social media guidelines to address the issue .
Jane E. Kirtley , a professor of media ethics and law at the University of Minnesota 's journalism school , said it should be obvious why media figures should not pay to artificially inflate their social media audiences .
“ The only thing reporters have to peddle ( to differentiate themselves from bloggers and others who are not really news people ) is their credibility , ” Kirtley said via email . “ Gaining followers by buying them results in a loss of integrity and , ultimately , one 's reputation , because , sooner or later , you 'll be found out . ”
Roeper was arguably the best known of those identified in the Times article , thanks largely to his days co-hosting television 's “ At the Movies , ” along with Roger Ebert , who died in 2013 . Roeper 's Twitter profile lists more than 224,000 followers . But after the Times reported that an untold number of those fans had been purchased from Duvemi , the Sun-Times said it was suspending publication of Roeper 's reviews and columns .
The Sun-Times announced Friday evening that it had concluded its investigation and that Roeper had cooperated fully and acknowledged that he had purchased about 50,000 followers on at least six occasions . The paper said he was “ genuinely contrite ” and would resume writing film reviews , though not “ general interest news columns . ”
“ In the interest of transparency and a fresh start , ” Roeper wrote in a statement , “ I will be voluntarily deactivating my Twitter account and launching a new account. ” He started the new handle @ RichardERoeper on Friday . With less than 100 followers , he has a long way to go to rebuild his previously reported following of nearly 219,000 .
Joe Concha , media
columnist for The Hill , acknowledged that he had paid for Twitter followers . Concha said on Twitter ( where he is credited with 42,548 followers as of Thursday ) that he had consulted with a friend with a social media business “ to improve my footprint in the space , ” buying 5,000 followers .
Awhile back I tapped a friend 's social media business to improve my footprint in the space . Part of several recommendations in expanding reach/visibility was to purchase followers . I took all advice & most pointers was solid . The one lament was the follower purchase . Not needed . — Joe Concha ( @ JoeConchaTV ) January 26 , 2018
Before the Times article , Bob Cusack , editor-in-chief of the Hill , said he had n't heard about buying followers .
“ So we had no policy , ” Cusack said by email . “ Now that we know about this , we have adopted a policy that reporters should not buy Twitter followers . “
The Times did not report , in most cases , how many followers the journalists had purchased on Twitter . But in the case of frequent CNN contributor and
Democratic activist Hilary Rosen , it reported that she had bought more than half a million followers . Rosen told the Times the purchase was “ an experiment I did several years ago to see how it worked . ”
Like most outlets interviewed for this article , CNN does not have an explicit policy prohibiting the purchase of social media supporters . And even if it did , CNN executives simply do n't have the bandwidth to crack down on fake followers , said one insider who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he had not been authorized to speak on the topic .
Also on the newspaper 's list was
Melanie Bromley , chief correspondent for E ! News , who has paid for some of her Twitter followers , which now number more than 23,000 . E ! is an entertainment division of NBCUniversal , the parent company of NBCNews.com .
Neither Bromley nor an E ! spokesperson responded to a request for comment .
Buying an electronic following , said Kirtley , the ethics expert , “ defeats the whole purpose of attracting followers , which presumably is to engage with them. ” She suggested it 's more meaningful to be followed , “ liked ” or retweeted by a living , breathing fan , rather than an electronic fabrication .
Bots can follow . They can retweet . But they ca n't come to your book signing .
Carmakers who 've linked their autonomous futures to Uber Technologies Inc. could feel the effects after a self-driving car from the ride-hailing giant hit and killed a woman in Tempe , Arizona , on Sunday evening .
Volvo Cars , which makes the vehicles that San Francisco-based Uber uses in its self-driving tests , declined to comment in detail on the incident . In November , Uber agreed to buy 24,000 Volvo sport utility vehicles on which it planned to install its own sensors and software to permit pilot-less driving .
“ We are aware that Uber is cooperating with local authorities in their investigation , ” Volvo said in a statement after the crash .
Toyota Motor Corp. also has been working on a plan to team up with Uber on autonomous driving . Dara Khosrowshahi , chief executive officer of Uber , posted a photo on Twitter with Toyota President Akio Toyoda at the automaker 's headquarters last month , though details on the collaboration have been slim .
A Toyota spokesman said last week the automaker had n't yet decided whether to buy Uber 's driverless-car software . At CES in January , Toyota unveiled an electric self-driving concept vehicle that it will develop jointly with customers including Uber and Amazon.com Inc. Toyota bought a stake in Uber in 2016 , without disclosing the size or the reason for the investment .
“ We believe that open collaboration with various companies is critical ” for mobility as a service , a spokeswoman for Toyota said in an email after the Uber incident . “ As such , we regularly exchange information about automated driving with Uber for some time now . However , beyond what we have announced , nothing is decided at this moment . ”
Daimler AG , the manufacturer of Mercedes-Benz , has also reached an agreement with Uber to include the German company 's self-driving vehicles on its ride-hailing network in the “ coming years. ” Daimler declined to comment Monday on the Uber incident .
— With assistance by Elisabeth Behrmann
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Moment of NYC blast caught on camera 3:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The suspect in a terror-related attack in New York City has been identified as Akayed Ullah , a 27-year-old Bangladeshi immigrant who lives in Brooklyn .
Akayed Ullah 's passport photo .
The suspect — who had the device affixed to his body by Velcro and zip ties , according to police — was being treated for wounds and burns at Bellevue Hospital .
`` He did make statements but we 're not going to talk about that right now , '' NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill said at a news conference after the Monday morning incident in a subway passageway near the Port Authority Bus Terminal .
Authorities said it was unclear if the man planned for the device to explode where it did or if he had another target .
Mayor Bill de Blasio said it appeared the suspect acted alone .
`` All we know of is one individual who , thank God , was unsuccessful in his aims , '' de Blasio said .
Police take down Akayed Ullah .
This is a developing story , check back for updates .
By SAM ZEFF
After four years of planning for concealed carry in Kansas government buildings , you might expect that officials would have the wrinkles ironed out — that they would have considered all the possibilities .
But there is still confusion , and it starts at Cedar Crest , the stately governor 's mansion on the west side of Topeka .
Kansas governors have lived there since 1962 . It 's open for tours on Mondays from 1-3:30 p.m. and hosts the occasional public function .
And , it turns out , it 's a bit of a magic mansion .
“ It 's a public property when it 's open to the public and it 's a private residence for the governor and his family , ” says Lt. Adam Winters , spokesman for the Kansas Highway Patrol , the agency that is responsible for security at Cedar Crest .
Winters says Cedar Crest is a private residence when the governor or his family is at home , and if they wanted to ban guns they could . But it turns into a public building like the statehouse , department of motor vehicles or a college lecture hall when they are gone , he says , and firearms must be allowed .
How did the Highway Patrol reach that conclusion ?
“ I went and I did all the research that I could to find the answers for you . I used several avenues to get that information , ” says Winters .
But Winters did not provide further explanation . Is there a statute ? A regulation ? Why does the building 's status change depending on whether Gov . Brownback or his family is there ?
This much is known : In June , before KCUR began asking questions , signs banning guns were posted at Cedar Crest and the park surrounding it .
When first asked whether those signs would stay up after July 1 — when the state 's concealed carry law expanded to all government buildings — the Capitol Police , the part of the Highway Patrol that protects Cedar Crest , said “ absolutely yes ” and cited a 2011 law .
That legislation banned guns in Cedar Crest , the park and other government buildings .
But then in 2013 , the Legislature passed the Personal and Family Protection Act , essentially opening up the carrying of concealed guns almost everywhere . But the ban on guns at Cedar Crest was n't specifically repealed , which explains why the Capitol Police initially said the ban on guns in the governor 's mansion would continue .
But the state soon changed its tune . A few days after KCUR 's phone call with the Capitol Police , the no-gun signs were gone and the Highway Patrol offered its explanation of how Cedar Crest is different from all other state-owned buildings .
Or is it ?
“ The way the Kansas law is written , there are no buildings that are exempt from the Family and Personal Protection Act , ” says Breeze Richardson , spokeswoman for the Kansas Board of Regents .
Where do Kansas colleges fit into the story ?
It turns out that the CEOs of the Regents ' six universities live in state-owned mansions , just like Cedar Crest .
“ A CEO 's private residence is a state-owned building in the same way that a major academic building would be or an athletic facility , ” Richardson says .
The Personal and Family Protection Act actually prohibits college professors or a potential dormitory roommate from even asking if someone is carrying a concealed pistol . That also goes for university CEOs , who often use their mansions for fundraising .
“ That 's correct . My understanding is that you can not ask or require a list of any kind of who is carrying concealed , ” Richardson says .
What does a university president think about being forced to potentially allow people who might have a gun into their home ?
KCUR asked Richard Myers , who has been Kansas State University president for about 18 months .
“ Well , you know , I probably already have because the definition of concealed is you do n't see it , ” says Myers .
He also stresses that many K-State faculty and staff support allowing concealed carry on campus .
Myers is a former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and a combat fighter pilot with a Distinguished Flying Cross , so he knows something about weapons .
And just like his colleagues , Myers is required to live in the campus house . He says he is not worried about his safety . But he is worried the concealed carry law will drive away good people from the university .
“ Unfortunately , very unfortunately , we 'll lose some really capable faculty members over this . And perhaps staff as well , ” Myers says .
Myers ' house , the other campus CEO mansions and Cedar Crest are all houses for transients — the occupants regularly change .
So while Gov . Brownback 's spokeswoman says Brownback has no qualms about letting people who are packing pistols into Cedar Crest , Brownback is leaving soon for a job in the Trump administration . Plus there 's an election next year .
At this point , then , it 's fair to say that , despite all the planning for concealed carry , there is still confusion .
Sam Zeff covers education for the Kansas News Service and is co-host of the political podcast Statehouse Blend Kansas . Follow him on Twitter @ SamZeff .
Damascus , SANA – A woman and her daughter were martyred and three other civilians were injured due to terrorist attacks with shells on the residential neighborhood of Damascus .
A source at Damascus Police Command said that a rocket shell fired by terrorist organizations positioned in Eastern Ghouta landed on civilians ' houses in al-Hajibia area in al-Shaghour neighborhood , claiming the lives of a woman and her daughter .
Two other civilians were injured and material damage was caused to properties as a result of a terrorist attack with a rocket shell on al-Dwilia neighborhood .
Another shell landed on St. Josef Church in the same neighborhood , causing the injury of a civilian and material damage to the Church .
Meanwhile in Jaramana , a source at Damascus Countryside Police Command said that a shell fall in al-Homsi neighborhood in the city , which caused only material damage .
Manar al-Freih / Hazem Sabbagh
If you 're on a budget , chances are that you 've debated a purchase between an older flagship and a newer mid-ranger . Do you want a Moto G4 , or a Moto X Pure ? A Galaxy Note5 or a Galaxy S7 ? For those of you who prefer buying powerful last-gen hardware , Newegg has got a deal for you : two Benjamins will get you a ZTE Axon Pro with a sizable 64GB of storage .
When the Axon Pro was new , it packed some pretty competitive hardware : a 5.5-inch 1440p LCD display , a Snapdragon 810 ( which reportedly performs decently in the Axon Pro ) , 4GB of RAM , 64GB of internal storage , dual rear cameras ( 13MP + 2MP ) , and a 3000mAh battery . It also has great audio , both through the headphone jack and through its front-facing speaker ( only one is for audio ) . Virtually its only downfall in this regard is its lack of a microSD slot , but 64GB should be perfectly serviceable for most .
The Axon Pro also comes with two noteworthy extras : a set of JBL E13 in-ear headphones , and ZTE 's fantastic Passport 2.0 warranty , which you can see details of above .
Want a 64GB Axon Pro of your very own for the low , low price of $ 200 ? Well , you 're limited to the gold color ( which you 'll use discount code 0210CLS03 to get to from $ 249.99 ) , and the discount will end around six hours from the time of this article 's publishing . If you do n't think you need 64GB , you can get the `` Phthalo Blue '' 32GB variant for $ 176 with the same code ( it 's probably worth it to get the 64GB variant for $ 24 more ) .
Should you not need specs that powerful , you can get a lower-end 32GB Axon in that same Phthalo Blue with a 5.5 '' 1080p panel , a Snapdragon 801 , 2GB of RAM , and 32GB of internal storage for just $ 128 with the same discount code . It 'll come with the same JBL headphones and the same Passport 2.0 warranty . Again , these prices will expire in roughly six hours , so do n't wait up if you 're interested .
‘ I promised Molly Keane her funeral would be a celebration '
Molly Keane . Picture : D Donohue Archant
Hampstead Theatre founder JAMES ROOSE EVANS reviews an honest memoir of his friend the Irish writer Molly Keane by her daughter Sally
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in .
Molly Keane , was the last of the major Anglo-Irish writers , and a way of life that no longer exists outside of such novels such as her masterpiece , Good Behaviour . In her early years she was part of the hunting set and her first novels , all published under the pseudonym of J.G.Farrell , brilliantly convey the thrill and the danger of hunting . It was through the hunting set that she met John Perry who was closely involved with London theatre . As a result she wrote four plays , each of which was produced in the West End by H.M.Tennents , with starry casts , each directed by John Gielgud . Her first play , Spring Meeting was a huge success . She told me , ‘ Everyone from the hunting world in Ireland came to the first night to see themselves depicted on stage , and loved it . It ran and ran and was a huge success . It was at the Ambassadors Theatre where you had your production of 84 Charing Cross Road . '
In October 1939 she married Bobbie Keane , who died , quite unexpectedly , of a blood clot in 1946 . Molly was devastated and could not stop weeping . Her daughter , Sally , then aged eight , said to her , as Molly told me , ‘ Mummy , Mummy , you must stop crying . We must n't let them see us crying . ' For almost forty years , however , she stopped writing plays or novels until Good Behaviour , became an overnight success both in England and America .
Suddenly she was coming regularly to England for major TV , radio and press interviews , staying in Hampstead either with her oldest friend Dame Peggy Ashcroft , or with her younger daughter Virginia Brownlow , who lived across the street from me . This was how we met and our friendship began . I suggested that as she was now living through old age she might consider writing a black comedy about this . The result was the first of many visits to Ireland , including my having a home near her . She conceived of a play entitled A Waltz with Age , not based , as Sally Phipps says , on an unwritten novel about two sisters , but with a wholly original plot which also involved us in a journey to Sligo , and to Yeats ' Isle of Innisfree , as part of the research required . Alas , although she wrote quite a bit of dialogue for this , the energy required was beyond her and , instead , she asked me to adapt her novel , Loving without Tears , which I did under the title of Angel .
On one occasion I accompanied Molly to the small Protestant church in Ardmore , where Molly lived , for the funeral of her friend Patricia Coburn . It was the most lugubrious service I have ever attended . At the end , Molly grabbed my arm and whispered , ‘ Darling , when my time comes , promise it wo n't be like that ! ' and I answered , ‘ Molly , I promise it will be a celebration ! ' When that time came , Sally , Virginia and I filled all the window embrasures with flowers , and lit many candles . Hurd Hatfield , a close friend ( why is there no mention of him ? ) read a poem , and I spoke . The church was packed , with people standing outside .
A loyal friend , a wonderful hostess and lover of parties , none-the-less , like many of her characters , Molly 's anger could lacerate people . ‘ Her anger was hard to deal with ' writes Sally Phipps . ‘ It took her a long time to shake it off and it took her victims time to recover . ' Typical of Molly 's cutting edge was when she snapped at Sally , who did so much for her , ‘ I do n't want you to come to my funeral . Virginia can arrange it all . '
It is this ability of Sally Phipps to see her mother in the round , and without judgement , that makes this a remarkable memoir .
Molly Keane A Life by Sally Phipps is published by Virago price £20
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Leeds moved joint top of Super League on Easter Monday , and Brian McDermott was satisfied with his side 's display in the first-half .
The Rhinos were ahead 30-6 at half-time , and although Widnes scored three tries in the second-half , McDermott was satisfied with his side 's latest victory .
“ We found ourselves in a situation where we were fighting for the game and credit to our players – they showed some maturity and when they got the chance they got over to score a try .
“ I wo n't get on the players ' backs about the second half – it made it interesting and entertaining – but the most pleasing thing is that we were very good and very clinical in the first half . ”
Everyone Crap on the Patriots Week continues . After Cassius Marsh said “ there 's nothing fun about ” playing in New England , Eagles OG Brandon Brooks came out and ripped one of Bill Belichick 's most successful proteges , Bill O'Brien , while also taking a shot at the Pats .
Via Bleeding Green Nation :
“ It 's crazy that people have n't known this , ” said Brooks . “ It 's been this way for like a decade . You 've seen— Reggie Wayne did it . He retired . He went there [ to the Patriots ] for a training camp and retired . [ Expletive ] is not fun there . I was under the same regime in Houston [ with O'Brien ] . I almost retired . Shit was miserable , every day . Every day. ” “ I came in [ as a rookie ] under [ Gary ] Kubiak , who was just an older version of Doug [ Pederson ] , then I went to O'Brien , who was Belichick , and then I came back to Doug , who 's like Kubes , so for me , man , shit was great . Like , I can not tell you how much better this is than it was down there . Like , it 's just night and day . What does [ Eagles offensive line coach Jeff Stoutland ] say ? Happy workers make more productive workers . When you 're not having fun , man , those grinding , those hard-ass nosed days … ”
Brooks ' comments echo those of Eagles offensive line-mate Lane Johnson , who called the Patriots a “ fear-based organization ” earlier in the offseason . Johnson was nearby when Brooks made his comments about playing for the Texans and decided to interject…
“ All the media wants to talk about is rings , ” Johnson started . “ Rings . I 'm going to get this ring and never wear it one day . I 'm going to put it away in a box . The only thing you 're going to remember from your playing days , you 're not going to remember the scores . You 're going to remember the people you played with and how you felt . And that 's the truth . “ All these guys talking about ‘ I 'll take the rings . ' OK. You can have your rings . You can also have [ expletive ] 15 miserable years . ”
The Eagles and Patriots do not play during the 2018 regular season but will meet up in the preseason . And Brooks will get a chance to beat his former coach when Houston travels to Philly for a December game .
Thanks to Bleeding Green Nation for sharing .
Image copyright Getty Images
J Hus has apologised to fans after he was charged with carrying a knife .
In a Tweet , the rapper said : `` Been seeing a lot of support from fans , artists and family .
`` I appreciate everything , Trust me . ''
He also thanked his team `` for the work behind the scenes '' and apologised to fans for cancelling some shows .
Skip Twitter post by @ Jhus Been seeing a lot of support from fans , artists and family . I appreciate everything , Trust me . Shoutout my team for the work behind the scenes . Also sorry for the cancelled live dates I 've missed out on .
Time to finish the album . 🖤🙏🏿 — J HUS ( @ Jhus ) July 4 , 2018 Report
The rapper , using his real name Momodou Jallow , appeared at Thames Magistrates ' Court on Friday , 22 June .
He was bailed and will next appear at Snaresbrook Crown Court on Friday 20 July .
The 23-year-old was arrested on 21 June , close to Westfield shopping centre in Stratford in east London , after being stopped in a vehicle by a marked police car .
`` Occupants of the vehicle were searched and a man was arrested on suspicion of being in possession of a knife/bladed article , '' police said .
J Hus pulled out of performing at TRNSMT festival in Glasgow last weekend .
He was due to play the main stage on Saturday but was replaced by Gerry Cinnamon .
The MOBO award winner , and three-time Brit award nominee , was also due to appear at Wireless Festival on 7 July at Finsbury Park in London but he has now been removed from the line-up .
Since his arrest , he 's received support from artists in the industry , with Lethal Bizzle defending his decision to carry a knife .
Skip Twitter post by @ LethalBizzle J Hus 😢 . The boy has been to hell and back . Being stabbed is a llife-changingexperience . Im sure he felt he needed to proctect himself . I hope the judge takes all into account . Im gon na sit with him at some point and have a grown chat . He 's a star , needs to move different 😔 — # FLEXREMIXOUTNOW ( @ LethalBizzle ) June 23 , 2018 Report
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram , Facebook and Twitter .
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here .
Waterford County Board chairman Paddy Joe Ryan said there was no intent in Austin Gleeson 's controversial clash with Luke Meade and hopes Galway corner-back Adrian Tuohy 's reprieve after a similar incident last week serves as a good omen .
Gleeson and Corkman Meade tangled during yesterday 's All-Ireland SHC semi-final , with Gleeson appearing to pull off his opponent 's helmet .
Galway 's Tuohy did not face any disciplinary action following an incident with Tipperary 's Patrick Maher in the first All-Ireland semi-final . The helmet of the Tipp centre-forward came off during the first-half clash with both men competing for the ball and it was feared that retrospective action could lead him to miss next month 's decider .
Speaking to RTÉ news in Dungarvan , Ryan said the Gleeson clash would not be classed as deliberate and that there was no intent by the player .
He said Waterford do not want to be entangled in disciplinary matters in the weeks leading up to the All-Ireland final .
`` We just want this thing to take its course and hopefully we will be more or less full strength for the final , '' he said , adding that the Waterford County Board will look at the referee 's report when it is available and that they will address any matters arising if any exist , also in relation to Conor Gleeson , who was sent off on a straight red card .
Ryan revealed they 'll wait and see what 's in the report by referee James Owens before they decide on a course of action , if any is required .
Image copyright PA Image caption Sheku Kanneh-Mason was the BBC 's Young Musician in 2016
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have announced some of the performers who will appear at their wedding .
The couple have chosen a number of choral groups , soloists and musicians to perform at the service , which will take place at St George 's Chapel on 19 May .
Cellist and BBC Young Musician 2016 Sheku Kanneh-Mason is among them , as is Welsh soprano Elin Manahan Thomas .
The music will be overseen by James Vivian , the chapel 's director of music .
Kensington Palace revealed in a string of tweets that the couple had taken `` a great deal of interest and care in choosing the music for their service '' , adding the music chosen would include a number of well-known hymns and choral works .
Skip Twitter post by @ KensingtonRoyal Both Prince Harry and Ms. Markle have taken a great deal of interest and care in choosing the music for their Service , which will include a number of well-known hymns and choral works.⁰⁰
Find out more here : https : //t.co/cy4c3rjDUi — Kensington Palace ( @ KensingtonRoyal ) April 24 , 2018 Report
Mr Kanneh-Mason tweeted in response saying he was `` excited and honoured '' to perform at the wedding . The cellist played for Prince Harry at a fundraising event last year for the Antiguan charity the Halo Foundation .
Skip Twitter post by @ ShekuKM I 'm so excited and honoured to perform at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 's wedding . I was bowled over when Ms Markle called me to ask if I would play during the ceremony , and of course I immediately said yes ! ! ! What a privilege . I ca n't wait ! https : //t.co/TU0lyKloCD — Sheku Kanneh-Mason ( @ ShekuKM ) April 24 , 2018 Report
The 19-year-old also revealed that he received a phone call from Ms Markle herself , asking him if he would play during their ceremony .
`` I immediately said yes ! ! ! What a privilege . I ca n't wait ! '' he tweeted .
Kanneh-Mason has scored the biggest-selling British debut of the year earlier this year with his classical album , Inspiration .
The Kingdom Choir , led by Karen Gibson , will be among the choral groups to perform at the wedding service .
Gibson said they were honoured and excited to have been picked . `` It will be a moment that we will always treasure , '' she said .
Image copyright PA Image caption Karen Gibson and the Kingdom Choir have been performing for more than 20 years
The Christian gospel group has previously performed at a memorial service of Stephen Lawrence . Both Prince Harry and Ms Markle attended a service on Monday to commemorate 25 years since Stephen was murdered in a racially motivated attack in London .
Soprano Elin Manahan Thomas will also perform with an orchestra - to be conducted by Christopher Warren-Green - made up of musicians from the BBC National Orchestra of Wales , the English Chamber Orchestra and the Philharmonia .
Image copyright PA Image caption Elin Manahan Thomas has previously performed at the 2012 Paralympics Opening Ceremony
Thomas told BBC News : `` I 'm thrilled to have been asked to sing at such a momentous occasion . It 's always an honour to be invited to be a part of a wedding , and getting to share in a couple 's big day is very special .
`` I know that the eyes of the world will be on Windsor on May 19th , and I wish everyone involved all the best in the upcoming preparations ! ''
Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .
Legacy Shooting Bench- new LegacyShootingProducts.com
Use coupon code LRH2017 to get $ 50 off your order on the newly enhanced benches . We are taking orders now for delivery by March 1 ( est . )
We have made another leap in design to make the most stable portable shooting bench even better . The new design uses a CNC cut socket along with the current lathe-cut leg , to create even more stability into our medium-weight portable shooting bench . The older design was good but we still wanted greater ease-of-use and a quicker set-up . With CNC technology , the new design is made with precision and tight tolerances to provide another Legacy enhancement to our already-popular shooting bench .
Our quality , innovative benches have been reviewed here ( Legacy Portable Shooting Bench Review )
and we 've shipped these all over the US and AK to discriminating shooters and hunters .
Though I practice prone for hunting , using a bench allows me to shoot longer strings without fatigue and neck aches the next day and allows me to shoot over the typical grassy terrain that otherwise is impossible . Try one of our benches and you 'll agree .
Thanks to all the support from our readers for a good start-up 2016 with our family-owned business .
E. Wade Loudamy
Legacy Shooting Products Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
Cam Newton apologized after he told a reporter that it was funny to hear “ a female ” talk about routes this week — an apology that came too late for many , including Dannon , which dropped him as their spokesperson .
And it did n't stop Stephen Colbert from finding the perfect way to weigh in on the Carolina QB and the idea that women should n't be talking about football ( the joke starts around the 3 minute mark ) :
Sign up Like this article ? Sign up for the Win email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning . Success Thanks for signing up .
You 'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow . Whoa ! Something went wrong . Try again ?
In a quip early Friday on MSNBC 's “ Morning Joe , ” Rep. Ron DeSantis , a Florida Republican , revealed that , at least for him and fellow members of the tea-party-aligned House Freedom Caucus , the frustration felt when the 7-year-old effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act foundered in the Senate threw into sharper relief a peculiar legislative-branch dynamic :
‘ I say the Democrats are our adversaries . The Senate is our enemy . ' Rep. Ron DeSantis
See : ‘ Barack Obama Day ' is the newest holiday in Illinois
And : Trump blames Congress for ‘ dangerous ' low in U.S.-Russia relationship | Zuckerberg hires ex-Clinton pollster
Protect food warning over seagulls
A school in the borough recently had to employ the help of birds of prey to deter the gulls .
If your industry requires components to be 'functionally safe , ' Imagination has a high-powered processor for you .
Picture this : The networking stack on the main pump controller has crashed , and you need to reboot it -- but it 's 20 meters underground , on another continent -- and there 's no-one on site to hit 'reset ' .
Or you 're bowling along the highway and one of the processor cores in your self-driving car gets zapped by a cosmic ray ( yes , this could actually happen ) . The software ca n't tell whether the resulting error is a transient glitch or a hardware fault , so limits you to 50 kilometers per hour for safety : No fun with a monster truck hurtling up behind you .
Chip designers such as ARM and Imagination Technologies are applying industrial safety design techniques to their processor cores so that they can get themselves out of situations like this . You could soon feel the benefit even if you do n't run a subterranean pumping station in Azerbaijan , nor yet have a self-driving car in your garage .
Functionally safe
We place a lot of faith in the processors in our internet of things , counting on the software they run to perform to spec in all circumstances . But there are problems that no amount of bounds checking , input sanitization or exception handling can fix .
That 's why manufacturers in many industries seek to make their products functionally safe -- that is , ensuring that they remain in a safe state and respond as expected , regardless of environment , inputs or hardware failures . There are even standards for how to do so : The generic IEC 61508 has variants for specific industries , including ISO 26262 for automotive manufacturing .
It 's one thing building such a system when you 're designing or specifying every detail of every component yourself . Relying on an external supplier for complex subsystems -- or your suppliers ' supplier in the case of microprocessors designed by one company and built by another -- is something else entirely .
The standards describe how to incorporate such components -- known as safety elements out of context ( SEooCs ) -- into functionally safe systems , and companies such as ARM and Imagination Technologies are applying them to their processor cores designs .
ARM has offered functionally safe variants of some of its Cortex-R series processor designs for a couple of years now . These are processor cores designed for hard real-time applications , where a response must come within a fixed window of time . The blazing fast cores that you will find in computer vision applications or the latest flagship smartphones , though , are more likely to belong to the Cortex-A line , none of which are available in functionally safe variants .
Imagination has a competing line of low-power core designs based on the MIPS architecture , which have also found their place in computer vision applications -- although sadly for Imagination , not in smartphones .
Mobileye uses MIPS cores in the EyeQ 4 system-on-chip ( SoC ) devices it develops for auto manufacturers to provide automated driver assistance systems such as lane keeping or adaptive cruise control .
Last year , it said it would use Imagination 's MIPS I6500 core in its EyeQ 5 SoCs intended to support autonomous driving . The I6500 is a 64-bit multicore design in which the cores can run at different speeds ( `` heterogeneous inside , '' as Imagination puts it ) and which can easily connect to GPUs and other application-specific accelerators ( `` heterogeneous outside '' ) .
There was just one hitch : There was no guarantee that it would be functionally safe , a must in the safety-conscious automobile industry .
Now , though , Imagination has overhauled the design . A new version , the I6500-F , contains additional transistors to flag errors in data transmission and storage , and to perform regular self-test operations on processor cores in a way that does n't affect operation .
Accelerators
Chip designers that are able to support functionally safe design methodologies can help device makers get their products on the market quicker .
`` There are some changes to the 6500 to make it the F , but these changes do n't change the functionality of the design , '' said Tim Mace , Business Development Manager for MIPS and Imagination . `` It runs the same software and integrates with accelerators in the same way . ''
The main benefit of the new version , he said , is the level of compliance with ISO 26262 , but there 's also some additional logic , largely transparent to the user , that is able to report errors when it finds them .
`` Even if your silicon does exactly what you intended it to do , it can still change over time . For example , it can just wear out . Or you can get some random errors , for example from solar radiation or background radiation . A bit could change . You need some resilience to spot these errors when they occur and some mechanism to make sure it fails safe or recovers gracefully . ''
That resilience comes from the incorporation of parity checks and logic for built-in self-testing . In a multi-core processor design like the I6500 , that could involve repeatedly moving processes to a known-good core , and self-testing the now-vacant core to be sure it too is safe .
`` In automotive there is a requirement that if an error occurs , you need to detect it within a certain period of time . We need to repeat these checks in the background to continuously check if an error has crept in , '' said Mace .
The extra logic increases the die size of the chip by less than 10 percent , and will entail a slight increase in cost , but that could be a small price to pay for a `` thing '' that stays on the internet -- or the road -- even when the unexpected happens .
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn . The group is open to CIOs , IT Directors , COOs , CTOs and senior IT managers .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — The Dallas Stars put themselves in position for a big win on Monday night . It just took them a while to finish off the New York Rangers , thanks to Ondrej Pavelec .
Jason Spezza scored in the shootout , and the Stars snapped a three-game losing streak with a 2-1 victory over the Rangers .
`` It would have been a shame to not get two points in this game the way we played , '' Dallas coach Ken Hitchcock said . `` We are starting to really play strong 5-on-5 hockey right now . We are getting a lot of scoring chances and we are not giving up a lot which is a really good sign . ''
Kari Lehtonen made 24 saves for Dallas in the opener of its four-game East Coast road trip against the Metropolitan Division . It was Lehtonen 's 299th career NHL victory .
Dallas outshot New York 45-25 , but Pavelec kept the Rangers in the game with an outstanding performance in goal .
`` I do n't think anyone in our dressing room does n't know that other than Pavelec , we did n't play real well tonight . '' Rangers coach Alain Vigneault said . `` There are two positives , Pavs played unreal and because of his performance we were able to get a point . Other than that , we were n't good . ''
The Stars had a 1-0 lead before Rick Nash tied it for the Rangers when he tipped in Brady Skjei 's wrist shot with 3:41 left in regulation . Nash made contact with Lehtonen but the goalie was well outside the blue paint . Hitchcock challenged the play , but the referees stayed with the original call .
`` I thought the mental toughness was after the ( Nash ) goal , '' Hitchcock said . `` I do n't know why that goal was allowed but I thought our next shift was outstanding . That to me is the mental toughness that we are starting to show . We had the Rangers in for 35 seconds in their own zone and that 's a good sign . ''
Julius Honka put Dallas in front when he drove a slap shot past Pavelec at 6:30 of the second period for his first of the season . The 2014 first-round pick rejoined the lineup after sitting for the previous three games .
`` If we play like that , we can beat any team in this league , '' Honka said . `` We just have to keep going and keep up the good work . ''
New York generated very little offensive pressure for the first two periods . J.T . Miller had a breakaway opportunity at 8:46 of the second , but came up empty .
`` I think everyone in here knows that was embarrassing for two periods , '' Rangers forward Mats Zuccarello said . `` They smacked us around and we did n't win one battle , we did n't win a puck battle in front of the net . We were n't first on the pucks . It 's not acceptable for the team that we are supposed to be . I think everyone in here knows that . ''
NOTES : Rangers C Mika Zibanejad missed his sixth consecutive game due to a concussion . Zibanejad has been skating on his own and participated in New York 's morning skate , but has not been cleared for contact . ... New York D Marc Staal skated in his 719th game , tying Andy Bathgate for 11th place on the franchise 's career games list . ... Stars F Jason Dickinson , who was recalled from the minors over the weekend , played on Dallas ' fourth line . ... Dallas F Antoine Roussel was held out after suffering an upper-body injury against the Golden Knights on Saturday .
UP NEXT
Rangers : Visit the Ottawa Senators on Wednesday .
Stars : Visit the New York Islanders on Wednesday .
April is Sexual Assault Awareness Month . In recent years , our Miami University community has been part of a national conversation . Many are speaking out against power imbalances between men and women , as well as abusive behavior in a variety of settings . From # MeToo to # TimesUp , women and men alike are rallying against these abuses .
In some ways , society is catching up to an awakening that started on college campuses decades ago , when increased recognition of sexual assault led to expansion of Title IX and other programs . Sexual and interpersonal violence is far too common everywhere .
One incident of sexual and interpersonal violence is one too many . At Miami University and everywhere , we must always strive to do better . We stand together with survivors of sexual and interpersonal violence , and will continue to support their efforts to recover from the trauma and pain inflicted on them and those around them .
To the Miami Student , Associated Student Government and so many dedicated students , thank you for helping to keep these issues front and center . We need the help of all Miamians to reduce instances of sexual and interpersonal violence on our campus , in our town , and everywhere . We will work with you by fully investigating all reports and holding perpetrators accountable . As a university , we have hired a new leader for our student health and wellness services and are launching a new model called the Healthy Miami Collaborative – encompassing the Student Health Center , sexual and interpersonal violence , mental health and other wellness topics . We will continue to strengthen our efforts at both prevention and response .
Let 's resolve together that we will not be uninvolved bystanders . If you see dangerous or inappropriate behavior , stand up to it , or call someone who can . It might just be a gut feeling that someone needs help , and you should trust those instincts . All of our initiatives combined can not substitute for friends and fellow students who do the right thing . Please use all the resources we offer [ https : //miamioh.edu/campus-safety/sexual-assault/ ] , including our partnership with Women Helping Women . Also , Miami 's diversity website [ http : //miamioh.edu/diversity-inclusion/programs-resources/report-incident/ ] makes it easier to report incidents including bias , harassment , sexual assaults and hate crimes .
If an incident occurs , please report it . That is the way to get victims of the incident the help they need and to hold people accountable . Together , we can continue the progress we have made so far , and make our campuses safer and more secure .
Signed ,
Gregory P. Crawford , President
Cathy Bishop-Clark , Interim Dean , Miami University Regionals , College of Liberal Arts and Applied Science
Jayne Brownell , Vice President for Student Affairs
Phyllis Callahan , Executive Vice President and Provost
Jerome Conley , Dean and University Librarian
David Creamer , Senior Vice President , Finance and Business Services
Mike Curme , Dean of Students
Michael Dantley , Dean of the College of Education , Health and Society
Marek Dollar , Dean of the College of Engineering and Computing
Tom Herbert , Senior Vice President , University Advancement
Michael Kabbaz , Senior Vice President , Enrollment Management and Student Success
Chris Makaroff , Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences
Liz Mullenix , Dean of the College of Creative Arts
J.P. Natale , Vice President for Information Technology
Jim Oris , Associate Provost for Research and Dean of the Graduate School
Robin Parker , General Counsel
Ted Pickerill , Secretary to the Board of Trustees
Marc Rubin , Dean of the Farmer School of Business
David Sayler , Director of Athletics
Ron Scott , Associate Vice President , Institutional Diversity
Randi Malcolm Thomas Esq. , Director of Institutional Relations
Comments
CHAPEL HILL , N.C. — North Carolina will add Ohio State transfer Antonio Williams to its backfield .
The school announced Tuesday that the running back is transferring with two years of eligibility remaining after he sits out this fall due to NCAA rules . He played in 12 games last year for the Buckeyes and 13 for his career , rushing 63 times for 318 yards and three touchdowns during his time there .
Williams was a four-star instate recruit who ran for 7,999 yards at North Stanly . He committed to UNC during high school before ultimately signing with the Buckeyes .
——
More AP college football : http : //collegefootball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
Liberal Redneck Trae Crowder is back with some new commentary on Roy Moore and the special Senate election happening in Alabama tomorrow between Moore and Doug Jones .
Said Crowder : “ The people 's choices are Democrat Doug Jones and a poorly written villain from a f * * king Dukes of Hazzard episode . Even when you take into account that the man that they 're replacing is a f * * king Hobbit from an alternate universe where JRR Tolkien owns slaves , Roy Moore is an unbelievable bag of sh * t. He 's a judge who 's been kicked off the bench twice for refusing to do his job , he 's taken money from his own non-profit , he 's openly admitted that he thinks the last time America was great was before the Civil War , he thinks all legislation should be drafted by Jesus , and he presumably believes that the Devil invented dinosaurs and gay people . ”
Watch :
Prosecutors told the jury in Bill Cosby 's criminal retrial that the legendary funnyman on The Cosby Show stands in glaring contrast to the sexual predator who victimized Andrea Constand .
And Cosby 's chief accuser was not his sole target , prosecutor Kristen Feden said in her closing argument , describing how scores of other women have accused Cosby of trading on his celebrity status over decades to sexually prey on them .
`` He utilized that image and cloaked it around himself so he was able to gain the trust , gain the confidence of these young , aspiring , unsuspecting women stripped of their very autonomy , stripped of their ability to say no , '' Feden said .
Over more than two weeks of testimony in a Montgomery County Court in Pennsylvania , defense lawyers routinely characterized Constand as an opportunistic `` con artist . '' Feden used that portrayal as a jumping-off point .
`` The defense was partially accurate when they use that term . But the perpetrator of the con is this man , '' Feden said .
Feden then marched over to the table of defense lawyers where Cosby has sat for the entire trial . Inches away from him , she pointed at his face .
`` Sitting right here . This is the man . Sitting right here , '' Feden bellowed .
`` Nothing funny about that ''
Andrea Constand , who was last seen by the jury when she confronted Cosby from the stand over two days , was present during the prosecution 's speeches , sitting in the audience not far from the seven men and five women who will decide Cosby 's fate . The panel sat listening raptly in the jury box .
`` The law makes it very clear . The uncorroborated testimony of the victim alone is enough to convict the defendant , so if you believe Andrea Constand , '' said Feden , gesturing toward Cosby 's main accuser who looked straight ahead with a stony gaze , `` you need to convict . ''
Feden said the defense team embarked on `` character assassination '' of the five additional accusers who took the stand against Cosby , saying the `` shameful '' attacks and questions are `` the exact reason '' sexual assault victims rarely report their assailants to authorities .
Defense lawyer Kathleen Bliss perpetuated `` rape myths '' to the jury by suggesting that victims of sexual assault bear some responsibility for being victimized , Feden argued .
Feden , at times , mocked Bliss by putting on a fake high-pitched voice and imitating her line of questions in a derisive tone .
Then she shot a look at Cosby and accused him of smirking .
`` There 's nothing funny about stripping a woman of her decency . There 's nothing funny about that , Mr. Cosby , '' Feden yelled .
At that , rows of journalists stood up and tried to catch a glimpse of Cosby , who appeared expressionless .
Prosecutors projected old photographs of first woman to testify against Cosby . The wide-eyed , youthful glam shots of the woman , Heidi Thomas , taken decades ago when she was a promising young actress . The image accompanied a play-by-play description of what Thomas said happened to her : she was drugged and sexually assaulted by Cosby at a secluded ranch house in Nevada that she visited under the guise of private acting lessons .
With the innocent photographs of Thomas as a backdrop , Feden said Cosby 's attack was no mistake : Cosby groomed and preyed on other young women the same way . He made some of the same promises of career opportunities to them before he molested them , sometimes in similar locations , such as private hotel suites , Feden said . All along , she said , Cosby assumed his victims would be too afraid to ever report him to authorities .
`` It 's the same con , ladies and gentlemen , just a different day , '' she said .
Cosby , facing the jury during this moment , shook his head in disagreement .
Some of the most convincing evidence in the case , Feden told jurors , is contained in Cosby 's own words , excerpted from a civil deposition he gave as a part of Constand 's civil lawsuit in federal court . In it , Cosby says he does not remember ever asking Constand for permission before he carried out sex acts on her in his Cheltenham mansion in early 2004 .
`` You knew that it was n't consensual because of his words , '' Feden said . `` You know it was n't consensual because of the pattern . The MO , '' she said , referring to Cosby 's alleged modus operandi of drugging and molesting women . `` And you know it was n't consensual because of the testimony of Andrea Constand . ''
In finishing up the government 's closing , prosecutor M. Stewart Ryan picked up where Feden left off . He was interrupted a handful of times with objections from the defense team .
`` I wonder what they 're so worried about , '' Ryan replied after the fourth objection .
`` I wonder what we 'll have to correct , '' Bliss countered .
Judge Steven O'Neill told both sides to settle down , reminding the court that he will address objections to closing statements later .
`` Biggest highway robberies of all time ''
Earlier , Cosby 's lawyers told the jury in the entertainer 's retrial that Constand is a `` pathological liar '' whose story of `` so-called assault '' is so replete with inconsistencies that it can not be trusted .
`` In a case like this , credibility becomes everything , '' defense attorney Tom Mesereau told the jury in closing arguments Tuesday morning . `` There are so many big lies , they get lost . The number of lies starts to drown others out . ''
Flipping through a PowerPoint presentation , Mesereau walked jurors through what he said are a dozen instances of Constand lying about her relationship with Cosby — and about what Mesereau described as her motive to milk Cosby for a financial settlement .
He pointed out discrepancies over things such as how long Constand had known Cosby ; whether Constand had ever flirted with the comedian ; and what he said were fibs about wearing a cashmere sweater Cosby gave her as a gift .
The nearly $ 3.4 million Constand received as part of a previously confidential civil settlement she reached with Cosby in 2006 was long the aim of Cosby 's chief accuser , he told jurors .
`` She took the money , ran with the money . Her mom got money , her father got money . They 're all part of the settlement agreement , '' Mesereau said . `` It 's one of the biggest highway robberies of all time . ''
The other women who confronted Cosby in court were driven by the desire for publicity and money , Cosby 's defense lawyers said , taking direct aim at the # MeToo movement . Attorney Kathleen Bliss said `` mob rule is not due process , '' adding that the claims of more than 60 women who have accused Cosby of sexual misconduct have been tantamount to a `` lynching , '' or a `` witch hunt . ''
`` When you join a movement based mostly on emotion and anger , you do n't change a damn thing , '' Bliss told jurors . `` Questioning an accuser is not shaming a victim . Gut feelings are not rational decisions . ''
For more than two weeks , Cosby 's defense has focused on the argument that Constand is a `` con artist '' who sought to extort Cosby for a payout . In closing arguments , however , lawyers harkened back to a point made repeatedly by his defense team during the entertainer 's first trial in June 2017 : that Constand was always romantically interested in Cosby .
For proof , Mesereau pointed to `` at least 100 calls '' Constand placed after the alleged assault in January 2004 .
Constand , who worked for Temple University 's basketball team at the time , has said that the calls were about business , since Cosby was a powerful university trustee heavily involved with the school 's sports teams .
`` This is a personal , intimate relationship , not basketball , '' Mesereau said . `` Constand placed twice the number of calls than he did to her , demonstrating her pursuit of him . ''
Camille Cosby , the entertainer 's wife of more than five decades , made her first appearance Tuesday during the retrial . She walked up to her husband , kissed and embraced him . Wearing a bright yellow and orange dress , she took a seat in the first row and remained stoic throughout the proceeding .
In an unusual move , the defense team split the two-hour-long closing speech between Bliss and Mesereau .
Bliss reminded the jury about the defense team 's star witness , Margo Jackson , a former colleague of Constand 's who claims Constand confided that she wanted to fabricate a story of sexual assault in order to try to shake down a celebrity for money .
`` You would 've thought they would 've done something to check her out , '' said Bliss , indicting that prosecutors ignored Jackson in their investigation . `` Who are you going to believe ? A well-educated ... woman who works at Temple and who counsels students and has a background in psychology ? '' Bliss asked the jury . `` Or Andrea Constand , who was running a pyramid scheme at the same time ? ''
Bliss then spoke to the jury about Gianna Constand , the mother of the accuser , who testified in the case and played for the court a recording she made of Cosby apologizing , saying he would like to set up an educational fund for Constand as long as she maintained a 3.0 average .
`` Yes , he feels badly . He 's 30 years older than she is . He 's got this mother accusing him , yelling at him , whatever she was doing , '' Bliss said . `` He 's also worried about extortion . ''
Mesereau , after describing the high bar to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt , delivered his final line to the jury of seven men and five women who will soon decide Cosby 's fate .
`` He must walk out of here free , '' Mesereau said . `` He 's an 80-year-old man . He 's had a distinguished career . He 's made some mistakes for sure , but he is no criminal . ''
Prosecutors next will deliver their final remarks to jurors in a case that could send Cosby to prison for the rest of his life .
Last June , a different jury could not decide on Cosby 's fate following 52 hours of closed-door deliberations about the case .
Michael E. Brown , 33
Michael Eugene Brown , 33 , of Woodbridge , VA died peacefully April 13 , 2017 at his home in Fredericksburg , VA .
He is the beloved son of father Leonard E. Brown , Jr. and mother Mary Bernice Wurst , and two sisters Anita and Brianna .
Michael is survived by his wonderful son Austin , two beautiful daughters , Lexi and Isabella , and his long-time girlfriend Rachel Taylor and her daughter Cora .
The family will receive visitors from 1-2PM on Saturday , April 22 , 2017 , followed by a memorial service from 2-3PM at Miller Funeral Home , 3200 Golansky Blvd. , Woodbridge , VA .
In lieu of flowers , contributions may be made to the Salvation Army at givesalvationarmyusa.org in honor of Michael .
Thought Ed Balls ' days dancing Gangnam Style were over ? Think again : the Strictly Come Dancing star and former Labour minister is now teaching his political rival Michael Gove all his best moves .
The impromptu dancing lesson is part of a promo for Channel 4 's The Last Leg : Re-United Kingdom , a two-hour political comedy special in memory of MP Jo Cox .
In the clip , two middle-aged white men try to make themselves more appealing to the youth base by trying out a YouTube dance craze that peaked nearly five years ago .
The Last Leg has lent its support of the More In Common campaign a year on from MP Jo Cox 's murder , aiming to celebrate her belief that 'there is more that unites us than divides us ' . Cox 's husband Brendan shared his appreciation for the pairs ' efforts on Twitter .
It 's not the first time Balls has tried to share his Gangnam Style skills , having also taught journalist Nick Robinson the routine during an appearance on BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
Here 's the original Strictly performance again , because we all need a reason to smile right now .
The Last Leg special will also see former PM Tony Blair pair up with hosts Adam Hills , Alex Brooker and Josh Widdicombe for a special comedy sketch .
Other guests for the Last Leg special include Nick Clegg , Alastair Campbell , comedians Jon Richardson and Stephen Mangan , actors James Buckley and Lily Cole and British band Elbow , with more names still to be announced .
The Last Leg : Re-United Kingdom airs on Friday 16th June at 9pm on Channel 4
ROSARIO , Argentina — Canada defeated the Philippines 102-62 on Wednesday afternoon in the round of 16 at the FIBA U17 Basketball World Cup .
Matthew-Alexander Moncrieffe scored a game-high 22 points for Canada and added 11 rebounds .
Teammate Benjamin Krikke chipped in with 13 points and Luka Sakota had 10 points .
Gerry Abadiano scored a team-high 19 points for the Philippines .
Canada will play Australia in the quarterfinals Friday in Santa Fe , Argentina .
The semifinals will go Saturday and the final is set for Sunday .
Dog the Bounty Hunter 's wedding vows are more important than ever Dog the Bounty Hunter is unwavering in his support for wife Beth Chapman , who was diagnosed with stage 2 throat cancer in September .
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training Pause
0:58 Wade on Riley : ' I have nothing to squash , I 'm thankful for what we were able to build here '
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn 's resignation
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
1:08 Dolphins Wake : I 've been an underdog since day one
1:28 Fear among Charlotte 's immigrants Pause
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do ?
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
Football on BBC Sport Scotland
Everything you need to know about following football with BBC Sport Scotland
A new app will use Uber drivers as drive-by camera operators for breaking news footage to feed the 24/7 media beast .
Veteran journalist Adam Walters is founding director of NewsCar , which he told Crikey would fill demand for fresh content as networks try to retain viewers and their relevance .
“ It 's not disruptive . It 's taking into account the dramatic transformation of news gathering , ” he said . “ This is giving the news brands a chance to smooth out the playing field in this new world . ”
The app will allow newsrooms to see which drivers are near news events and send them a job request . Drivers will then use the app to film the event in wide-screen , and footage can be recorded or broadcast live . Drivers be paid directly through the app , and NewsCar will take a cut .
But Walters says he 's not out to put camera operators out of a job .
“ Without those pictures , sometimes you wo n't have a story . In the case of a house fire [ for example ] , without shots of the flames , newsrooms might not be inclined to cover it . It creates a life for that story , ” he said .
Walters says the app is different to other citizen journalist apps because drivers would always be responding to specific requests , and the app would be set up for news requirements with wide-screen , high-quality footage .
“ There will be guidance for the drivers in terms of tips on shooting with lighting and the more technical aspects , but the biggest complaint about amateur vision is the aspect ratio , ” he said .
Networks will buy access to the footage , but NewsCar will own the footage , which it will maintain in an archive .
Networks will also have responsibility for the drivers ' behaviour while they are shooting , ensuring they are not breaking any laws .
Walters was responsible for the controversial Seven news stories that brought down then-NSW transport minister David Campbell , who was filmed leaving a gay club in Sydney in 2010 .
The story was found by the Australian Communications Media Authority ( ACMA ) to have breached Campbell 's privacy , but it was in the public interest because Campbell had resigned before the story aired — after he was approached by Seven with the footage .
The app will launch in Sydney later this month . Walters says the the company is already in talks to set up in the United States with ride-sharing apps there . — Emily Watkins
Paris : Johnny Sexton ruined Jacques Brunel 's debut as France coach with a sensational last-gasp drop goal to give Ireland a 15-13 Six Nations victory on Saturday.The British and Irish Lions fly-half had earlier missed a penalty but made no mistake from close to the halfway line with his drop goal three minutes after the final hooter.It meant Brunel started his France reign with an agonizing defeat after a stunning solo try from Teddy Thomas had looked set to pinch an unlikely victory.France led 13-12 with the clock in the red and Ireland struggling to get out of their half.But a Sexton chip gathered by Keith Earls got them into opposition territory and then the veteran No.10 landed the crucial kick from hand for a remarkable victory.The exciting finale , however , was in stark contrast to what had come before.For 72 minutes there was little in the way of thrilling or expansive rugby in a match dominated by the forward and played almost entirely in the middle two-thirds.But flying wing Thomas set the Stade de France alight.Wide on the right , and with little space to work with , he accelerated down the line and swerved infield before making a beeline for the posts as flailing green-shirted Irishman failed to get a hand on him.Substitute fly-half Anthony Belleau kicked the conversion and just as they had done two years ago , France had turned around a six-point half-time deficit with a late try.But unlike 2016 , there was to be another twist in the tale.Belleau missed a penalty with two minutes left , giving Ireland one more chance to push for a score.They claimed the 22 drop out and initiated a long sequence of almost five minutes of possession that ended with Sexton 's incredible kick.The 32-year-old kicked all of Ireland 's points.It was an all-round bad day for the French as teenage fly-half Mattheu Jalibert 's surprise debut , already an unspectacular affair , ended after half an hour following a knee-to-knee collision with Bundee Aki.The 19-year-old did little wrong , or right for that matter , during a turgid first 30 minutes of forward-dominated rugby arm-wrestle.It had taken just three minutes for Ireland to get on the board through a Sexton penalty after France were penalized for offside.Ireland 's discipline was letting them down but France were unable to capitalize and consistently ran into an impenetrable green wall.Sexton knocked over a second penalty as Ireland proved the more effective with their scraps of chances.France got on the scoreboard through a Maxime Machenaud penalty four minutes before half-time as Ireland were penalized for holding on in the tackle , but Sebastien Vahaamahina shoulder charged Conor Murray just before the break and Sexton duly slotted over his third kick from the tee.The half-time scoreline , 9-3 , was the joint lowest between these two sides in a Six Nations match.Yet two years ago , France scored a second half try to snatch a 10-9 win after trailing 9-3 at the break.Sexton and Machenaud exchanged penalties before the Irish veteran surprisingly pulled a kick wide of the uprights leaving the visitors 12-6 ahead going into the final quarter.France 's indiscipline was costing them and after a rare foray into the Irish 22 , Vahaamahina infringed again and Ireland could clear their lines.Out of nowhere , though , Thomas gave the home fans hope of celebrating a famous victory.The try changed everything and suddenly , with tails up , France were all over the Irish.Belleau could have as good as killed the game but his missed penalty was all the sniff the Irish needed , and Sexton made him , Brunel and France pay dearly .
John Parker
Staff Writer
A detachment of a test squadron that works closely with Tinker Air Force Base 's 552nd Air Control Wing has moved from far-off Seattle to Tinker AFB .
The 605th Test and Evaluation Squadron , Detachment 1 , unfurled its guidon Monday
at the 552nd ACW 's Fannin Hall . The 22-member detachment tests new systems , equipment , processes and emerging changes in tactics to ensure they will be effective when approved for field use in E-3 Sentry Airborne Warning and Control System aircraft .
Co-location with the 552nd ACW , which oversees 28 E-3s on worldwide battle control missions , will create unique opportunities and synergy for organizations that rely on the work of the 605th TES , said Lt. Col. Elizabeth Oldham , deputy commander of the 505th Test and Evaluation Group .
“ It has the potential to improve upon testing results , timelines , as well as enhance training and , ultimately , operations , ” she said . “ This is how we get to the future faster . ”
Col. Sean Choquette , commander of the 505th Command and Control Wing over the 605th TES , said the co-location is expected to increase the availability of E-3s for testing and evaluation .
“ I think that the arrival of Detachment 1 here on this base is just as important as the arrival of that first E-3 jet ( at Tinker AFB ) back in March of 1977 , ” he said . “ The availability of jets to get your business done is incredibly important . ”
Lt. Col. Tyler Wickham , who presided over the ceremony for detachment Commander Lt. Col. Mary Ellington , is the unit 's director of operations . The decision to move to Tinker was primarily based on industry-partner Boeing 's relocation of its AWACS testing facilities , including its Systems Integration Lab and simulators , to Oklahoma City .
Wickham said moving to the 552nd ACW campus will be “ much better ” for the detachment 's work and for the AWACS community .
“ The benefit is not only do we get to do everything we did in Washington , but we decrease that fog and friction that you see by being 1,500 miles away from the operational location , ” he said .
“ But the ultimate goal was to be at the very forefront — that tip of the spear in emerging capability — so that we do n't field something on an airplane that the warfighter ca n't use to destroy the bad guy . That 's kind of why we 're here and what we do . ”
The detachment is temporarily housed in Bldg . 1 , but will move to a permanent location in Bldg . 240 .
WESLEY CHAPEL , Fla. — Finland goalie Noora Raty believes her country is closing the gap on the United States and Canada in women 's hockey .
She has some proof , too .
The Finns beat Canada 4-3 on April 1 in the preliminary round of the world championships . Raty made 35 saves as Finland earned its first victory over the Canadians in 21 games .
“ It 's tough when the other team has 10 times the resources we have , but we 're doing our best using the resources we have , and I think we 're getting there , ” Raty said . “ We know we might lose nine out of 10 games , but we hope that one game is going to be in February . That 's all we need . ”
Ideally , that one win will come again with a medal on the line at the 2018 Winter Games in South Korea .
“ To beat them on a regular basis is against all odds , ” Finland coach Pasi Mustonen said . “ But we really believe we can take them a certain night , and that 's what we are working for . ”
The United States and Canada have dominated women 's hockey in the 20 years since the sport was added to the Olympics .
Only three other countries have medals . The Americans won the first gold in 1998 , and the Canadians took the last three . Sweden broke up the North American hold with silver in 2006 and won bronze in 2002 at Salt Lake City . Switzerland earned its first medal with bronze in 2014 , while Finland finished with bronze in 1998 and 2010 .
Finland and Sweden both count on strong goalies . China , with Beijing hosting the 2022 Winter Games , is busy investing in the sport and might be the best bet to eventually provide a consistent medal threat .
When not playing for Finland , Raty is helping grow women 's hockey in China playing with Kunlun Red Star . The far-flung team in the Canadian Women 's Hockey League has a roster featuring a handful of Americans and a Canadian . Raty said she believes China has the resources both in terms of money and population to challenge the United States and Canada .
“ Once China decides they want to be good at something , they 're going to be good at something , ” Raty said . “ I do n't know if five years is going to be enough . But if you look at '26 , '30 Olympics , if they keep doing what they 're doing , they can be a powerhouse someday . It 's just a matter of fact , of getting players involved . I heard our online streams , they had over 100,000 people watching our streams . That 's nothing out of a billion people , but interest is starting to be there . ”
Demand is only a piece of the puzzle . Financial resources and a talent pool are also key . Add both to a dedicated commitment to women 's hockey , and that 's why Canada and the United States do so well .
The Canadians bring together players for months before an Olympics for training , and the Americans started a residency program in Florida in September . The countries also are playing a six-game pre-Olympic exhibition schedule , not counting two games in the Four Nations Cup in November .
“ The North Americans , they have a professional team , ” Mustonen said . “ We have people who have children , who study . We are n't even close to those possibilities , so usually what happens ( in ) the Olympic year is the gap widens once again because they centralize . ”
Mustonen estimated Finland has about 4,000 registered hockey players compared to the pool of 55,000 in the United States and 90,000 in Canada . Half of Finland 's players , like Raty , play abroad . For those still in Finland , they practice at least three times a week with boys teams to mimic playing and practicing against the North Americans .
Lief Boork started coaching the Sweden women 's team in 2014 after coaching men for years . Now he 's coaching players who must fit games around their work schedules because bills and family needs often come first . That also means cramming games into long weekends .
The Swedes ' travel schedule to the Four Nations Cup was so compact that they arrived only hours before their first game . They lost 9-0 to Canada .
Boork noted Sweden also had players playing against Canada for the first time . The Swedish women 's hockey league has about 70 foreign players , including forward Jennifer Wakefield of the Canadian national team .
“ We are kind of in between , ” Boork said . “ The girls are doing it very well , but we need more experience and more time to develop the team to top international hockey . And that 's kind of a financial thing , and our federation has to make up their mind to understand the level of international women 's hockey . ”
Canadian forward Meghan Agosta believes the North American teams have set a high bar for the sport and shown how to build a system . She noted parts of the world needed time to catch Canada and the United States in men 's hockey , too .
“ Now it 's a lot better and the competition is totally there and you can never take a night off , ” Agosta said . “ You want to play against the best to be the best . ”
The rest of the world keeps trying .
2:01 Unidentified : Crash leads to grisly discovery Pause
1:05 Trey Hill ready to lead Houston County this season
2:03 Ryan Crawford settles in as head coach at Houston County
2:02 Macon police officers take Bibb sheriff 's oath in 2013
2:01 Jason Aldean performs `` When She Says Baby '' in Macon
1:14 Solar eclipse an example of the 'universe in motion '
2:30 Aaron Davis on playing multiple positions in secondary
1:07 Police spokeswoman gives details on suspected home invasion homicide
3:07 New company to invest $ 400 million , create 200 jobs
LOS ANGELES — A 10-year-old Southern California boy was starved and tortured for days before his death , sometimes by younger brothers and sisters forced to take part in the beatings , according to prosecutors who have charged his mother and her boyfriend with his murder .
KNBC-TV on Tuesday cited court documents that alleged vicious and repeated abuse of Anthony Avalos at his Lancaster home in the Mojave Desert north of Los Angeles for five or six days before his death June 21 .
The torture included slamming the boy onto the bedroom floor , whipping him with a belt and cord , pouring hot sauce into his mouth and forbidding him to use the bathroom , according to the documents .
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond .
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter .
Eight siblings witnessed and were forced to take part in some of the abuse , which according to the documents included making the other children fight Anthony and forcing the children keep watch “ so Anthony would remain standing or kneeling . ”
“ At one point Anthony could not walk , was unconscious lying on his bedroom floor for hours , was not provided medical attention , and could not eat on his own , ” Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney Jonathan Hatami wrote in an motion filed Monday that asks a court to admit previous child abuse reports into evidence .
Sheriff 's deputies were called to Anthony 's home a day before he died at a hospital . His mother said the boy had fallen down stairs .
Heather Maxine Barron , 28 , and her boyfriend , Kareem Ernesto Leiva , 32 , were charged with torture and murder . They have n't entered pleas and remained jailed on $ 2 million bail each pending a hearing next month .
Hatami 's motion said that when the boy was brought to a hospital , his heart had stopped and he had suffered a traumatic brain injury and a brain bleed .
Anthony also had reddened eyes and numerous bruises , cuts and scrapes on his forehead , nose , mouth , cheek , neck , legs , shoulder , hips , back , buttocks , stomach , ankle , legs and foot .
County child welfare officials had received a dozen referrals of suspected child abuse about the boy from 2013 until 2016 . Anthony had been removed from his home for several months when some of the reports of abuse were substantiated . He was returned after family members received in-home counseling , welfare officials said .
Related Articles California mother 's boyfriend arrested on suspicion of murder in death of 10-year-old boy After Anthony 's death , authorities removed the eight other children — aged between 11 months and 12 years old — from the home . They are being cared for by county child welfare workers , officials said .
If convicted , Anthony 's mother could face up to 22 years to life in state prison . Her boyfriend could be sentenced to 32 years to life in prison .
HOUSTON - Heavy rain is moving through the Houston area Wednesday , and that has caused some flooding on area roads .
You can check the rain throughout the day with our interactive radar or by downloading Frank 's Free Forecast app .
Here 's a list of the high water locations being reported by Houston Transtar :
SH-288 Northbound At SOUTHMORE BLVD Left Lane , Right Lane,2 Center Lanes
WESTPARK TOLLWAY Eastbound At POST OAK
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved .
Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn , who stepped down Monday as US national security advisor . Pool / Getty Images ID : 10532759
WASHINGTON — Key members of the intelligence community and Congress have been kept in the dark over counterintelligence investigations into Trump 's inner circle , underscoring concern of a disconnect between Trump and his national security apparatus .
“ I still do n't know who got [ those intercepts ] ” one high-ranking US intelligence official said , referring to reported transcripts of a call between ousted National Security Advisor Mike Flynn and the Russian Ambassador to the US . The official said they were n't sure whether the intercepted phone call — where Flynn reportedly talked with the ambassador about sanctions — was based on FBI intelligence , NSA intercepts , or whether the call between Flynn and the Russian Ambassador was collected under a FISA warrant .
Further , the official said , it was unclear whether the intercepted phone call was picked up as part of a formal counterintelligence investigation into Flynn , or through some other means of domestic or counterintelligence surveillance directed at the Ambassador . Counterintelligence agents had reportedly been probing Flynn 's contacts for ties to Russia .
Sens . Richard Burr and Mark Warner , the chair and vice-chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee , respectively , both said Tuesday that their panel , which is running a sweeping probe into Russian activities surrounding Trump and the election , had not yet received the transcripts of Flynn 's phone calls .
Rep. Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House 's intelligence committee , said the Gang of Eight — the limited group of eight congressional leaders the White House informs of the most sensitive national security matters — had also not been briefed on the Flynn situation .
Since Flynn 's ouster , some far corners of the left and right have speculated that he was a scapegoat , sunk by rogue intelligence officials driven by a new generation of Russophobia .
But intelligence officials do n't seem quite sure of where the barrage of leaks on Flynn has been coming from , especially given that the Hill — which infamously leaks like a sieve — was apparently not read in . The US intelligence official said there 's suspicion much of the information is coming from former Obama administration officials , though he stressed that was purely speculation .
Several intelligence officials BuzzFeed News spoke with lamented that their only windows into the administration lately have been through Twitter , or inquiring reporters .
That even top congressional officials have been kept in the dark on Flynn 's transcripts almost defies reason . The New York Times reported Tuesday afternoon that Flynn had been interviewed by the FBI about his phone call with the Russian ambassador — something that could have met the threshold to be briefed to Congress , especially if the issue was considered a counterintelligence concern .
“ We do get periodic briefings if , for example , there are counterintelligence investigations involving US persons , ” Schiff said at a press conference Tuesday . “ I would expect this falls very much in that category . ”
Google 's streaming television service is quite affordable at a mere $ 35 a month . While many might jump at the idea , there is an unfortunate restriction . So far , it 's only available in some markets . But , as of today , a few million more people can now access it , as YouTube TV is rolling out to 34 new areas including New Orleans , Omaha , and Tuscon .
🗣️ Cable-free live TV is now in 34 new metro areas . Try YouTube TV today and watch your favorite sports & shows LIVE → https : //t.co/RGKYM1RfjC pic.twitter.com/Usf8XBftAN — YouTube TV ( @ YouTubeTV ) December 11 , 2017
This progressive rollout is at least in part because YouTube TV tries to include some local stations for each area . That can also mean that some channels are n't available in all locations , so YMMV when it comes to the selection in your city . That also means that , if you decide to fire up YouTube TV while traveling , you might not see the same channels available .
In addition to the 33 new markets , Google has also further refined the distinction when it comes to Greenville , as the service supports both Greenville , North Carolina and Greenville , South Carolina .
The new markets are :
Albany
Baton Rouge
Buffalo
Cedar Rapids
Chattanooga
Colorado Springs
Des Moines
Flint
Fresno-Visalia
Ft. Myers-Naples
Ft. Smith-Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers ( Arkansas )
Green Bay
Greenville ( North Carolina )
Huntsville-Decatur ( Alabama )
Jackson ( Mississippi )
Knoxville
Little Rock
Madison
New Orleans
Omaha
Paducah-Cape Girardeau-Harrisburg
Portland-Auburn ( Maine )
Providence
Roanoke-Lynchburg ( Virginia )
Rochester
Savannah
Shreveport
South Bend-Elkhart ( Indiana )
Spokane
Springfield ( Missouri )
Toledo
Tucson
Tulsa
Waco
If you 're in one of those areas , and you 've been waiting for YouTube TV to land , go ahead and check it out . There 's even a free trial . Still no Adult Swim , though . 😢
CLEVELAND – Play along . Really , if you are a Mets fan what else do you have right now besides imagining a couple of those questionable dominoes falling right for the team next year ?
With so few sure things and the likelihood of a lowered payroll , the Mets will need a few question marks – perhaps more than a few – to turn into exclamation points .
For example , what if Matt Harvey could return to being even 80 percent of vintage Matt Harvey ? Yeah , not probable . The guy just ballooned from a 2.71 ERA in 2015 to 4.86 in 2016 to 6.70 in 2017 – the worst by an NL pitcher permitted to make 17 starts since Russ Ortiz 's 6.89 in 2005 .
So what is the case for a turnaround ? Obviously , Scott Boras has a vested interest as Harvey 's career-long agent . But even Boras ' harshest critics say he dedicates himself to finding ways for his clients to perform .
For Harvey , Boras says , that will include stints in the agent 's Southern California sports institute to have “ a substantial throwing program for him . The idea is to have a lot of reps to get his fastball command back and get his release point down ” after both vanished in his return from surgery for thoracic outlet syndrome .
For Harvey – and , thus , Boras – the stakes are large . Sandy Alderson has indicated Harvey will be tendered a 2018 contract despite the atrocious 2017 . But , to some degree , that is about having come this far in a marathon with Harvey , so why not go the distance ?
Harvey is scheduled to be a free agent after the 2018 season . That should provide further motivation to Harvey beyond even resurrecting his career and working on his tattered reputation . His chances to secure a $ 200 million-plus contract – a possibility not long ago – is gone . But he can position himself for an attractive deal .
“ Matt has been blessed with a lower half that is one of the strongest we have ever seen , ” Boras said . “ He is an amazingly strong athlete . So , from our standpoint the clay is there to build the sculpture . His velocity is more than enough at 95 ( mph ) and he has a ceiling above that .
“ This is about command and command does relate to conditioning and strength . What Matt went through with the TOS ( thoracic outlet syndrome ) , he did not have the type of conditioning last offseason you do when you have normal health . He will have that chance this offseason . ”
Boras said Harvey kept taking the ball late in the year despite mainly poor outcomes to better glean where he is and what he needs to work upon .
“ The TOS is different for every pitcher , some do have velocity issues , ” Boras said . “ But this was about executing pitches and Matt has a totally different offseason to work on it . ”
Boras also is aware that his client has poorly navigated bright lights and big city . The problematic incidents are too frequent and Harvey failed to show up for a game this season and was briefly suspended .
“ Matt is very committed to getting his abilities to a place they were before and he wants to get back there again , ” Boras said . “ Like a radio signal can be strong , but some times there is interference , it is our job to get him back to the right frequency . … The great thing about experience and time is you learn through mistakes the right course to take .
“ I think Matt 's direction is one where he is fighting for something he really wants . There is a level of understanding that experience has brought him that ability creates opportunity , but ability alone is not the complete guide to success . ”
Mets led the majors in …
There were 1,358 players used in the majors this season , breaking the record of 1,353 set last year , which broke the 1,348 of 2015 . You see the trend , right ?
Of the 1,358 , 62 signed their first pro contract with a major league team with the Mets – which was the most in MLB . The second most was the 59 of the Yankees , followed by 56 by the Red Sox and 55 by the Rangers .
The Mets number reflects a lingering class of players from the Omar Minaya reign such as Lucas Duda , Jeurys Familia , Daniel Murphy and Joe Smith and Sandy Alderson 's tenure , including 12 from his first draft class in 2012 , which featured Brandon Nimmo , Michael Fulmer and Seth Lugo .
The Yankees ' number was inflated by 14 players making their major league debuts this year , notably Jordan Montgomery , but also players such as Rookie Davis , Nik Turley and Tyler Webb .
The second-quarter earnings season has been hailed by Wall Street 's equity bulls , who point to the better-than-expected results as proof that the stock market 's lofty levels were justified by the rise of activity in U.S. corporations .
S & P earnings grew 11 % in the second quarter , the second straight quarter of double-digit growth , according to data from Goldman Sachs , the fastest two quarters of growth since 2011 . More than half of S & P companies topped forecasts , the highest percentage since the second quarter of 2010 , although the average upside surprise was 4 % , slightly below the long-term average of 5 % .
Despite the strength in the quarter , results in the first half of the year “ have not been strong enough to warrant positive S & P 500 [ earnings per share ] revisions , ” Goldman Sachs wrote in a note to clients . Of the S & P 500 's 11 primary sectors , it noted , forecasts for 2018 's profits have come down for six of them .
The average estimate of analysts polled by FactSet see S & P 500 SPX , +1.00 % earnings of $ 141.81 a share in 2018 . That 's down 0.2 % from the $ 142.15 a share estimate that was forecast at the end of June .
Forecasts have come down even more for the remainder of the current year . For 2017 , analysts see earnings of $ 130.46 a share for the S & P 500 . That 's down 3.5 % from the $ 135.25 that was forecast at the end of April . The S & P has risen 3.5 % since that date .
It is n't uncommon for estimates to be pared back as analysts and investors get more clarity about what economic conditions will look like , and the current tapering of expectations is less severe than is typical . The 0.2 % decline for 2018 earnings is narrower than the 2 % reduction that is typical when investors look out to the coming year , while the view for the second half of the year is also milder . Whereas forecasts have come down by 4 % since March , per Goldman , the 30-year average reduction in estimates is 9 % .
Opinion : The charts say S & P is heading into a ‘ treacherous ' pullback
Despite that , the investment bank—led by chief U.S. equity strategist David Kostin—expects 2018 forecasts to drop 5 % from current levels . In particular , it wrote that the market consensus was “ overly optimistic primarily on energy earnings growth . ”
Even though major U.S. stock-market indexes rose throughout the second-quarter earnings season , with both the Dow DJIA , +0.62 % and the Nasdaq COMP , +1.34 % hitting records , there were signs that investors were unimpressed even with better-than-expected results in the quarter .
According to data from BlackRock , U.S. companies that topped consensus forecasts on both earnings and sales barely rose in the day after their earnings , relative to their benchmark . In the first quarter , such companies outperformed by nearly 1 % , in aggregate .
In comparison , stocks from Europe , Japan , or emerging markets that posted better-than-expected results saw much more pronounced rises in the second quarter . Meanwhile , U.S. companies that just missed on revenue sold off more than stocks from other regions that did , while the names that reported worse-than-expected results on both metrics were sharply punished following the results .
“ Equity markets have greeted positive earnings reports largely with indifference . Investor sentiment shows more signs of fatigue than euphoria , even as stock markets have repeatedly reached new highs this year , ” said Richard Turnill , BlackRock 's global chief investment strategist .
Investors “ may be on to something , ” he added . “ It will be more difficult for companies to achieve the same EPS growth in the second half , as the earnings recovery in the second half of 2016 is a higher hurdle . ”
Despite that , he forecast “ solid fundamentals and returns ” going forward , “ with the latter largely tracking earnings growth . ”
The Denver Post opinion pages solicited commentary from various marijuana policy and industry leaders , as well as the public , for a special cannabis-themed edition of the Sunday Perspective section the weekend before 4/20 . The Cannabist will be presenting these op-eds throughout the week .
The 2016 election brought watershed changes to the social and political landscape of America , through the election of a new and highly controversial president , and through an even greater show of widespread demand for ending cannabis prohibition . A total of eight states and the District of Columbia have legalized the adult use of cannabis , and 28 have approved some form of medical use . This increasing support is fueled by frustration with failed prohibition policies , and grassroots efforts to reverse the historically damaging effects of the drug war . Yet , regardless of the support of the populous , implementation of these reforms has run into a new set of problems , subjugated by special interests and establishment politics .
In Colorado that primary special interest is the alcohol industry , which is often backed by top leaders , Gov . John Hickenlooper and Denver Mayor Michael Hancock , through their steadfast acceptance of alcohol and ongoing reluctance to embrace the burgeoning cannabis industry . Most recently these efforts were applied through various alcohol , restaurant and lodging associations to stymie implementation of I-300 in Denver , a voter-approved initiative that will provide places for adults to socially consume cannabis , as well as opposing similar legislation at the state capitol . An example of this is the Liquor Enforcement Division ( “ LED ” ) , which passed a rule to ban the consumption of cannabis at any business that holds a liquor license . Even though the Colorado General Assembly Office of Legislative Legal Services determined the LED implemented this ban without any statutory authority , a legislative committee allowed the rule change to stand by just one vote . Noticeably absent from this vote were two members of the legislature who before the meeting had verbally confirmed their votes to overturn the LED rule .
While a lawsuit by businesses and advocates against the Colorado Department of Revenue challenges the LED decision , the City of Denver 's advisory committee for implementing I-300 faced many over-zealous proposals to stifle the intent of the initiative , such as a rule that prohibits cannabis events within 1,000 feet from where alcohol is served , requiring customers to sign consent forms , and setting stringent limitations on where designated consumption areas can be located . However , the committee , comprised of mostly citizens and some city officials , came to a clear consensus to move the program forward , echoed by repetitive and supportive comments from the public . Denver is now drafting the final rules , and nearly ready to issue permits . Resistance from the alcohol industry remains , likely attributed to the fact that cannabis is becoming a popular and safer choice for adults , and these shifting attitudes pose a significant threat to their revenues and profits generated in this very wet state .
Property development presents another major challenge to the cannabis industry . In 2016 , Denver city officials promoted a narrative about the concentration of cannabis businesses in some of the city 's most vulnerable neighborhoods , lending council to pass a sweeping moratorium across the city . Though violent crime and teen use is down since legalization , these were two oft-cited concerns for needing the licensing cap in place . This fear-mongering went so far that the mayor 's office released widely disputed stats related to the negative impact of cannabis businesses in those areas to serve that agenda , when what 's really at play is their desire for unimpeded development in RiNo , and the grossly negligent Interstate 70 expansion .
Unfortunately , there are scores of stories from legal cannabis operators across the city that have been zoned out of properties or required to pay exorbitant fines without any due process , and without any rules in place to govern those decisions . The industry today remains cautious of pushing back on these unethical practices out of fear of further retribution from city authorities . Although many stories are known among industry operators , very few come to light because of this . In late 2016 two stories that did make headlines , and resulted in lawsuits against the city , outlined how zoning changes since legalization have forced certain cultivators from their established properties .
Even though voters have approved nearly every cannabis measure on the ballot , elected officials persist with the agendas of special interests . The cannabis movement has made significant advances in recent years , but it has only become more evident that with growing acceptance and shifting attitudes , new and unique challenges will rise , as prohibitionists attempt to make their last stand . The people should demand elected officials implement the will of the voters , treat the legal cannabis industry fairly , and work together to overcome stigma and end the drug war .
Kayvan Khalatbari is co-founder of Denver Relief Consulting , an international cannabis consultancy . Emmett Reistroffer is a policy consultant at Denver Relief Consulting . He was involved in passage of Colorado 's Amendment 64 and was the campaign director for Initiative 300 in Denver .
When Harry met Sally , he never dreamed she was such a savvy businesswoman . Nora Ephron , the famed screenwriter , playwright , novelist and journalist who died in 2012 , left an estate worth ...
NEW YORK — Didi Gregorius had another big game at Yankee Stadium with a two-run homer and three RBIs , and Gary Sanchez homered twice to help CC Sabathia and New York romp past the Minnesota Twins yet again , 8-3 on Tuesday night .
Aaron Judge hit his seventh home run as the Yankees went deep four times for the second straight night . Gleyber Torres had a pair of hits and his first RBI for New York , which extended a winning streak to four for the first time under new manager Aaron Boone and sent the Twins to their season-worst fifth consecutive loss .
A night after a 14-1 drubbing , New York beat Minnesota for the sixth straight time and improved to 27-9 against the Twins at new Yankee Stadium , including the playoffs . Judge was a triple short of the cycle and Gregorius also had three hits .
Sabathia ( 1-0 ) rarely allowed hard contact in his second start back from the disabled list and gave up an unearned run and two hits in six innings . He is 20-9 in 39 regular-season starts against the Twins .
Gregorius hit an RBI single for a 2-1 lead in the third and pulled a changeup just inside the right-field foul pole and into the second deck for a 5-1 margin in the fifth . All eight of his home runs and 23 of his 27 RBIs this year have come at home . Babe Ruth ( 1921 ) and Alex Rodriguez ( 2007 ) are the only other Yankees with that many homers and RBIs in the first 22 games .
Jose Berrios ( 2-2 ) entered with 14 consecutive scoreless innings and had 29 strikeouts and one walk in his first four outings . He allowed five runs , six hits and two walks in four-plus innings , raising his ERA from 1.63 to 2.84 .
Dellin Betances entered with a 5-1 lead in the sixth but lasted just four batters , giving up a pair of walks , a hit and another unearned run . David Robertson pitched out of two-on , one-out trouble by striking out Ehire Adrianza and retiring pinch-hitter Joe Mauer on a comebacker .
Judge led off the bottom half with a loud , opposite-field drive to right off Tyler Duffey , who was brought up from the minors before the game for his season debut . Judge became the fastest in major league history to hit 63 career home runs , doing it in 203 games , four fewer than Mark McGwire .
Sanchez , whose second-inning home run tied the score , hit a two-run drive later in the seventh into the netting above Monument Park in centre . Judge , arms crossed , gave Sanchez the silent treatment in the dugout before smiling and giving Sanchez a hug .
Errors by Judge in right , Neil Walker at first , Torres while covering first and Betances raised the Yankees ' total to 22 in 22 games , tied for the major league lead .
Despite federal warnings , Gov . Cuomo spent more than $ 8 million to plaster state highways with “ I ♥ NY ” signs touting his upstate tourism efforts .
But that bill threatened to grow by $ 14 million — the penalty set by the Federal Highway Administration , which has complained for years that the billboards are dangerous distractions that violate its safety rules .
Cuomo & Co. have ignored the FHA 's concerns since 2011 , when the state first started discussing the idea . Indeed , the gov even kept adding more signs in what amounted to a dare to the feds to do something about it .
Dare accept : The FHA has now given New York until Sept. 30 to choose among three options : bring the signs into compliance , remove them altogether or face a $ 14 million cut in federal road funding .
Late Friday , Cuomo 's Transportation Department implicitly folded , announcing that it would replace all the signs over the summer , “ repurposing ” existing materials to comply with the federal rules .
The gov 's minions do n't have much choice but to do as he orders . But it seems Cuomo found that “ my way or the highway ” does n't work with the Highway Administration .
By Abby Hassler
Chance the Rapper held a free concert in Chicago last night ( August 13 ) , where he streamed a special digital appearance from former President Barack Obama .
Related : Chance the Rapper Joins Kendrick Lamar for ‘ No Problem '
In the video , Obama congratulates Chance for serving as the Grand Marshal of the city 's annual Bud Billiken parade , which is the oldest and largest African American parade in the country , according to Pitchfork .
The rapper gave away free tickets to the concert during his parade appearance earlier that day .
Watch the video below .
“ I had the same lunch every day and it was a protein shake with an apple and peanut butter and it 's like , ‘ Oh that 's totally a healthy lunch — this is a great lunch . ' But when I weighed peanut butter for the first time I was taking like three servings and I thought it was only one , ” Easter told NBC News Better .
“ So here I was thinking I 'm eating 200 calories , but I 'm really eating 600 , ” he said .
Weighing Food Gives You a More Accurate Understanding of Portion Sizes
Using a small kitchen scale he purchased for $ 14 , Easter weighed all his food , from the cream in his morning coffee to the chicken he ate at dinner . He input the weight into the MyFitnessPal app on his phone , which calculated the exact number of calories in the food . Easter realized he previously did n't have an accurate understanding of the portion sizes he was eating , especially when it came to calorie-dense foods .
“ I thought I was eating like 2,600 or 2,700 calories [ a day ] , and it was a lot more than that , ” he explains . “ It was definitely above 3,000 . ”
Michael Easter , a man who began weighing his food in order to lose weight . Rodale Inc. Studios
“ A lot of times we make assumptions . For example , if I were to just put banana — generic banana — in a calorie counting app , [ the results ] could have been more than I actually ate , it could have been less than I actually ate , ” says Easter . “ Same with nuts . If I took a handful of nuts and I throw them in the shake I could potentially be off by more than 100 calories depending on how many I thought that was . ”
He said weighing his food helped him see that the snacks he ate between meals were adding unnecessary calories too .
“ When you have to weigh everything , you realize that all adds up , and some days it was as much as 500 calories for me , ” he says . “ That 's enough to really move a dial in terms of weight gain or weight loss . ”
MINNEAPOLIS — A championship-starved city , clinging forever to Its Rocky dream , prays now for a Super Bowl LII miracle from Nick Foles , asks him to be St. Nick , asks him to be its savior against the Goliaths of the sport , the Evil Emperors , Tom Brady and Bill Belichick , the G.O.A.T . coach and the G.O.A.T . quarterback .
There was Cassius Clay against Sonny Liston and Buster Douglas against Mike Tyson and the U.S. hockey team against the Russians in Lake Placid and Nick Foles versus Brady , Nick Foles and head coach Doug Pederson versus Belichick and defensive coordinator Matt Patricia .
Foles was n't supposed to be carrying the hopes and dreams of a city that has n't won an NFL championship since 1960 , before there was a Super Bowl , Carson Wentz was . But Wentz went down , and now Foles tries to be for the Eagles what Jim Plunkett was for the Raiders , what Doug Williams was for the Redskins , what Kurt Warner was for the Rams , what Jeff Hostetler was for the Giants . What Brady was for the Patriots 16 Hall of Fame years ago when Belichick decided on him over Drew Bledsoe when they faced the Rams , The Greatest Show on Turf .
Brady has five rings and has beaten Kurt Warner , Jake Delhomme , Donovan McNabb , Russell Wilson and Matt Ryan on Super Sunday . Only Eli Manning has beaten him . Brady is the NFL MVP again , and no one expects Tom to suddenly surrender to time and play like a 40-year-old on Sunday .
As for Foles , he never had won a playoff game before this season .
SuperMan versus Cinderella Man .
“ I do n't think any game 's too big for Nick Foles , ” tight end Brent Celek said . “ He 's just going to go out there and sling it , man . ”
All of Philadelphia needs Foles to show up now as Jimmy Chitwood in the NFL version of “ Hoosiers . ”
“ I do n't think the stage is too big for [ Foles ] , ” LeGarrette Blount said . “ He does everything that he needs to do and everything that he has to do to make sure that he 's going to be prepared . We believe in him . We trust him . He 's our brother . We love him , so we 're going to have his back throughout the whole process . ”
The Patriots will dare Foles to beat them . His teammates have witnessed enough of his arm , enough of his composure , enough of his courage , enough of his selflessness , to believe he can .
“ Nick is one of the most even-keeled humans ever , ” tight end Zach Ertz said . “ He never gets too high . He never gets too low . The guy just loves playing football . Obviously the NFC Championship game was the biggest stage any of us have been on , and he goes out there and has the best game of his career .
“ So the stage is n't going to be too big for him , it 's not going to be too big for us . ”
Foles torched the Vikings . These are n't the Vikings . This is n't the NFC Championship .
“ Nick 's the kind of guy nothing 's too big for him , ” Eagles offensive coordinator Frank Reich said . “ He 's comfortable in his own skin , he knows who he is . He 's a very secure individual , and I just think that exudes when he steps in the huddle , I think it exudes the way he plays . ”
Foles has started five games since Wentz was lost . In his two playoff games , he had a combined 77.8 completion percentage with three touchdowns and no interceptions . Brady , in his two playoff games this season , completed 67 percent of his passes with five TDs and zero INTs .
But this is the game that defines you . This is the game where legends are made . This is the game that leaves you either with euphoria or regret and misery . Bill Parcells won two Super Bowls with the Giants . He lost one with the Patriots .
“ It 's not so much walking off the field , ” Parcells told The Post . “ That 's not when the misery sets in . The misery sets in when you 're alone in your own room . … your own kitchen , or your own bedroom by yourself , and you just have your own thoughts . And , you think back of what you could have done differently . You think back about the things that happened that made the game go the other way . ”
Brady has won four Super Bowl MVPs . This will be Foles ' first Super Bowl .
“ Even when everybody thought things were falling apart , ” Reich said , “ internally there was never a waver of doubt that Nick could take us where we wanted to go . ”
And so now , 58 years after its last football championship , Philadelphia turns its lonely eyes to Nick Foles . He has a formidable running game and defense . Pederson is a terrific in-game playcaller .
“ He 's a field general and he controls the huddle pretty well , ” Blount said .
But Brady forces you to score touchdowns instead of field goals .
“ It 's crazy how once you just start playing the game it slows down and you 're just in tune and you do n't really see the environment around you , ” Foles said . “ When you can get in that frame of mind , it 's a beautiful place to be where you 're just out there with the guys in the huddle playing the game you love . ”
Foles cherishes this moment . He never wanted to leave the Eagles so early in his career . Lost his love for the game and almost quit . Regained that love when the Eagles brought him back . He loves Philadelphia . This is his chance to make Philadelphia love him . Forever .
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance Pause
4:22 Cop Shop Podcast : Mistress carves messages into lover 's wife 's Honda
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
0:50 Brumby having fun with QB competition
2:23 `` I 've never seen anything like this , '' sheriff says of dangerous intersection
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin does n't happen often
2:32 Coroner cast as 'boom box guy ' in Synovus Super Bowl commercial
0:37 Bibb deputy helps friend make `` promposal ''
Editor 's Note : “ 28 Weeks of Post Audio ” originally ran over the course of 28 weeks starting in November of 2016 . Given the renewed focus on the importance of audio for productions of all types , PVC has decided to republish it as a daily series this month along with a new entry from Woody at the end . You can check out the entire series here , and also use the # MixingMondays hashtag to send us feedback about some brand-new audio content .
Audio atmospheres are a powerful and subliminal way to indicate many aspects of a particular scene with sound . In the convention of filmmaking ( and our lives ) we know that if we hear crickets chirping it 's nighttime . We do n't need a close-up of a cricket to understand that . The same is true with birds and their use in soundtracks , if we hear chirping – it 's typically daytime .
A sunrise shot that is fading in may focus on the location and perhaps the changing colors in the sky , and in audio we may hear the birds as they celebrate the coming day . These are not mere conventions of filmmaking however . It is the way we experience sound in our lives . Although we may not “ hear ” the birds , or cars , or leaves in the trees , they are there during any typical day . Humans filter many sounds to better focus on the current task at hand . A designed soundtrack however would feel empty without these environmental or man induced sounds .
These two examples – birds and crickets not only help shape when we are , indicating time of day , but they also indicate where we are – the country , the city , the ocean , or perhaps a spaceship . Sound is constantly used as a reference point to help tell very important and specific times and locations of the story .
Big cities usually have a cacophony of sounds . For instance , if there is a wide angle long shot of a large city and it 's eerily quiet , the lack of sound is jarring and immediately sets the stage for a coming scene that will explain where everything and everyone has gone . Audiences intuitively know that a large city makes a lot of different noises . If the only sound in this empty city is an occasional gust of wind , we anticipate that something devastating has taken place .
When starting the design of the effects portion of the soundtrack for any particular project , it is a great idea to start with the background sounds , ambiances or atmospheres . These are what are generally referred to as BGs . Generally speaking , BGs will be cut to match the scene so that the BGs shift with each scene change .
When cutting for backgrounds it 's a good idea to think about sounds in layers instead of finding a single sound effect to cover the whole scene . With the breadth of amazing sound libraries out there , very specific backgrounds can be found . And certainly , properly EQ 'd and blended they might just do the trick . However , scenes change and background sounds are constantly in motion , so layers can provide a better bed for mixing .
Let 's create an example for a point of reference . It is an outdoor scene in a rural setting . There is a road off in the distance that can be seen , lots of tall grass and some free roaming animals . It is daytime and it is hot outside with the sun blazing high in the sky . A sparse bird track from the proper region of the world would be a good place to start . Some editors may take a single , simple , one-minute background and copy and paste it over and over throughout the scene . While this may work fine , it might have a distinctive crow call or other sound that repeats every minute and eventually becomes a distracting , rhythmic sound source from the scene . Nature is typically much more random . Atmospheres are meant to enhance the scene and not distract from it .
One approach to this example scene would likely involve more than just the birds . It would be fine to start with a layer of birds . Add to that a layer of wind in the tall grass . Add to that a layer of cars and trucks occasionally driving in the distance . Perhaps add a farmyard background that has insect sounds , occasional cows or goats or perhaps an occasional dog bark .
This use of layering offers the mixer a lot of opportunities for variations in the soundscape . Since each element is individual , now the opportunity exists to match the action onscreen . Bring up the tall grass if that is favored in the shot , or do the same with the passing cars , mixing them up and down . This is not meant as a replacement for hard effects of specific things happening on camera . This is about backgrounds . Of course , if there are numerous things happening in the scene as well , like a cow wanders in who is also mooing and has a bell attached to its neck , then those things might be covered specifically as hard sound effects , outside of the backgrounds .
The layers of varied tracks of backgrounds in surround mixing can be spread to create the space and depth of a place . When I am setting up a mixing session I like to pre-set panning settings of various tracks of backgrounds in the mixing template for Pro Tools . For instance , I might have a series of tracks that are only sent to the surrounds , some that are sent only to the front left and right and others that may slightly favor the front or the back , but include all of the speakers .
By setting tracks up in this manner , then cutting the desired backgrounds to the appropriate track , in a very general sense , the proper spread of sounds has started . This is only a starting point of course , to be changed for each individual scene and each individual moment as the mix and sound edit grows .
Be creative in your choice of atmospheres since they ground the scene in its filmic reality . Their use not only defines the space and time of a scene but can offer more to the story in juxtaposed situations like the prior described eerily silent town . We know that imagined city should be loud and bustling with atmosphere . In this case the absence of sound helps tell the story . Be creative in your atmosphere layers as you edit and you 'll be more creative in the final mixing of those BGs . BGs help tell time and place .
This series , 28 Weeks of Audio , is dedicated to discussing various aspects of post production audio using the hashtag # MixingMondays . You can check out the entire series here .
Woody Woodhall is a supervising sound editor and rerecording mixer and a Founder of Los Angeles Post Production Group . You can follow him on Twitter at @ Woody_Woodhall
[ magento-connection sku= ” 60487″ ]
Was This Post Helpful :
The murder of a 7-year-old boy by his own mother in Kioneli , north Nicosia , caused a public outcry , as more details emerge to further shed light on the case .
According to Turkish-Cypriot media reports , the 36-year-old woman , Bilge Lord Kunduraci was tinged with anger after seeing a photo posted on social media and then stabbed her son because her estranged husband was planning to file for custody of the 7-year-old child .
After the stabbing , the 36-year-old woman lay next to her son . According to Turkish-Cypriot media , the 7-year-old was lying injured for hours before dying .
The next day , when the perpetrator fully comprehended what she had done , she tried to commit suicide by stabbing herself in the heart and neck .
A baby girl in Florida died Wednesday after the family 's pit bull attacked her while she was playing in a bouncy chair , police said .
The 8-month-old was at home with her grandmother , who was bringing the dog back in from a walk around 11:30 a.m. , when he broke free and bounded straight toward the little girl , Miramar Police Officer Yessenia Diaz told BuzzFeed News .
`` The grandma was holding the dog after coming back inside and he overpowered her and went directly into the room where the child was bouncing and attacked her , '' Diaz said , calling the incident a `` traumatizing tragedy not only for the family , but for the officers on scene , as well . ''
The baby 's injuries , Diaz said , were `` severe '' and first responders declared her dead at the scene . Her parents were at work at the time of the attack , she added , and the identity of the family was not immediately released .
Cristiano Ronaldo will find himself sitting out of five games after this happened with an official during the Spanish Super Cup on Sunday .
Cristiano Ronaldo could receive a ban of up to 12 games for his push on the referee .
More from USA TODAY Sports :
Ronaldo , who entered the game as a substitute , first earned a yellow card for taking off his shirt and flexing his muscles to taunt Barcelona fans upon scoring a goal .
After Ronaldo was dealt a second yellow card for diving to try to win a penalty , he shoved official Ricardo De Burgos Bengoetxea in the back out of frustration . The red card meant an automatic one-game suspension , but the Royal Spanish Football Federation ( RFEF ) added another four matches to the ban as a result of the referee shove . Ronaldo was also fined close to $ 5,000 for his actions . He has 10 days to appeal the ruling .
* * WARNING – SELECT PLOT SPOILERS * *
When Disney acquired Lucasfilm in October of 2012 , it was a natural expectation that the studio would re-energize the dormant live-action landscape of the Star Wars saga . As George Lucas himself had first announced Star Wars to be a nine-part series , additional entries in the main nine , being episodes VII , VIII , and VIX , were expected . However , Disney also announced standalone feature films , including a Han Solo origins story among others .
First up after Episode VII was released in December of 2015 was Rogue One : A Star Wars Story , now in general release , a standalone film which stitches together the events following Episode III and preceding Episode IV . Indeed , Rogue One , directed by Gareth Edwards , was a standalone which aimed to tie together elements which infuse the plot of Episode IV , the first film released in the series back in 1977 .
Enter editor John Gilroy who was brought in during post-production to assist in the completion of the film . “ I was finishing another movie at the beginning of the summer , ” said Gilroy . “ I got a call from Lucasfilm to work on Rogue One . They wanted a fresh pair of eyes . They had already shot the movie . I joined with [ editors ] [ Jabez ] Olssen and [ Colin ] Goudie who had been on the movie . ”
Surely , joining a film which had long been in-progress and was largely edited was a challenge for Gilroy , but he was up to the task with many features to his credits , both in the genre and outside of it . “ It was cut , but what happens is that you need to rethink your story and reshape , ” he said . “ You are always trying to find the truth of the movie through editorial and additional photography . ”
Gilroy explained that he had often served in the role of editing a film which was already deep in to post-production even though he prefers to start editing a movie from the very beginning . “ I was on the movie for six months , ” he said of the eighth Star Wars film to be produced . “ I saw what they had . They were reshaping the conceptualization of the story points in the movie and what the characters were doing . We were interfacing and changing things . There was a plan that we all agreed on . ”
Concerning the origin of the critical Death Star plans and their eventual abduction by the Rebellion , centered around Felicity Jones ' lead character , Jyn Erso , Rogue One features many new characters , planets , and plot lines , and Gilroy 's hands touched each of these aspects of the project . “ I worked on every part of the film , ” he said . “ The biggest challenge was finding the intimacy of [ Jyn 's ] character and the relationship to the other characters . People are invested in her . We pay attention to her as much as the other elements . ”
Of note , when Gilroy came aboard , many of the aforementioned plot threads began to evolve . “ We changed certain aspects of the story , ” he stated . “ The big thing was the whole back end of the movie . There are a lot of pieces to that puzzle . You ca n't develop one unless you develop them all . It was complicated . You are telling a two-hour story . It sounds unlikely but it really is true — the film will tell you what to do if you listen . It 's about understanding and leading you to what you need to do . That comes down to the very last frame . ”
As he progressed through his six months on the project , Gilroy realized that Rogue One needed special care , both due to it being a Star Wars movie , plus many of its themes and people being new to audiences . “ It 's an intimate movie and has these delicate meaningful scenes with these actors , ” Gilroy revealed . “ Balancing that intimacy with the epic-ness that everybody associates with Star Wars movies . I had the most fun with the space battles . They were so much fun to put together . ”
After his time on the film wound down , Gilroy had a chance to reflect upon his work on the project . “ What really works about the movie is how you feel when you walk out of a movie theater , ” the editor related . “ We take you on this incredible journey with these characters . Within a few minutes , very organically , we have an action sequence with Darth Vader . Then you end up with Leia—you are touching the very first movie . It 's a very satisfying thing — it 's rare that you can do that with a movie and not have the audience feel manipulated by it . Everything in there , we earned and led to something . ”
With Rogue One out in theaters for audiences to enjoy , John Gilroy described his ultimate feelings about the project . “ It was so rewarding , ” he noted . “ It was such an honor to work on a film like this . So many people are counting on this film ; that pushed myself that much harder . It was so great to be touching this franchise . ”
The newbie worries she 's only going to be seen as `` the funny one '' by the boys
Grace , 25 , says she can get along with everyone after chatting to clients as a hairdresser since the age of 14 – she even washed Joanna Lumley 's hair once . However , Grace has only had one serious relationship and has n't found much luck with love . “ I 've used quite a few dating apps , ” she says . “ I just find you have to go through about 200 men to find one decent one . ”
Advertisement
And Grace also has a big concern about why she might not find romance on the show : “ My biggest worry is just being seen as the funny one and not having anyone want to go on a date with me . The person that everyone wants to chat to as a friend but no one wants to date . ”
Do n't expect Grace to be too quiet after landing in Love Island though : “ Perhaps sometimes I can be too loud , and I think I can be very honest . I do n't do it in a nasty way though , but if someone was quite sensitive they might not like hearing what I have to say . ”
Her best attributes ? “ Physically my eyes , and my breasts , as I paid for them so if they were n't great I would be quite annoyed ! ”
Junction 2 let 's goo A post shared by Grace Wardle ( @ grace.wx ) on Jun 9 , 2018 at 6:10am PDT
What is Grace looking for in a boy ?
Although she says she does n't have a type and is “ open-minded ” , Grace is pretty sure about what sort of guy she 's not after : “ the good-looking , arrogant one. ” Sorry , Adam .
She does know she 's after a “ gentleman ” , though . “ Touches like pulling your chair out at dinner and holding the doors open . They really go a long way with me and it does n't go unnoticed , ” she says .
Who is Grace Wardle ? Key facts :
Age : 25
Job : Hairdresser
Instagram : grace.wx
Advertisement
Location : London
After 30 years , St. Helena 's highly acclaimed Terra restaurant will close after Saturday night 's dinner service .
The reason ? Chef-owners Hiro Sone and Lissa Doumani ca n't find enough staff .
They told the San Francisco Chronicle that the Wine Country 's always-challenging tourist season is particularly difficult this year because of a lack of housing .
“ Before the fires , it was ridiculously expensive , but sometimes ( staff ) could find granny units , ” Doumani told the paper . “ After the fire all those went to locals that were put out of their homes . It 's the right thing to have happened , but there are consequences . ”
That 's left the two of them to cover shifts in the kitchen at this high-end , labor-intensive restaurant .
Related Articles All 55 of the Bay Area 's Michelin-starred restaurants for 2018
Thai street food with Michelin cred comes to San Jose
First Look inside Saratoga 's sleek new pasta restaurant Armellino 's
Michelin makes it official : Bay Area now the culinary capital of the U.S . According to the Mercury News archives , the pair met at Spago in Los Angeles in the early 1980s , then moved to Wine Country and established Terra in 1988 . In 1991 , Food & Wine magazine named them to the “ Best New Chefs in America ” list .
The restaurant has held a Michelin star for the past 12 years .
What 's next for the pair ? Stay tuned .
Details : www.terrarestaurant.com
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
A 7-month-old female giraffe at an Indiana zoo briefly escaped her enclosure on Monday .
Officials at the Fort Wayne Children 's Zoo said the giraffe , Thabisa , escaped from the African Journey exhibit .
The mischievous youngster never left the property , however . Zoo staffers were able to trap the giraffe in a fenced parking lot in a non-public area of the zoo , calming her down before returning her to the enclosure .
It 's unclear how Thabisa escaped , but the incident was the first of its kind at Fort Wayne Children 's Zoo , according officials at the facility .
“ As many of you may know , Thabisa decided to have a little adventure today , ” the zoo said in a statement posted to Facebook .
“ Thanks for all of your concern , but after realizing our nonpublic parking lot near the giraffe barn was n't all that exciting , she decided to go back into the barn all on her own . She remained on zoo property for the duration of her adventure , and is now resting safely behind the scenes . ”
“ We will re-evaluate our giraffe exhibit and take extra precautions to ensure the continued safety of our animals and staff , ” the statement continued .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
RAILRIDERS GAME REPORT
RailRiders 6 , Buffalo 3
RailRiders Buffalo
ab r h bi ab r h bi
Wade cf 5 0 1 0 Fields cf 4 1 1 0
Frazier rf 4 1 0 0 Alford rf 4 1 1 0
McKinney lf 5 2 3 0 Tellez 1b 4 0 1 1
McBroom 1b 5 1 3 0 Jansen dh 3 0 0 1
Caldwell 3b 3 1 1 1 DSmith lf 4 0 0 0
Navarro ss 4 1 3 4 Leblebijian 3b 4 0 0 0
Zehner dh 4 0 0 0 McGuire c 4 0 2 0
Castillo c 4 0 1 0 Urena ss 3 0 0 0
Mazzilli 2b 4 0 1 1 Lopes 2b 2 1 0 0
Totals 38 6 13 6 Totals 32 3 5 2
RailRiders 020 110 200 — 6
Buffalo 100 002 000 — 3
LOB : RailRiders 8 , Buffalo 4 . E : Wade ( 6 , missed catch ) , Castillo ( 3 , missed catch ) . 2B : Wade ( 15 ) , McBroom ( 14 ) . 3B : McGuire 2 ( 2 ) . HR : Navarro ( 5 ) . SB : Alford ( 11 ) .
RailRiders IP H R ER BB SO
Cessa , W ( 1-0 ) 6 4 3 2 1 3
Feyereisen , H ( 2 ) 1 1 0 0 0 2
Espinal , S ( 1 ) 2 0 0 0 0 5
Buffalo IP H R ER BB SO
Harris , L ( 1-1 ) 6 10 4 4 1 5
MSmith 3 3 2 2 2 4
HBP : Jansen ( by Espinal ) . Umpires : HP : Merzel , 1B : Bacchus , 3B : Peterson . A : 16,295 . T : 2:34 .
How they scored
Buffalo first : Cessa pitching . Fields grounded out . Alford singled . Alford stole second , went to third on a fielding error by CF Wade and scored on a fielding error by C Castillo . Bisons 1 , RailRiders 0 .
RailRiders second : Harris pitching . McBroom doubled . Caldwell struck out . Navarro homered , McBroom scored . RailRiders 2 , Bisons 1
RailRiders fourth : Caldwell walked . Navarro singled , Caldwell to second . Zehner lined out . Castillo lined out . Mazzilli singled , Caldwell scored . RailRiders 3 , Bisons 1 .
RailRiders fifth : Frazier grounded out . McKinney singled . McBroom singled , McKinney to third . Caldwell singled , McKinney scored . RailRiders 4 , Bisons 1 .
Buffalo sixth : Lopes walked . Field singled , Lopes to second . Alford flied out , Lopes to third . Tellez singled , Lopes scored , Fields to third . Jansen reached on a force out , Fields scored . RailRiders 4 , Bisons 3 .
RailRiders seventh : M. Smith pitching . Wade struck out . Frazier walked . McKinney singled , Frazier to second . McBroom struck out . Caldwell walked , Frazier to third , McKinney to second . Navarro singled , Frazier and McKinney scored . RailRiders 6 , Bisons 3 .
Tonight 's game
RailRiders ( 42-40 ) vs. Buffalo ( 38-39 ) , 7:05 p.m. , PNC Field
Pitching probables : RailRiders RHP Masahiro Tanaka ( 7-2 , 4.58 - New York ) vs. Bisons LHP Matt Tracy ( 0-0 , 000 )
Off the rails
■ The RailRiders moved two games over .500 for the first time since they were 7-5 on April 17 .
■ The RailRiders have now won five of their last six and six of their last eight games and are just two games back in the race for the IL Wild Card .
■ RailRiders infielder Rey Navarro is 16 for his last 36 ( .444 ) with four home runs and 11 RBIs in his last 10 games .
—DONNIE COLLINS
The first weekend of the NCAA tournament was full of buzzer-beaters , nail-biters and upsets .
It also had one of the most brutal beats we 've seen in a long time .
No . 1 seed Kansas Jayhawks entered Saturday 's matchup with Seton Hall as a 4.5-point favorite , and with a late seven-point lead , Kansas looked poised to cover that spread . It all appeared to be at hand . So much so that a Las Vegas sportsbook was ready to celebrate .
Then , Seton Hall 's Myles Powell fired off a contested , off-balanced 3 at the buzzer and made the shot . It was heartbreak in Vegas .
“ These kids all know the number , ” one fan could be heard saying as Devonte ' Graham shot free throws to give Kansas a seven-point lead . These same bettors also helplessly pleaded for Powell to dribble out the clock in a three-possession game and five seconds to go .
🚨🚨🚨 # MOOSEALERT 🚨🚨🚨 Myles Powell 's `` meaningless '' 3 pointer to cut Kansas ' lead from 7 to 4 is a shot that Jayhawks full game ( -4.5 ) and 2H ( -1.5 ) bettors will never forget . pic.twitter.com/Vweqc4km1X — The Action Network ( @ ActionNetworkHQ ) March 18 , 2018
The shot was incredible , meaningless but oh so costly .
While Trump was greeting the happy families , one guy requested the president to sign his hat . Trump obliged , but instead of handing the signed hat back to the guy , Trump flung it into the crowd , saying , `` Here you go kids ! ''
BUSINESS
India 's leading illegal online gambling operator has been run to ground by the cyber wing of the Mumbai Crime Branch .
On Wednesday , Indian media reported that Mumbai police had arrested nine individuals , including Ramesh Chaurasia and his son Anchal . The two Chaurasias are directors of Game King India Pvt Ltd , which operates the gamekingindia.com and planetgonline.com gambling domains ( both of which currently display generic Microsoft Windows Server screens , although the gamekingindia.biz domain will still get you where you want to go ) .
The elder Chaurasia was arrested over a year ago in the state of Madhya Pradesh for operating a network of videogame parlors and cybercafés that covertly provided access to the illegal online gambling sites . Chaurasia had also been arrested in Mumbai in 2013 but eluded prosecution , allegedly due to his political connections .
The Press Trust of India quoted Akbar Pathan , deputy commissioner of Mumbai 's cyber police unit , saying that the Chaurasia 's operation required their retail customers to pay real money for virtual credits that could be used to gamble via the online sites .
In May , police in Delhi arrested the manager of a ‘ Fun Point ' shop whose PlayStation units had been configured with betting software . The Chaurasia ring reportedly operated thousands of such shops across India , netting an annual $ 31m from their activities .
The Chaurasian operation had reportedly begun offering remote gambling services , with a network of land-based agents handling payments . However , the family 's software was also said to have been configured to eliminate the likelihood of having to pay out any significant winnings .
Pathan claimed that the two Chaurasias had been “ constantly changing cities ” to avoid detection by the authorities , even changing their vehicles after a certain distance traveled to further throw police off their scent .
Pathan said the Chaurasias would be held in police custody until July 5 , implying that the dastardly duo might be released on bail afterward . It 's unclear why such a risk would be taken , given that the pair have amply demonstrated both the willingness and the capacity to evade justice on numerous occasions .
Comments
Join TAB this week for the free screening of the new Fast and Furious movie at Premiere Cinema . Free small popcorn and small drink for the first 400 students with TTU ID .
This event is brought to you by the Tech Activities Board .
Student Activities | 806.742.4708 | www.tab.ttu.edu | tab @ ttu.edu
facebook.com/ttutab
Twitter , Instagram , Snapchat : @ ttutab
In the 5 a.m. obscurity , Marta 's and Laura 's heavy eyelids are difficult to make out across the fence separating us , but nonetheless betray a sleepless night . The two young women are barricaded inside the Sandaru Cultural Center in Barcelona , a block away from the city 's vast , palm-strewn Parc de la Ciutadella , so named after the remnants of a citadel built after Barcelona 's fall to Spain in 1714 , decisively ending Catalonia 's self-rule .
Along with about a dozen others sipping cups of coffee and speaking in hushed tones , Marta and Laura spent the brisk fall night at the center to prevent police from sealing it off before it could be used as a polling place for this past Sunday 's referendum on Catalan independence , which Madrid declared illegal and threatened to stop at all costs .
Related : Chronicle of a crackdown on Catalonia 's independence vote
Despite their apprehension , Marta and Laura , who did n't want to use their full names due to the technically illegal nature of the referendum , were quietly excited about the vote .
“ This referendum , and the possible independence of Catalonia , is a chance to break away from the status quo , ” said Marta , an engineering student . “ In that sense , it 's a chance to break away from the patriarchal repression we 've always known . ”
“ If women are part of this reconstruction of a state , we can achieve more egalitarian change , ” added Laura , an organizer at her neighborhood 's feminist collective . “ We 're not saying Catalonia is better than Spain . This is an opportunity to change things . And what happens here will reverberate throughout Spain . ”
Spain 's infamous crackdown on the northeastern region 's Oct. 1 referendum — in which at least 844 people were injured by baton-wielding and rubber bullet-firing Spanish police , as well as reports of sexual assault by these same security forces — has only confirmed what Marta , Laura and the throngs of young Catalans clamoring for independence already believed : that the current ruling order from Madrid is steeped in patriarchal violence . That 's why they want to build a feminist republic .
Related : Why I 'm pro-secession for anyone who wants it
Spearheading this drive for a free and feminist Catalan state is the Candidatura d'Unitat Popular ( Popular Unity Candidacy ) , or CUP — an extreme left , separatist party reviled by Spanish unionists and often viewed wearily by more moderate Catalans . The CUP has seen a meteoric rise to power over the last decade , from grass-roots activism to securing 10 Catalan Parliament seats in 2015 . It vows to build a “ socialist , feminist and ecologically sustainable Catalan republic. ” The face of the party is firebrand Anna Gabriel , who last year publicly denounced the sexist language often leveled at female CUP politicians in a now-famous video .
“ My name is Anna Gabriel and I 'm a slut , a traitor ; I 'm bitter and I need to get laid , because I want a free , socialist and feminist Catalonia , ” she can be seen wryly declaring into a microphone , donning her trademark jeans , political T-shirt and hoop earrings . This past September , she was once again the subject of controversy for assisting a group of sex workers in Barcelona in occupying a building to establish headquarters for their own collective .
Though polls released prior to the referendum suggested only 40 percent of Catalans supported independence , the CUP , despite its perceived extremism , has managed to shore up unprecedented support over the years , largely due to Spain 's refusal to negotiate terms for greater Catalan autonomy . Working alongside other secessionist parties , the CUP 's habit of discussing Spanish “ colonialism ” and abuse using the language of gender violence and patriarchal hegemony has also gone mainstream . Sunday 's events are likely to make more people adopt the rhetoric .
“ The Spanish state and all of its institutions are patriarchal , and they 're founded on the basis that men are positioned above women . And clearly , their security forces adopt that patriarchal mentality. ” — Clara Sanchez , CUP
In a video that has now gone viral , a young Catalan woman recounts how Spanish police broke her fingers and groped her breasts while raiding the voting station where she was posted . Reports such as these are on the rise and prompted Barcelona Mayor Ada Colau on Monday to file a complaint against police for sexually assaulting civilians .
“ The Spanish state and all of its institutions are patriarchal , and they 're founded on the basis that men are positioned above women . And clearly , their security forces adopt that patriarchal mentality , ” said the CUP 's Clara Sanchez . “ In a situation like [ the referendum ] , where the Spanish state is n't upholding human rights and its security forces are infringing on those rights , women are most vulnerable to aggression . ”
Patriarchy-fueled language far predates the referendum , however . In August , the CUP unveiled its final separatist campaign posters featuring an ostensibly working-class Catalan woman sweeping away overwhelmingly male representatives of Spanish power — church , crown and capitalist pursuit — with a broom , accompanied by the text , “ Let 's sweep them away . ”
Last week , CUP lawmaker in Catalan Parliament Mireia Boya called Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy an “ abuser ” ( the term inescapably carrying domestic violence connotations ) who “ wants to give us a beating. ” Catalans say Rajoy has consistently ignored their attempts at dialogue over the last few years and finally responded with swift and unmeasured violence this weekend .
Independence , then , is a chance to start anew , free of an abusive relationship . “ We 're not going to magically have a feminist republic by leaving Spain , ” said Laia Estrada , a CUP city councilmember in Tarragona , about 50 miles down the coast from Barcelona . “ But here in Catalonia , we can work toward feminism ; we can fight for it . ”
She defines a feminist republic as one “ in which we put all of our efforts into ending the socialization of gender , where we share the workload , both productive and reproductive and redistribute wealth. ” The sexual division of labor , where women are relegated to home and child care without any kind of remuneration , is one of the central issues facing Catalonia and Spain , she said .
“ It 's like putting on feminist glasses and viewing all political issues in terms of gender. ” — Laia Estrada , CUP councilwoman
The CUP 's feminism is intrinsically tied to its socialism . “ We live in a patriarchal , capitalist system in which the accumulation of capital is at the heart of everything , ” said Sanchez . “ The goal of feminism is to make life and people 's well-being the center of all policy . ”
Sanchez heads the party 's Building Feminist Municipalities campaign , designed to end day-to-day acts of gender discrimination and make sure all policy is guided by an understanding of gender .
“ It 's like putting on feminist glasses and viewing all political issues in terms of gender , ” said Estrada , who works with Sanchez to implement the campaign in Tarragona .
The Catalan government said preliminary results showed an overwhelming 90 percent of the referendum 's 2.26 million voters chose to make Catalonia an independent republic , but turnout was low at less than 43 percent .
The constitutional court has ruled to suspend a Catalan Parliament session on independence that the CUP and other pro-independence parties called for Monday .
The CUP has said it will declare independence , regardless of reactions from Spain or the international community .
“ At the end of the day , we do n't want to change our flag . We want to change society , and we want women to play a leading role in that change , ” said Sanchez . “ Because if we 're the ones who 've always sustained life , and who , thanks to our work , make life worth living , we should have a leading voice . ”
Meaghan Beatley reported from Catalonia .
From PRI 's The World ©2017 PRI
MEETOTAMULLA , Sri Lanka : Rescuers on Monday were digging through heaps of mud and trash that collapsed onto a clutch of homes near a garbage dump outside Sri Lanka 's capital , killing at least 29 people and possibly burying dozens more .
Hundreds of people had been living in the working-class neighborhood on the fringe of the towering dump in Meetotamulla , a town near Colombo , when a huge mound collapsed Friday night during a celebration for the local new year , damaging at least 150 homes .
By Monday morning , authorities had pulled 29 bodies from beneath the debris , according to lawyer Nuwan Bopage , who has worked with local residents to protest the dump . Authorities were unsure how many more people could still be trapped , but about 30 were reported missing , Bopage said .
Soldiers were digging with backhoes and shovels , as relatives of the missing pointed out where their houses once stood amid coconut , mango and banana trees . Those homes now lay in piles of collapsed concrete walls encased in a wall of mud up to 8 meters ( 25 feet ) high and mixed with plastic bags , broken glass and other trash . Bicycles and auto-rickshaws , the three-wheeled vehicles used as local taxis , were crushed or lying topsy-turvy .
More than 600 of the area 's residents were sheltering in nearby schools , while 11 people were being treated at a hospital for injuries .
One auto-rickshaw driver described a narrow escape . He was returning home with his wife , two sons and daughter when they stepped out from his rickshaw and his daughter said the ground seemed to be moving beneath her feet .
“ There was a strong wind from the side of the dump , and my daughter shouted that the mound is splitting , ” Rasika Sanjeewa , 41 , said Monday . “ Suddenly , one slice of the mound came crashing down . The whole area was shaking . ”
Debris blocked them from fleeing immediately , but eventually they found a way out , Sanjeewa said . When they arrived later at their friends ' home , where they had planned to celebrate the new year , they found it buried and their friends dead — a mother and daughter who worked as daily wage laborers .
The prime minister vowed over the weekend to shut down the dump , which has absorbed much of Colombo 's garbage over several years amid heavy construction and renovations in the capital . As the garbage piled up , it began threatening the nearby homes , prompting residents to stage regular protests while complaining of health hazards .
“ These people did not choose to live next to a dump . But they brought the garbage in and made this place horrible , ” said rickshaw driver Dilip Mirmal , 34 , whose home was spared while those surrounding were completely subsumed . He counted 23 of his neighbors among the dead .
“ This is a government-made disaster , ” he said . “ I have a mix of feelings — of anger , frustration and sorrow . We have been trying to protest and raise these issues , but no one was listening . ”
MEETOTAMULLA , Sri Lanka : Rescuers on Monday were digging through heaps of mud and trash that collapsed onto a clutch of homes near a garbage dump outside Sri Lanka 's capital , killing at least 29 people and possibly burying dozens more .
Hundreds of people had been living in the working-class neighborhood on the fringe of the towering dump in Meetotamulla , a town near Colombo , when a huge mound collapsed Friday night during a celebration for the local new year , damaging at least 150 homes .
By Monday morning , authorities had pulled 29 bodies from beneath the debris , according to lawyer Nuwan Bopage , who has worked with local residents to protest the dump . Authorities were unsure how many more people could still be trapped , but about 30 were reported missing , Bopage said .
Soldiers were digging with backhoes and shovels , as relatives of the missing pointed out where their houses once stood amid coconut , mango and banana trees . Those homes now lay in piles of collapsed concrete walls encased in a wall of mud up to 8 meters ( 25 feet ) high and mixed with plastic bags , broken glass and other trash . Bicycles and auto-rickshaws , the three-wheeled vehicles used as local taxis , were crushed or lying topsy-turvy .
More than 600 of the area 's residents were sheltering in nearby schools , while 11 people were being treated at a hospital for injuries .
One auto-rickshaw driver described a narrow escape . He was returning home with his wife , two sons and daughter when they stepped out from his rickshaw and his daughter said the ground seemed to be moving beneath her feet .
“ There was a strong wind from the side of the dump , and my daughter shouted that the mound is splitting , ” Rasika Sanjeewa , 41 , said Monday . “ Suddenly , one slice of the mound came crashing down . The whole area was shaking . ”
Debris blocked them from fleeing immediately , but eventually they found a way out , Sanjeewa said . When they arrived later at their friends ' home , where they had planned to celebrate the new year , they found it buried and their friends dead — a mother and daughter who worked as daily wage laborers .
The prime minister vowed over the weekend to shut down the dump , which has absorbed much of Colombo 's garbage over several years amid heavy construction and renovations in the capital . As the garbage piled up , it began threatening the nearby homes , prompting residents to stage regular protests while complaining of health hazards .
“ These people did not choose to live next to a dump . But they brought the garbage in and made this place horrible , ” said rickshaw driver Dilip Mirmal , 34 , whose home was spared while those surrounding were completely subsumed . He counted 23 of his neighbors among the dead .
“ This is a government-made disaster , ” he said . “ I have a mix of feelings — of anger , frustration and sorrow . We have been trying to protest and raise these issues , but no one was listening . ”
News courtesy Andaman Sheekha : :
Sarthak Kanjilal
Port Blair , Feb 14 : The Private Bus Operators of Port Blair City may go on a strike tomorrow protesting against the cancellation of the Driving License of a Private Bus Driver , it is learnt .
There are several other issues on which the Private Bus Operators will stage protest tomorrow . As per highly placed sources , for such strike no permission has been taken by Private Bus Operators till now .
Work begins today on a multi-million euro development programme in Limerick that is expected to result in the generation of thousands of jobs over the next five years .
The rejuvenation project , known as Limerick Twenty Thirty , will see over €500m worth of investment in construction in the city .
The 100,000 sq ft Gardens International Office on Henry Street will be the first speculative build under the programme , which will see investment in creating state-of-the-art office , retail , residential , education and enterprise space in Limerick .
'The Gardens ' contract , which will be developed at a cost of €17.6m , is the first of three major projects aimed at transforming inner city Limerick , creating 1.4m sq ft of prime real estate for various uses .
The Gardens building is set to accommodate 750 posts and support 150 jobs during construction .
The programme is aimed at providing 5,000 jobs in the city before 2022 .
Limerick Twenty Thirty Chairman Denis Brosnan said : `` This is a very important day for Limerick Twenty Thirty , for Limerick and the wider region .
`` This will be the catalyst for a new era of growth for Limerick as this is the first in a wider programme that is going to transform Limerick into a dynamic living and working city capable of competing with the leading destinations in Europe for inward investment . ''
Speaking on RTÉ 's Morning Ireland , the CEO of Limerick City and County Council said the Gardens International Office , purchased from NAMA , cost approximately €800,000 .
Conn Murray said he believes taxpayers will get a good return for their money .
There was a demand in Limerick , he said , for high-quality office space and it is hoped the redevelopment would be completed within 18 months .
Negotiations for a tenant are under way , he added .
Akufo-Addo is like a visiting President to Ghana – Gen. Mosquito – Pulse.com.gh
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Next year , Japan 's Emperor Akihito is set to abdicate , prompting only the country 's second change in monarch since the end of the Second World War . Meanwhile , Canadians are bracing for the inevitable day when our beloved Queen will be replaced with her son , the far less popular Prince Charles .
The National Post has previously suggested that Canada could secure lasting public support for the monarchy by adopting a Head of State who actually lives here . Given that the House of Windsor has not responded to our proposal to crown Harry as King of Canada , it might be time to start contacting other royals .
Below , why a Japanese royal in charge of the Great White North might not be all that far-fetched .
Note : It 's obviously ridiculous to suggest that a Japanese royal be appointed to head Canada , and the National Post and its staff remain loyal subjects of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II , Queen of Canada , her heirs and successors .
Constitutionally , there 's nothing to stop us from shopping around for another royal family
As noted last month , there are a series of loopholes in Canadian law that technically make it possible for us to pick anyone as our king or queen . Removing the monarch altogether is a near-insurmountable task requiring the unanimous consent of all 10 provinces . However , the Canadian constitution only refers to the “ office of the Queen , ” and does not specify who has to sit in that office . For a sufficiently motivated government employing creative lawyers , the path is clear to easily swap out our reigning British monarch with a king or queen of our choosing .
The Japanese monarchy has already had resident Canadian members
Here 's something the British royal family would never , ever do : Send one of its inner circle to Canada for their post-secondary education . All the Queen 's children and grandchildren got their education in the U.K. , and the closest we 've come to educating a possible heir was a six month period when Prince Andrew went to an Ontario boarding school . Conversely , some very high-up Japanese royals have spent years studying in Canada . Prince Takamado , who was seventh in line to the throne , spent three years studying law at Queen 's University . His daughter , Princess Ayako , studied at both Camosun College ( now Vancouver Island University ) and the University of British Columbia .
Parts of Western Canada arguably get just as much love from Japanese royals as British ones
The House of Windsor have n't been slouches when it comes to visiting the left side of Canada , but there still remain parts of the country that have seen way more Japanese blue blood than British . The University of Victoria hosted a visit from Emperor Akihito in 2009 . To date , the highest-ranking British royal to set foot on the campus is Prince Edward . Just outside Edmonton , meanwhile , Princess Nori ( a daughter of Akihito ) planted a cherry tree at the Devonian Botanic Gardens — and rumour has it that the tree only bloomed when the princess was pregnant . Princess Ayako recently visited the University of Lethbridge , a location so off the beaten track that most Canadian prime ministers do n't even make it there . As the Japanese embassy proudly notes on their website , the first foreign country ever visited by the current emperor was Canada . The young prince was on his way to the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II , so he decided to stop in Toronto and Ottawa enroute . And the aforementioned Prince Takamado died of a heart attack suffered while playing squash at the Canadian embassy in Tokyo . The prince , who was famous for pursuing an informal life , was friends with Canadian ambassador Robert Wright . To date , no British royals have died in the presence of their Canadian besties .
There are plenty of Japanese royals looking for work
Thanks to the openly sexist rules of Japanese succession , only men are allowed to ascend to the throne . What 's more , if a Japanese princess marries a commoner she is forced to renounce her royal title ( Japanese princes , meanwhile , can marry as commonly as they want ) . In low birth rate Japan , the inevitable result of this policy is that there are only four people left who are eligible to become emperor . Meanwhile , a whole bunch of princesses has been stripped of their title for failing to marry a distant cousin . The aforementioned Princess Ayako is one of them . The Canada-loving royal is set to become officially engaged to a commoner in August , after which she 'll permanently lose her royal status . She also speaks great English .
But they also declared war on us once , which is kind of a dealbreaker
When Emperor Akihito was eight years old , forces loyal to his father surfaced a submarine off Vancouver Island 's Estevan Point and proceeded to fire 21 shells at a lighthouse . Japanese submarines also sunk numerous Canadian vessels — and vessels in Canadian waters . Throughout the latter stages of the Second World War , Japan sent waves of balloon bombs into Western Canada intending to spark catastrophic forest fires , and some landed as far east as Manitoba . Hundreds of Canadians were killed fighting Japanese forces , or under the horrific conditions in Japanese POW camps . In other words , Canada invested quite a lot of blood and treasure to keep Japanese royalty off our stamps , and it would be very controversial to do it anyway just because .
And they do n't marry us
The Queen 's first great grandchild was born to a Canadian , Autumn Phillips . The Queen 's sister , Princess Margaret , was briefly romanced by future Canadian prime minister John Turner . Prince Harry just married an American , but he met her in Toronto . In the game of royal power , intermarriage is what keeps lands under your crown , and the House of Windsor does it better than the House of Yamato .
• Twitter : TristinHopper | Email : thopper @ nationalpost.com
Cellphones smuggled into prisons — enabling inmates to order murders , plan escapes , deal drugs and extort money — have become a scourge in a bloc of states where corrections officer annually confiscate as many as one for every three inmates .
Contraband devices snuck in by visitors or prison staff are a problem at lockups across the nation , but an NBC News review of data from 44 states shows that nine of the 10 states with the highest cellphone seizure rates are in the South .
In South Carolina , prison officers have found and taken one phone for every three inmates , the highest rate in the country . In Oklahoma , it 's one phone for every six prisoners , the nation 's second-highest rate . Other states in the top 10 are Georgia , Alabama , Tennessee , Mississippi , Florida and Arkansas and Louisiana ; the only one outside the region was California . NBC based its rankings on data provided by the state corrections departments .
A correctional officer inspects one of the more than 2,000 cell phones confiscated from inmates at California State Prison , Solano in Vacaville , Calif. Rich Pedroncelli / AP file
Cellphones are prized because they allow inmates to avoid privatized jailhouse phone and visitation services that charge up to $ 15 for a two-minute call home to friends and family . `` Inmates call their mothers like most of us do on holidays , '' said Dr. John Shaffer , former executive deputy secretary for the Pennsylvania Corrections Department .
But for some , the phones serve a darker purpose .
`` Most of these guys are just chitchatting with their girlfriends , but some of these guys are stone-hardened criminals running criminal enterprises , '' said Kevin Tamez of the MPM group , a litigation consulting firm that specializes in prison security .
Some prisoners in states with the most seizures have used phones to shake down families of fellow inmates threatened with injury or death . They 've hatched complex scams , posing as law enforcement to prey on victims outside .
Related : Inmate Beating Was on Facebook Before Guards Knew
Meth rings operated by prisoners with cellphones , some with ties to prison gangs like the Aryan Brotherhood , the Irish Mob Gang and the United Blood Nation have been discovered in at least five Southern facilities . Phones have also played a role in breakouts , with one South Carolina inmate dialing up drone delivery of wire cutters and cash for his escape in July .
Related : Escaped Inmate May Have Used Wire Cutters Delivered by Drone
Cellphones are so prevalent in the prison system , Tamez said , that `` if you do n't have them , you would look like a loser . ''
But why are they so common in the South ? Experts have linked contraband smuggling to low pay and high turnover for guards — and salaries for corrections officers in the states with the highest smuggling rates are indeed among the lowest in the nation .
`` Prison staff in most Southern states are very poorly paid , '' said David Fathi , director of the ACLU 's National Prison Project . `` You get what you pay for . ''
The Mississippi Department of Corrections pays officers an average of $ 24,270 a year , one of the lowest salaries for the job in the nation . The 2016 turnover rate was around 47 percent , and the department was understaffed by about 400 slots . Guards who stick around frequently work overtime , but the legislature has twice failed to pass bills to pay them for the extra work that is essential to keeping 19,000 inmates safe and stemming the flood of contraband .
Mississippi ranks sixth in the nation for cellphones per inmate , seizing 1,800 last year — one for every 10 people behind bars . Last year , state officials said they had intercepted more than 9 million texts and attempted transmissions from two state prisons over a five-year period .
A single phone can fetch as much as $ 1,000 , which is more than two weeks of pay for the average Mississippi prison officer .
`` One of the effects of paying people very little money is that they are often highly motivated to supplement their income , sometimes through illegitimate means , '' said Fathi .
This picture was allegedly taken inside a Georgia correctional facility and posted on Facebook . The aunt of the man in the picture , Cortez Berry , said the family got a phone call when it turned up on the social media site . She sent a screenshot to NBC News . Berry was 17 at the time the photo was taken . NBC News
Jackie Switzer , executive director of Oklahoma Corrections Professionals , an employees ' association , said all the group 's members — especially guards — were underpaid for what they do . `` You are not going to attract the highest caliber of employee and pay them for a job that will qualify for food stamps , '' Switzer said .
Switzer said that the vast majority of corrections employees are hardworking and trustworthy . `` [ But ] those few who do end up being caught bringing in contraband normally give the reason that it 's because they ca n't survive on their wages . ''
Switzer also said that raising wages would be a viable solution to the cellphone contraband problem . Oklahoma 's guards earn just $ 5,000 more annually than their Mississippi counterparts .
Ryan Alphin , executive director of the South Carolina Law Enforcement Officers ' association , said the combination of low pay and a dangerous environment affects job performance .
Jimmy Causey is seen in this undated photo from authorities in Williamson County , Texas . Williamson County Jail via AP
`` Low wages could potentially tempt some corrections officers into actually bringing in contraband into prison facilities , '' Alphin said . South Carolina guards earn an average of $ 31,660 per year .
All of the states in the smuggled cellphone top 10 except California have right-to-work laws . Michael Filler , director of the public services division for the International Brotherhood of Teamsters , which represents 13,000 correctional officers nationwide , said prison staffers at all levels are underpaid in Southern right-to-work states .
`` The wages are clearly substandard and create a higher turnover rate , '' Filler said . `` It creates a situation where these officers resort to certain types of tactics to supplement their income . ''
In February 2016 , a Mississippi corrections officer was charged with smuggling contraband cellphones and drugs for $ 700 a month . A guard at the Lincoln County Jail was charged with bringing in a phone and drugs this January .
South Carolina Department of Corrections Director Bryan Stirling , right , displays hundreds of cellphones that were seized in a single raid from the Lee Correctional Institution , S.C. on April 6 , 2016 . Stephanie Givens / South Carolina Department of Corrections via AP file
And last year , 46 corrections officers in Georgia — which had the third-highest seizure rate — were arrested by the FBI on corruption charges for allegedly smuggling cellphones to inmates .
While many buyers are using the phones to call family and friends , others are using them to commit — and memorialize — crimes :
· Cellphone videos posted on Facebook Live and Snapchat show South Carolina inmates fighting , using drugs and displaying wads of cash .
· Georgia inmates used phones to take photos of themselves tying up or beating other prisoners , then texted the horrifying images to the victim 's family and demanded cash .
· At Autry State prison in Georgia , inmates duped civilians into paying bogus fines — by purchasing prepaid cash cards — after convincing them they could be arrested for missing jury duty .
In one of the most troubling cases , Perry Mask , a general or `` spoke '' member in the Aryan Brotherhood of Mississippi , testified last year in federal court that he used a cellphone to organize meth trafficking and money laundering while in prison . According to trial transcripts and court records , Mask , who testified against fellow spoke member Frank Owens Jr. as part of a plea deal , said he regularly communicated with Owens and other gang members using cellphones smuggled in by guards .
Related : Cell Extortion : Inmate Phones Leading to Violence , Fraud
The jury heard calls made by Owens on a cellphone while in prison and intercepted by the DEA in which Owens discussed gang business and methamphetamine trafficking and ordered violent acts . DEA Agent Frank Smith testified that during his investigation , which included wiretaps of key AMB members , he learned the gang was involved in running guns , money laundering , drug trafficking and acts of violence .
Owens was found guilty of murder and racketeering in 2016 .
Unmanned aerial vehicle and contraband found on the grounds of Oklahoma State Penitentiary . Oklahoma Department of Corrections
The Irish Mob Gang , another white prison gang operating in Oklahoma , allegedly used cellphones to launder money , run heroin and meth , and even order hits on witnesses who cooperated with police .
`` There 's not a crime they have n't done , '' said Sheriff Chris West of Canadian County , Oklahoma .
Corrections departments say they are keenly aware of the problem and taking steps to address it .
Grace Fisher , a spokeswoman for the Mississippi Department of Corrections , said that the department `` recognizes that contraband cellphones among inmates is a problem in its prisons and prisons across the country . '' She said that in March the department launched a system-wide operation called Operation Zero Tolerance because of the contraband problem , and as of August had searched 12 of 21 facilities .
Mississippi lawmakers have proposed harsher penalties for possession of a cellphone while in prison . Inmates found guilty would face an additional 15 years .
The South Carolina Department of Corrections acknowledged to NBC News that prison cellphones are a `` significant problem '' and said a 30-officer team searches cells every day for contraband . Gov . Henry McMaster has also asked federal officials to allow prisons to jam cell signals — a stance also backed by the Mississippi DOC , according to Fisher . Other corrections departments did not respond to requests for comment .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Escape by Drone ? How Inmates Are Using Cell Phones to Evade Authority 1:55 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Federal Communications Commission has n't approved jamming , citing a decades-old rule that outlaws the practice and allows only federal agencies to jam communications . But the FCC approved measures in March that ease the implementation of technology that detects and blocks the use of smuggled prison cellphones without jamming .
Shaffer , the former Pennsylvania corrections official , said technology called continuous wave beacon is a promising solution in the fight against contraband .
Jamming ends up bleeding into the community and blocking cell service for nearby residents , Shaffer said . It can even block calls to emergency services . But special firmware installed on cellphones used at a correctional facility can completely block unauthorized phones behind bars from connecting to nearby cell towers .
Cellphones confiscated from prisoners by the Georgia Department of Corrections . Georgia DOC
`` It turns off all functionality , including video recording , word processing , and texting and phone communications , '' Shaffer said .
Former South Carolina corrections officer Robert Johnson provided crucial testimony on the technology to the FCC early this year . As a captain at Lee Correctional Institution , his job was to intercept contraband like drugs and cellphones . In 2010 , he nearly died after he was shot six times outside his home during a hit ordered by a Lee inmate with a cellphone .
Alabama 's football team was presented with its 2017 national championship rings at the program 's annual “ Steak and Beans Dinner ” on Monday night .
These monster rings have more than 150 stones – including 53 on the bottom bezel to represent the number of wins by the senior class – with the 26-23 winning score over Georgia in the national championship game on one side and the Sugar Bowl 's 24-6 winning score against Clemson on the inside . Each individual 's last name is on one side of the ring while Roll Tide and “ Outwork Yesterday ” – the 2017 team 's motto – is on the other .
But perhaps most interestingly , there are two College Football Playoff National Championship trophies on the front of the rings behind the Alabama “ A ” to represent both the 2017 and 2015 national titles .
While Alabama is the rightful national champion – following its crazy comeback win over the Bulldogs in January – nothing has stopped the University of Central Florida from calling itself the real national champion and celebrating accordingly .
If you recall , the Knights declared themselves national champions after being the only undefeated team last season , finishing with a perfect 13-0 record . Additionally , since they beat Auburn – which also beat both Alabama and Georgia – they 're taking some liberties with the transitive property and calling themselves champs .
And they raised a title banner and dished out championship rings too .
The 𝙤𝙣𝙡𝙮 2017 undefeated national championship ring. # ChargeOn pic.twitter.com/RtLEqbgoKR — UCF Football ( @ UCF_Football ) April 22 , 2018
Validity of UCF 's claim aside , there 's no denying both championship rings are glitzy pieces of hardware to commemorate two totally different achievements .
While Bama lacks UCF 's undefeated record , its accolades are abundant , making their rings more about perennial dominance than a single accomplishment . In that sense , the championship ring advantage belongs to the Crimson Tide .
However , UCF 's rings have a tiny edge over Alabama 's in terms of timelessness . The Knights do n't have a national championship trophy on theirs – because they did n't win one – while Alabama has two . The slight problem with that is the championship trophy has the potential to change , so years from now , the two trophies engraved on the Crimson Tide 's rings might not exist .
But overall , nothing beats powerhouse theme to Alabama 's rings , and knowing that , its players used their rings to troll UCF .
The Real CHAMPS pic.twitter.com/qJDnSimCSt — Isaiah D. Buggs ( @ BigPooh_91 ) April 23 , 2018
REAL CHAMPIONSHIP RINGS 🤤💍 pic.twitter.com/JXG7ui86Dz — Bo Scarbrough ( @ starbo06 ) April 24 , 2018
Tell us which ring you think is better !
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information , people and ideas , Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information , news and insight around the world .
From Lincoln Speedway
ABBOTTSTOWN , PA – June 14 , 2017 – What a difference a night makes .
One night after crashing on the final lap at Grandview Speedway , San Jose , California 's Thomas Meseraull claimed the $ 6,000 top prize in race # 2 of the Amsoil USAC wingless sprint car Eastern Storm tour at Lincoln Speedway Wednesday night .
It was Meseraull 's second overall win of the year and fifth USAC win of his career .
Meseraull drove around polesitter and race-long leader Jarett Andretti to take the lead on lap six and drove away from the field to a four and-a-half second win over Andretti , who scored his best-ever USAC finish . Third through fifth were Kevin Thomas , Jr. , Chad Boesphlug , and Chris Windom .
Sixth through tenth were Tyler Courtney , Shane Golobic , C.J . Leary , Kyle Robbins , and Jerry Coons , Sr. Alex Bright was the hard charger after coming from 22nd staring spot to finish 11th . In the end , 17 of the 22 starters finished on the lead lap , and leading 2017 Lincoln winner Danny Dietrich was the only car which failed to finish .
Heats for the USAC Sprinters were won by Golobic , Windom , and Aaron Farney . Robert Ballou won the B-Main . And fast time in time trials over the 28-car USAC field was set by Justin Grant with a one-lap time of 15.874-seconds ( 85.055-MPH ) .
Lady driver Brie Hershey got the monkey off her back by becoming the ninth winner in nine races so far this year in the 20-lap “ 358 ” sprint car feature . Hershey started on the pole beside Ashley Cappetta and was never caught . It was Hershey 's fourth career Lincoln win .
Points leader Adrian Shaffer started fourth and was scored second every lap , with Phil Walter , Brent Shearer , and Cappetta rounding out the top five . Sixth through tenth were Doug Hammaker , Tyler Ross ( in a backup Tom Rumsey car ) , Kyle Denmyer , Ryan Higgins , and Todd Rittenhouse , Jr .
Heats for the 28 “ 358 ” Sprints were won by Walter , Shaffer , and Hammaker , with Rittenhouse winning the consolation .
Lincoln Speedway is back in action this Saturday night , June 17th , with BAPS NIGHT featuring the 410 Sprints and 358 Sprints . In addition , there it will be York Flooring Kids Big Wheel Races and it will also be the first of two York County Racing Club Nights on the season . Gates open at 5:30 PM , with racing action getting underway at 7:30 PM .
To get all the latest news , results , schedule changes and rule changes , visit Lincoln Speedway 's website at http : //www.lincolnspeedway.com to stay up-to-date on all the action or pending weather conditions at Central Pennsylvania 's “ Premier ” Saturday night race track – The Fabulous Lincoln Speedway .
RACE RESULTS
Wednesday , June 14 , 2017
LINCOLN SPEEDWAY
Abbottstown , PA
Amsoil USAC Sprints
USAC Eastern Storm Feature Finish ( 30 Laps ) – 1 . 27-Thomas Meseraull ; 2 . 18-Jarrett Andretti ; 3 . 44-Kevin Thomas , Jr. ; 4 . 69-Chad Boespflug ; 5 . 5-Chris Windom ; 6 . 23C-Tyler Courtney ; 7 . 3-Shane Golobic ; 8 . 30-CJ Leary ; 9 . 17R-Kyle Robbins ; 10 . 39C-Jerry Coons ; 11 . 13K-Alex Bright ; 12 . 32-Chase Stockton ; 13 . 12-Robert Ballou ; 14 . 63-Brady Bacon ; 15 . 99M-Kyle Moody ; 16 . 15F-Aaron Farney ; 17 . 52-Isaac Chapple ; 18 . 21P-Carmen Perigo ; 19 . 71P-Dave Darland ; 20 . 11-Justin Grant ; 21 . 77-Dustin Smith ; 22 . 13-Danny Dietrich . No Time
Lap Leaders – Jarrett Andretti ( 1-5 ) , Thomas Meseraull ( 6-30 )
USAC Sprint Heat Winners – Shane Golobic , Chris Windom , Aaron Farney
USAC Sprint B-Main Winner – Robert Ballou
USAC Time Trials ( Fast time ) – Justin Grant , 15.874-seconds ( 85.055 MPH )
KEIZER ALUMINUM WHEELS 358 SPRINTS
358 Sprint Feature Finish ( 20 Laps ) – 1 . 97-Brie Hershey ; 2 . 27S-Adrian Shaffer ; 3 . 5-Phil Walter ; 4 . 12-Brent Shearer ; 5 . 89-Ashley Cappetta ; 6 . 66-Doug Hammaker ; 7 . 41B-Tyler Ross ; 8 . 38D-Kyle Denmyer ; 9 . 13-Ryan Higgins ; 10 . 23R-Todd Rittenhouse , Jr. ; 11 . 9-Dalton Dietrich ; 12 . 19M-Landon Myers ; 13 . 28-Matt Findley ; 14 . 10-Zach Eucalano ; 15 . 66A-Cody Fletcher ; 16 . 59-Steve Wilbur ; 17 . 74-TJ DeHaven ; 18 . 5A-Zachary Allman ; 19 . 41-Jeff Halligan ; 20 . 7-Trey Hivner ; 21 . 90-Jordon Givler ; 22 . 12B-Mike Bittinger ; 23 . 19-Troy Wagaman , Jr. ; 24 . 5Q-Ryan Quackenbush . No Time
Lap Leaders – Brie Hershey ( 1-20 )
358 Sprint Heat One Finish ( 8 laps/6 to qualify ) – 1 . 5-Phil Walter ; 2 . 41-Jeff Halligan ; 3 . 41B-Tyler Ross ; 4 . 90-Jordon Givler ; 5 . 19M-Landon Myers ; 6 . 5Q-Ryan Quackenbush ; 7 . 23R-Todd Rittenhouse , Jr. ; 8 . 5A-Zachary Allman ; 9 . 10-Zach Eucalano ; 10 . 21X-Kyle Abrahims . No Time
358 Sprint Heat Two Finish ( 8 laps/6 to qualify ) – 1 . 27S-Adrian Shaffer ; 2 . 12-Brent Shearer ; 3 . 66A-Cody Fletcher ; 4 . 97-Brie Hershey ; 5 . 12B-Mike Bittinger ; 6 . 19-Troy Wagaman , Jr. ; 7 . 9-Dalton Dietrich ; 8 . 28-Matt Findley ; 9 . 19G-Todd Gracey ( DNF ) . No Time
358 Sprint Heat Three Finish ( 8 laps/6 to qualify ) – 1 . 66-Doug Hammaker ; 2 . 38D-Kyle Denmyer ; 3 . 13-Ryan Higgins ; 4 . 89-Ashley Cappetta ; 5 . 59-Steve Wilbur ; 6 . 7-Trey Hivner ; 7 . 74-TJ DeHaven ; 8 . 3-Chris Prior ; 9 . 8-Kenny Kuhn . Time – 2:12.88
358 Sprint Consolation Finish ( 8 laps/6 to qualify ) – 1 . 23R-Todd Rittenhouse , Jr. ; 2 . 9-Dalton Dietrich ; 3 . 74-TJ DeHaven ; 4 . 28-Matt Findley ; 5 . 10-Zach Eucalano ; 6 . 5A-Zachary Allman ; 7 . 8-Kenny Kuhn ; 8 . 3-Chris Prior ; 9 . 21X-Kyle Abrahims DNS : 19G-Todd Gracey . No Time
A passenger who died in a crash in Carmarthenshire has been named as 73 year old Linda Allchurch .
Ms Allchurch , from Ammanford , died after the Toyota Yaris she was travelling in was involved in a collision on Tycroes Road in the town at about 15:40 BST on 3 August .
The man driving the car was taken to hospital , but the extent of his injuries are not known .
Dyfed-Powys Police said it was continuing to investigate the crash .
A U.S. solar startup has picked a trade fight with President Donald Trump .
1366 Technologies Inc. , which spun out of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , has drawn a rebuke from the U.S. Energy Department for asking that its silicon wafer factory under construction in Asia be exempt from American tariffs . The Energy Department says the overseas facility may violate the startup 's agreement to manufacture in the U.S. as part of a $ 150-million federal loan guarantee for a factory in Upstate New York .
“ Constructing and operating the Southeast Asia facility is likely contrary to 1366 's U.S. manufacturing commitments , ” John Lucas , acting general counsel at the Energy Department wrote in a letter to the U.S. trade representative released Monday . “ DOE takes this matter very seriously and is currently looking into 1366 's compliance with its DOE funding agreements . ”
1366 is partly owned by Hanwha Group in South Korea .
'The Post ' is the new great American movie Streep , Hanks and Spielberg : How has this power threesome never converged before ? In a brisk , timely story about freedom of the press , “ The Post ” may be all-too-easy Oscar bait , but ...
You can now rent Ben Bradlee and Sally Quinn 's estate The Grey Gardens estate in East Hampton , which author and journalist Sally Quinn and the late Washington Post editor Ben Bradlee bought for $ 225,000 in 1979 from Jackie O 's cousin ...
Former Washington Post editor Ben Bradlee dies at 93 WASHINGTON — Ben Bradlee , the hard-charging editor who guided The Washington Post through its Pulitzer Prize-winning coverage of the Watergate scandal and invigorated its newsroom for more than two decades , ...
Get the Better newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
Former Boston Globe journalist Marie Campagna Franklin saved thousands of dollars with a simple trick : she tucks away every $ 5 bill she gets back in change .
The Lasell College associate professor says it all started in 2005 while she was paying a toll on the Massachusetts Turnpike . She handed the toll worker a $ 20 bill , she recalls , and he handed her back three $ 5 bills in change .
“ I took the money , I tucked it away , I put it inside a part of my wallet , and just left it there , ” Franklin told NBC News BETTER . “ And a couple of days later , the same thing happened . ”
She recalls having about $ 35 in savings by the week 's end .
All you have to do is make two commitments : one is use more cash in your daily consumption , and two , tuck away every $ 5 [ bill ] that comes back as change . All you have to do is make two commitments : one is use more cash in your daily consumption , and two , tuck away every $ 5 [ bill ] that comes back as change .
“ Probably after two or three weeks of watching the fives grow , I thought ‘ Wow , that 's pretty good , it 's such a simple way to put money aside and it does n't hurt , ' ” she says .
At the time , Franklin and her husband were spending thousands of dollars a month on their children 's college tuition , she says .
“ It was a lot of money , ” says Franklin . “ I was feeling like , ‘ Oh my goodness , I 'm never going to have any extra money again , ' ” she says .
But after 13 years of pocketing $ 5 bills , Franklin no longer worries about money . She says the habit helped her save about $ 40,000 .
How it works
The “ Save Money Fast With Fives ” blogger says pocketing fives is an effective way to save because it 's easy .
“ All you have to do is make two commitments : one is use more cash in your daily consumption , and two , tuck away every $ 5 [ bill ] that comes back as change , and there 's nothing else you have to worry about , ” she says . “ It just adds up . ”
The blogger says she typically estimates how much money she 'll spend in a week on smaller purchases — about $ 100 . Then , she 'll withdraw that amount in $ 10 and $ 20 bills . When she uses a $ 10 or $ 20 bill to buy something that costs $ 2.99 , for example , she 's almost guaranteed to get at least one $ 5 bill back .
“ I pay with a $ 10 bill , I get a $ 5 back , I tuck the $ 5 away , ” she says .
Once the fives become $ 100 , she says , she puts the money into a savings account . When she has about $ 1,000 in the account , she puts it into a certificate of deposit ( CD ) , she explains .
“ So , from the [ bank ] cashier 's hand , into my wallet , into the savings account , $ 1,000 up , then I take it out and reinvest it in something a little bit higher , ” says Franklin .
'Doing Does It '
If you want to get started with this simple way to save , Franklin 's advice is to “ just do it . ”
“ I had a friend years ago that used to say ‘ Doing does it , ' says Franklin . “ In other words , if you have an intention for something , you can sit there and worry about it forever , but if you just get up and do what it is you say you want to do , that sometimes is all you need . ”
How to get started :
Use cash : Estimate how much you spend on smaller purchases in a week and withdraw that amount in $ 20 and $ 10 bills . When you use the larger bills to make a purchase , you 're likely to get back at least one $ 5 bill .
Estimate how much you spend on smaller purchases in a week and withdraw that amount in $ 20 and $ 10 bills . When you use the larger bills to make a purchase , you 're likely to get back at least one $ 5 bill . Pocket your fives : Tuck away every $ 5 bill you get in change .
Tuck away every $ 5 bill you get in change . Put it in a savings account : Once you 've saved around $ 100 , put the money in a savings account .
Once you 've saved around $ 100 , put the money in a savings account . Invest : When your savings grows to around $ 1,000 , invest the money in an investment method of your choice and watch your money grow .
NEXT : How to create an emergency fund in 90 days
Want more tips like these ? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier , healthier and smarter ways to live . Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .
What 's behind the ludicrous roster on baseball 's biggest tank Last fall , FOX premiered the series “ Pitch , ” about the screwball-throwing first female pitcher in major league history . She was a Padre . This spring , A.J . Preller premiered a roster that had ...
Tigers reversing all-in course — are their stars now for sale ? SCOTTSDALE , Ariz. — The Tigers have admitted they need to change their ways , and now the industry waits to see just how much and how quickly . Detroit general manager Al ...
MLB insiders skeptical Marlins ' go-for-it trade was worth it The Marlins are going for it . Is that a good thing ? They have every reason to try to make the playoffs this season , considering only the Mariners have gone longer ...
Exec 's rant on 'pathetic ' Padres starts with James Shields The frustration in San Diego is palpable . Padres executive chairman Ron Fowler , in a radio interview with the Mighty 1090 AM on Wednesday , labeled the team “ miserable failures ” on the ...
Padres slink away from spotlight after high-profile disaster PEORIA , Ariz. — The Padres have reentered baseball 's witness protection program . For a few heady months last year , San Diego went from non-contending and nondescript to the most talked about ...
MLB 's 10 most intriguing : Is A-Rod changed man or desperate fraud ? When we talk about a player maintaining his pace from the first half , the standard conversation is about if Bryce Harper can challenge 50 homers or Zack Greinke can keep ...
Bud Black the fall guy for roster Padres 'rock stars ' assembled Bud Black looked up at the whiteboard in his Yuma , Az . spring office while answering nearly every question from a visitor in late March . The board was filled with the ...
How to diagnose MLB 's early flukes , fads and flops We spend an offseason formulating questions , and then a season answering them . Or changing them , or changing them back . I am not even sure , for example , where we are on ...
Did Padres sacrifice a coherent roster on altar of star power ? What has stood out about the Gregg Popovich Spurs is just how much sense they always make as a team . They accumulate talent that fits together . This allows them to ...
Image caption Artist 's visualisation of the George Square cultural festival
All Glasgow pubs , clubs , restaurants and hotels will be able to open for an extra hour during next month 's European Championships .
Glasgow Licensing Board has agreed bars can stay open until 01:00 and clubs until 04:00 .
The city is co-hosting the multi-sports event , from 2-12 August , with Berlin in Germany .
The championships are due to be the biggest event in Glasgow since the 2014 Commonwealth Games .
Councillor Matt Kerr , GLB Chair , said : `` I 'm sure our licensed trade will rise to the occasion as they always do . ''
A separate cultural programme featuring live music , circus , dance , theatre and visual art will run alongside the sporting action .
Premises will not be obliged to take up the offer and do not have to apply for the extension .
'Fantastic reputation '
But the licensing board said they must notify the council of their intention to take advantage of the relaxed laws .
Last orders for restaurants and hotels vary in accordance with their own individual conditions .
The extension will not apply to casinos , which are able to operate until 06:00 .
Mr Kerr said : `` The European Championships will again put Glasgow in the international spotlight with a potential TV audience of over a billion tuning in to view the sporting action . ''
He added : `` Glasgow pubs , clubs and restaurants have a fantastic reputation and we know from our experience during the Commonwealth Games that people in the city want to go out and enjoy themselves after the day 's competition is over . ''
Glasgow and other locations in Scotland will host swimming , cycling , rowing , triathlon , gymnastics and golf .
Berlin 's Olympic Stadium will stage the athletics competition .
MIAMI – No matter what came out of Pablo Sandoval 's mouth — or what he shoved into it during his heavier days — the Giants never doubted his desire or enthusiasm .
The Panda just loves to play baseball .
If nothing else , club officials surmised , bringing back Sandoval could charge some life into a comatose clubhouse .
When the Giants endured the madness of playing three games in a 24-hour period at Nationals Park over the weekend , Sandoval was among the three players who the distance for Manager Bruce Bochy . Joe Panik and Jarrett Parker were the others . Ryder Jones also started all three games , but he was lifted twice for a pinch hitter .
“ Long day at the office , ” Sandoval said , smiling .
The Giants arrived at their hotel in Miami at almost 5 a.m. Monday , and now they will drag themselves into this three-game series at Marlins Park .
Panik is off . Parker is off . Jones , a rookie , is off .
Sandoval ? He 's playing .
It 's what he loves to do .
“ Pablo was here early , ” Bochy said . “ He 's eager to play and he wants to play . And you know , we could use some energy , after last night . ”
Sandoval is playing even though it means batting right-handed against Marlins left-hander Adam Conley . There were times in Boston when Sandoval abandoned his right-handed swing . He made it clear from the moment he re-signed with the Giants , though : he is still a switch hitter .
And at this point , the Giants have nothing to lose by letting him try . Right ?
“ Well , not just that , ” Bochy said . “ When he was with us , he got some pretty big hits right-handed . I cant ' assume he 's not able to hit right-handed . He was OK from the right side . ”
There were a couple brief periods when Sandoval abandoned his right-handed swing during his first tenure with the Giants , but that was because an injured shoulder encumbered him from that side .
A year like 2015 , though , would convince anyone to give up on a right-handed hitting Sandoval . He went an unfathomable 2 for 41 as a right-handed hitter , and ended up trying his luck left on left . ( He hit .255 in 106 at-bats . )
This season , Sandoval is 3 for 25 with four strikeouts from the right side .
But Bochy remembers when Sandoval hit .379 in 2009 , .290 in 2011 and .299 in 2012 as a right-handed hitter . He also liked the right-handed swings that Sandoval took against Nationals closer Sean Doolittle , even though the at-bat ended with a pop-up in the ninth inning Sunday .
“ I ca n't assume he 's not able to hit right-handed , ” Bochy said .
Besides , the alternatives would mean starting Jones , a left-handed hitting rookie , at third base , or Kelby Tomlinson , who was 0 for 4 with four strikeouts in his Game 2 start on Sunday .
So Sandoval will get a chance to prove he can be productive again , in every respect .
“ I have to prove a lot to my teammates and the coaching staff , everybody , ” Sandoval said after hitting an upper-deck homer off the Nationals ' Max Scherzer on Sunday – his first as a Giant in almost three years . “ I just want to have great at-bats . ”
( He also made it clear in a Players Tribune article attributed to him that he never felt comfortable with the Red Sox , writing , “ because every day I spent in Boston , my heart was still back in San Francisco . ” )
—
Panik is getting a pre-planned day off and he did n't take the field for optional batting practice , but Bochy said the second baseman was feeling fine and is available in any capacity off the bench .
Panik had some lightheadedness after Sunday 's doubleheader stemming from a play at the plate in Game 2 , when a throw struck him in the helmet as catcher Matt Wieters almost simultaneously gloved it and applied a tag .
Panik stayed in for the remainder of Sunday 's game and said afterward that he passed concussion tests .
—
Matt Cain will start Wednesday 's series finale here , Bochy said .
The Giants were short a starter because they 'll end up playing six games in five days , thanks to Sunday 's doubleheader at Nationals Park . The club should have enough fresh arms in the bullpen to get by without having to use Cain in long relief in the first two games of this series , Bochy said .
—
Johnny Cueto ( strained flexor muscle near elbow ) continues to play catch and is expected to throw off a mound later this week . There remains no firm timetable for his return .
—
Brandon Belt ( concussion ) continues to rest at home . He 'll be reevaluated when the Giants return to AT & T Park on Thursday .
—
Giancarlo Stanton has hit home runs in four consecutive games , and six of his last seven . He has 21 homers in his last 33 games .
“ I wo n't tell you how we 'll pitch to him , ” Bochy said . “ You 're careful . I 'll leave it at that . ”
( UPDATE : Ty Blach was n't careful enough . Stanton went deep for a two-run shot in the first inning . It 's his 43rd homer this season , a Marlins franchise record . )
—
Lineups :
The Equifax hack may be worse than previously thought .
The national credit bureau revealed Monday that another 2.5 million people are believed to have gotten their personal information swiped during the cyberattack — bringing the total up to 145.5 million .
“ I was advised Sunday that the analysis of the number of consumers potentially impacted by the cybersecurity incident has been completed , and I directed that the results be promptly released , ” newly appointed interim CEO Paulino do Rego Barros Jr. said in a statement .
“ Our priorities are transparency and improving support for consumers , ” he added . “ I will continue to monitor our progress on a daily basis . ”
According to Equifax , the additional US customers who may have been affected were not victims of a new attack . They just were n't accounted for when officials initially tallied the numbers .
“ I want to apologize again to all impacted consumers , ” Barros said . “ As this important phase of our work is now completed , we continue to take numerous steps to review and enhance our cybersecurity practices . We also continue to work closely with our internal team and outside advisors to implement and accelerate long-term security improvements . ”
Equifax ultimately determined that there were more victims during a review of the data breach , which was first disclosed on Sept. 7 — more than five months after the hackers reportedly infiltrated the company 's servers .
The investigation was conducted by the forensic security firm Madiant .
“ The completed review determined that approximately 2.5 million additional U.S. consumers were potentially impacted , for a total of 145.5 million , ” Equifax said Monday . “ Mandiant did not identify any evidence of additional or new attacker activity or any access to new databases or tables . Instead , this additional population of consumers was confirmed during Mandiant 's completion of the remaining investigative tasks and quality assurance procedures built into the investigative process . ”
Former Equifax CEO Richard Smith is scheduled to address a House subcommittee Tuesday to discuss the data breach after being forced into retirement last week as a result of it .
In a prepared statement Monday , Smith said the hackers were able to access the company 's servers thanks to a flaw in its network , which the security department failed to fix — despite warnings from the US Computer Emergency Readiness Team .
“ We now know that the vulnerable version of Apache Struts within Equifax was not identified or patched in response to the internal March 9 notification to information technology personnel , ” Smith said . “ I am deeply sorry that this occurred . ”
Equifax plans to update the feature on its website — allowing US consumers to check whether their information was stolen — to reflect the newly listed consumers . The company said the site should be updated by Oct. 8 .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — The Latest on nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards ( all times local ) :
5:47 a.m .
The Golden Globe nominees for best motion picture drama have been announced in Beverly Hills , California . They are : They are “ Call Me By Your Name , ” ″Dunkirk , ” ″The Post , ” The Shape of Water ” and “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri . ”
___
5:45 a.m .
The Golden Globe nominees for best motion picture comedy or musical have been announced in Beverly Hills , California . They are : “ The Disaster Artist , ” ″Get Out , ” ″The The Greatest Showman , ” ″Lady Bird ” and “ I , Tonya . ”
___
5:40 a.m .
The Golden Globe nominees for the best television drama series have been announced in Beverly Hills , California . They are : “ The Crown , ” ″The Handmaid 's Tale , ” ″This Is Us , ” ″Stranger Things ” and “ Game of Thrones . ”
___
5:35 a.m .
The Golden Globe nominees for best actor in a television comedy or musical have been announced in Beverly Hills , California . They are : Anthony Anderson , “ black-ish ” ; Aziz Ansari , “ Master of None ” ; Kevin Bacon , “ I Love Dick ” ; William H. Macy , “ Shameless ” and Eric McCormack , “ Will & Grace . ”
___
5:30 a.m .
The Golden Globe nominees for best actress in a television comedy or musical have been announced in Beverly Hills , California . They are : Pamela Adlon , “ Better Things ” ; Alison Brie , “ Glow ” ; Rachel Brosnahan , “ The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel ” ; Issa Rae , “ Insecure ” and Frankie Shaw , “ Smilf . ”
___
5:28 a.m .
The Golden Globe nominees for best limited television series or movie have been announced in Beverly Hills , California . They are : “ Big Little Lies , ” ″Fargo , ” ″Feud : Bette and Joan , ” ″The Sinner ” and “ Top of the Lake : China Girl . ”
___
5:25 a.m .
The Golden Globe nominees for best animated feature film have been announced in Beverly Hills , California . They are : “ The Boss Baby , ” ″The Breadwinner , ” ″Coco , ” ″Ferdinand ” and “ Loving Vincent . ”
___
5:22 a.m .
The Golden Globe nominees for foreign language film have been announced in Beverly Hills , California . They are “ Fantastic Woman , ” ″First They Killed My Father , ” “ In the Fade , ” ″Loveless ” and “ The Square . ”
___
5:20 a.m .
The reading of Golden Globe nominations has begun in Beverly Hills , California . The nominees for best TV comedy series are : “ black-ish , ” ″The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel , ” ″Master of None , ” ″Smilf ” and “ Will & Grace . ”
___
5 a.m .
Decked in a large cozy sweater , actress Kristen Bell is sipping coffee and staying warm before she takes the stage to announce the nominees for the 75th Golden Globe Awards .
Journalists gathered early Monday at the Beverly Hilton Hotel for the reading of the nominations , which honor acting and other work in film and television .
The hotel is a flurry of activity in these early hours with publicists and members of the press chatting and grabbing a little bite of fruit , bagels and croissants before the nominations announcement begins .
Photographers and camera crews took test shots of the stage where Bell , Alfre Woodard , Garrett Hedlund , and Sharon Stone will read the nominations in 25 categories beginning at 5:15 a.m .
The Golden Globe will be hosted Jan. 7 by Seth Meyers and broadcast by NBC from the Beverly Hilton .
___
12 a.m .
Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards will be announced Monday morning from Beverly Hills , California .
The nominations will begin at 8:15 a.m. Eastern , with a second batch of nominees announced live on NBC 's “ Today ” show . Among the favorites are Steven Spielberg 's “ The Post ” and Christopher Nolan 's “ Dunkirk . ”
In the television categories “ The Handmaid 's Tale ” and “ Big Little Lies ” could be in for a big morning .
The Golden Globe will be hosted Jan. 7 by Seth Meyers and broadcast by NBC from the Beverly Hilton Hotel .
`` What happens to you here is forever , '' warns O'Brien , an agent of the Thought Police , in `` 1984 . '' He would 've loved the internet .
Online , everything is forever . All the sites you visit , articles you like , posts you share : They 're in the permanent file . Facebook Inc. 's most recent scandal -- in which it allowed an outside company to furtively collect its users ' data on a huge scale -- caused an uproar in large part because the people affected thought they were taking a harmless and ephemeral quiz ; instead , their answers were stored for years and used in ways they never expected .
This kind of thing will keep happening so long as online privacy is governed by the concept of consent . It 's true that internet users `` consent '' to share their data in the abstract -- they accept the privacy policies , click the right boxes , jump through the right hoops to keep on doing what they were doing . But this choice is not informed , and that 's so by design . The last thing companies such as Facebook want is for their users to think about what will be done with their data . Consent of this kind serves a narrow legal purpose , but is otherwise meaningless .
Is there a better way ?
One idea , proposed by Jack Balkin of Yale Law School , is for online service providers to be deemed `` information fiduciaries . '' Much as a lawyer must protect a client 's confidentiality , and a financial adviser must give trustworthy advice , these companies would be required to act in the best interests of their users when handling sensitive data . This would acknowledge two important facts about the relationship between internet users and service providers .
One is that the relationship is asymmetrical . Tech companies know a great deal about their users , and have powerful tools to influence them , but the users are essentially in the dark about how the services work . Such power imbalances are a standing invitation to abuse .
Another fact is that the relationship is based on trust . Although tech companies assert that they 'll protect your personal information -- `` Privacy is very important to us , '' Mark Zuckerberg once said , evidently in earnest -- users have no meaningful way of evaluating such statements . They must either accept the assurances and divulge their data , or forgo use of the service . Given how central products such as Facebook and Google have become to modern life , that 's not much of a choice . You just have to trust them .
In other realms of professional life , relationships with those two characteristics are generally bound by duties . A patient trusts a doctor not to expose her intimate medical details , and the doctor is compelled by professional , ethical and legal standards to protect her interests . Likewise with accountants and attorneys .
Something similar could be applied to online service providers -- perhaps , to begin with , on a voluntary basis .
The federal government could establish a set of best practices , and companies could choose to adopt them by agreeing to become fiduciaries . They could agree ( say ) to refrain from using data in unexpected or deceitful ways , pledge to share it only with trustworthy third parties for a limited purpose , and commit to handling it responsibly . `` Their central obligation , '' as Balkin puts it , would be `` that they can not act like con artists -- inducing trust in their end-users to obtain personal information and then betraying end-users or working against their interests . '' In return for accepting such obligations , companies could be offered tax benefits , immunity from certain lawsuits , and protection from America 's expanding patchwork of state and local privacy laws .
There 's no perfect solution to this problem . Case by case , the fiduciary approach wo n't always give clear guidance on the proper use of data , for instance . Even with a grant of protection from some lawsuits , litigation would sometimes be needed to establish what the duties entail in specific instances .
Yet the idea would have many benefits . If it were introduced on a voluntary basis , it would allow different business models to compete . Information fiduciaries might be popular with users , but less so with advertisers , requiring the companies to raise revenue through subscriptions or in other ways . Some consumers , on the other hand , might care more about getting their services at no charge than protecting their data . A voluntary fiduciary standard would allow the market to sort this out . And whatever the model , users and firms alike would have a much better understanding of their rights and obligations .
With information fiduciaries , the internet , where everything is forever , would be a more honest place to do business -- or whatever else you want to do .
-- Editors : Timothy Lavin , Clive Crook
To contact the senior editor responsible for Bloomberg View 's editorials : David Shipley at davidshipley @ bloomberg.net .
Cosby drops defamation suit against Beverly Johnson Bill Cosby made the move to focus on his defense in a criminal case in Pennsylvania , his lawyer said .
Bill Cosby does n't scare Beverly Johnson She says Cosby 's threat to sue her for defamation is only a tactic to intimidate her .
Bill Cosby sues Beverly Johnson for defamation Cosby 's lawsuit contends Johnson has been using the allegation of sexual assault to try to rekindle her career .
Beverly Johnson forgives Bill Cosby But that does n't mean that the model does n't think the disgraced comedian does n't have plenty to answer for .
Legendary supermodel told Mike Tyson : 'Win , and I 'll give you some ' At a party at the home of fashion designer Halston , Beverly Johnson found herself melting into the “ violet-hued eyes ” of Elizabeth Taylor , who sat across from her . Taylor wore “ the ...
Babysitter indicted for alleged abuse of child left brain-dead HAMILTON , Ohio — A baby sitter accused of abusing a 3-year-old Ohio girl whose family says was left brain dead has been indicted on charges of felonious assault and felony ...
Babysitter accused of abusing 3-year-old girl left brain-dead HAMILTON , Ohio — A southwestern Ohio babysitter is accused of abusing a 3-year-old girl whose family says the child was left brain-dead . The Butler County Sheriff 's Office says 35-year-old Lindsay ...
Babysitter arrested for sexually abusing kids , taking explicit photos A former Long Island baby-sitter has been arrested for sexually abusing and taking explicit photos of three children who he cared for , prosecutors said Friday . Benjamin Fielman , 27 , was caring ...
4-year-old boy goes missing while grandpa babysat LAURINBURG , N.C. — A North Carolina family is passing out posters and offering up prayers as they await word on a 4-year-old boy who disappeared from his home earlier this ...
State trooper babysits for Starbucks barista in a jam Balancing work and motherhood can be a challenge , so when one North Carolina Starbucks barista found herself without childcare before her morning shift , the kindness of co-workers and customers willing ...
Parents , do n't make this mistake with your New Year 's Eve baby sitter Parents looking for a fill-in baby sitter on New Year 's Eve need to be extra vigilant , according to a new report . Parents are n't giving substitute baby sitters the resources they ...
Babysitters make big bank on New Year 's Eve This is no reason to celebrate . Parents spend a ton on babysitting . The national average for a babysitter is about $ 15 an hour for one child and the average job ...
These states are more expensive to raise children Paying someone to care for your children is more expensive than putting a roof over your head in most states . The average cost of sending two children to day care ...
Pot-smoking naked couple tried to seduce teen babysitter : cops A Wisconsin couple who returned home drunk allegedly stripped down and tried to seduce one of their teen babysitters , officials said . Crystal and Justin Robinson , of Wind Lake , were arrested ...
Treble support will be rolling out in OnePlus ' latest OxygenOS open beta , which has launched simultaneously for both phone models . A tweaked UI , improved weather app , and the ability to accent colors via a customization wheel are also listed in the complete changelog .
Beyond Android Oreo 's debut , it 's been up to a manufacturer 's discretion whether or not a phone that was upgrading to Oreo would be Treble compatible -- there is more work involved , after all . Apart from the OnePlus 5 and 5T , around 20 other smartphones including the Huawei P10/P10 Plus and LG 's V30 have made the jump . OnePlus originally said it was skipping on Treble because it requires a storage partition , and since all OnePlus devices lack the necessary partition , there was a chance they 'd brick .
Treble is credited as the reason behind why phones like the Xperia XZ2 and Xiaomi 's Mi Mix 2S have beta access to Android P , which is a good sign for OnePlus 's 5 and 5T too . In the meantime , you can get the newest open beta builds ( OpenBeta 13 for OnePlus 5 , OpenBeta 11 for OnePlus 5T ) here . OnePlus ' latest phone , the OnePlus 6 , already supports Project Treble .
Nearly two years after NYPD cop Randolph Holder was fatally shot by a reputed gangbanger , hundreds of uniformed officers and family members joined together Friday to rename the Queens street where he grew up in his honor .
The intersection of Briar Place and Collier Avenue in Far Rockaway is now known as Detective Randolph Holder Way , after the third-generation officer .
see also NYPD cop gunned down in Harlem shootout A cop was fatally shot in the head while chasing ...
“ It makes me feel special , really special and honored , ” his father , Randolph Holder , Sr. , said at the ceremony , which was attended by 250 uniformed officers and other supporters . “ He would 've wanted it . He was a humble guy , but he loved to see expression [ s ] of appreciation . ”
Mayor de Blasio , NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill , City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito and Deputy Inspector Erik Hernandez , the commanding officer of PSA 5 , Holder 's unit at the time he was killed , were also in attendance .
“ He had lived the American dream , literally , ” de Blasio said of Holder . “ He came here to the Rockaways from Guyana to carry out a family legacy that is extraordinary : a grandfather , father , an uncle all having worn the uniform to protect others . That is what we found out about Detective Holder , that he was everything we hope for for every family and for everyone who comes to this great country . ”
O'Neill spoke directly to Holder 's father and stepmother , Princess .
“ What you bring to us is critical to our mission , ” the commissioner said . “ It was a sad and tragic day [ in ] October 2015 — you lost so much but you continue to stand with us each and every time . I thank you for that . ”
Princess said the new sign is a comfort in her continued grief .
“ It 's very difficult for me , ” she said . “ It gets worse every day . These events just bring back memories . But at least today is a very positive day , and I 'm very excited to see the sign in his memory . Every time I come out [ of the house ] I will see the sign , and that will make me feel nice .
Holder 's fiancee , Mary Muhammad , 34 , said , “ It made me feel proud but it also made me feel sad at the same time .
“ I am overwhelmed . I am happy that Randy is being recognized for the great man and police officer that he is and was , but I am also sad that he is not here with us . I miss him every single day . ”
Shooter Tyrone Howard fatall​​y blasted Holder on an FDR Drive footbridge in East Harlem as he fled the scene of a non-fatal shooting nearby .
He was found guilty in March and banished to life behind bars without ​the possibility of ​parole in April .
Last summer , my wife and I got married and we moved from Portugal to Boston almost immediately after our honeymoon . It 's great to have a place just for ourselves , but we quickly found that neither of us were big fans of having to vacuum our apartment . It 's a laborious and monotonous job that takes up a lot of time , but it 's also an unavoidable fact of life that homes get dirty and need to be cleaned regularly . Not wanting to spend an hour or more every week vacuuming up the place , we checked out The Wirecutter 's robot vacuum recommendations and ordered their pick , the Ecovacs Deebot N79 , half expecting we 'd return it within a couple of weeks .
We set up the Deebot N79 using the app and scheduled it to run daily on our 850 sqft apartment , and soon discovered that this little robot actually does such a good job that we have n't had to vacuum our place manually since we bought it . Granted , we do n't have pets or thick carpets , but we were both thoroughly impressed with the N79 . Despite the quirks that come with the Deebot N79 not being a 'premium ' robot vacuum — it does n't have a mapping feature or a sophisticated navigation system , nor does it work with Alexa or Google Assistant — my wife and I are both very happy with our purchase .
If I 've managed to sway you into considering buying your own robot vacuum , then you 'll be happy to know that Amazon currently has a deal on the Ecovacs Deebot N79 that 'll save you $ 50.60 off the regular price of $ 229.98 and get a free accessory kit with replacement filters and brushes ( which usually costs $ 24.99 ) thrown in too . To take advantage of the deal , all you have to do is add the Deebot N79 and the accessory kit to your cart and use the code MIR8RW8O at checkout .
The Ecovacs Deebot N79 was Amazon 's bestselling robot vacuum cleaner in 2017 and this is the best price we 've seen so far in 2018 . If you do n't enjoy spending your weekends vacuuming , I would definitely recommend you consider giving the Deebot N79 a try .
This is snark served cold with a topical twist .
Vodka company Smirnoff 's new advertising campaign proclaims that despite its Russian name , it 's `` made in America . ''
`` But we 'd be happy to talk about our ties to Russia under oath , '' the advertisement says , alongside a bottle of booze and — of course — a Moscow Mule ( Vodka , lime , ginger beer ) .
The advertisement catapulted to Reddit 's front page over the weekend and has lit up social media , earning plaudits for being hilariously on point given current events .
And those Russia ties are n't fake news . Smirnoff — then Smirnov — started in Moscow in the 1860s . But the Smirnov family fled Russia during the October Revolution of 1917 , eventually setting up shop in the United States .
No word yet on whether the ads shook or stirred the Trump administration .
Beal , a model-rocket hobbyist , told investigators he had not made any bombs and did not have material for an explosion as powerful as the one he saw in news coverage .
Steve Young , a friend and neighbor , said Beal 's daughter told him the explosives were determined to be legitimately purchased and stored fireworks . She also said the explosives and other evidence found in the house and her father 's car did not match residues found at the crime scene .
`` Everyone can see how he was a suspect because of the relationship , but they could n't find anything , '' Young said . `` They gathered the evidence , and the system worked , and there was nothing that could tie him to the explosion . We 're just glad he 's free to have his life back . ''
Krajnyak , 48 , was killed and two female clients were seriously injured when she opened a box that erupted in a fiery explosion at the spa in the city of Aliso Viejo , about 50 miles south of Los Angeles , investigators said .
Evidence from the crime scene was still being processed and investigators were following leads , the Orange County Sheriff 's Department said in a statement Tuesday . No suspect will be named in the killing until investigators have enough evidence to bring charges .
At Beal 's home in Long Beach , the curtains and blinds were drawn and he did not answer the door or return messages sent to him by friends on behalf of The Associated Press .
`` I feel sorry for him , '' said Don Westerhoff , who lives across the street . `` You can be able to build rockets and not be able to build a bomb that 'll blow up in a box . ''
Beal told investigators that he and Krajnyak had recently split up over issues of exclusivity and finances , according to an affidavit filed in court by an FBI agent . But they remained business partners .
Krajnyak , a mother and licensed cosmetologist , had just returned to California after visiting family in her native Hungary .
Nevada gaming officials have opened an investigation into the allegations of sexual misconduct that forced billionaire casino owner Steve Wynn to resign as finance chairman of the Republican National Committee .
Becky Harris , chairwoman of the Nevada Gaming Control Board , gave no details of the investigation other than to say in a brief statement that the inquiry would be `` thorough and judicious . ''
Wynn , 76 — chairman and chief executive of Wynn Resorts , which operates luxury casinos from Las Vegas to China — resigned from the RNC post on Saturday after The Wall Street Journal published a report detailing an alleged pattern of behavior that spanned decades and included accusations by employees that they were coerced to perform sex acts .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Steve Wynn 's resignation hovers over Republican Party 6:05 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Wynn has strongly denied the allegations to NBC News , calling them `` preposterous . ''
Todd Ricketts , co-owner of the Chicago Cubs , has been picked to succeed Wynn as Republicans ' finance chairman , several Republican sources told NBC News on Monday .
How safe is the area around your pool ?
Do you have a fence around it ?
Do you have alarms on the doors leading to it ?
These steps are especially important if you have small children and want to keep them safe around the pool !
Get more tips on pool safety at http : //www.cpsc.gov . B96 Cares !
Alan McGinnis New Jersey State Police
- Advertisement -
The announcement did not indicate a motive or what the possible connection between Cody and McGinnis might have been .
Cody was last seen in Browns Mills , New Jersey , a town neighboring Pemberton , where his remains were found . Family reported him missing after he did n't come home from a friend 's house .
Shortly after his disappearance , Cody 's mom April Berry told Dateline she had a gut feeling that something bad had happened to her son .
“ Cody would 've at least reached out to somebody by now . He would 've called and said , ‘ Mama , I 'm fine , ' ” April told Dateline in October . “ All his clothes are here . His medical paperwork , his high school diploma , his pictures of his daughter… . He would n't leave that behind . ”
Following McGinnis 's arrest , Cody 's brother Daniel Robert MacPherson
acknowledged the discovery of his brother 's remains and the arrest of the alleged killer .
“ On behalf of the family we want to thank everybody for their efforts , time and evergy to help look for cody and get info as the case went on , ” the post read . “ This is very hard for the family and I… Keep your family close everybody . Talk to a family member you have n't talked to in awhile and tell them you love them . ”
Daniel also wrote parting words to his late brother : “ I love you more than you could possibly know . I cherish every memory . And will always forever . ”
Cody 's mom April
also posted on Facebook that day , saying , “ Dont mourn him , celebrate him . He touched so many lives . We all have a piece of him , in our soul . ”
27-year-old Alan McGinnis is currently being held in the Ocean County Jail in New Jersey . Anyone with information should contact Detective Brant Uricks of the Ocean County Prosecutor 's Office Major Crime Homicide Unit at ( 732 ) 929-2027 , Detective Shaun Clark of the New Jersey State Police Homicide Unit , Detective Brian Miller of the Burlington County Prosecutor 's Office Major Crime Homicide Unit , Detective Jason Luis of the Pemberton Police Department , or Detective Scott Conover of the Jackson Township Police Department .
Cody MacPherson was
originally featured in Dateline 's Missing in America series .
LOS ANGELES — Authorities say an explosion left a home in Los Angeles severely damaged .
It happened around 3 p.m. Wednesday in Canoga Park and scattered wood , clothing and other debris in the backyard pool and on neighboring homes .
The Los Angeles Fire Department says no one was injured .
Image copyright ANNA BON Image caption Illiterate farmer Yacouba Sawadogo tests out a mobile web-to-voice service in Burkina Faso
We 're growing more used to chatting to our computers , phones and smart speakers through voice assistants like Amazon 's Alexa , Apple 's Siri , Microsoft 's Cortana and Google 's Assistant .
And blind and partially sighted people have been using text-to-speech converters for decades . Some think voice could soon take over from typing and clicking as the main way to interact online . But what are the challenges of moving to `` the spoken web '' ?
What use is written online content if you ca n't read ?
That is the situation facing illiterate Ghanaian farmers denied crucial information the web offers many others .
With a literacy rate in Ghana of only 22.6 % , farmers are often `` underpaid for their produce because they might be unaware of the prevailing prices , '' says Francis Dittoh , a researcher behind Mr Meteo , a speech-based weather information service .
`` The most recurring complaint is about rainfall predictions , '' says Mr Dittoh , who lives in Tamale , northern Ghana .
`` They tell us the methods their forefathers used to predict the weather do n't seem to work as well these days . ''
This is down to climate change , he believes . Yet knowing when it 's going to rain is vital for farmers wanting to sow seeds , irrigate crops or graze their animals .
Mr Dittoh says the idea of converting online weather reports in to speech came from the farmers themselves , after a workshop in the village of Guabuligah .
Image copyright Anna Bon Image caption The web-to-voice kit is small and cheap to make it as accessible as possible
`` They came up with this , '' he says .
Mr Meteo takes the online weather forecast , converts it to a short recording in the appropriate language and makes it available on a basic phone . Farmers ring up to receive the information . The local language Dagbani is spoken by 1.2 million people but is not served by Google Translate .
The service was designed to be cheap and easy to run , says Mr Dittoh - it works on a Raspberry Pi 2 computer with a GSM dongle . He plans to begin field tests this month , working with Tamale 's Savanna Agricultural Research Institute .
The spoken web could also help the one-in-five adults in Europe and the US with poor reading skills , says Anna Bon , a university researcher in Amsterdam who worked on earlier prototypes of the web-to-voice system in Mali and Burkina Faso .
But building the spoken web - web-to-voice and voice-to-web - is n't straightforward .
`` To understand pizza is served at Italian restaurants is easy , '' says Nils Lenke , head of research at speech recognition company Nuance .
`` To cover multiple domains and to be able to have a conversation with you on every single topic , that 's still far out . ''
Image copyright RAND HINDI Image caption Rand Hindi says automatic speech recognition is `` one of the hardest problems to solve ''
So although Alexa and the others can answer simple questions about the weather and play music for us , anything resembling a wide-ranging human conversation is decades away , most experts agree .
Artificial intelligence just is n't smart enough yet .
Even transcribing your voice into text - automatic speech recognition - is `` one of the hardest problems to solve , as there are as many ways to pronounce things as there are people on the planet '' , says Rand Hindi , Paris-based founder of speech start-up Snips .
This may be an exaggeration , but the multiplicity of local dialects and accents certainly makes the task a formidable one .
Web-to-voice interfaces are getting better though , says Mr Hindi . They 've started to learn to handle quotation marks and the pause between titles and by-lines , and now sound a bit less robotic .
Now `` they can ... emphasise boldface and whispering italics , '' he says .
But digital voices need more personality to make them popular , believes Anna Bon .
`` Robots are not yet witty , Siri is boring , '' she says .
Image copyright Studio Claerhout Image caption Doctors ' dictated patient notes can be transferred automatically to online forms
The benefits of using voice instead of tapping fingers obviously depends on the context .
Doctors completing online forms about their patients by speech , for example , can dictate 150 words a minute , three times faster than typing on a keyboard , says Mr Lenke .
This enables them to spend less time on administration and more time with patients .
In 2017 , Nuance helped a doctors ' surgery in Dukinfield , near Manchester , set up a speech system for the practice 's six doctors . Now they can dictate notes on a patient 's health condition and treatment and a smart assistant automatically enters the information into the right fields on a web form .
Previously , the doctors made voice recordings that were then transcribed by secretaries - a process that was costly and prone to backlogs .
The new system has enabled the practice to treat four more patients a day , and letters to patients now have more detail , says practice manager Julie Pregnall .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption When doing messy cooking , would n't it be better if the online cookbook could speak to you ?
Using voice also makes sense when you 're doing other things with your hands .
`` Think about when you 're cooking , '' says Mr Hindi , `` and you just want to know what 's the next step in the recipe . Your hands are greasy , you 're not going to get on the iPad , so it 's a lot more natural to talk . ''
And speech obviously makes sense when you 're driving .
In the US , 29 % of drivers admit they surf behind the wheel , according to insurance firm State Farm . This is up from 13 % in 2009 .
No wonder using mobile phones while driving causes more crashes a year than drink driving , says the US National Safety Council .
More Technology of Business
Image copyright Getty Images
Steve Word is the engineer behind a recently launched plug-in called Polly , which lends a speech function to WordPress websites .
`` In complicated written languages like Mandarin , speech might give you an advantage , '' he says .
Speech is less useful in libraries , places of worship or lecture theatres , of course , so it 's clear that while up to half of all searches could be voice by 2020 , according to some forecasts , the web will have to be accessible by any which way we want , depending on context .
But building the spoken web will be easier said than done , it seems .
The maker of the engine that blew up on a Southwest Airlines jet last week was getting ready to recommend inspections that would have included that engine right before the fatal accident .
Engine maker CFM International Inc. , in response to a similar malfunction in 2016 , had recommended last year that carriers inspect a limited population of older fan blades that did n't include the one that failed last week .
But a draft recommendation circulated to some carriers for their input would have expanded the list enough to include the engine that was powering Flight 1380 when a fan blade broke off midair over Pennsylvania . It shattered a window and sucked a woman partly out of the plane .
Those recommendations were the basis of the emergency inspections ordered Friday by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration . The company 's recommendations “ had been in the works for weeks before the incident , ” said CFM spokesman Rick Kennedy .
It 's unclear whether the expanded inspections would have happened in time to prevent last week 's accident .
The expansion of engine inspections was part of the process of trying to gather data on an extremely rare failure like the one that occurred two years ago and was not because of any indication of an impending risk of another blade failure , Kennedy said .
Earlier : Jet Engine That Exploded Had Metal Weakness Signs , U.S. Says
“ We 're on the very front end of trying to understand this phenomenon , ” Kennedy said . `` The biggest challenge in our industry is managing something that 's exceedingly rare . You do n't have a baseline . ''
After a CFM engine failed in 2016 , the company issued service bulletins calling for inspections of specific lots of fan blades with more than 15,000 flights since their last maintenance overhaul . The Southwest engine that failed last week had about 10,000 flights since being overhauled , according to the airline . It also was n't among the fan blade serial numbers cited in that bulletin , according to Kennedy .
The broader inspections , which are now aimed at all older fan blades , adds a new twist to the mystery of why two similar , severe failures on one of the world 's most common and most reliable jet engines have occurred within two years . Engines ca n't be certified until they demonstrate in tests that they can lose a fan blade without causing damage to an aircraft , but that happened in both incidents on Southwest planes .
Evolving Hazard
The process of deciding which engines should be inspected is typical for how manufacturers and regulators approach an evolving safety hazard , said Sarah MacLeod , executive director of the Aeronautical Repair Station Association .
“ They have to make some assumptions in order to narrow the risks , ” MacLeod said .
Since the incident , CFM has recommended that engines with 20,000 flights or more should have fan blade inspections by the end of August . The same inspections should be done in cases where airlines do n't know how many flights a fan blade has made . Carriers sometimes move blades from engine to engine during routine maintenance and it can be difficult to track exactly the number of a blade 's flights .
NTSB Probe
Kennedy said he was addressing the inspection process only and could n't comment on National Transportation Safety Board 's investigation of the two incidents . The NTSB has n't completed its investigations into either accident . In the 2016 case , a fan blade broke off and ricocheted out the front of the engine , causing damage that led the plane to lose pressure . The flight diverted to Pensacola , Florida , but no one was injured .
Southwest Airlines Co. says it plans to inspect all engines of that make regardless of their number of flights . CFM is a partnership between General Electric Co. and France 's Safran SA .
Under the emergency order issued Friday , the engine that failed in the latest case would have been inspected . It had a total of about 40,000 flights , so was above the threshold in the order . The order also does n't make a distinction based on previous overhauls .
The FAA , which is starting with the oldest engines first , says it is considering expanding its inspection order . The agency plans on following CFM 's call for more checks by August in a separate action , according to a person familiar with the matter , who was n't authorized to speak publicly about the information and asked not to be identified .
More on CFM inspections by Bloomberg Intelligence analysts
The FAA 's order on Friday covers an estimated 352 of the oldest CFM56-7B engines on U.S. carriers , which fell far short of the number of engines CFM had suggested that airlines eventually inspect . “ We are considering further rule-making to address these differences , ” the FAA wrote in its emergency airworthiness directive .
Last November , Southwest began a program to inspect all its CFM56-7B fan blades every 3,000 hours , going beyond what the manufacturer had suggested , Chief Operating Officer Mike Van de Ven said in a memo sent to employees last Friday . However , the engine that exploded last week had n't gone through that inspection , said Brandy King , a company spokeswoman .
The accident April 17 was the first fatal accident involving a U.S. passenger airline since 2009 . Investigators say a fan blade at the front of the engine that had been weakened by repeated stresses broke off on Flight 1380 . The Boeing Co. 737-700 , which was en route from New York to Dallas , made an emergency landing in Philadelphia .
A passenger , Jennifer Riordan , who was a vice president at Wells Fargo & Co. in New Mexico , was killed after being partly sucked out of the opening . The plane made an emergency landing in Philadelphia .
While the initial orders are focused on the overall time of an engine , carriers sometimes move older fan blades onto engines that were purchased more recently . That could complicate how the airlines target which engines they should inspect , said Gary Weissel , managing officer at Tronos Aviation Consulting Inc .
`` They 'll have to go through all their engines and calculate how long have the blades been on . It will be a little more of a manual review , '' Weissel said .
— With assistance by Julie Johnsson
WASHINGTON — In an era of deep partisan division , the Supreme Court could soon decide whether the drawing of electoral districts can be too political .
A dispute over Wisconsin 's Republican-drawn boundaries for the state legislature offers Democrats some hope of cutting into GOP electoral majorities across the United States . Election law experts say the case is the best chance yet for the high court to put limits on what lawmakers may do to gain a partisan advantage in creating political district maps .
The justices could say as early as Monday whether they will intervene .
The Constitution requires states to redo their political maps to reflect population changes identified in the once-a-decade census . The issue of gerrymandering — creating districts that often are oddly shaped and with the aim of benefiting one party — is centuries old . The term comes from a Massachusetts state Senate district that resembled a salamander and was approved in 1812 by Massachusetts Gov . Elbridge Gerry .
Both parties have sought the largest partisan edge when they control redistricting . Yet Democrats are more supportive of having courts rein in extreme districting plans , mainly because Republicans control more legislatures and drew districts after the 2010 census that enhanced their advantage in those states and in the U.S. House of Representatives .
In the Wisconsin case , a federal court struck down the districts as unconstitutional in November , finding they were drawn to unfairly minimize the influence of Democratic voters .
The challengers to the Wisconsin districts say it is an extreme example of redistricting that has led to ever-increasing polarization in American politics because so few districts are genuinely competitive between the parties . In these safe seats , incumbents tend to be more concerned about primary challengers , so they try to appeal mostly to their party 's base .
“ If the court is not willing to draw a line here , it would suggest the court is unlikely ever to feel comfortable setting a limit , ” said Richard Pildes , an election law expert at New York University 's law school .
Defenders of the Wisconsin plan argue that the election results it produced are similar to those under earlier court-drawn maps . They say the federal court overstepped its bounds and judges should stay out of an inherently political exercise .
The justices should correct the lower court 's “ flawed analysis before it spreads to other jurisdictions and interferes with the states ' fundamental political responsibilities , ” Texas Solicitor General Scott Keller wrote for 12 Republican-dominated states that are backing Wisconsin .
The issue has torn the court for decades . Some justices believe courts have no role to play in a matter best left to elected officials . Others say courts should step in . In 2004 , Justice Anthony Kennedy staked out a position somewhere between those two views , saying courts could referee claims of excessively partisan redistricting , but only if they can find a workable way to do so . In that case and again in 2006 , Kennedy did n't find one .
The Supreme Court has never struck down districts because of unfair partisan advantage , although it has intervened frequently in disputes over race and redistricting over the past 50 years .
Similar lawsuits are pending in Maryland , where Democrats dominate , and North Carolina , where Republicans have a huge edge in the congressional delegation and the state legislature .
“ The court is surely aware that this decade produced some of the most aggressive partisan gerrymandering in the modern era , ” Pildes said .
The Wisconsin case seems promising because the lower court said it found a way to measure the partisan nature of the districts . The court adopted an equation offered by the challengers that essentially measures and compares each party 's wasted votes —those going to the winner in excess of what 's needed for victory — in an election . Republicans might stuff Democratic voters into Democratic districts , leaving other districts with Republican majorities that are essentially just large enough to elect GOP candidates .
This “ efficiency gap ” identifies districting plans that are likely to accentuate one party 's control over the 10-year life of the plans , said Eric McGhee , a research fellow at the Public Policy Institute of California , who helped develop the measurement .
Wisconsin Republicans drew the maps in 2011 after they took full control of state government in the 2010 elections . Under those maps in 2012 , Republicans captured 61 percent of state assembly seats while winning 48.6 percent of the statewide vote . They now have their largest majorities in the state House and Senate in decades .
Republicans argue they are successful because they run better candidates in a state that is trending Republican . They also say they have a natural edge in redistricting , since Democrats tend to cluster in cities and suburbs , creating districts that overwhelmingly vote Democratic .
We use cookies to personalize content , features and ads . We share information about your use of our site with our partners who may combine it with other information from your use of the services .
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information , people and ideas , Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information , news and insight around the world .
Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
- Advertisement -
LONDON — British police declared a “ major incident ” early Wednesday after two people were left critically ill following their suspected exposure to an “ unknown substance ” just a few miles from the scene of a nerve agent attack on a former Russian spy and his daughter .
Emergency services were twice called to a property in Amesbury , England , where a man , 45 , and a woman , 44 , were found unconscious Saturday .
Deputy Chief Constable Paul Mills updates reporters outside the Bowman Centre in Amesbury , north of Salisbury in southern England , on Wednesday.Geoff Caddick / AFP – Getty Images
In a news conference Wednesday afternoon , Wiltshire Police 's deputy chief constable Paul Mills said the pair had “ been hospitalized following their potential exposure to an unknown substance . ”
Paramedics were called on Saturday morning and “ They were called back later the same day , supported by colleagues from Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service , following reports a man had also fallen unwell in the same location . ”
Mills reiterated an earlier police statement , where authorities said they initially believed pair had taken contaminated heroin or crack cocaine , before investigating whether a different substance may have caused them to collapse .
“ However , further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill . ”
Police on the scene outside Amesbury Baptist Centre as Wiltshire Police declare a major incident after a man and woman were exposed to an unknown substance on July 4 , 2018 in Amesbury , England.Jack Taylor / Getty Images
London 's Metropolitan Police had earlier confirmed that counterterrorism officers were involved in the investigation .
Amesbury is seven miles from the town of Salisbury , where former double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter were poisoned with military-grade nerve agent Novichok in March . The British government blamed Russia for the attack . Moscow has repeatedly denied any involvement .
Police emphasized that it was unclear whether a crime had been committed in the latest case .
However , they said five locations frequented by the pair around Amesbury and Salisbury were cordoned off as a “ precautionary measure ” on Wednesday .
In Salisbury , a supported housing complex for the homeless was cordoned off , located 840 feet from Zizzi 's , the restaurant the Skripal 's dined the evening they were poisoned . So too was Queen Elizabeth Gardens — a park just 1,300 feet from the location the Skripals were found collapsed .
Amesbury is located around five miles from Stonehenge , the prehistoric monument visited by more than a million people annually .
Salisbury District Hospital , where the pair are receiving treatment and the Skripals were patients in the aftermath of the March attack , remained open as normal on Wednesday .
Follow @ insidefutbol
Chelsea custodian Asmir Begovic insists that his team have enough experience to hold their nerve and get over the line to win the league title .
The Pensioners surrendered three points to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday , thus opening a window of opportunity for second placed Tottenham Hotspur .
Antonio Conte 's team though still hold a four-point lead at the top of the table with six matches still left to be played in the season , and also look to have a more straight forward run-in .
And the 29-year-old goalkeeper feels that there are enough experienced player in the squad to guide them through and the general mood within the team is not nervy .
`` It 's not getting nervy . We an experienced group of players who have been there and done this before . We have to just focus on getting better for the next game '' , Begovic told his club 's official website .
`` We 'll bounce back .
`` There is still lots to play for this season .
`` We just have to do our job .
`` We still have a four-point advantage which at the beginning of the season we would have taken at this stage . ''
Chelsea now have four home games against Southampton , Middlesbrough , Watford and Sunderland , along with two away games against Everton and West Brom and Begovic feels that if they can win their games Tottenham 's results wo n't matter .
`` We are still in a good position and we just have to concentrate on ourselves .
`` If we pick up the points we need it does n't matter what Spurs do . ''
After two days of round-the-clock work to control water flowing over the Oroville Dam in Northern California , people who live downstream of the structure are allowed to return to their homes , officials announced Tuesday .
Nearly 200,000 people were affected by evacuations after water scoured enormous holes in two of the dam 's concrete spillways beginning Sunday , raising concerns that the tallest dam in the country could fail .
Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea announced Tuesday evening he was lifting an evacuation order issued on Sunday , Dan Brekke of member station KQED reported .
`` Thousands of lives were protected [ from ] the looming prospect of a catastrophic failure of the emergency spillway , '' Honea told reporters , adding that residents should be ready to evacuate again if conditions change .
`` There 's the prospect that we can issue another evacuation order if circumstances change , '' he said .
The Red Cross said shelters remained open on Tuesday evening .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency also announced that federal disaster relief for Butte , Sutter and Yuba counties had been approved by the White House on Tuesday .
On Monday and Tuesday , crews dumped enormous rocks into damaged sections of the dam 's damaged emergency spillway , hoping to prevent further erosion . The spillway is supposed to carry water from Lake Oroville around the main wall of the dam when the lake level is too high .
With the lake level still high and more rain forecast for later this week , officials rushed to prevent a catastrophe , as The Los Angeles Times reported :
`` A swarm of trucks and helicopters dumped 1,200 tons of material per hour onto the eroded hillside that formed the dam 's emergency spillway . One quarry worked around the clock to mine boulders as heavy as 6 tons . An army of workers mixed concrete slurry to help seal the rocks in place. `` 'This is an aggressive , proactive attack to address the erosion , ' said Bill Croyle , acting director of the state Department of Water Resources . 'There 's a lot of people , a lot of equipment , a lot of materials moving around , from the ground and from the air . ' `` At the main spillway , a different and riskier operation was underway : Despite a large hole in the concrete chute , officials have been sending a massive amount of the swollen reservoir 's water down the chute to the Feather River in a desperate attempt to reduce the lake 's level . `` The structure continued to hold Tuesday without sustaining more significant damage , officials said . ''
By Wednesday morning , officials said the lake level was low enough to handle rain from the next storm , Dan Brekke reported .
The damage to Oroville Dam raises questions about the ability of aging infrastructure to cope with severe weather exacerbated by global warming .
After a damaging five year drought in California , the National Weather Service said Tuesday that much of the state is on track for the wettest winter ever recorded , filling reservoirs and replenishing alpine snowpack that will continue to feed rivers for months .
That means California 's aging dams will be tested as they have not been in years .
The New York Times reported that `` of the 1,585 dams in California , 17 are listed in poor condition and 97 in fair condition , according to the National Inventory of Dams , which is kept by the United States Army Corps of Engineers . ''
On Tuesday , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer called the Oroville dam situation `` a textbook example of why we need to pursue a major infrastructure package in Congress , '' continuing , `` Dams , bridges , roads , and all ports around the county have fallen into disrepair . ''
Follow @ insidefutbol
Leeds United boss Thomas Christiansen insists that striker Chris Wood is part of the club 's plans and with the player stating his desire to stay , it will require an excessively high bid from interested clubs to lure him away from Elland Road .
Wood has been linked with a move to the Premier League , with Burnley and another unnamed top flight club showing interest in securing his services .
An offer of £12m plus bonuses from the Clarets and a £16m bid from an unnamed side have already been knocked back by the Whites , with the head coach stating his desire to extend Wood 's stay at Elland Road .
The player concerned has also spoken about his desire to work with the team and to help them finish in the top six , which Christiansen believes is a sign of his preference to stay put .
Christiansen insists only an eye-watering bid , jokingly citing the sum paid by Paris Saint-Germain for Neymar , could take Wood away .
“ If they give me £200m like for Neymar , perhaps we can talk about that '' , the head coach was quoted as saying by the Yorkshire Evening Post .
“ I believe that in the programme he said he feels happy and that after I signed he said he would be happy staying here .
“ Why should n't he ? ”
Never one to miss a distended body part , the internet has erupted in widespread mockery of the new poster for Steven Spielberg 's Ready Player One .
The limb in question is a leg , and my , the movie 's star Tye Sheridan 's is a proper whopper .
View photos ( Credit : Amblin ) More
Looking pensively up to space as he climbs a ladder in a futuristic trailer park , his leg extends below ludicrously .
And it 's not gone unnoticed .
There is nothing wrong with the new Ready Player One poster. # stopbodyshaming pic.twitter.com/crbuRC8tYM — Paultoes ( @ paultoesjohn ) December 9 , 2017
Ready Player One looks great pic.twitter.com/H4DbovDa57 — Gus | ᴾᵒᵏᵉᵐᵒⁿ ᵁˡᵗʳᵃ ˢᵘⁿ ( @ guscraw ) December 9 , 2017
This guy 's legs lmao who allowed this poster to be released # ReadyPlayerOne pic.twitter.com/Nm6CvqShUI — Asher ( @ asher_nieman ) December 9 , 2017
That said , one Twitter user known for debunking internet hoaxes has taken it to task , spoiling everyone 's fun in the process with a lengthy thread . Check it below…
The leg in the Ready Player One poster is proportionally correct . THREAD ! — Captain Disillusion ( @ CDisillusion ) December 10 , 2017
Whether the fact that Sheridan 's character Wade Watts has a stupendously long leg is key to the plot – it 's not mentioned in the book – we do have a little more insight into the movie , thanks to the latest trailer .
Landing online yesterday , it delves deeper into the virtual world of the OASIS , where folks in future Columbus , Ohio ( and everywhere for that matter ) , escape from the dystopia .
Accompanied by some blazing Van Halen , it finds Wade and Olivia Cooke 's Art3mis hoping to find an Easter egg planted by the creator of OASIS James Halliday ( Mark Rylance ) .
Whoever finds it not only inherits his vast wealth but also control of the virtual world , and as such , they 're not the only gamers out there in this high-stakes treasure hunt .
Ben Mendelsohn 's murky corporation Innovative Online Industries and its army of gamers is also after it , and will stop at nothing to seize control of the world 's ‘ most important economic resource ' .
With a plot akin to a cross between Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and The Matrix , this adaptation of Ernest Cline 's novel – which is jammed with so many cultural references it 'll make your head spin – it 's a fantasy like no other .
Also starring Simon Pegg and T.J. Miller , it 's out across the UK on March 30 , 2018 .
Read more
First reactions for Star Wars : The Last Jedi
Former Dustin Hoffman co-star alleges sexual misconduct
Bryan Singer wants to work with Kevin Spacey again
The skyrocketing price of butter could kill off croissants , French bakers and pastry chefs are warning , amid growing anger from dairy farmers over the price of wholesale milk .
Croissants , the crispy , crescent-shaped breakfast bread cherished by the French , could soon become too expensive to produce , the country 's bakers warned on Tuesday .
The price of butter has risen by an eye-popping 92 percent in the year to May , with industry chiefs saying bakers are facing an “ unsustainable ” economic deficit by making croissants .
“ The situation will unfortunately deteriorate in the coming weeks with a strong risk that butter will run out , '' Fabien Castanier , the general secretary of the federation of French biscuit and cake-makers , said in a statement published on Tuesday .
Matthieu Labbe , a bakers ' industry spokesman , also raised the danger of butter shortages “ by the end of the year ” , if nothing was done about the problem .
The rise in the price of butter is blamed on falling milk yields in Europe , and especially in France , coupled with rising demand in both domestic and international markets .
The industry representatives said supermarkets , cafes and restaurants would have to “ quickly ” and “ significantly ” increase prices to keep pace with the sharply climbing cost of butter – an ingredient that represents up to one-quarter of croissants , brioches and other pastries .
‘ Better sharing '
The croissant crisis ironically came at the same time French dairy producers protested over falling incomes .
Milk farmers blocked , and in some cases dumped cow manure , outside some dairy processing sites in western France on Tuesday , in order to draw attention to their plight .
“ They have been facing a crisis for the past 30 months and the price they get for milk does not cover their production costs , ” said Christiane Lambert , president of the powerful FNSEA French farmers ' union .
“ We are asking for an increase of 30 to 40 euros per 1,000 litres of milk , ” said Florian Salmon , who represents young dairy producers in the Iles-et-Vilaine department in western France . He said fellow farmers currently earned around 305 euros per 1,000 litres of milk .
Dairy farmers and executives also called on supermarkets to do more to help resolve the crisis .
“ We are asking [ supermarkets ] to better share profit margins so that everyone wins , the stores , the milk processors , but also the farmers who always come last , ” Régis Louazon , a dairy farmer who joined protests near the city of Rennes told reporters .
Green Bay man 's experience in Okinawa during WWII shows him to have been much more than just husband of unfaithful wife
Source : GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites :
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM ( WiscReport.com ) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency , department , entity , or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it 's name . Established in 2002 , we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence . Our Mission is to report the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook . A Morbizco Internet Media online publication . – WisconsinReport.com .
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com .
Tobacco use is featured far more prominently in streaming services ' shows than on broadcast and cable TV shows watched by young people , especially Netflix Inc. hits , a new report from the antismoking nonprofit Truth Initiative has found .
The report homed in on the 14 most popular shows for people between the ages of 15 and 24 , analyzing the tobacco imagery in them .
Netflix NFLX , -2.25 % shows , especially the popular series “ Stranger Things , ” stood out , according to the report .
The seven Netflix shows in the sample had 319 “ tobacco incidents , ” more than the seven broadcast and cable TV shows examined , which had 139 incidents among them .
“ Stranger Things ” — in which more than one character smokes — had the most , followed by “ Orange Is the New Black ” and “ House of Cards , ” the report said .
Netflix did not immediately return MarketWatch 's request for comment .
There is “ a pervasive re-emergence of smoking imagery that is glamorizing and renormalizing a deadly habit to millions of impressionable young people , ” said Robin Koval , chief executive and president of Truth Initiative . “ It has to stop . ”
Truth Initiative
Online streaming of TV shows has become a major trend , especially among younger viewers .
Young people are also especially vulnerable to how smoking is portrayed , the report said , with nearly all smokers taking it up before the age of 26 .
And onscreen smoking does cause young people to begin smoking , the U.S. surgeon general concluded in a 2012 report after studying the depiction of smoking in movies .
Related : Four ways online streaming is changing the TV landscape
There are big questions about whether tobacco companies are pushing their products through streaming services , according to the Truth Initiative report , and whether streaming companies should get state tax incentives to produce their content if it promotes smoking .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has recommended that states consider such public-health factors as smoking in making tax-subsidy decisions , the report noted .
See more : Smoking among teens has reached historic lows
Of course , streaming services are n't the sole culprits . Nearly 80 % of shows among those most popular with young people commonly show characters smoking , the report found .
“ Veep ” main character Selina Meyer , for example , occasionally smokes , and the detective in “ Big Little Lies ” plays with a cigarette while observing interrogations , the report noted .
Even “ HBO 's TWX , -1.40 % hit ‘ Westworld , ' which is set in the future , features smoking in dramatic scenes , suggesting that even as smoking rates decline dramatically in the real world , smoking will still be normalized behavior in a future so advanced it contains fully lifelike robots , ” the report said .
Cigarette makers include Altria Group Inc. MO , -1.33 % , British American Tobacco BTI , -2.67 % and Philip Morris International Inc. PM , -1.58 % . Shares of the companies have dropped 14.8 % , 14.9 % and 5.2 % , respectively , over the last three months , compared with a 1.1 % rise in the S & P 500 SPX , -1.68 % .
Read on : These are the Netflix shows Netflix users binge watch most
Gay Talese , an exemplar of New Journalism and author of the recently published compilation “ High Notes ” ( Bloomsbury ) , is a consummate New Yorker . At age 85 , he 's still out most every night and treats the Upper East Side , where he has lived in the same home since 1958 , as if it is a small town — albeit , one with fine restaurants and amenities . Clearly , he 's in love with old-school New York , an iteration of the city that does not include chain coffee shops and 12-screen theaters . “ Where I live , ” he happily tells Michael Kaplan , “ things have not changed in nearly 60 years . ”
On weekends , I rarely leave my neighborhood . While I spend my weeks working during the day and going out all over the city at night — one evening last week , for example , I headed to the West Side for the documentary on James Baldwin and had dinner alone at PJ Clarke 's — weekends are largely devoted to chores and running errands .
But I like to find time for a martini at 6 p.m. My go-to spot is Le Veau d'Or , a French cafe that dates back to the 1930s . What I like is that the owner makes my martini and leaves me the shaker — so I get an extra half drink . Anyone who does that wins my heart . Plus that restaurant has no music . It 's quiet [ so ] you can have conversation , and the Dover sole ranks among the best in New York . I also like eating at the Pierre Hotel ( it 's close , and I enjoy the lamb chops ) as well as a steak joint called Donohue 's . The owner is a little bit like Elaine Kaufman . She 's the granddaughter of Martin Donohue , who founded the restaurant in 1950 , and knows what I like .
If I do leave the neighborhood on a weekend , it 's usually for a trip to Strand Book Store . To get there , I always take the subway . I tend not to rely on cabs , I do n't know how to use Uber , and the New York subway stands out as the most democratic example of America . It 's so civilized : A guy squeezes on with a bike , and nobody gets mad .
What I like about the Strand is that it has the most cultivated clerks . They 're knowledgeable and polite . Last time there , I was looking for books by Ian Frazier ; a guy took me around and helped me to find six good ones in paperback . After buying books I go to Cinema Village , which is right nearby . It 's a great , old movie theater that shows interesting films . I recently saw a music documentary there called “ Nighthawks on the Blue Highway . ”
But often my weekends in Manhattan are reserved for the mundane . Last Saturday I went to Lexington Hardware to buy light bulbs and string for tying recyclables . I do n't read daily news on the internet and the papers add up . I also got a haircut . The lady who does it for me is Mary Goldy . She came to my house , set a cloth on the floor , and I watched the news as she cut . I flip from CNN to Fox to MSNBC , dodging commercials . Ever since Trump took office , TV news has been interesting . Politically correct Obama was boring . Now watching the news is like watching “ The Sopranos . ”
The event marked the 60th anniversary of the landing of the Granma yacht which brought the Castro brothers and their bearded rebels from Mexico to Cuba to start their revolution against a U.S.-backed dictatorship .
Troops wielding automatic rifles marched in lock step behind a replica of the Granma on Monday , followed by a sea of banner- and flag-waving Cubans , many bussed in and organized through their workplaces and neighborhoods .
`` This is an important message of unity and strength , '' said Rene Lazo , 66 , who , like most , got up well before the crack of dawn to participate in the parade .
`` This is going to be a difficult year but we will keep working hard to bring our people forwards '' .
Communist-ruled Cuba fell into an economic recession in the second half of last year , its first since the collapse of the Soviet Union a quarter century ago , as its strategic ally Venezuela floundered .
Meanwhile its historic detente with the United States came under threat with the election of Donald Trump as President . Trump , who takes office on Jan. 20 , has said he would unravel attempts to normalize relations unless he gets a “ better deal '' .
All this is taking place as Cuba is also coming to terms with the loss of its revolutionary leader , Fidel Castro . While `` El Comandante '' had handed the presidency over to his younger brother Raul in 2008 , he remained a key figurehead .
Some of those marching held up images of Castro or banners reading `` We are Fidel '' . While the parade normally takes place every five years on Dec. 2 , it was postponed a month due to his death in late November .
`` He may not be present physically but he is in all our hearts , '' said Natalia Gonzales , who had painted `` I am Fidel '' on the foreheads of her three grandchildren .
Raul Castro and his family watched and waved at those marching from the foot of the towering monument to independence hero Jose Marti in the center of the square .
The mood on Monday was of defiance although many Cubans said they hoped there would not be a return of Cold War-era politics .
`` We are braced for conflict with the USA , we always have been , '' said 70-year-old Marcial Garcia . `` But I hope Trump will instead follow the path ... towards normalization . ''
Trump 's threat to gradual and still fragile detente could not come at a worse time for Cuba .
A tourism boom in part sparked by looser travel restrictions on Americans failed last year to offset dwindling oil shipments from Venezuela and less cash for Cuban doctors and other professionals working overseas .
`` Everything is just very uncertain at the moment , so there 's more propaganda , '' said Antonio Sosa , 50 , an engineer who chose not to attend the parade . `` You do n't see news on the news broadcast anymore , just speeches Fidel gave 30 years ago . ''
From the section
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption Three police officers and a nun were killed when a landmine hidden in a culvert was detonated on 24 July 1990
Detectives investigating the 1990 IRA murders of three police officers and a nun have made a second arrest .
A 54-year-old man was arrested at Belfast International Airport on Monday morning .
Police said he was being questioned over a number of offences , including the four murders .
The officers and nun were killed when a landmine hidden in a culvert on the Killylea Road in Armagh was detonated on 24 July 1990 .
The victims were Sister Catherine Dunne , Constable William Hanson , Reserve Constable Joshua Willis and Reserve Constable David Sterrit .
A 55-year-old man arrested last week over the murders was later released pending a report to the Public Prosecution Service .
FILE -- This undated file photo provided by the Orange County Sheriff 's Department shows Blaze Bernstein . A 20-year-old California man charged with the murder of a University of Pennsylvania student is due in court . Samuel Woodward of Newport Beach is scheduled to be arraigned on Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 , in Santa Ana . Authorities say Woodward killed 19-year-old sophomore Bernstein and buried his body in a shallow grave at a neighborhood park not far from the Bernstein family home in Lake Forest . Orange County Sheriff 's Department via AP , File )
90 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Wigan Warriors and Hull Kingston Rovers have been linked with a move for England international Dan Sarginson .
League Express reports that the versatile back is in talks with the two clubs over a possible return to Super League .
The 24-year-old joined NRL side Gold Coast Titans from Wigan last year but made just five appearances and found himself caught up in off-field issues .
It 's claimed that the Titans have granted him a release from his contract and the two Super League clubs are in the race to land his services next year .
For the full story , buy the new League Express , in stores now or online at totalrl.com/le .
Rafael Nadal posed with a koala before the Brisbane International , in what according to the Associated Press , is a customary photo for celebrity players at the tournament . Nadal 's looking to continue on the positive streak he ended 2016 on , when he got a win at an exhibition tournament in Abu Dhabi .
More from the Associated Press :
“ I played well in Abu Dhabi … I played three good matches , and that 's important for me , ” Nadal said Monday after the brief meet-and-greet with a local politician and a native marsupial . “ I really hope the good matches I played in Abu Dhabi helps me for here . ”
The 30-year-old Spaniard is playing in Brisbane for the first time , replacing Roger Federer as the tournament 's male draw card . He has a tricky opener against Alexandr Dolgopolov and , if he gets through that , a potential quarterfinal against top-seeded Milos Raonic , the defending champion .
Coming from Justin Williams , it was n't so much a promise as a rallying cry .
Soon after signing a free-agent contract with the Carolina Hurricanes in July , the forward said , “ We 're done losing . It 's time to climb the ladder and be relevant . ”
Williams won a Stanley Cup with the Hurricanes in 2006 . Traded away in March 2009 , he later won two Cups with Los Angeles Kings . He knows about relevancy in the National Hockey League and what it takes , in the structure and makeup of a team , to be relevant .
“ They 've done a lot of work over the last couple of years here to get this team to where it is today and it 's time to take the next step , ” Williams said this week . “ That 's what that comment was about . It 's time to make the playoffs and be a relevant team in the conversation of the best hockey teams in the NHL . ”
As the Hurricanes celebrate their 20th year in North Carolina , there is a demarcation line in that 20-year period . In the first 12 years , the Canes won a Cup , advanced to two Stanley Cup finals ( 2002 , 2006 ) , reached the Eastern Conference finals three times ( 2002 , 2006 , 2009 ) and had five playoff teams ( 1999 , 2001 , 2002 , 2006 , 2009 ) .
The Carolina Hurricanes ' Justin Williams talks to the media at PNC Arena earlier this summer after he was signed as a free agent . Williams played on the Canes ' 2006 Stanley Cup team and has played with a couple other teams in the years since . The Canes re-acquired him , hoping he brings an offensive spark to the team . Chip Alexander calexander @ newsoberver.com
The last eight years : no playoff teams .
That 's now the longest playoff drought in the NHL after the Edmonton Oilers , the team the Canes beat in the 2006 Stanley Cup final , qualified last season for the first time since '06 . And , yes , being able to draft Connor McDavid was a big part of that .
Former Canes coach Paul Maurice once likened it to a slugger in baseball , either hitting a home run or whiffing . The good years were very good , bringing Raleigh to life , energizing the community .
“ I think we might have spoiled some people in the first few years , ” Hurricanes general manager Ron Francis said . “ We had the Stanley Cup finals , the conference championship , the Stanley Cup . There were a lot of things happening . ”
But the past eight years have strained the patience of Canes fans . Attendance has suffered and the Canes have been last in the NHL the past two years .
“ It 's been a problem the past seven or eight years because we did not make the playoffs , ” Canes owner Peter Karmanos Jr. said . “ In 2008 and 2009 the economy was n't great . Even though we made the ( 2009 ) conference finals , Raleigh was suffering probably more than anywhere else from the ‘ Great Recession . ' Then as we came out of the Great Recession we had a team that has not been very good . ”
As for the lagging attendance , Karmanos said , “ It has nothing to do with the market . We need to win . We need to earn those tickets and we will . ”
That may happen under new ownership . Karmanos , who has owned the team since 1994 , has been negotiating a sale with an investor group headed by Texas-based sports attorney Chuck Greenberg – a $ 500 million transaction that could be completed before the end of the season .
The Canes have long been called a “ budget team ” and annually have had among the lowest payrolls in the league . That will continue this season with a young team with an average age of 24.9 on its 23-man roster . Carolina 's projected cap hit of $ 60.43 million tops only the Arizona Coyotes , according to CapFriendly.com , which tracks league salaries .
The Canes generally have been loathe to hand out big contracts to free agents . It did n't help when they signed forward Alex Semin to a one-year , $ 7 million deal in 2012-13 , then gave him a five-year , $ 35 million extension , only to have him turn out to be a bust that resulted in a costly contract buyout .
Francis , entering his fourth season as general manager , said he has been given enough financial resources by Karmanos . Williams ' two-year deal is worth $ 9 million . Defensemen Jaccob Slavin and Brett Pesce were signed to long-term contracts in the offseason . Darling 's four-year contract will pay him $ 16.6 million .
“ Pete has been good to me , ” Francis said . “ My job is to put the best team on the ice possible . There have been times when I 've needed to call him and asked to do things and he 's been fine with it . I do n't use that as an excuse at all . ”
Francis was the captain of the Canes ' 2002 Eastern Conference champions and is a Hockey Hall of Famer . He believes he has molded and assembled a team with the speed and the skill to put the Canes in the playoffs for the first time since 2009 .
Williams adds grit . The Canes have used the Chicago Blackhawks ' salary-cap squeeze to add Darling and other players – center Marcus Kruger , defenseman Trevor van Riemsdyk – with Stanley Cup pedigrees .
“ We played well last year despite below-average goaltending , ” Karmanos said . “ If we had average goaltending last year we 'd have made the playoffs by six or eight points according to our analytics .
“ But we 've built a team now that 's going to be a very good team for quite a few years . Ronnie ( Francis ) has built something that 's going to last . ”
It 's a team that has the attention of NHL analysts as the Canes ' 2017-18 season begins Saturday against the Minnesota Wild . Some see similarities with the Nashville Predators , who went through a rebuild and made it to the Stanley Cup final last season before being beaten by the Pittsburgh Penguins .
“ They have checked off the two boxes we talked about with Nashville in terms of goaltending and defense , ” NBC analyst Mike Milbury , a former NHL general manager , said of the Canes . “ The defense is more emerging than polished just yet , and the question for me will be can they score often enough to get the job done . But they 're clearly headed in the right direction . ”
Hurricanes president Don Waddell , hired in July 2014 , said that has been reflected on the business side . Waddell said in the 2006-07 season , with the impetus of winning a Cup , the Canes sold about 10,000 season tickets .
“ We have under 7,000 right now , ” Waddell said . “ When I got here it was under 5,400 , so we 're making progress . ”
The Canes were in the black financially last year , the first for the Carolina franchise in a non-playoff year . Waddell said the Canes made about $ 2 million , which he said did not include the lucrative cut NHL teams received from the expansion fee paid by the Vegas Golden Knights entering the league as the 31st team .
Waddell said despite finishing 30th in home attendance ( 11,776 ) , the Canes were not last in revenue from home games .
“ If the team continues to go the way we think they will , that will be a big uptick for us from a financial standpoint , ” Waddell said .
In looking back at the past eight years , Francis said poor starts have been a common thread . That , he said , needs to change this season and the Hurricanes do have a more favorable October schedule with five home games and five on the road .
In a loaded Metropolitan Division , the NHL 's best , it 's imperative to keep pace .
“ You just never knows how it goes , ” Francis said . “ There 's bad bounces , bad calls , injuries , you name it , there 's all kind of different scenarios . I can honestly say this is the best team we feel we 're putting on the ice since we took over as a management group , and we 're excited to see what they can do . ”
Williams , for one , is ready to drop the puck and get started .
“ This is time you want to bring it all together , ” he said . “ Now 's the time . ”
The Martin Luther King Jr. we knew 50 years ago This is one of those rare years in which the official celebration of Martin Luther King Jr. 's life falls on his actual birthday , January 15 . It will also mark , in ...
The case for Kudlow , the impact of the Ankara assassination and other commentary Foreign desk : What Russian Envoy 's Murder Might Mean The assassination of Russia 's ambassador to Turkey , Andrey Karlov , by a Turkish gunman shouting for jihad and pleading for Aleppo casts a ...
As the US and North Korean officials prepared for their first encounter in New York on Wednesday evening , US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo repeated the Trump administration 's demands .
`` Looking forward to meeting with Kim Yong Chol in New York to discuss @ Potus potential summit with Chairman Kim . We are committed to the complete , verifiable , and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula @ StateDept , '' Pompeo said in a Twitter post .
Trump last week called off the summit after North Korea expressed anger at comments by senior US officials . But Trump later said he was reconsidering his position and US , North Korean and South Korean officials have gone ahead with summit preparations .
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Combest and Cravens pool were both built in the 70s ( WFIE )
Discussions are underway on how to repair or replace aging city pools .
Last week , at the first presentation of the city 's budget , the future of the pools was discussed . We learned more about the vision of a new family aquatic center .
Combest and Cravens pool were both built in the 70s .
Officials say they 've had to pay for significant repairs at Cravens pool over the past few years .
Pool replacement and repair was placed in the community vision as part of the budget . That means next year , the city will save $ 350,000 to put toward the pool .
Parks Director Amanda Rogers says the vision would be a family aquatic center with different water features such as a lazy river , zero depth entry , and slides . However , that could cost the city anywhere from $ 3 to $ 9 million .
`` I 'm really doing some research and some homework ; so when and if that time comes that we have issues with either one of our locations , and our elected officials are put into a position to really make a decision on how we move forward , that I 'll have some education and some true real-life situations from other communities in our state , '' Rogers said .
Rogers says there 's no real timeline on when this project could start ; it really depends on when one of the current pools is beyond repair .
She said constructing a family aquatic center would take up to two years to complete .
Copyright 2018 WFIE . All rights reserved .
Having a team that can work together and communicate effectively is essential to a successful business . MSNBC 's JJ Ramberg shares some useful tips .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Work Smart : Create a Collaborative Environment 1:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
0:45 New Year 's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss : I need a rest , time away
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat , joining 7,000-point club
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
Wayne Pacelle , CEO and president of the Humane Society of the United States , speaks in 2017 .
`` Today , the Humane Society of the United States accepted the resignation of President and CEO , Wayne Pacelle , '' the organization announced on Twitter . Pacelle had worked for the Humane Society since 1994 .
The chief executive of the Humane Society resigned Friday amid an investigation into sexual harassment allegations and a revolt among his staff and board members .
Today , the Humane Society of the United States accepted the resignation of President and CEO , Wayne Pacelle . Read m… https : //t.co/3drIAqFPNd
Kitty Block , president of the division that governs the Humane Society 's international locations , will replace Pacelle , according to a statement .
“ We are profoundly grateful for Wayne 's unparalleled level of accomplishments and service to the cause of animal protection and welfare , '' Rick Bernthal , chair of the Humane Society 's board , said in the statement .
Bernthal did not mention the allegations against Pacelle , but earlier said that `` many of the allegations were explosive in nature , '' and that `` reading or hearing about them is a shock to anyone . ''
The allegations involve women in senior positions at the organization who felt their warnings and complaints about misconduct were ignored . According to the Washington Post , one woman said Pacelle kissed her against her will in 2005 when she was an intern . A former employee also alleged that a year later , Pacelle asked to masturbate in front of her and proposed giving her oral sex in a hotel room .
Pacelle 's resignation was a sharp turn from the Humane Society board 's vote Thursday to allow him to remain in his position . Seven board members resigned in protest of that decision , and staff members threatened a walkout .
Board member Erika Brunson also resigned alongside Pacelle Friday . The Humane Society did not give a reason for the resignation , but Brunson was reportedly the only board member to not only respond to an email warning of pervasive sexual misconduct , but personally attack the sender , the Washington Post reported .
The Humane Society did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Three people remain hospitalized at Kendall Regional Medical Center — one still in critical condition — after they were injured by the pedestrian bridge at Florida International University when it collapsed last week , a hospital spokesperson told the Miami Herald Monday .
The 950-ton concrete slab cracked and fell around 1:30 p.m. last Thursday , crushing those directly beneath it and killing six . Ten survivors were transferred to Kendall Regional after being pulled from the rubble by first responders . One victim died shortly after being transferred to the hospital , and the other nine were treated for injuries .
All 10 were level 1 trauma patients . One man arrived to the ICU in cardiac arrest , though doctors were able to restart his heart , said program director Mark McKenney in a news conference last week . Another victim arrived in a coma with “ severe extremity injuries , ” McKenney said . As of Monday morning , six survivors had been sent home after being treated for their injuries .
The identities of the survivors are still mostly undisclosed . Families of those who remain in the hospital have declined news media requests via the hospital spokesperson .
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access . SUBSCRIBE NOW
One survivor filed the first civil lawsuit against the companies responsible for the design and construction of the bridge on Monday . In the complaint , Marquise Rashaad Hepburn , 24 , said he was “ seriously injured ” by a car that swerved out of the way to avoid the collapsing bridge and hit him as he rode his bike to work .
The suit claims the companies ' negligence when designing and building the bridge led to the accident and caused Hepburn bodily injury , pain and suffering , disability , disfigurement , and mental anguish . Personal injury law firm Morgan & Morgan is representing Hepburn in the suit .
Police near Daytona Beach , Fla. , recently came upon an SUV with the motor running and three little kids in the back . The parents were dead in front from a fentanyl overdose .
The city of East Liverpool , Ohio , posted a shocking photograph of another dead overdosed couple , heads back and mouths open from a heroin overdose , a 4-year-old strapped in back . As its Facebook page explained , “ It is time that the non drug using public sees what we are now dealing with on a daily basis . ”
An opioid epidemic is upon us . In 2015 , drug overdoses took an estimated 52,000 lives , about two-thirds of the cases tied to opioid abuse . Opioids are painkilling drugs . They include such prescription medications as Vicodin , OxyContin and Percocet . Laws designed to tighten the abuse of the legal substances have driven addicts to switch to heroin and more deadly synthetic opioids .
President Trump pledged to end America 's “ terrible drug epidemic. ” What his administration has done about it so far is useless or worse .
I had to rub my eyes and check the wall calendar on reading that Attorney General Jeff Sessions plans to revive the war against marijuana . Never mind that deaths from marijuana overdoses are virtually unheard of .
Sessions also vows to put more drug addicts behind bars for longer periods of time . This ignores a growing bipartisan movement to slow the incarceration of nonviolent drug offenders . Many see it as pointless and a massive waste of money . Conservative lawmakers in Louisiana and Utah are helping lead the charge .
Enlightened police departments , meanwhile , are working to demilitarize their approach to drugs . In Seattle , for example , officers are giving users and low-level dealers a choice between joining a program and being arrested .
So Sessions goes to Long Island promising to finish off the violent MS-13 gang . Good idea , the rational mind thinks , but then why is he wasting precious resources jailing high schoolers caught smoking pot behind the bleachers ?
The war against drugs is especially futile when dealing with opioids . In the old days , it was n't terribly difficult for drug agents to notice Mexican traffickers using catapults to hurl huge bales of marijuana over the wall and into Arizona . Now synthetic opioids are being bought on the darknet , where buyers can go undetected .
Fentanyl is up to 100 times more powerful than morphine , and a few flakes can kill . Authorities in South Carolina booked a man who possessed more than 3 kilograms of fentanyl bought off the darknet — enough to end 1.5 million lives .
How are you going to stop the trafficking of something that can be mailed to homes in ordinary first-class envelopes ?
Over a million Americans have found treatment for their addictions through Medicaid . In Pennsylvania alone , some 124,000 people depend on Medicaid to help them in the hard battle to kick their compulsion .
That makes this a heck of a time for the Republican-controlled House to pass a bill chopping $ 880 billion from Medicaid over 10 years , which it just did . Trump 's budget would amputate another $ 610 billion from the program covering low-income Americans .
The war on drugs has long been condemned as a dismal failure , except as a job creation program for drug agents , prison guards , judges and lawyers . In 2015 alone , it drained an estimated $ 36 billion from the pockets of federal and local taxpayers .
There was no stopping the flow of drugs when cocaine came in kilo packages . There 's certainly no way to stop flakes bought anonymously and paid for with bitcoin .
On confronting the opioid epidemic , the Trump administration rates a zero . It does n't even have an act to get together . That 's American leadership in 2017 , and it hurts to watch .
E-mail Froma Harrop at fharrop @ gmail.com . Follow her on Twitter : @ FromaHarrop
To send a letter to the editor about this article , submit online or check out our guidelines for how to submit by e-mail or mail .
This story was first published on DenverPost.com
We 'll assume we have your consent to use cookies , for example so you wo n't need to log in each time you visit our site .
Learn more
Agree
3:47
Video : Arlington mom films arrests of her two teenage sons
3:13
How two officers helped a man with no pulse for 30+ minutes cheat death
1:21
CLEARCREEK TOWNSHIP , Ohio ( WDTN ) – Fire and medic crews are at the scene of a fire at General Dynamics Monday .
The call came in just before 3:30 p.m. at 200 S. Pioneer Blvd . on a report of smoke showing .
The Clearcreek Fire Chief tells 2 NEWS that they believe the fire may have started in the heater or filter in the building . When the fire started , there were reportedly 15 people inside .
2 NEWS currently has a crew at the scene . We will update this story with more information as we get it .
TOKYO — Clumps of oil have washed up on the shores of southern Japan , sparking are fears they may be linked to an Iranian crude tanker than sank in the world 's worst such disaster in decades .
Black clumps reached the island of Amami-Oshima , a coast guard official told Reuters by phone .
Authorities are checking to see if it is from the Sanchi tanker that sank in the East China Sea last month .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Iranian oil tanker sinks after collision off coast of China 0:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The government set up a special unit within Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's office to coordinate Japan 's response to the latest development , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters .
`` We are doing all we can , including dispatching a Coast Guard unit '' to remove the oil , he added .
Amami-Oshima is part of a chain of islands that includes Okinawa , an area famous for pristine beaches and reef systems .
The Iranian tanker sank nearly three weeks ago , raising worries about damage to the marine ecosystem .
The bodies of two sailors were recovered from the ship while a third body was pulled from the sea near the vessel . The remaining 29 crew of the ship are presumed dead .
A map showing the Japanese island of Amami-Oshima . Bing Maps
Earlier , the Chinese government said the sunken tanker had created two oil slicks . The ship , which was almost 1 million barrels of condensate — an ultra-light , highly flammable crude oil — sank after several explosions weakened the hull .
Japan 's environment ministry had said last month it saw little chance that the spill would reach the country 's shores .
Annie Lennox breaks silence on death of daughter 's boyfriend The singer 's 23-year-old daughter Tali Lennox was involved in a tragic accident on the Hudson River .
Body in river ID 'd as boyfriend of Annie Lennox 's daughter Dutchess County Sheriff 's Capt . John Watterson says an autopsy conducted Tuesday confirmed the body is that of 32-year-old Ian Jones .
Body found in river could be Tali Lennox 's missing boyfriend The body found near the Poughkeepsie Yacht Club matches the description of 32-year-old Ian Jones .
Tali Lennox 's boyfriend still missing after kayak accident The famed Eurythmics singer 's daughter set out with her boyfriend Saturday morning and their boat flipped around 10 a.m. , officials said .
The Nike Inc. executive who resigned last week amid a companywide internal review of inappropriate behavior is poised to leave with a $ 525,000 payout .
Trevor Edwards , the former president of the Nike brand and a one-time candidate to become the next chief executive officer , will officially depart in August after a stint as an adviser to Chief Executive Officer Mark Parker . At that point , a noncompete agreement kicks in that will pay Edwards the $ 525,000 over the next year in monthly installments , according to regulatory filings .
Trevor Edwards Photographer : Natalie Behring/Bloomberg
Nike cast a cloud over Edwards 's exit by saying it was reviewing misconduct at the world 's largest athletic brand . One of the 55-year-old 's top lieutenants , Jayme Martin , also abruptly left the company last week . Still , Nike did n't link the behavior to either executive .
Edwards will also have about $ 9 million of unvested stock awards at the end of his employment , based on Nike 's closing price on Friday . At retirement , this kind of compensation usually gets cashed out or keeps vesting . But Nike 's filing does n't make this clear , and the company declined to answer questions about Edwards 's compensation .
Nike has repeatedly said there were no direct allegations of improper behavior against Edwards . The executive was n't available for comment , according to the company .
— With assistance by Jenn Zhao
There is one clear winner as school spending costs rise each year : the United Federation of Teachers .
No group in the city has amassed more political clout than the teachers union , which has scored a new contract for its members , helped block charter schools from expanding , pushed for the renewal of mayoral control of city schools , and ensured the city education budget continues to soar .
The union , which represents 200,000 city teachers , staff and retirees , has poured $ 359,450 into city political campaigns since 2009 while splurging more than a quarter-million dollars per year on lobbyists to influence the city budget .
Each fall , thousands of UFT members knock on doors and call voters on behalf of favored candidates .
The UFT backed Mayor de Blasio 's campaign and was an early beneficiary of de Blasio 's good will , earning a nine-year , $ 5.5 billion contract a mere four months into his term . The contract included a 4.5 percent raise that went into effect on May 1 — higher than the current rate of inflation .
A UFT spokeswoman said the school spending levels were necessary to recruit and keep qualified staff in challenging jobs .
“ New York City teachers are paid less than their colleagues in the suburbs , often have larger classes , and work with children with the highest needs , ” said the spokeswoman , Alison Gendar .
BOONE COUNTY , Mo . - Boone County deputies arrested Tracey Martin on Saturday after officers recognized a truck that had led officers on a chase just days before .
According to the probable cause statement , the truck was driving erratically and kept changing lanes .
Officers attempted to pull over the vehicle . The truck stopped and a man got out before the vehicle took off again .
A chase began and Martin was accused of driving 55 mph in a 25 mph zone . At some point during the pursuit , the truck drove off the road , struck an electric meter and crashed into a ditch .
Martin was charged with property damage and two counts of resisting arrest .
Ignoring President Trump 's bellicose warnings , North Korea said Monday it would conduct more missile tests – on a weekly basis , a new report said .
“ We 'll be conducting more missile tests on a weekly , monthly and yearly basis , ” Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-Ryol told the BBC in Pyongyang .
He declared that an “ all-out war ” would result if the US were “ reckless enough to use military means . ”
US Vice President Mike Pence said earlier that his country 's “ era of strategic patience ” with North Korea was over .
He arrived in Seoul on Sunday hours after North Korea carried out a failed missile launch .
Tensions have been heating up on the peninsula , with harsh rhetoric from both Team Trump and the North Korean .
ALEXANDRIA , Va. ( AP ) — The gunman who wounded a top Republican congressman and several others during an early morning baseball practice had apparently been living out a white cargo van for months and was frequently seen working on a computer at a nearby YMCA , where he kept mostly to himself .
James T. Hodgkinson shot House Rep. Steve Scalise on Wednesday before he was fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip on the Alexandria , Virginia , baseball field , officials said .
Authorities believe the 66-year-old had been living out of a van in northern Virginia since March after leaving his southern Illinois home . The man expressed grievances online about President Donald Trump and Republicans , but authorities said they 're still working to determine a motive .
Hodgkinson was spotted regularly over the past several weeks at the YMCA next to the site of the shooting , sitting with a computer in the lobby or at a table in an exercise area that looked out onto the baseball field .
Former Alexandria Mayor Bill Euille , who chatted with Hodgkinson at the gym , said he assumed the man was homeless because he wore pretty much the same outfit every day and carried a bag full of extra clothes . Hodgkinson rarely joined in the political discussions often set off by the television in the room and never showed any signs that he was troubled , Euille said .
“ I never saw him get mad when people were talking good , bad or ugly about any of the political parties , ” Euille told The Associated Press . “ He was just a very calm , rational person , I thought , ” he said .
Stephen Brennwald , another YMCA member , said he never saw Hodgkinson talk to anyone and figured the man was a “ loner. ” Brennwald thought it was odd he never saw Hodgkinson exercise or wear workout clothes and considered asking a staffer about him but never did , he said .
“ There 's just no way that I would have guessed that this guy would be shooting at law enforcement and a congressman , ” said Brennwald , an attorney .
Hodgkinson , who was armed with a handgun and a rifle , died from multiple gunshot wounds to his torso , the FBI said . Federal investigators are working to trace his weapons to find out where they were purchased and other details about their history .
Texas Rep. Roger Williams said one of his aides , Zack Barth , was shot but was doing well and expected to recover fully . Two Capitol Police officers sustained relatively minor injuries . A former congressional aide was hospitalized .
The FBI said authorities are speaking with people who knew Hodgkinson or who may have encountered him . FBI agent Tim Slater said the FBI needs the public 's help in piecing together Hodgkinson 's whereabouts and activities while he was in Alexandria .
“ We 're just not sure at this time ” how he spent his time , he said .
Kristina Scrimshaw , a bartender at the Pork Barrel BBQ restaurant a few blocks from the shooting scene , said Hodgkinson had become something of a regular in recent weeks . He always drank Budweiser from a can and drank alone , barely speaking to anyone , including the bartenders .
“ I did n't like him from the beginning , ” she said . “ Nothing I can really put my finger on , but he was just not a pleasant person . ”
The gunman 's brother told The New York Times that the man was upset about Trump 's election and recently went to Washington to protest , but Michael Hodgkinson said he did n't know why the man stayed in the area .
“ I know he was n't happy with the way things were going , the election results and stuff , ” the shooter 's brother told the newspaper .
Until recently , Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of his house in southern Illinois .
His Facebook page shows he was a fan of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , who last year made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination . Sanders acknowledged Wednesday that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on his 2016 campaign .
A search of online newspapers shows that Hodgkinson frequently wrote letters to his local newspaper , the Belleville News-Democrat , which published nearly two dozen of them between 2010 and 2012 . Many included complaints about the same theme : income inequality .
Hodgkinson also had arrests in his background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious matter . Court records show that his legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving .
In 2006 , he was arrested on a battery charge after allegedly punching a woman in the face , then striking her boyfriend in the head with the wooden stock of a 12-gauge shotgun before firing a round at the man , according to a sheriff 's department report .
While trying to drive away from that confrontation , the report said , Hodgkinson used a pocket knife to cut a seat belt . The charges were dismissed later that year , according to the court clerk .
Though no other legal problems are listed in St. Clair County , which includes Belleville , since 2011 , Hodgkinson did come to the attention of local law enforcement as recently as last spring .
On March 24 , Bill Schaumleffel recalled hearing shots being fired outside his house , which stands about 500 feet behind Hodgkinson 's home . When he went outside , he saw Hodgkinson shooting a rifle into a cornfield . He was squeezing off five or six rounds at a time , according to the report of the incident , and fired about 50 shots in all .
“ I yelled , ‘ Quit shooting toward the houses , ' ” Schaumleffel said .
When Hodgkinson refused to stop , Schaumleffel called the sheriff 's department .
St. Clair County Sheriff Rick Watson said Wednesday that Hodgkinson showed the deputy all required firearms licenses and documentation for the high-powered hunting rifle , which he said he was simply using for target practice .
The deputy cautioned Hodgkinson about shooting around homes , given that the rounds can travel up to a mile . No charges were filed .
In the EPA 's strategic plan , “ climate change resilience ” is gone , along with links on how to adapt to climate change . Administrators posted the site is being updated “ to reflect EPA 's priorities under the leadership of President Trump . ”
In the EPA 's strategic plan , “ climate change resilience ” is gone , along with links on how to adapt to climate change . Administrators posted the site is being updated “ to reflect EPA 's priorities under the leadership of President Trump . ”
House and Senate Democrats stand divided over whether to fight now or later about the fate of some 800,000 young immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children .
House and Senate Democrats stand divided over whether to fight now or later about the fate of some 800,000 young immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children .
The Pentagon is allowing transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1 , despite President Donald Trump 's opposition .
The Pentagon is allowing transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1 , despite President Donald Trump 's opposition .
By MARCY GORDON
AP Business Writer
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - The Republican tax plan will deliver a swift adrenaline shot to the economy that will send hundreds of billions pouring into federal tax coffers , the Trump administration asserts in a new analysis . But nonpartisan analysts make a less rosy projection of new revenue from the tax legislation now before Congress .
House and Senate negotiators are rushing to finalize the tax legislation and deliver the promised measure to President Donald Trump before Christmas . Trump will try on Wednesday to sell the American people on a GOP tax overhaul that is unpopular with many . His pitch : the plan will lift all economic boats , bringing a brighter future for taxpayers and their families , according to spokeswoman Lindsay Walters .
A Treasury Department analysis issued Monday estimated the tax legislation will generate a large part of $ 1.8 trillion in new revenue over 10 years .
Trump and Republican leaders in Congress have promoted the massive tax plan by promising that the tax cuts will boost the economy and create jobs . Their idea is that growth sparked by the legislation will let the tax cuts pay for themselves and not balloon the $ 20 trillion deficit .
Public polling shows many Americans are unhappy with the proposal . The separate bills recently passed by the House and Senate combine steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for most individuals .
Both measures would cut taxes by about $ 1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the deficit . They would bring the biggest overhaul of the U.S. tax system in 30 years , pushing into every corner of the U.S. economy and society . They would double the standard deduction used by most Americans to $ 12,000 for individuals and $ 24,000 for couples .
The administration 's estimate of new revenue from the tax plan is a lot higher than nonpartisan congressional analysts have projected . The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that growth stimulated by the anticipated tax cuts in the Senate bill will generate some $ 408 billion in additional tax revenue over 10 years . For the House bill , the House-Senate committee sees $ 483 billion in new revenue .
The Treasury analysis `` is nothing more than one page of fake math , '' said Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer .
The analysis includes an assumption that tax cuts and other administration policies would cause the economy to expand at a 2.9 percent annual pace over 10 years . Economic growth at that level would , in theory , be enough to keep the national debt from rising .
But most analyses have concluded that the tax plan would add at least $ 1 trillion to budget deficits in the next decade because the analyses foresee significantly less growth resulting from the tax cuts .
The Treasury Department analysis says about half the expected increase in economic growth likely will result from tax benefits for corporations . Trump and the Republicans have insisted that businesses will use the tax savings to invest and create new jobs .
According to the analysis , the other half of the increased growth will come from tax reductions for individuals and businesses whose profits are reported on owners ' personal income tax returns , as well as from planned administration initiatives such as infrastructure development and a welfare overhaul .
GOP leaders in Congress aim to iron out the significant differences between the House and Senate tax bills to pass a final blended package . Republicans are determined to produce the first revamp of the nation 's tax code in three decades and prove they can govern after their failure to dismantle Barack Obama 's health care law .
Rep. Kevin Brady , who heads the House Ways and Means Committee and is a key leader in the House-Senate compromise talks , said Monday that lawmakers were moving toward a vote on the final package next week . Still , key issues appeared to remain unresolved .
`` I 'm pleased with the progress we 're making , '' Brady , R-Texas , told reporters . `` We still have work to do . ''
The only issue for which Brady noted a firm commitment was repeal of the inheritance tax on multimillion-dollar estates , a benefit for ultra-wealthy Americans . `` In the House , we feel very strongly about fully repealing the estate tax , '' he said .
Republican leaders have struggled to placate GOP lawmakers from high-tax states like California , New York and New Jersey whose constituents would be hit hard by the elimination of the prized federal deduction for state and local taxes . Repeal of the deduction added up to $ 1.3 trillion in revenue over a decade that could be used for deep tax cuts .
Lawmakers finally settled on a compromise in both bills - full repeal of the state and local deductions for income and sales taxes , but homeowners would be able to deduct up to $ 10,000 in local property taxes .
___
Associated Press writers Jill Colvin and Josh Boak contributed to this report .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
A woman reported missing in Northern California was discovered safe and sound by a fan — who noticed she was a contestant on “ The Bachelor . ”
Rebekah Martinez was reported missing in November by her mother , who claimed her daughter disappeared since going to work on a marijuana farm , according to The San Francisco Chronicle .
Martinez had some fun with the situation on social media Friday , after her status as a reality show contestant was revealed .
“ MOM . how many times do I have to tell you I do n't get cell service on The Bachelor ? ? ” the 22-year-old tweeted .
The whole ordeal began on Thursday when Martinez was listed as part of “ The Humboldt 35 ” — a list of missing persons featured in California 's North Coast Journal .
An eagle-eyed reader then responded to the story on the North Coast Journal 's Facebook page .
“ My sister always calls me Sherlock Holmes , ” the woman , Amy Bonner O'Brien , told the Chronicle .
“ I was just scrolling through the 35 missing people and I recognized some of them from news stories . When I got to her , I was like wait a minute , she looks so familiar and I instantly thought of ‘ The Bachelor . ' ”
Other fans chimed in on the social-media network .
“ THIS IS STRANGE ! ” Lindsay Grath wrote . “ How does one show as missing , yet on the Bachelor LOL ! ”
The Humboldt County Sheriff 's Office was able to reach Martinez by phone and confirm that , indeed , she was not missing but looking for love on television instead .
The sheriff 's office explained the matter by saying Martinez 's mother had spoken to her daughter but her name stayed on the list because they had been unable to reach her directly until Friday .
LONDON — When Thiago Silva moved to Russia more than a decade ago , tuberculosis nearly derailed his career .
This year , the Brazil defender will be back in the country playing at the World Cup .
The 33-year-old Silva joined Dynamo Moscow in 2005 but soon felt chest pain that needed to be checked out . It was found to be tuberculosis , which put him in the hospital for five months . Russian doctors even considered removing part of his lungs .
“ That would have ended my career , I needed guardian angels to take me away , ” Silva said this week at the Brazilian team 's training camp in London . “ I was a bit overwhelmed in a friendly we played against Russia this year . It is different for me to play there . I hope I can erase that by lifting the World Cup trophy . ”
Silva , who now plays for Paris Saint-Germain alongside Brazil teammate Neymar , never played a match for Dynamo but ended up being the captain of his national team at the last World Cup . In Russia , though , Silva may struggle to find a starting position under coach Tite .
Another PSG player , Marquinhos , and Inter Milan defender Miranda have started most of Brazil 's matches in the last two years .
When Silva had his health issues in 2005 , it was Dynamo coach Ivo Wortmann who stopped the defender from having surgery on his lungs .
“ I knew Thiago from Brazil , took him to Porto B and approved his transfer to Russia , ” Wortmann , who is also Brazilian , told The Associated Press .
Silva 's mother , Angela , and his wife , Isabelle , also thought the surgery was unnecessary .
“ I told them no one would open my husband up and end his dream , ” Isabelle said . “ I am not a doctor , but no one believed he should go through surgery .
“ To see him wearing the Brazil shirt is a victory for us all , especially those that know him from those days . ”
Silva recovered and signed again to play for Wortmann , this time at Brazilian club Fluminense .
“ When Thiago arrived I said he would play , be one of the best , go to a World Cup and win it , ” Wortmann said . “ Tite makes the captaincy go around , so we never know who the captain will be . But if Brazil reaches the final and wins it , there is no one better than Thiago to lift it . His perseverance is an example to us all . ”
Silva is just happy to be part of the team .
“ If I get to wear the badge again it will be a great honour , ” Silva said . “ But if I do n't I will try to lead in the same way . ”
Terry Francona was very impressed with how Danny Salazar battled back and finished his outing in the Indians 3-1 win .
More FOX Sports Ohio Videos Jensen says Indians pitching staff needs to find ways to get out of innings Arroyo : ‘ It was a victory just get to get out there ' Price after Arroyo 's start : ‘ I anticipate he 'll be more crisp next time out ' Welsh : Arroyo working on shaking the rust off Seth Jones was pleased with Blue Jackets rookie Gabriel Carlsson enjoyed his NHL debut More FOX Sports Ohio Videos
var _ndnq = _ndnq || [ ] ; _ndnq.push ( [ 'embed ' ] ) ;
The Dakota Access oil pipeline protest reached the Vikings ' stadium Sunday .
Karl Zimmerman and Sen Holiday climbed to the roof of the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis and let loose a banner that read “ Divest # NoDAPL ” along with a U.S. Bank logo .
The two Vikings fans remained on top of the stadium for two hours before climbing down .
It was the first Vikings game attended by Zimmerman , who made the climb in a No . 4 Brett Favre Vikings jersey .
“ It was a childhood dream , ” Zimmerman joked from jail in an interview with USA Today .
Both protesters were arrested and jailed on burglary and gross trespassing charges , both misdemeanors according to USA Today . A third protester was arrested for misdemeanor obstruction charge and was still in police custody Monday .
“ I hope ( the protest ) will get more people talking about the pipeline , ” Zimmerman told USA Today . “ The construction needs to stop . We just ca n't keep building these pipelines that continue to leak , spoiling waterways and poisoning the ecology around disadvantaged populations . ”
The banner reportedly remained in place hours after the Vikings ' win over the Bears .
Welcome to the worst astrological day of 2017 Welcome to the worst day of the year . At least , that 's what 's written in the stars . According to London astrologer Neil Spencer , Saturn and the sun will both pass in ...
Millennials are ditching religion for astrology When Coco Layne , a Brooklyn-based producer , meets someone new these days , the first question that comes up in conversation is n't “ Where do you live ? ” or “ What do you do ? ” but ...
What your zodiac sign says about your sex life If you believe your astrological sign means more than just when you were born , then your zodiac could teach you about how to take your relationships to a new dimension ...
Tom Brady has the power to decide the Super Bowl and stock market It 's all on you , Tom Brady . When New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady steps on the turf at NRG Stadium in Houston , Texas , this Sunday , there will be more than ...
Why you need to both trust and be wary of Capricorns Capricorns are born between December 22 and January 19 , so this is their time to shine . According to their astrological sign , Capricorns are responsible and hard-working , but can also be manipulative .
'The Bachelorette ' is screwed no matter which man she picks Should JoJo Fletcher get engaged on Monday 's season finale of “ The Bachelorette , ” she 's looking at a starter marriage — at least that 's what the cosmos predict . As zodiac expert Ophi ...
The United States ' political fate is in the stars Here 's how one gal learned to love “ that bitch '' — Hillary Clinton . Hint : It was n't easy to detect warm blood coursing through Hill 's seemingly cold , dead veins . But for Debra ...
Here 's who should win 'The Bachelor , ' according to the zodiac Ben Higgins may want to wish upon a star , or at least consult them before choosing his future bride on “ The Bachelor. ” While you may have your own guesses as ...
Why smart people actually believe Mercury retrograde ruins lives If you spilled a whiskey all over your computer or signed a lease for a bedbug-filled apartment , relax ! It 's probably not your fault ; it 's probably Mercury retrograde . The astrological phenomenon , ...
CHICAGO ( AP ) — Marco Gonzales and four relievers combined on a five-hitter , Mitch Haniger singled home the only run and the Seattle Mariners edged the Chicago White Sox 1-0 Tuesday .
At 5-15 , the rebuilding White Sox are off to their worst start since the 1950 season . That year they opened 5-20 en route to a 60-94 finish .
Gonzales ( 2-2 ) was in control almost from the start , allowing five hits and one walk while striking out eight in six-plus innings . The left-hander snapped a run of three starts in which he lasted no more than 4 2/3 innings .
Seattle broke out on top against fill-in starter Chris Volstad ( 0-1 ) in the fourth when Kyle Seager doubled and scored on Haniger 's base hit , both with two outs .
After Yoan Moncada 's leadoff double chased Gonzales in the seventh , reliever Dan Altavilla retired the next two batters before Marc Rzepczynski got the final out of the inning .
Juan Nicasio pitched the eighth then Edwin Diaz worked the ninth for his ninth save in as many tries .
Volstad ( 0-1 ) was effective for 4 1/3 innings . The veteran allowed one run and four hits and did n't walk a batter as a replacement for Miguel Gonzalez , who is on the 10-day disabled list with an inflamed right rotator cuff .
The start was the first for Volstad after four relief appearances this year and third in the majors since the 2012 season .
White Sox manager Rick Renteria was ejected by plate umpire Mike Estabrook after he protested a called third strike to Matt Davidson that ended a two-on , two-out threat in the sixth .
TIME WILL TELL
The game had a rare 4:10 p.m. start time as part of a team marketing experiment . An estimated 2,000 fans witnessed the first pitch in sunny , 59-degree weather . The announced attendance was 10,761 .
IN DANNY 'S CORNER
Former Mariners teammates and their wives remained in contact with the family of White Sox RHP Danny Farquhar , who underwent surgery for a brain aneurysm last weekend . He spent the 2013-15 seasons with the team .
`` You just want to give his family enough space , but you also want to do all you can to be there for support , '' said C Mike Zunino , Farquhar 's ex-batterymate . `` When you first hear something like this happens , it 's really scary because you have do n't know what 's going to happen . It seems like each day we hear something positive , so that 's a really good feeling . ''
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Mariners : 1B Ryon Healy ( sprained right ankle ) neared his return from the disabled list with a two-run single and walk in four plate appearances for Double-A Arkansas Tuesday .
White Sox : LHP Carlos Rodon ( left shoulder surgery ) pitched three innings Monday against the Reds in an extended spring game in Arizona . He could rejoin the parent club in late May .
UP NEXT
Mariners : RHP Felix Fernandez ( 2-2 , 5.06 ERA ) will take a career 6-6 mark vs. the White Sox into the series finale Wednesday . He was a 4-3 winner in his only appearance against them last year .
White Sox : RHP James Shields ( 1-2 , 6.17 ) comes off his worst start of the season , a 10-0 blowout against the Houston Astros in which he allowed seven earned runs in 5 1/3 innings .
Battle brewing to save Bill Cunningham 's photo archive Some of Cunningham 's muses have hired investigators to look into the second of two wills filed by the legendary lensman .
Carnegie Hall tribute for Bill Cunningham Cunningham lived upstairs in a rent-controlled space at Carnegie Hall Towers for 60 years .
Famed fotog Bill Cunningham left behind two wills In an unusual move , Cunningham filed his first will , signed in 1993 , in New York Surrogate 's Court for “ safekeeping . ”
Bill Cunningham was famously frugal The Paris fashion industry is known for excessive glamour — but late New York photographer Bill Cunningham brought frugality to the scene .
Bill Cunningham 's friends push for permanent city memorial Friends of Bill Cunningham met with City Council members on Wednesday to discuss a permanent memorial to the beloved late lensman .
New York naming street corner for Bill Cunningham As it will only be a temporary renaming , the city hopes to find a more lasting way to honor Cunningham .
The Washington State Patrol released this photo of Arcan Cetin , 20 , of Oak Harbor , Washington after he was arrested Saturday , Sept. 24 , 2016 , in a shooting at a Burlington mall Friday that left five people dead .
Cetin 's death has n't yet officially been ruled a suicide , Kaholokula said , but authorities believe it was .
He had been charged with five counts of aggravated first-degree murder after he allegedly walked into a Macy 's in Burlington , north of Seattle , and opened fire with a rifle on the night of Sept. 23 .
One man and four women were killed , including one who was trying to hide behind a cosmetics counter ,
NBC affiliate KING reported .
Cetin was a Turkish immigrant and naturalized American citizen who lived roughly 30 miles west of the mall , in the small seaside community of Oak Harbor , according to KING .
Kaholokula said Cetin had admitted to the killings , but his motive remained unclear .
“ He did n't have any really ties to our community , ” she said . “ We ca n't ascertain why he would do this . He did n't know any of the people that he shot . ”
His stepfather , David Marshall , told reporters last year that Cetin had unspecified mental health issues that his family had been trying to address .
Before the shooting ,
KING reported , a local hospital tried to have Cetin involuntarily committed for treatment . In court documents obtained by the station , doctors said they believed Cetin might harm himself , though they did n't think he would hurt others .
Johnson & Johnson 's stock shed 1 % in premarket trade Tuesday , after the drug and consumer products giant reported first-quarter profit that beat expectations but sales that missed . Net earnings came to $ 4.42 billion , or $ 1.61 a share , compared with $ 4.46 billion , or $ 1.59 a share , in the same period a year ago . Excluding non-recurring items , adjusted earnings per share were $ 1.83 , above the FactSet consensus of $ 1.77 . Revenue rose to $ 17.77 billion from $ 17.48 billion , below the FactSet consensus of $ 18.02 billion , as a slight beat in medical device revenue was offset by misses in consumer and pharmaceutical sales . The company raised its 2017 adjusted EPS outlook to $ 7.00 to $ 7.15 from $ 6.93 to $ 7.08 , and its revenue guidance to $ 75.4 billion to $ 76.1 billion from $ 74.1 billion to $ 74.8 billion . The stock has rallied 9.1 % year to date through Monday , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average has gained 4.4 % .
Continue Reading Below
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch , Inc .
MOSCOW - A Russian strike from an undisclosed high-precision weapon killed more than 30 militants in an area of Syria 's Idlib where a Russian plane was previously downed , TASS news agency quoted Russia 's Defense Ministry as saying on Saturday .
The Russian Su-25 warplane was brought down in the Idlib province earlier on Saturday , and the pilot was killed during `` a fight '' after ejecting by parachute , the Defense Ministry has said .
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
CLEVELAND – Play along . Really , if you are a Mets fan what else do you have right now besides imagining a couple of those questionable dominoes falling right for the team next year ?
With so few sure things and the likelihood of a lowered payroll , the Mets will need a few question marks – perhaps more than a few – to turn into exclamation points .
For example , what if Matt Harvey could return to being even 80 percent of vintage Matt Harvey ? Yeah , not probable . The guy just ballooned from a 2.71 ERA in 2015 to 4.86 in 2016 to 6.70 in 2017 – the worst by an NL pitcher permitted to make 17 starts since Russ Ortiz 's 6.89 in 2005 .
So what is the case for a turnaround ? Obviously , Scott Boras has a vested interest as Harvey 's career-long agent . But even Boras ' harshest critics say he dedicates himself to finding ways for his clients to perform .
For Harvey , Boras says , that will include stints in the agent 's Southern California sports institute to have “ a substantial throwing program for him . The idea is to have a lot of reps to get his fastball command back and get his release point down ” after both vanished in his return from surgery for thoracic outlet syndrome .
For Harvey – and , thus , Boras – the stakes are large . Sandy Alderson has indicated Harvey will be tendered a 2018 contract despite the atrocious 2017 . But , to some degree , that is about having come this far in a marathon with Harvey , so why not go the distance ?
Harvey is scheduled to be a free agent after the 2018 season . That should provide further motivation to Harvey beyond even resurrecting his career and working on his tattered reputation . His chances to secure a $ 200 million-plus contract – a possibility not long ago – is gone . But he can position himself for an attractive deal .
“ Matt has been blessed with a lower half that is one of the strongest we have ever seen , ” Boras said . “ He is an amazingly strong athlete . So , from our standpoint the clay is there to build the sculpture . His velocity is more than enough at 95 ( mph ) and he has a ceiling above that .
“ This is about command and command does relate to conditioning and strength . What Matt went through with the TOS ( thoracic outlet syndrome ) , he did not have the type of conditioning last offseason you do when you have normal health . He will have that chance this offseason . ”
Boras said Harvey kept taking the ball late in the year despite mainly poor outcomes to better glean where he is and what he needs to work upon .
“ The TOS is different for every pitcher , some do have velocity issues , ” Boras said . “ But this was about executing pitches and Matt has a totally different offseason to work on it . ”
Boras also is aware that his client has poorly navigated bright lights and big city . The problematic incidents are too frequent and Harvey failed to show up for a game this season and was briefly suspended .
“ Matt is very committed to getting his abilities to a place they were before and he wants to get back there again , ” Boras said . “ Like a radio signal can be strong , but some times there is interference , it is our job to get him back to the right frequency . … The great thing about experience and time is you learn through mistakes the right course to take .
“ I think Matt 's direction is one where he is fighting for something he really wants . There is a level of understanding that experience has brought him that ability creates opportunity , but ability alone is not the complete guide to success . ”
Mets led the majors in …
There were 1,358 players used in the majors this season , breaking the record of 1,353 set last year , which broke the 1,348 of 2015 . You see the trend , right ?
Of the 1,358 , 62 signed their first pro contract with a major league team with the Mets – which was the most in MLB . The second most was the 59 of the Yankees , followed by 56 by the Red Sox and 55 by the Rangers .
The Mets number reflects a lingering class of players from the Omar Minaya reign such as Lucas Duda , Jeurys Familia , Daniel Murphy and Joe Smith and Sandy Alderson 's tenure , including 12 from his first draft class in 2012 , which featured Brandon Nimmo , Michael Fulmer and Seth Lugo .
The Yankees ' number was inflated by 14 players making their major league debuts this year , notably Jordan Montgomery , but also players such as Rookie Davis , Nik Turley and Tyler Webb .
The Muslim extremist who attacked rookie cops with a hatchet last week was “ a crusader seeking justice '' — and more assaults will likely follow , the head of his local New ...
Bust by IMPD yanks $ 750,000 in illegal drugs off Indy streets An evidence table at IMPD 's SW district showing a major bust after warrants were served at two locations , and four persons were arrested , Indianapolis , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . This bust , which IMPD had been working toward since the Spring , netted about $ 44,000 in cash , eight firearms , plus 20 kilograms of various drugs including methamphetamine and heroin totalling approximately $ 750,000 . 01 / 08 An evidence table at IMPD 's SW district showing a major bust after warrants were served at two locations , and four persons were arrested , Indianapolis , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . This bust , which IMPD had been working toward since the Spring , netted about $ 44,000 in cash , eight firearms , plus 20 kilograms of various drugs including methamphetamine and heroin totalling approximately $ 750,000 . 01 / 08
Lt. Scott Hessong talks with media at an evidence table at IMPD 's SW district showing a major bust after warrants were served at two locations , in which four persons were arrested , Indianapolis , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . This bust , which IMPD had been working toward since the Spring , netted about $ 44,000 in cash , eight firearms , plus 20 kilograms of various drugs including methamphetamine and heroin totalling approximately $ 750,000 .
Robert Scheer/IndyStar
INDIANAPOLIS –The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department announced Tuesday night that a months-long investigation has led to the seizure of nearly 50 pounds of drugs .
As the result of search warrants served at two locations Tuesday , officers confiscated $ 44,000 in cash , eight guns and 45 pounds of suspected heroin , methamphetamine and black tar heroin with an estimated street value of $ 750,000 .
`` These are once-in-a-career-type cases , '' said Deputy Chief Chad Knecht of the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department .
Southwest District Lt. Scott Hessong said officers with the southwest and southeast districts began their investigation in early March . That investigation led to two search warrants — one on each of the districts — served Tuesday .
Officers arrested four in connection with the investigation , believed to be involved in trafficking on the southwest and southeast districts , Hessong said . The department has not yet identified those people .
Jan. 8 : $ 22M of cocaine hidden in furniture seized by customs officers
Dec. 22 : Drug bust seizes $ 1 billion in meth in Australia
Surveying a table where officers displayed 11 bags of suspected drugs , guns and stacks of $ 20 bills , Knecht reflected on the items ' significance .
`` On that table you see exactly what drives the crime , '' Knecht said . `` The profit from the money , the firearms to protect it and the drugs that are tearing our communities apart and causing addiction . That table exemplifies what 's going on in our society . ''
A substance believed to be crystal meth , on an evidence table at IMPD 's SW district showing a major bust after warrants were served at two locations , in which four persons were arrested , Indianapolis , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . This bust , which IMPD had been working toward since the Spring , netted about $ 44,000 in cash , eight firearms , plus 20 kilograms of various drugs including methamphetamine and heroin totalling approximately $ 750,000 .
Robert Scheer/IndyStar
Hessong said it 's rare for a district-level bust to be this extensive . Knecht credited the uniformed beat officers who used their knowledge of the community to investigate tips and get results .
A return to beat policing has been one of the focuses for police Chief Bryan Roach . In April , he and Indianapolis Mayor Joe Hogsett announced the creation of 78 beats across the city which would replace 33 zones , saying the beats would allow officers to be active in more focused areas rather than covering a zone .
`` This is what beat policing does , '' Knecht said . `` It makes a difference in the neighborhoods and the communities , and the officers actually care about their beats and work it and find these things . ''
August 2017 : Deputy treated for accidental overdose after drug bust
May 2017 : Drug-laced 'SweeTARTs ' seized , parents warned
Hessong said Tuesday 's bust will hopefully reduce overdoses in the weeks to come , potentially saving lives .
`` There 's absolutely no way to tell what we did to prevent drug overdoses , '' Hessong said . `` To give you an idea , each use of heroin is like a few grains of sand , and we have 45 pounds that 's packed solid . So , there 's no way to tell how many individual drug uses you have just with this product here . ''
Follow Holly Hays on Twitter : @ hollyvhays
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
A judge has struck out large parts of The Daily Telegraph 's defence in the defamation case brought by film star Geoffrey Rush , saying it lacked crucial details and could not prove the allegation that Rush had `` inappropriately touched '' a co-worker during a Sydney Theatre Company ( STC ) production of King Lear .
The judge also dismissed a subpoena to the STC from the newspaper , labelling it a `` fishing expedition '' to try and find material to support their case .
Rush is suing the publishers of The Daily Telegraph and journalist Jonathon Moran over two articles published in late November 2017 alleging a complaint had been made about Rush 's `` inappropriate behaviour '' towards a female cast member during the 2015-16 production .
Rush claims the newspaper coverage suggested , among other things , that he is a `` pervert '' , that he acted as a `` sexual predator '' on the set of King Lear , and that he engaged in `` scandalously inappropriate behaviour of a sexual nature '' in the theatre .
In its defence , the newspaper argued that Rush had touched a female actress in a way that made her feel `` uncomfortable '' in a January 2016 production of the play , as Rush , playing King Lear , carried her across the stage while `` she simulated the lifeless body of Cordelia '' .
The defence alleged that the touching continued over the next four days after the woman told Rush to `` stop doing it '' .
In the Federal Court on Tuesday morning , Justice Michael Wigney said the defence of truth offered by the newspaper was `` inadequate and insufficient '' .
`` What part of Mr Rush relevantly touched the actress ? Was it one or both of his hands or some other part of his body ? And what part of the actress ' body was touched ? What was the nature and duration of the touch ? If Mr Rush was required to carry the actress , he would obviously have to have some contact with parts of the actress ' body , '' Wigney said .
`` What exactly distinguished the alleged touch from the contact that must otherwise have been made between Mr Rush and the actress during the scene ? How and why did the alleged touch make the actress feel uncomfortable ? Was the discomfort physical or emotional ? ''
Wigney also struck out part of the defence based on qualified privilege ( a legal argument in which The Daily Telegraph and Moran have to prove their publication of the articles was reasonable under the circumstances ) .
He axed three paragraphs from the qualified privilege defence , saying they were `` ambiguous and likely to cause prejudice or delay '' , but allowed the rest .
The Daily Telegraph 's defence was temporarily suppressed from the public as Rush 's lawyers argued it would allow media to spread further allegations against their client with impunity .
But at the last hearing , Wigney declined to make a confidentiality order on the defence , parts of which have now been struck out .
He noted on Tuesday that the principle of open justice overrode Rush 's embarrassment at further allegations being aired .
`` It is the price of open justice that allegations about individuals are made in open court , '' Wigney said .
The matter is back in court on March 27 for a case management hearing .
LANDOVER , Md . — When Landon Collins was drafted by the Giants in the second round , the rookie eyed a certain uniform number — 21 — in honor of his favorite ...
Video
A new sculpture depicting Jesus Christ sleeping rough has been installed in Manchester city centre .
Jesus the Homeless , by the Canadian artist Timothy Schmalz , depicts a figure lying on a bench . Its pierced feet indicate it is Jesus .
The sculpture is situated outside St Ann 's Church and has been blessed by the Bishop of Manchester .
It was barely a week ago when Salesforce Chief Executive Marc Benioff held court at the foot of the Salesforce Tower in San Francisco to mark the 1,070-foot-high skyscraper 's grand opening .
On Wednesday , Benioff 's company reached another new height , as Salesforce shares hit an all-time high during the day 's stock-trading session as investors threw their weight behind the cloud-based software giant following its better-than-expected quarterly report and outlook .
At one point during the day , Salesforce shares climbed to a record of $ 132.55 due to reaction to the company reporting a fiscal first-quarter profit of 74 cents a share , excluding one-time items , on revenue of $ 3.01 billion . During the same period a year ago , Salesforce earned 29 cents a share on $ 2.4 billion in sales . Salesforce also beat the estimates of Wall Street analysts , who had forecast the company to earn 46 cents a share on revenue of $ 2.94 billion .
Get tech news in your inbox weekday mornings . Sign up for the free Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter .
By the time the market closed , Salesforce shares had pulled back from their lofty intra-day high , but still ended the day with a gain of almost 2 percent , at $ 129.30 .
Related Articles Marc Benioff calls homelessness “ a solvable problem ” at Salesforce Tower 's grand opening
Salesforce tower starts glowing tonight
Who 's backing the $ 3 toll hike ? You might be surprised
Salesforce Tower : Check out San Francisco 's newest light show
Amazon follows Bay Area tech companies on NFL ‘ Rooney Rule ' for diversity Salesforce 's performance in the quarter was highlighted by the $ 2.81 billion it took in from subscription and support sales . That total rose by 27 percent from the first quarter of 2017 .
The company also said that for its second quarter it expects to earn 46 cents to 47 cents a share , on revenue between $ 3.22 billion and $ 3.23 billion , and for the entire year , Salesforce estimates it will earn $ 2.29 to $ 2.31 a share on revenue of $ 13.08 billion to $ 13.13 billion . Salesforce is looking at the completion of its recent $ 6.5 billion acquisition of Mulesoft to add to its earnings and sales and keep it on track for its goal of reaching at least $ 13 billion in revenue this year .
Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
- Advertisement -
British police are reportedly investigating three new sexual assault allegations against Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey , including one accusation that dates back more than two decades .
Kevin Spacey at Build Studio on May 24 , 2017 in New York City.Daniel Zuchnik / WireImage
The allegations against Spacey , the former artistic director of the Old Vic theater in London , were first reported by TMZ and later confirmed by police to Variety .
London 's Metropolitan Police had previously confirmed three other investigations against Spacey , bringing the total to six . He also faces a wave of sexual misconduct allegations in the United States .
British police , who do not publicly identify suspects in many crime cases , provided NBC News with details about the three new allegations that matched those in the TMZ report . They did not name Spacey .
Five months ago , on Feb. 8 , a man reported that he had been sexually assaulted in 2008 in Lambeth , the London borough that is home to the Old Vic .
That same month , on Feb. 14 , a man reported that he had been sexually assaulted in 2013 in Gloucester .
And two months later , on April 17 , a man reported that he had been sexually assaulted in 1996 in Westminster .
Officials with Scotland Yard 's Child Abuse and Sexual Offenses Command are investigating the accusations , police said in a statement .
The reports come amid news from a recent interview with actor Guy Pearce , who co-starred with Spacey in the 1997 noir thriller “ L.A . Confidential . ”
In an interview Tuesday with Australian talk show host Andrew Denton , Pearce called the actor a “ handsy guy . ”
“ Tough one to talk about at the moment , ” said Pearce , who is Australian . “ Amazing actor . Incredible actor . Slightly difficult time with Kevin , yeah . He 's a handsy guy . Thankfully , I was 29 , and not 14 . ”
“ Star Trek : Discovery ” actor Anthony Rapp accused Spacey of making a sexual advance at him in 1986 , when Rapp was 14 and Spacey was in his mid-20s .
Spacey , now 58 , issued an apology after Rapp 's allegations were reported by BuzzFeed .
He then virtually disappeared from Hollywood . He was fired from the Netflix series “ House of Cards ” and cut from the film “ All the Money in the World . ”
The Remnant Trust , Inc. Presents The Remnant Trust Annual Lecture on Liberty & Dignity entitled , “ An Anti-Axial Age : Late Antiquity 's Enduring Legacy of Repression ” by Dr. Stephen H. Balch
Date : Wednesday , April 19 , 2017
Time : 5:30 pm to 6:30 pm ( reception to follow 6:30 pm to 7:30 pm with refreshments and snacks )
Location : Texas Tech University Library , Room 309
Free Lecture and Open to the Public
Parking : R03V on the Southside of the Library
In his 1949 book “ The Origin and Goal of History ” , the German-Swiss savant Karl Jaspers developed the concept of “ The Axial Age ” , a period of unusual intellectual exuberance and creativity that fell between the eighth and third centuries BC . During this period seminal figures such as Socrates , the Hebrew prophets , Zoroaster , the Buddha , and Confucius provided new insights into the human condition that laid the foundations for enduring civilizations . Jaspers believed it a turning point in the liberation of the mind .
Dr. Balch 's lecture will contend that there was an aftermath that , to a significant extent , reversed the Axial Age 's emancipatory spin . Between the third century and seventh centuries AD , some of the ideas whose birth that earlier era had witnessed were reconfigured by three adjacent empires into a formula for repression , providing novel , transcendental justifications for regimenting thought and promoting boundless conquest . This formula , which now has assumed both religious and secular forms , continues to shape human belief in often dangerous ways . It provided the ideological backbone for the bloody history of the twentieth century and has become the stuff of the most shocking headlines of the twenty-first .
For more details , please contact us by phone at 806.742.0375 or by email at info @ theremnanttrust.com
Sponsored by : The Remnant Trust , Inc. and Texas Tech University
Ekiti 2018 : APC inaugurates screening , appeal committee
The Progressives Congress ( APC ) on Tuesday inaugurated Screening and Appeal Committees ahead of its May 5 primary election for the July 14 governorship poll in Ekiti .
The party 's National Organising Secretary , Sen. Osita Izunaso , who inaugurated the committees in Abuja , said screening was mandatory for all aspirants .
He charged the committee to continue in the APC 's tradition of adhering to due process and to ensure fairness during the exercise .
Izunaso said that the committees should rely on the party 's 2014 guidelines for the nomination of candidates for public office .
He also said that the committee should be guided by the party 's Constitution and the amended 1999 Constitution in carrying out the assignment .
He disclosed that 33 aspirants picked the party 's nomination form for the election , saying that it was the highest recorded by the party .
Responding on behalf of the committees , the Chairman of Screening Committee , Mr Timipreye Sylva , promised that the committees would be thorough and fair to all aspirants in carrying out the assignment .
“ We will do a thorough job and make sure that no misfit or anybody not qualified passes through this committee , ” he said .
Other members of the screening committee are Samaila Yusuf , Hajia Gamawa , Ayo Afolabi , Bilyamin Shinkafi , Alhaji Mohammed Mustapha and Mr Denton Ogbuehi , who will serve as secretary .
The Appeal Committee has Abuzarri Ribadu as Chairman , Tunde Esan as Secretary and Kayode Oseni , Osaro Buzugbe and Edem Selong are members .
NAN
The post Ekiti 2018 : APC inaugurates screening , appeal committee appeared first on The Nation Nigeria .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
UPDATE ( 10/6/17 8:42 a.m. ) :
The City of Pennsboro has lifted the Boil Water Advisory for Ellenboro .
ORIGINAL ( 9/28/17 12:19 p.m. ) :
? The Town of Ellenboro has issued a Boil Water Advisory on Thursday for part of Ritchie County .
The advisory has been issued for repairs to a main water line break . An isolated part of the water system has been shut down to repair the leak .
The advisory was issued for customers on Hill Street , Mesa Street , Oak Street , Cardinal Street and Cemetery Drive .
For additional information , call 304-659-2377 .
CHICAGO ( AP ) — An Illinois law that went into effect Jan. 1 aims to take advantage of the trusted relationship between hairstylists and their clients to prevent domestic violence .
Stylists , barbers , cosmetologists , estheticians , hair braiders and nail technicians in Illinois will receive an hour of mandated abuse-prevention training as part of the licensing process . The law does not require them to report any violence , and it shelters them from any liability .
Instead , the training provides beauty professionals with information about local help and resources they can share with clients . The Illinois measure appears to be the first of its kind in the country , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures .
Hairstylists are well situated to notice signs of abuse , said Vi Nelson , spokeswoman for the industry group Cosmetologists Chicago .
Abusers “ tend to try to find places where it could be an accident or it 's not as visible , ” Nelson said . “ They may hit them in the back of the head , and there 's a bruise or a bump . The hairdresser is touching you and can see things that can not be visible to the casual observer . ”
Clients and stylists often develop yearslong relationships , said Karen Gordon , who owns J. Gordon Designs salon in Chicago .
“ We get very close with our clients , even so far to say we love our clients , ” she said . “ You know people through life 's ups and downs . When people come into a safe environment like a beauty salon , they tend to open up . ”
State Sen. Bill Cunningham supported the measure , in part , because his wife is a former hairstylist whose customers frequently shared incidents of domestic violence .
She “ had a difficult time dealing with these issues when they came up . She was n't sure what to tell her clients , ” said Cunningham , a Democrat .
That 's why the new law was written to connect victims with services , not to have beauty professionals act as therapists , he said .
“ The main goal is to get victims of domestic violence professional help if they want it , ” he said . “ It could be as simple as providing their client with a phone number . In maybe more extreme cases it could be putting their client in touch with a shelter . ”
The domestic violence prevention nonprofit Chicago Says No More said the mandate was needed because past training efforts never caught on . The group 's founder , Kristie Paskvan , said beauty professionals are an ideal source to provide help because they can be more objective than family and friends .
“ They 're listening and then they can say ‘ Hey , if you 're interested , here 's some information , ' ” Paskvan said .
State Rep. Fran Hurley of Chicago , who supported the legislation , said she knows of one Chicago-area salon owner who puts business cards for a local anti-domestic violence group in her beauty shop 's bathroom .
“ You 'd be amazed at how many times she has to replace them , ” said Hurley , also a Democrat . “ She refills them all the time . ”
Cosmetologists Chicago helped write the measure so that it did not require beauty professionals to become involved or report violence unless they choose . Once that was clarified , Nelson said , the professional response was “ overwhelmingly positive . ”
The first training sessions will be offered in March at an industry trade show in Chicago .
Gordon has been in the beauty industry for 38 years and said she thinks she would have used the training if it were offered earlier in her career .
“ I wish I 'd had the tools , ” she said . “ I wish I 'd had the resources . ”
`` , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_mobile ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '2466 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` video.eurosport.se '' , '' position '' : `` top '' , '' page '' : `` video '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 561 '' , '' competition '' : `` 457 '' , '' agency '' : `` 16 '' , '' topic '' : `` 9 '' , '' sponso '' : `` on '' , '' content '' : `` 1095185 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_top_desktop_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_tablet_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_mobile_sponso_on '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` video.eurosport.se '' , '' position '' : `` top '' , '' page '' : `` video '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 561 '' , '' competition '' : `` 457 '' , '' agency '' : `` 16 '' , '' topic '' : `` 9 '' , '' sponso '' : `` on '' , '' content '' : `` 1095185 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_top_desktop_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_tablet_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_mobile_sponso_on '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- >
Core Laboratories ( NYSE : CLB ) ended 2016 on a high note , delivering expectation-beating earnings after its highly anticipated recovery finally started to take hold . However , the company did warn that the recovery would take a slight breather during the first quarter as seasonal and tax headwinds would hold back growth . Given those expectations , here are a few things investors should watch when Core Labs reports earnings later this week .
Continue Reading Below
Look to see if the results matched its guidance
Last quarter , Core Labs ' financial results finally hit bottom after a long slide and started to bounce back :
Metric Q4 2016 Q3 2016 Quarter-Over-Quarter Change Revenue $ 149.5 million $ 143.5 million 4.2 % Adjusted net income $ 18.3 million $ 16.7 million 9.4 % Adjusted EPS $ 0.41 $ 0.38 7.9 %
Data source : Core Labs .
Driving Core Labs ' improvement last quarter was a sharp activity rebound in onshore U.S. markets thanks to a pickup in shale drilling . That said , the company noted that international and offshore markets had yet to bounce back . It expects those market dynamics to remain in place during the first quarter with a continued rebound in North America offsetting weakness in international and offshore markets , causing revenue to flatten out at about $ 150 million . Meanwhile , higher taxes due to increasing earnings from North America would cause unadjusted earnings to come in at around $ 0.35 per share , which would be roughly flat with unadjusted earnings last quarter .
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Given those expectations , investors should see if anything caused actual results to miss the mark . In particular , look to see if sliding oil prices in the quarter caused drilling activity to come in below expectations .
Image source : Getty Images .
See what it says about the oil market
Core Labs has been one of the most outspoken bulls on the oil market recovery , expecting that the market will see a “ V-shaped ” recovery in 2017 . Fueling that view is its belief that the oil market has switched from having a glut to being under-supplied . It backs that opinion up with data from the International Energy Agency showing a decline in global oil inventory data for the last five months of 2016 , which — when combined with OPEC 's production cuts — should lead to “ extended worldwide inventory declines and a continuing rally in energy prices throughout 2017 . ”
That said , recent data in the U.S. has continued to show oil supplies piling up in storage , which weighed on oil prices last month . Given the recent slump in the oil market , investors should look to see if it has changed Core 's view in any way . In particular , look to see what it says about the rapid rise in shale output as drillers race to increase production . For example , leading shale producer EOG Resources ( NYSE : EOG ) expects to grow its crude oil volume 18 % this year while living within cash flow at $ 50 oil . Fueling EOG 's growth are its ultra-low costs and highly productive wells . Meanwhile , other drillers like PDC Energy ( NASDAQ : PDCE ) plan to outspend cash flow this year on new wells thanks to the robust returns it can earn at current oil prices . In PDC Energy 's case , it plans to outspend cash flow by $ 200 million on a capital budget of up to $ 775 million this year in a bid to boost oil output 50 % . Given this rapid shale growth , it 's possible that oil supplies could quickly refill , which might cause Core 's V-shaped recovery to fizzle out .
Keep an eye on guidance for 2017
Given those completing market dynamics , investors should look to see if Core still holds to the view that its third-quarter results marked the bottom and that the “ ‘ V-shaped ' recovery … will continue into 2017. ” In addition to reaffirming that belief , there are two other things investors should look for in its report that would back up that view .
First , look to see if the company 's guidance for the second quarter anticipates that revenue and earnings will rise sequentially . Second , look for visible signs that international and offshore markets are improving through either new capital project announcements from major clients or assurances from customers that those approvals are upcoming . For example , last quarter Core Labs noted that the industry should approve 20 major projects this year , up from nine last year . As such , check to see if that view still holds , or if sliding oil prices last month could delay these projects .
Investor takeaway
Core Labs ' financial results appeared to turn the corner last quarter . However , the recovery is in a fragile state at the moment , due to the rapid rise in shale output and continued weakness offshore and internationally . That 's why investors should keep a close any eye out for any cracks in the company 's view that a “ V-shaped ” recovery is taking hold .
10 stocks we like better than Core Laboratories
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip , it can pay to listen . After all , the newsletter they have run for over a decade , Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market . *
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Core Laboratories was n't one of them ! That 's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys .
Click here to learn about these picks !
* Stock Advisor returns as of April 3 , 2017
Matt DiLallo owns shares of Core Laboratories . The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Core Laboratories . The Motley Fool owns shares of EOG Resources . The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy .
A single hour of running adds seven hours to your life , a new study has found .
Scientists say running does more to extend lifespan than any other form of exercise – and could add up to three years .
And no matter how far or how fast you run , your risk of premature death could drop by 40 percent by taking up the activity .
That 's an even bigger reduction than you get from dieting and quitting smoking combined .
The findings , published in the journal Progress in Cardiovascular Diseases , came from studies of more than 55,000 men and women aged 18 to 100 over 15 years .
Lead author Duck-chul Lee , an assistant professor at Iowa State University , said : “ We found runners showed bigger significant reductions in mortality than people that are active in other types of exercise . ”
Lee said running combats many of the common risk factors for early death , including high blood pressure and extra body fat , especially around the middle .
It also raises aerobic fitness , one of the best-known indicators of someone 's long-term health .
Improvements in life expectancy generally plateaued at about four hours of running per week , Lee said . But they did not decline .
Amazon.com Inc. Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos said he expects his company -- the world 's largest online retailer -- to be scrutinized by government regulators , who are taking an increasingly critical look at the influence of U.S. technology giants .
“ The big tech companies have become large enough that they 're going to be inspected , ” Bezos said in Berlin , where he was accepting an award for innovation . “ It 's fine . ”
Bezos said the company , which has been the frequent target of criticism from U.S. President Donald Trump , would follow any new regulations and continue to `` delight customers . ''
EOIN DOYLE opened his Pompey goal account and told fans : That 's the atmosphere I 've heard about .
Doyle savoured his first strike in a Blues shirt as he helped his side secure back-to-back league wins , following last night 's win against Blackpool .
The Irishman 's stoppage-time finish ensured a 2-0 victory over the Tangerines , which lifted Paul Cook 's side to fifth in League Two .
Pompey fans heeded the pre-match call to back their team by setting an upbeat atmosphere from the outset .
And Cook 's men responded with a first half of free-flowing football which was appreciated by the home crowd .
The atmosphere became more fraught as the Blues could n't find the killer second goal until the death .
The Fratton faithful stayed with their team , however , and were celebrating when Doyle settled it deep into the five minutes of added time .
The 28-year-old explained the night was the kind he anticipated when he agreed to drop into the fourth tier to link up with his old manager .
Doyle said : ‘ The place was rocking , we played good football and set the tempo early on . It was a good game to be part of .
‘ It was a tough , old game off the back of Saturday , but it was enjoyable and good to be a part of .
‘ The games under the lights can be a bit more special and it felt a bit different . There was a bit of magic in the atmosphere and from the first minute the fans were rocking .
‘ They were with us for the whole 96 minutes and I really enjoyed being part of it .
‘ That was the atmosphere I was told of when I came here , it was really good to be part of that .
‘ I hope there are plenty more occasions like that during the run-in now , because last night the fans were behind us and we definitely need them with us .
‘ They were the 12th man for us and can really make the difference . '
The gap to the automatic promotion places remains four points , with Pompey still having a game in hand on third-placed Carlisle .
But it was a good night for Cook 's men , with sides around them in the chase to go up dropping points .
And it was an evening to savour for Doyle as he got off the mark for the Blues at the third time of asking .
The loanee from Preston was pleased he could create a memorable finish to the game .
He added : ‘ I came inside and I thought I was going to get in at goal but three defenders got around me .
‘ But I saw Carl ( Baker ) , slipped me in and it was nice to get there for a tap-in .
‘ It was great we got that second goal . It should have come sooner and it should have been from me , but I was pleased to get it .
‘ It got us over the line – and it always adds to the atmosphere when it 's right at the end like that .
‘ The place was rocking at the end and I enjoyed helping to create that with the goal . '
'Game of Thrones ' Season 7 has been pirated over 1 billion times The seventh season of “ Game of Thrones ” has been illegally downloaded or streamed more than 1 billion times . According to a report from anti-piracy firm MUSO , the seven episodes of ...
US government busts the biggest illegal download site in the world KickassTorrents ( KAT ) is the biggest pirate site in the world , hosting thousands of torrents covering the biggest movies and music in the world . The 30-year-old Ukrainian founder , Artem Vaulin , was ...
Record label wants injunction against New Yorker who posted thrash-metal album online A California record label wants to legally thrash the New Yorker who made a thrash-metal album available for free download online . Rotten Records says someone in the jurisdiction of Brooklyn ...
The children pile into the stadium in shiny clothes , clutching green-and-white Pakistani flags . Their parents light the area with cell phones to record the event as they scream , chant and cheer , watching soldiers close a gate that separates India from Pakistan .
In the evening ritual at the Wagah-Attari border , near Lahore and Amritsar , soldiers from both countries high-kick , shake their fists , then shake hands – and slam the gate shut .
It is deeply visceral for many Pakistanis : an acknowledgement of their border , of a plucky country they feel they have sacrificed so much to create .
Pakistan was imagined more than 70 years ago by a stern , British-educated , whiskey-drinking Shiite lawyer . Muhammad Ali Jinnah hoped for a nation as cosmopolitan as he was . He led the fight to carve the country out of British-ruled India . In a new , independent India , Muslims were fearful that they would be dominated by a Hindu majority .
But in the decades since , the sense of who is a citizen in the Muslim state has n't been resolved . The question has come at a high price : Although Pakistan 's constitution specifies the protection of minority rights , `` the government limited freedom of religion , '' according to the State Department . The country 's tiny minorities of Sikhs , Christians and Hindus are vulnerable to persecution . Certain laws , such as blasphemy laws , are often used to target them .
Within the Muslim community as well , the definition of who exactly is a Muslim has narrowed .
The seeds of Pakistan 's intolerance were sown within the country 's very ideology as a Muslim state , says Taimur Rehman , a political scientist at the Lahore University of Management Sciences .
That intolerance was `` inherent in the very way in which Pakistan was created and the very purpose which it was supposed to serve of being a Muslim state , '' he says . `` By its very definition , it has already singled out a community in opposition to another one , '' he says , referring to Muslims and Hindus . `` And it 's very easy for that community to be narrowed further . ''
Over the decades , he argues , the narrowing has been exacerbated by the military , Pakistan 's most powerful institution , which cultivated hard-line Islamists to wage a jihad in the disputed region of Kashmir , among other things .
This has given right-wing religious groups outsize influence . `` Despite never having won an election , '' Rehman says , `` they are nonetheless able to dictate the narrative in the country because of the support that they have from the military establishment . ''
Perhaps none have suffered more than members of a small Muslim sect , known as Ahmadis , whose beliefs clash with the dominant Sunni version of Islam . They played a key role in founding Pakistan . They are a community of over-achievers : An Ahmadi physicist , Abdus Salam , received one of only two Nobel prizes awarded to Pakistanis .
But the state declared Ahmadis as heretics via a constitutional amendment in the 1970s and restricted their rights further in the 1980s . They 're not allowed to call themselves Muslims , and ca n't refer to their houses of worship as mosques . Over the years , militants have attacked their mosques and targeted them in killings .
In a leafy suburb near Lahore , the Khans live in a two-story home behind a high gate that 's firmly bolted . Mrs. Khan stands on the balcony every morning , waiting for her husband to return from prayers at their local mosque . She 's terrified that somebody will kill him .
`` We are frightened , '' she says . `` For the life . '' ( Her first name is n't being published out of concern for the family 's safety . )
Most of her family already fled overseas .
So far , Mrs. Khan insists on staying . She runs a clinic that dispenses free medicine to her poorer neighbors . `` If I go , the people will suffer , '' she says .
She does n't want to `` just sit and eat '' in exile . `` This is not the meaning of life . ''
She 's also worried about her nephew . Twice , somebody threw a note into his house warning him to convert to Sunni Islam — or die . He hides out here when he 's afraid .
He repeatedly tried to flee Pakistan – but he says the U.K. , Sweden and Canada all rejected applications .
The roots of intolerance run deeper than just how Pakistan defines itself as a Muslim state , says Anam Zakariya , an oral historian in Islamabad .
She traces it back to Pakistan 's birth story – at the time of Partition , in 1947 , when millions of Hindus and Sikhs fled to India and Muslims to Pakistan . Mobs raped and butchered each other — around a million people died .
But Zakariya says those events are pushed aside . Pakistan focuses on celebrating its creation – and emphasizes how Muslims were victims .
`` Now if it 's your biggest victory to date , '' Zakariya says , `` you have to make sure that the bloodshed is portrayed to the younger generations as perpetrated by Indians — Hindus and Sikhs . ''
It 's to drive home the point : `` And that 's why there was a need to create Pakistan . ''
There are challenges emerging to that narrative . In a sprawling park in the heart of noisy , smoggy Lahore , a museum will soon open that will look at Partition through the stories of the people who witnessed it . It 's a collaboration between the Citizens Archive of Pakistan , a nonprofit , and the government of Punjab , Pakistan 's most populous province .
`` This is the first place in the entire country where you 'll experience what the refugees in 1947 experienced , '' says Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy , an Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker and head of the Citizens Archive .
Being exposed to stories from survivors of Partition will help create a more inclusive Pakistan , she believes , but it 's a race against time – the people who lived through Partition are fading away .
And 70 years on , the very idea of what Pakistan is meant to be – an Islamic state , in opposition to Hindu-dominated India – feels hard to shake .
Near the museum construction site , the Abdul Aziz family huddles under a shelter as a sudden summer rain drenches the park . Their patriarch , Yousef , is n't sure of his age , but says he used to work in fields alongside Hindus – and so he predates Partition . When the Hindus left Pakistan , he said , Muslims became free .
`` We are now in a country where we can say , 'There is no God but God and Muhammed is his messenger , ' '' he says , reciting the Muslim declaration of faith .
In Pakistan , he says , `` There is no idolatry '' – a reference to polytheist Hinduism .
His granddaughters Sania , 22 , and Aya , 19 , nod in agreement . He says he 's proud of Pakistan , which he describes as a `` fort of Islam '' where it 's safe for his grandchildren to grow up .
Sania says she 's not interested in a museum . She 's already heard her grandfather 's stories of Partition , and she 'll tell them one day to her own children .
Besides , she says , `` I know history — the Islamic history of Pakistan . ''
The law bans abortion after 15 weeks of pregnancy , and is likely to very quickly be challenged in court .
Mississippi Gov . Phil Bryant signed the most restrictive abortion ban in the US on Monday , drawing outrage and promises of lawsuits from abortion rights advocacy groups . The bill , called “ The Gestational Age Act , ” bans abortion after 15 weeks of pregnancy , just before the end of the second trimester . The law contains exceptions to the ban in cases of fetal abnormalities and medical emergencies , including a threat to the woman 's life or serious risk of physical impairment , but not in cases of rape or incest . When the bill was up for a vote , Bryant tweeted his support , saying , “ As I have repeatedly said , I want Mississippi to be the safest place in America for an unborn child . ”
As I have repeatedly said , I want Mississippi to be the safest place in America for an unborn child . House Bill 1510 will help us achieve that goal . https : //t.co/ffqRfhwx51
Before this bill , Mississippi already had a ban on abortion after 20 weeks , which 16 other states do as well . While other states have passed even more restrictive bans through their legislatures — like Ohio , which passed a six-week ban on abortion in 2016 — none have successfully become law . `` We are protecting more women , we are protecting more children , '' Mississippi House Judiciary Committee Chair Andy Gipson told CBS News . `` By 15 weeks , you have a child in the womb who has a heartbeat , who for all practical purposes has taken on the form of a person . '' Organizations like the Center for Reproductive Rights and the American Civil Liberties Union were quick to make clear they planned to challenge the law in court . There it could be blocked temporarily as the groups and the state litigate its constitutionality . “ It will end up at the center of a legal battle , wasting tens of thousands of taxpayer dollars in legal fees , ” the ACLU of Mississippi said in a statement Wednesday , after the bill passed the state Senate and was sent back to the House . “ Mississippi ca n't afford to use your precious dollars in that way. ” Senior vice president of the Center for Reproductive Rights Lourdes Rivera called the bill “ dangerous and unconstitutional ” and said that her organization “ is prepared to answer any attempt to undermine 40 years of Supreme Court precedent with the full force of the law . '' For many anti–abortion rights advocates and lawmakers , the hope in passing a bill that they know will be challenged in court is that it will eventually make its way to the Supreme Court , where it may have a chance of chipping away at nationwide abortion laws .
The “ Gestational Age Act ” is unusual not only in that it bans abortion so early in pregnancy , but also in the reasoning for that time period . Laws imposing 20-week bans usually reference the disputed idea that a fetus can start to feel pain after 20 weeks of gestation . But Mississippi 's new bill is less specific : It cites moral opposition to the method of abortion frequently used in the second trimester of pregnancy ( dilation and evacuation ) , and claims that abortions after 15 weeks have a greater chance of causing harm to the pregnant woman . “ [ The ] legislature finds that the intentional commitment of [ dilation and evacuation abortions ] for nontherapeutic or elective reasons is a barbaric practice , dangerous for the maternal patient , and demeaning to the medical profession , ” the bill reads . According to a report from the Centers for Disease Control released in November , only about 8 % of the abortions performed after 14 weeks between 2005 and 2014 occurred after 14 weeks . A 2009 Columbia University study of abortion procedures used by National Abortion Federation members found that the rate of medical complication for an abortion increases 38 % for each additional week of gestation beyond 8 weeks . Mississippi has long had some of the most strict abortion laws in the country . The state has a “ trigger law , ” which would immediately make abortion entirely illegal in the state should Roe v. Wade ( the constitutional decision that made abortion legal in the US ) be overturned . The state also requires women seeking abortions to undergo an ultrasound and wait 24 hours between that and having the procedure . Jackson Women 's Health Organization is the only abortion clinic left in the state . Even before this ban was in place , the clinic did n't provide abortions after 16 weeks of pregnancy , making the passage of this law largely symbolic .
Ema O'Connor is a politics reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in Washington , DC . Contact Ema O'Connor at ema.oconnor @ buzzfeed.com . Got a confidential tip ? Submit it here .
News moves fast . Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email ! Sign up Great ! You 're almost there ! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now !
North Korea 's Kim Jong-un says preparations for long-range missile at final stage
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un hinted Sunday that the test-launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile could be coming soon . In his annual New Year 's address , Kim said preparations have `` reached the final stage . ''
Emma Watson 's Time 's Up tattoo features a grammatical error The `` Beauty and the Beast '' star showed off her temporary ink at the Vanity Fair Oscars party on Sunday night .
Taraji P. Henson says remarks on Ryan Seacrest were 'misconstrued ' `` I did it to keep his chin up . It 's an awkward position to be in . He 's been cleared but anyone can say anything , '' Henson said of Seacrest .
Internet wants Tiffany Haddish and Maya Rudolph to host Oscars Tiffany Haddish and Maya Rudolph teamed up to present the Oscar for best documentary short and best live action short on Sunday night .
Frances McDormand honors female nominees with Best Actress win If I may be so honored as to have all the female nominees nominated in every category stand with me in this room tonight . Meryl , if you do , everyone else ...
Timothée Chalamet enjoys casual outing ahead of Oscars Chalamet spent the hours before the Oscars relaxing at the starry Sunset Tower Hotel .
Jennifer Lawrence manages to not fall at the Oscars Lawrence slipped on the stage steps in 2013 , before accepting the award for Best Actress . She later tripped on the red carpet in 2014 .
Follow @ insidefutbol
Frank de Boer has conceded that the Jose Mourinho he saw at Barcelona is a lot different to the one who manages Manchester United at the moment .
A legendary former Netherlands defender , De Boer was big name signing for Barcelona in 1999 and under Louis van Gaal he was one of many Dutch players who moved to the Camp Nou around that time .
Van Gaal decided to keep Mourinho , who joined Barcelona with Sir Bobby Robson , on his coaching staff and the current Manchester United manager has always credited the Dutch coach for some valuable early lessons in football management .
De Boer feels Mourinho the man is a lot different to the person he worked with at Barcelona and admits that he got on well with him as both could converse in English .
Speaking to German daily Bild , the former Crystal Palace boss said about Mourinho : “ He was very different from what he is today .
“ He learned a lot from Louis van Gaal , earned his trust .
“ I got on well with him because he also spoke English . ”
Mourinho left Barcelona once Van Gaal was sacked in 2000 and embarked on his managerial path by becoming the Benfica head coach in the same year .
KINGSTON , Jamaica – Jamaicans living overseas now have a new opportunity to invest in their country , while getting good returns , through JN Bank 's innovative JN Diaspora Certificate of Deposit ( CD ) .
Maureen Hayden-Cater , managing director , JN Bank , said a portion of the interest earned by the certificate of deposit will be used to fund small business growth in Jamaica . The JN Diaspora CD 's , available in the United Kingdom , United States of America , and Canadian currencies , go on the market on March 17 .
“ Many Jamaicans and those with Jamaican ancestry who live overseas , would appreciate having good investment options in their country of origin , ” the managing director said . “ They would also be facilitating national development , but need to ensure that their hard-earned funds are safe and earning solid returns . ”
Tenured from one to five years , the instruments start at 1,000 pounds sterling , $ 1,000 Canadian dollars or $ 2,000 United States dollars ( USD ) . Interest at the top end of the longest terms on these investments ranges from 1.5 % in pounds , 1.1 % in Canadian dollars , to 1.8 % in USDs .
“ The JN Diaspora CD allows you to earn a return on your investment and contribute to the growth and development of social enterprises within the small and medium-scale enterprise sector , ” Mrs. Hayden-Cater stated . “ This is done through the Social Boost Enterprise Initiative of the JN Foundation in collaboration with the United States Agency for International Development ( USAID ) . ”
Agents of the JN – Florida Representative Office can provide more advice about the JN Diaspora CD , and how investing with JN Bank will contribute to nation building , the managing director said .
Image copyright Getty Images
Google is offering a new service , which it says could help British homeowners save money by switching to solar power .
The tech giant has released an online tool called Project Sunroof , in partnership with energy supplier Eon , that estimates savings using data from Google 's Earth and Maps apps .
It first launched in the US in 2015 , where reviews suggested it was broadly accurate but gave some odd results .
Google is also working with German software firm Tetraeder on the project .
Project Sunroof uses machine learning to estimate how much solar potential a house has by examining the property 's features , such as its roof area and angle , and weather data , such as sun positioning .
Google claims that its models are detailed enough to assess the impact of a single tree on a home 's solar potential .
It is n't the first tool of its kind - Ikea offers a similar service in collaboration with Solarcentury , and Tesla launched its own Solar Roof Calculator last summer .
But these companies and others require homeowners to submit additional data about the shape of their roofs or their homes before getting a quote on savings .
'Half-tempted '
Jonathan Marshall , head of analysis at the non-profit organisation Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit , said that Project Sunroof `` lowers the barriers '' for homeowners by automatically inspecting roofing data using Google Earth imagery .
`` By analysing the roof shape , they will take out one of the steps that you would have to go through to get solar panels installed , '' Mr Marshall told the BBC .
`` The speed of the process means that if you 're half-tempted by the idea , you 're more likely to go ahead with it . ''
Project Sunroof first launched in the US in 2015 and then in Germany last year . It is now available in select UK regions , including Birmingham , Brighton , Liverpool , Newcastle , Reading and parts of London .
Nicole Lombardo , head of partnerships at Google , said : `` We are excited to help people in the UK make more informed choices about installing solar panels on their rooftops and transition to renewable energy sources . ''
The tool is another example of Google 's public commitment to green energy .
It announced in 2017 that its global operations were powered using only renewable energy sources .
POTOMAC , Md . – Tiger Woods finished the Quicken Loans National with a 66 and was on his way to discuss his performance with the media when he was asked to stop for a few pictures .
That 's not unusual .
Except on this occasion , the request came from the guy who had just signed his card .
'' He 's in my opinion the greatest golfer ever to play , so it was one of my best rounds I 've ever played , '' Bronson Burgoon gushed after his round of 67 .
Woods posed with Burgoon and his caddie , and then one of Burgoon 's friends stepped in for a picture .
Hold on . One more .
Burgoon 's wife came over , and Woods delivered another big smile as if they were old friends .
Woods has a lot of new friends this year .
He played the final round of the Honda Classic with Sam Burns , who was born a month before Woods made his professional debut . At the Wells Fargo Championship , he played the final round with Brandon Harkins , a 31-year-old rookie .
Woods spent Saturday on the TPC Potomac at Avenel Farm with Joel Dahmen , who also got a picture with Woods , in the scoring area away from the crowd .
'' He made his fourth birdie in a row and I could n't stop smiling , '' Dahmen said . '' That was the coolest thing ever on a golf course . ''
There are no feature groups on the weekend . Pairings are determined strictly by the score . Woods has ended up with a half-dozen players whom he had never met until being introduced on the first tee .
Actually , Dahmen said they had met before , at least in his eyes . It was at the Wells Fargo Championship , and they were in player dining when they reached the glass refrigerator at about the same time .
'' He said , 'Please , go ahead , ' when he was grabbing a Coke and I was grabbing a beer , '' Dahmen said . '' So that was the first time . ''
Woods has overcome four surgeries on his left knee and four surgeries on a back . At this rate , his next golf-related injury might be his neck from straining it as he tries to sneak a glance at golf bags to sees whose names are on it .
It 's a reminder how much turnover there has been in golf since Woods last played a full schedule five years ago . Sure , he played for the first time in 2013 with players like David Lynn , Kevin Chappell , Richard H. Lee and Robert Streb .
Different now is that Woods is bigger than ever , without winning , perhaps because his legend grew when it looked as though he might never be back . And at 42 , it 's only natural that he 'll be paired with players much younger , players who grew up watching him dominate the sport .
Being gone for what amounted to two full years kept Woods out of the loop except for being an assistant at the Ryder Cup and Presidents Cup . He knows guys in their early 20s , like Justin Thomas and Jordan Spieth and Daniel Berger .
Mackenzie Hughes ? Not so much .
The Canadian was paired with Woods on Saturday at The Players Championship . They had never met , but that was on Hughes .
'' I was sitting next to him in the locker room eating lunch , '' Hughes said . '' He was 5 feet from me , but I had no valid excuse to say , 'Hey , I 'm Mackenzie Hughes . ' So I sat there quietly and listened like a fly on the wall . ''
Inside the ropes ? That was special .
'' It 's 90 degrees , but I can assure you I had some shivers at times when you hear some of the roars and you realize , ' I 'm playing with Tiger Woods , '' ' he said .
Burgoon is in only his second full year on the PGA Tour , though he played with Spieth in the Houston Open and with Rickie Fowler two years ago in New Orleans . Nothing compared to Sunday at the TPC Potomac .
'' I 've never seen anything like it , '' Burgoon said . '' I 've played with Jordan and Rickie . They bring a crowd , but nothing ... I mean , that 's a sea of people . Unbelievable . ''
Nothing got to Woods like meeting Burns , a 21-year-old from LSU still trying to get his PGA Tour card . It was the first time Woods has played with someone who was half his age , and that was n't even the worst of it .
The most prominent player Woods knows from LSU was David Toms . Burns was teammates with Toms ' son .
'' That 's when it kind of hit that there 's been a big turnover and I 've been away from the game for a while , '' Woods said .
Burns said he could n't feel the club in his hand on the first tee , though he handled the nerves just fine . He shot 68 and beat Woods by two .
'' You see the guy on TV , you see him all over the place and you 're standing there next to him on the tee box and you 're like , 'That 's Tiger Woods , '' ' Burns said . '' We had a blast . He was super nice . I think we 're all happy to see him back playing golf . ''
REDWOOD CITY — A 20-year-old Menlo Park man has pleaded not guilty in connection with a drive-by shooting that injured his co-defendant in a felony assault case , according to prosecutors .
Related Articles Palo Alto police review of Taser use concerning , Auditor finds
Trial date set for suspect in Gypsy Hill killings
Suspect sought in robbery of San Mateo Starbucks
$ 10M bail for Peninsula man accused of killing , dismembering neighbor
Indecent exposure suspect arrested in Mountain View Edwin Barrientos-Soto is charged with attempted murder and negligent discharge of a firearm .
Prosecutors contend that Barrientos-Soto opened fire from a Chrysler at 1:40 p.m. on May 23 , 2016 , in the 400 block of Seventh Avenue in unincorporated Redwood City .
The victim , who was hit in the leg , contacted the San Mateo County Sheriff 's Office and identified Barrientos-Soto as the shooter .
The shooting was recorded by a surveillance system at a store . Barrientos-Soto reportedly called the owner and asked for the tape . The owner refused and instead gave the footage to deputies .
Two days later , deputies found Barrientos-Soto sitting in the back of a parked Chrysler that matched the one in the footage and arrested him , according to prosecutors .
Both the victim and Barrientos-Soto are co-defendants in a felony assault case dating back to Nov. 16 , 2015 . Prosecutors said the men attacked another person with a metal pipe .
Barrientos-Soto , who entered his plea Friday , remains in custody in lieu of $ 2 million bail , according to prosecutors ..
Maldivian opposition supporters scuffle with security forces officers during a protest demanding the release of political prisoners in Male , Maldives , Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 . The exiled former president of the Maldives said Friday that the government must abide by a Supreme Court ruling to free a group of political prisoners , hours after clashes erupted in the Indian Ocean archipelago 's capital in the wake of the surprise verdict . Mohamed Sharuhaan AP Photo
Reid Travis , who led Stanford in scoring and rebounding last season , has decided to withdraw from the upcoming NBA draft to be a graduate transfer at Kentucky , FRS Sports Network reported Wednesday .
He would be eligible to play next season for the Wildcats , according to Jon Rothstein of CBS Sports .
Reid Travis was in position to be the Pac-12 Player of the Year next season . His loss is n't just huge for Stanford ; it 's huge for the Pac-12 as a conference . — Jon Rothstein ( @ JonRothstein ) May 30 , 2018
Travis , 6-8 and 240 pounds , prepped at De La Salle High School in Concord . He averaged 19.5 points and 8.7 rebounds for the Cardinal last season . He was a two-time All-Pac-12 selection at Stanford and is 16th on the school 's career scoring list with 1,427 points .
Travis ' departure is n't a complete shocker . From a May 3 post on a Louisville fan site :
“ If you are the fan that reads into rumors and message boards then you possibly know that there 's been a lot of talk of Travis graduating after three years and electing to play his senior season somewhere else . ”
The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- A Conservative MP stung by the sudden death of colleague Gord Brown is handing out pill case keychains on Parliament Hill , urging everyone he sees to carry a couple of potentially life-saving aspirin .
Rob Nicholson says that after Brown 's fatal collapse earlier this month in his Parliament Hill office , he felt the need to do something -- so Nicholson went online and ordered hundreds of the keychains to hand out on the Hill and in his Niagara Falls riding .
Nicholson wants to encourage others to follow suit , arguing that people are more likely to carry the keychains than a bottle of pills from their medicine cabinet .
Nicholson announced the initiative today alongside Brown 's widow , Claudine Courtois .
He says the idea is to have aspirin on hand at all times , to be chewed when the symptoms strike -- a measure that 's known to buy heart attack victims precious minutes before help arrives .
Nicholson says he was at a conference a few years back when he heard about others carrying aspirin keychains , and was inspired to carry one himself .
He also says it would be an `` excellent idea '' for the House of Commons to install defibrillators , something he 's heard from others over the years .
Following his news conference , Nicholson handed a keychain to Liberal MP Celina Caesar-Chavannes .
`` Love it , '' she said , adding , `` You always know where your keys are . ''
He sells pens for a living – but can Jack write his way into the Love Island history books ?
Apparently when 26-year-old Love Island contestant Jack walks into a room , he always makes a statement . “ Not necessarily on purpose , I 'm just so clumsy so I 'll walk in and knock something over . Everyone knows ‘ Jack is here ! ' ”
Advertisement
So clumsy is sales manager Jack that he once had a date disaaaaster thanks to his wayward limbs . “ I took a girl out to a lovely pub next to the Thames and I was trying to be cool , ordered some drinks for us and then as I put my hand up to pay for them , I knocked the drinks back on to the barman and they poured down him and smashed on the floor . He was fuming . I am a walking disaster . ”
Clumsiness aside , Jack reckons he can be “ quite selfish ” – “ if I do n't want to do something , I wo n't do it. ” But he 's hoping the Love Island girls will fall for his really nice teeth – “ everyone compliments me on them ” – and sense of humour : “ I 'm really funny , I think I 'm funny ” .
Jack has three long-term exes and split with the latest one last summer . But it 's all amicable . “ I do n't think she 'd have anything bad to say . She emailed me last week to wish me a happy birthday . I think she 'll be shocked to see me on Love Island . ”
He says he cheated when he was younger ( and “ sillier ” ) but is now looking for love on the Island . And a bromance or two . “ I think friendship will be really important , that gets you through things . Girls so far in my life have come and gone whereas my mates have been there the whole time so to have a bond with the boys is just as important as finding love in there . ”
Indeed , Jack 's Instagram has a “ bro ” ( and a drink ) in pretty much every picture…
Bro 💙 A post shared by Jack Fincham ( @ jack_charlesf ) on Mar 9 , 2018 at 7:07am PST
What is Jack looking for in a girl ?
“ I have n't got a particular type but overall I want to find someone that I can have a real laugh with and who I actually want to spend time with , ” says Jack . “ I want to be relaxed with someone and have a laugh , I want to find a bond with someone . ”
His ideal date is going out for a drink and getting to know each other – “ having a laugh , having a dance ” – but girls being fake , talking behind people 's backs or farting is a real turn-off . “ I do n't want a girl farting or burping in front of me ” .
Yeah , good luck with that , Jack .
Who is Jack Fincham ? Key facts :
Coupled up with : Dani Dyer
Age : 26
Job : Stationary sales manager
Twitter : @ jack_charlesf
Instagram : @ jack_charlesf
Location : Kent
Advertisement
Love Island airs daily at 9pm on ITV2
Ted Raymond , Newstalk 580 CFRA
RCMP confirms a man and a woman in their 20s have died after a single-vehicle crash in Gatineau Park overnight .
Police were called to the Champlain Parkway near the Champlain Lookout late Tuesday night .
The cause of the crash is under investigation , but Mounties suggest speed might have played a role .
They 're asking drivers in the area to respect the speed limit .
The identities of the victims have not yet been released .
Get the Mach newsletter .
Just after 12:30 a.m. on Jan. 23 , a magnitude 7.9 earthquake hit the Gulf of Alaska about 350 miles southwest of Anchorage . Quakes of similar magnitude have triggered huge waves that killed thousands , and the National Tsunami Warning Center sent out an urgent alert ; within minutes people along the coasts of Alaska and western Canada began heading for higher ground .
But it was a false alarm . And while that was good news for people in the region , it points to a major weakness of existing tsunami warning systems , which base their predictions on seismic waves that pass through Earth 's crust after a quake as well as a global network of ocean buoys that monitor pressure on the ocean floor . All too often , the seismic data generate unreliable warnings — as happened after the Alaska quake — while the ocean buoy data deliver more accurate alarms but too late to save some lives .
Emerging technologies are promising to do a better job . Several research groups have taken early steps toward the development of warning systems that would use alternatives to seismic waves to more quickly and more reliably predict when a tsunami is on the way — and how bad it 's likely to be .
A matter of seconds
In the open ocean , tsunamis race along at speeds of up to 500 miles per hour . So while distant coasts might have hours of advance warning , coastal areas near the epicenter of a tsunami-triggering quake can be inundated within minutes .
“ The whole game here is timing , ” says Usama Kadri , a Cardiff University mathematician and engineer who specializes in fluid dynamics . “ If it 's not done in seconds , it will not be effective . ”
Kadri has done preliminary work on a system that predicts tsunamis on the basis of acoustic gravity waves — low-frequency pulses generated by the up-and-down movement of seawater in response to coastal landslides , underwater earthquakes and other events that displace large volumes of water . Though slower than seismic waves , acoustic gravity waves move through the water about 10 times faster than a tsunami , suggesting they have the potential to function as an early alarm .
We ca n't hear them , but acoustic gravity waves can be detected by sensitive underwater microphones known as hydrophones . Scores of these devices are already deployed around the world , and their surveillance capabilities could be expanded to listen for signs of tsunamis .
The Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization , for example , maintains a global network of 11 stations that use hydrophones to listen for waves that might reveal an underground nuclear test . Hydrophones are also used by scientists to listen for whale calls , volcanic eruptions and other underwater phenomena .
In a recent study in the Journal of Fluid Mechanics , Kadri and a fellow engineer showed that mathematical equations incorporating precise measurements of sound waves generated by an underwater earthquake and detected by a hydrophone can be used to calculate the key traits of the underwater quake that generated the waves . And Kadri says follow-up work suggests that the method can reveal — in less than a minute — the quake 's location , duration , magnitude and speed .
From those rapid calculations , he says , a tsunami 's destructive potential would be easy to deduce and could help speed up urgent alerts while avoiding false alarms .
Real world reliability
Randall LeVeque , a tsunami modeling expert at the University of Washington in Seattle , and Diego Arcas , director of the NOAA Center for Tsunami Research in Seattle , agree that earthquake-generated sound waves can indeed be detected by distant hydrophones . But they say the model used in Kadri 's study , at least in its current form , may not reliably reflect tsunami-triggering events in the real world .
Arcas says Kadri 's “ rigorous and detailed ” study could , however , lead to a new method that double-checks warnings based on seismic , buoy or other data , provided that its mathematical solution still works when tested on more realistic earthquake and ocean scenarios .
Kadri acknowledges that his approach is based on certain assumptions that might not represent the real world with total accuracy . Even so , he says he 's pleased with how well the approach has performed in preliminary tests using real earthquake data and agrees that it could be combined with other methods to fine-tune future warnings .
Other promising systems
Arcas says other warning methods are showing early promise as well .
Some research groups , for example , are using more sensitive versions of the same GPS systems that are ubiquitous in car navigation systems and smartphones to accurately measure real-time motion of the seafloor .
The systems are so sensitive that they can measure the movement of entire continents drifting less than an inch per year . In the same way , GPS monitors used to record an earthquake “ will tell you exactly how the ground is moving and deforming under these seismic waves , ” Arcas says .
Although GPS stations are limited by their availability in the world 's oceans ( most , like those operated by the U.S. Geological Survey , are on land ) , several research groups believe that combining the existing GPS data with seismic signals could accurately and quickly pinpoint an offshore earthquake 's location and describe the shifting movements on the seafloor . Separate groups are building similar early warning systems based on ground motion data captured by satellites .
Technology can only go so far , though , and despite a few false alarms , strong shaking in a coastal community may still be the most effective tsunami alert . “ If you 're on the coast , of course , the best warning is the earthquake itself , ” LeVeque says .
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER , FACEBOOK , AND INSTAGRAM .
Kyle Schwarber had never successfully bunted in his MLB career , and after Monday 's game against the Brewers , he should never bunt again because he has achieved perfection .
In the first inning against the Brewers , Schwarber pushed a bunt to third base against the Brewers ' shift . The ball trickled down the third-base line as the Brewers players let it roll , expecting it to go foul .
Your browser does not support iframes .
The ball , however , did not continue into foul territory .
It stayed perfectly on the line until eventually hitting the bag for a bunt single . Bunts are usually boring , but if you 're going to bunt , you might as well bunt perfectly . Kyle Schwarber did just that .
Bunts seriously do n't get any better than that .
Leader or defendant ?
With regard to “ Shooting somebody on Fifth Avenue ” ( Editor 's Notes , March 16 ) , having followed the latest news on the cases involving Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , I have concluded that the police cases are cobwebs – if they ever come to court , they will fall apart . I also believe that the police know this but do n't care – their primary objective is to try the cases in the court of public opinion .
CORRECTION
DAYTON , Ohio ( WDTN ) – A Dayton man was sentenced to life in prison for a January shooting death .
Montgomery County Prosecuting Attorney Mat Heck , Jr. said Monday that Mark A. Shoecraft , Jr. , 39 , of Dayton , was sentenced to 40 years‐to‐life in prison for the shooting death of Eric Raglin on January 31 , 2017 .
On January 31 , Dayton police officers were called about gunshots being heard in the 200 block of Basswood Avenue in the City of Dayton . When officers arrived , they found the victim , 30‐year‐old Eric N. Raglin , dead inside a vehicle .
READ MORE : Victim identified in deadly Riverside Drive shooting
Through interviews with witnesses , Shoecraft was identified as the person who fired into the vehicle , killing Raglin . He was taken into custody on February 1 , 2017 with the assistance of the SWAT Team .
A bench trial was held on October 24 , and on November 9 , 2017 the court found Shoecraft guilty as charged on counts of Murder , Felonious Assault , Discharge of a Firearm On or Near Prohibited Premises , Aggravated Trafficking in Drugs , Carrying Concealed Weapons , and Having Weapons While Under Disability .
Shoecraft was sentenced to life in prison and will serve at least 40 years before he can be considered for parole .
The 2018 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame nominees have been announced .
The contenders list includes :
Bon Jovi
Kate Bush
The Cars
Depeche Mode
Dire Straits
EURYTHMICS
J. Geils Band
Judas Priest
LL Cool J
The MC5
The Meters
Moody Blues
Radiohead
Rage Against the Machine
Rufus featuring Chaka Khan
Nina Simone
Sister Rosetta Tharpe
Link Wray
The Zombies
To be eligible for nomination , an individual artist or band must have released its first single or album at least 25 years prior to the year of nomination .
The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame will again offer fans the opportunity to officially participate in the induction selection process .
Fans will be able to cast their vote for the 2018 Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Inductees at rockhall.com . Voting begins on Oct. 5 and ends at 11:59 p.m. EST on Dec. 5 , 2017 .
Click here to vote online .
READ MORE : Cleveland19.com
Article Courtesy of WOIO Cleveland 19 News
Picture Courtesy of Joe Robbins and Getty Images
Video Courtesy of YouTube and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum
A funeral service for sports broadcasting icon “ The Amazin '' Bill Mazer , was held Sunday at Temple Israel Center in White Plains , with Mazer 's daughter , Francine , remembering how her father would ...
A double-digit lead over his rivals . Widespread disillusionment with the status quo . Is Andrés Manuel López Obrador 's win inevitable , or will any of these scenarios derail him ?
MEXICO CITY — The question on everyone 's mind is n't whether he will win — it 's if there 's anything that can stop him . With a 26 % lead over his nearest rival , according to a new poll released Wednesday , Andrés Manuel López Obrador , a three-time presidential candidate , is already celebrating an early victory , a full month before people actually go to the ballots . “ They think they are going to recover , to make up the difference , ” López Obrador said with a subtle smirk during the second official presidential debate earlier this month . “ They 're not going to do it. ” BuzzFeed News spoke with nine political and polling experts about what could stop López Obrador from making it to Los Pinos , Mexico 's equivalent of the White House . The consensus : very little . “ If things continue with normality , I think this election is as much a foregone conclusion as can be , ” said Carlos Bravo Regidor , a political analyst and director of journalism at CIDE , a Mexico City university . It 's not that López Obrador , a populist who elicits religious fervor among his leftist base , has been immune to controversy . He 's been called “ authoritarian ” after railing on Twitter against a critical journalist . He proposed granting amnesty to drug kingpins as homicides in Mexico hit an all-time high . And he 's brought several questionable people onto his team , including a former mining union boss who was accused of stealing $ 55 million from the workers . There is strong opposition to López Obrador , especially among the business community , which is spooked by his promise to do away with the “ mafia of power , ” an umbrella term he coined for the country 's elite . There is a growing movement in favor of the voto ùtil , or useful vote — a vote for whoever is in second place . But many Mexicans are so fed up with widespread corruption and the status quo that they seem willing to forgive more than usual — as long as it takes the country down a different path . “ You have someone who can allow himself a certain number of mistakes , ” said Gabriel Guerra , a political consultant who has worked with all of Mexico 's major parties , “ and then you have someone who has to do it perfect , ” he added , referring to the other candidates . So what could doom the so-called Teflon candidate ?
Most polls have consistently shown López Obrador , often referred to by people as AMLO , with a comfortable and growing lead . One of the most trusted , conducted by Reforma newspaper , puts López Obrador at 52 % , beating his nearest rival , conservative Ricardo Anaya , by 26 points .
Even the more conservative estimates , like GEA-ISA 's April poll , give López Obrador , former mayor of Mexico City , a 5 % or so lead . But some experts warn that the majority of polls are not taking into account people who have n't made up their minds , or those who refused to participate in the survey . Reforma 's poll , for example , excludes responses from those who chose not to answer the question of who they would vote for — 17 % of people contacted . GEA-ISA 's “ other or undefined ” group hovers at 21 % . “ Who can derail López Obrador ? ” asked Isabela Corduneanu , founder of RoundVox , a public opinion consulting firm . “ Undecided voters. ” She pointed out that the size of the no response/undecided group is roughly the same as the percentage that separates the top two contenders . Pollsters say that argument is flawed , especially given López Obrador 's overwhelming margin among those who have made up their minds . “ You are assuming that an entire percentage of people that has n't decided who to vote for is going to decide in unison , that day , to vote for one specific candidate , ” said Lorena Becerra , responsible for Reforma 's poll . “ Even if we incorporate errors that have become very visible , none of them are enough to shift the winner , ” added Francisco Abundis , founder of Parametría , another trusted pollster .
Advertisement
Shortly after López Obrador lost his second presidential bid back in 2012 , he quit the left-leaning Party of the Democratic Revolution and founded the National Regeneration Movement , or Morena . It only officially registered as a party less than four years ago .
According to GEA-ISA 's poll , 73 % of those surveyed have heard of Morena . But more than a brand , what guarantees votes in Mexico is the on-the-ground network of volunteers and supporters across the country who ensure that people actually get to the polls ( sometimes in exchange for televisions , food baskets , or other gifts ) . Some analysts say that Morena is too new to have developed that network . “ I 'm not seeing an organizational structure that supports the election , ” said Valeriano Ramírez , political expert at Mexico 's National Autonomous University . Part of that structure includes people who are present at polling stations , making sure there is no foul play — or that there is , in their favor — Ramírez added . The ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI , managed to stay in power for 71 uninterrupted years , until 2000 , in large part thanks to this structure . The PRI 's candidate , José Antonio Meade , is in third place , but some analysts say that the machinery behind him could give him a significant advantage on Election Day . “ The only one who can pose a realistic challenge is Meade , ” said Guerra . “ Meade has the PRI structure , which is surprisingly strong and effective . ”
In late 2013 , López Obrador walked into a clinic in the middle of the night , his chest aching , his body covered in sweat . He was having a heart attack and had to undergo surgery .
Since then , rumors have swirled about the 64-year-old 's health , but they recently reached a fever pitch , matching the hand-wringing that accompanied Hillary Clinton 's 2016 presidential bid . Has he had fainting spells ? Does he get dizzy amid the crowds while he 's campaigning ? “ He wobbles after his events , sometimes in the middle of them , ” said Fernando Morales , a campaign consultant for former presidential candidate Margarita Zavala . “ He stutters , he takes even longer to gather his thoughts than usual. ” Journalist Raymundo Riva Palacio went further in a column for El Financiero newspaper earlier this month . Riva Palacio wrote that López Obrador has hired a world-renowned Cuban doctor who works in Miami to travel to Mexico — sometimes as frequently as every two weeks — so he can check on him . His campaign did not respond to a request for comment on the claim . “ His health is not optimal , ” wrote Riva Palacios , saying that López Obrador “ was practically dead in the operating room ” during his 2013 heart attack . López Obrador used his time during the second presidential debate to counter the rumors using a baseball metaphor : “ I 'm 100 % . I still like to bat . I 'm batting above .300 . ”
Mexicans may have forgiven , but they have n't forgotten .
During the 2006 presidential campaign , López Obrador told then-president Vicente Fox , who had criticized some of his proposals , to shut up , referring to him as a “ chachalaca , ” a bird that talks incessantly . That year , he decided to skip one of the presidential debates , a move that analysts say contributed significantly to his loss . In 2012 , Mexican news media reported that López Obrador said he had “ less stamina ” than he had during his first presidential run . During this campaign , people have been watching López Obrador not so much to see what he does but to try and catch him shooting himself in the foot . “ The greatest risk to AMLO is AMLO himself , ” said Eric Olson , senior adviser of the Mexico Institute at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars . But the combative , impulsive López Obrador has made way for a lighthearted , even comical one . After the Washington Post accused him of having ties to Russia , he posted a Twitter video calling himself Andrés Manuelovich and saying he was waiting for a gold-filled submarine for Moscow to arrive at the port of Veracruz , where he was waiting . Tired of feeling swindled by politicians after nearly six years of what feels like record corruption , many Mexicans appear eager to see a man widely believed to have been cheated of an electoral victory 12 years ago , finally win . That has meant forgiving small gaffes . “ The more they hit him , the more people join his movement , ” said Corduneanu .
Karla Zabludovsky is the Mexico bureau chief and Latin America correspondent for BuzzFeed News and is based in Mexico City . Contact Karla Zabludovsky at karla.zabludovsky @ buzzfeed.com . Got a confidential tip ? Submit it here .
News moves fast . Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email ! Sign up Great ! You 're almost there ! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now !
Gloom and doom have gripped the coffee market for months . But as executives and traders gathered for one of the biggest industry events of the year , a cautious optimism was in the air .
Prices have gotten so low that pretty soon they 're going to force some producers to cut back on crop investments , eventually helping to trim output , Kona Haque , the head of research at London-based trader ED & F Man Holdings Ltd. , said in an interview during the National Coffee Association annual conference . Growers with higher costs , like those in Central America , will probably be the first to respond , she said .
Haque 's view was echoed over and over again at the conference that was held in New Orleans March 15-18 . The meeting drew about 700 participants including representatives from coffee roasters , trade houses , importers , producers and brokers . Most attendees agreed that an 18 percent drop for arabica futures over the past year means that the market 's bearish factors have already been priced in as they expressed hope that a bottom was in sight .
Other highlights from the conference :
Brazil 's Crop
Brazil 's massive production has been one of the drivers for the coffee rout . The good news for bulls : the harvest may not be quite as huge as expected . A survey during the conference showed that traders and analysts expect a crop of 57.8 million bags , according to the average outlook of nine respondents . In January , the nation 's forecasting agency said output could climb as much as 30 percent to a record 58.5 million bags . A bag weighs 60 kilograms , or 132 pounds .
Rival Producers
As Brazil 's large crop weighs on prices , producers in other nations are under threat .
Roberto Velez , chief executive officer of Colombia 's National Federation of Coffee Growers , expressed “ deep concern ” about the future of production in his country . Accounting for inflation , local prices have dropped about 0.7 percent on an annual basis for the past few decades and are now at similar levels as seen in 1983 , he said in an interview during the conference .
A similar scenario is emerging in Honduras , said Basilio Fuschich , general manager at Compania Hondurena del Cafe , the country 's top exporter . Brazil is the world 's top grower of arabica beans , followed by Colombia and Honduras .
Higher Volatility
Speculators are holding a near-record wager on falling arabica prices , U.S. government data show . The large position leaves the market vulnerable to bouts of higher volatility , especially given the outlook for supplies to be relatively balanced with demand , Julio Sera , risk management consultant for INTL FCStone , said in an interview at the conference . Developments in the Brazilian harvest are likely to drive swings in the coming months , he said .
U.S . Consumption
The number of Americans drinking coffee on a daily basis advanced to 64 percent in 2018 , according to an annual survey from the New York-based National Coffee Association . That compares with 62 percent last year . Coffee remained the favorite beverage , topping bottled water , soft drinks and tea .
There 's a way to slash congestion in the Big Apple 's clogged streets , and the name of the game is “ carpooling ” .
If that sounds obvious enough , a team of scientists at MIT just published a study to prove the point .
It found that app-based carpool services could reduce overall traffic in Manhattan by 300 percent — and eliminate the need for 75 percent of all taxis .
New Yorkers are increasingly getting the hang of carpooling options like Uber 's UberPool , Lyft 's Lyft Line and Via , all of which use computer algorithms in real time to pick up and drop off multiple passengers along single routes .
The MIT study , however , found that existing algorithms still have room for improvement . Some , for example , require all requests to be submitted before creating a route .
A new system devised by MIT scientists allows requests to be rematched to different vehicles . It also takes into account which size vehicle makes the most sense for a given group of ride requests .
“ A key challenge was to develop a real-time solution that considers the thousands of vehicles and requests at once , ” says Professor Daniela Rus of MIT 's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory .
A team of researchers led by Rus developed an algorithm that found that 3,000 four-person cars could serve 98 percent of demand in New York City , with an average wait-time of only 2.7 minutes .
Currently , there are more than 13,500 taxicabs on the streets of New York City , according to the city 's Taxi and Limousine Commission .
The MIT algorithm also crunched the numbers with two-person and ten-person vehicles , finding that 3,000 two-person cars could serve 94 % of demand and only 2,000 ten-person vehicles could serve 95 % of demand .
The final product is what Rus calls an “ anytime optimal algorithm , ” which means that it gets better the more times you run it .
Transportation studies put the annual cost of congestion at $ 160 billion , which includes 7 billion hours of time lost to sitting in traffic and an extra 3 billion gallons of fuel burned , according to MIT .
With the inevitable spring news lull upon us , the hope — or expectation — of an early commitment for the 2019 class comes with it . Cuonzo Martin and his staff are in a number of high-level prospect ...
The Sun 's move into the career area of your chart today means , among other things , that you will have the support of important people . You may be independent by nature but if you want to get on in the world you need powerful allies to help you .
Cleveland Police Chief : Manhunt for Suspect Steve Stephens Now a ‘ National Search '
Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams told the media the search for suspect Steve Stephens has now spread nationwide . Stephens is accused of filming himself killing an elderly man on Facebook .
DEMS POUR MILLIONS , STAR POWER IN GEORGIA HOUSE RACE
Democrats are looking for a major upset Tuesday in an attempt to win a House seat in a Georgia election that was vacated when President Trump named Tom Price his Health and Human Services Secretary . Dems have poured millions into the race and saddled Jon Ossoff when Hollywood star power . The race features 18 candidates — 11 Republicans , five Democrats and two independents . To outright take the so-called “ jungle primary , ” the winner must get more than 50 percent of the vote . If not , the leader would face the second-place finisher in a runoff . Ossoff is expected to get the most votes but not the majority , likely sending him and one of the Republican candidates to the June 20 runoff .
VIDEO : DEMS HOPE TO FLIP GEORGIA HOUSE SEAT IN SPECIAL ELECTION
TRUMP TAUNTS DEM CANDIDATE IN GEORGIA ELECTION
NORTH KOREA VOWS FREQUENT MISSILE TESTS
North Korea 's Vice Foreign Minister Han Song Ryol told BBC Monday that the isolated nation will be “ conducting more missile tests on a weekly , monthly and yearly basis. ” Han 's comments come as tensions have escalated on the Korean Peninsula . North Korea 's deputy U.N. ambassador Kim In Ryong added that the region was turning into “ the world 's biggest hotspot ” and creating “ a dangerous situation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment. ” Meanwhile , Vice President Pence reiterated the U.S. ' commitment to its Asian allies in his visit to Japan .
PENTAGON TO REVIEW NUCLEAR POSTURE AMID NORTH KOREA TENSIONS
US MISSILE SYSTEM EN ROUTE TO KOREAN PENINSULA
STEVE STEPHENS FINANCIAL TROUBLES REVEALED
The accused Cleveland Facebook killer was battling multiple evictions , bankruptcy and a gambling issue before he allegedly filmed himself killing an elderly man and posting it on the social media website on Easter Sunday . Court documents revealed Stephens went through bankruptcy court and faced eviction multiple times . He also claimed to have gambled his money away at a Cleveland casino . Police said earlier that a $ 50,000 reward had been offered for any information leading to his capture . He remained on the lam as of early Tuesday .
VIDEO : MANHUNT FOR FACEBOOK MURDER SUSPECT EXTENDS NATIONWIDE
VIDEO : EARLY PRISON RELEASES BLAMED FOR CRIME SPIKE IN CALIFORNIA
REP. ROBERT PITTENGER : CHINA AND THE CRUCIAL CHOICE AMERICA NEEDS TO MAKE
America has a choice . We can have prescriptive economic and trade policies with China – including tariffs , sanctions , improved export control laws , and strong CFIUS review authorities – or we can continue to allow them to advance their human rights abuses , execute massive corporate theft and cyberespionage operations , and deliver material support for North Korea .
HILLARY CLINTON CALLED OBAMA TO APOLOGIZE FOR ELECTION-NIGHT LOSS
A new book chronicling Hillary Clinton 's 2016 presidential campaign revealed that she called former President Obama after suffering an election-night loss to Donald Trump . According to a Washington Post book review , Clinton said , “ Mr . President , I 'm sorry. ” The White urged Clinton to concede to Trump as the eventual president was winning key battleground states .
TRUMP TO ORDER INCREASED SCRUTINY OF H-1B VISA PROGRAM
COMING UP ON FNC
9:15 a.m . ET : Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich appears on “ America 's Newsroom . ”
9:20 a.m . ET : Rep. Brad Wenstrip , R-Ohio , member of the House Select Committee on Intelligence , appears on “ America 's Newsroom . ”
9:30 a.m . ET : AG Jeff Sessions and FBI Director James Comey hold a meeting with multiple agencies on drug trafficking . Watch live on Fox News and Fox News.com .
9:30 a.m . ET : Cleveland police update search for Steve Stephens . Watch live on Fox News and FoxNews.com .
9:40 a.m . ET : Rep. Adam Kinzinger , R-Ill. , member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , appears on “ America 's Newsroom . ”
11:00 a.m . ET : Homeland Secretary Chief John Kelly holds meeting at George Washington University . Watch live on Fox News and FoxNews.com .
1:00 p.m . ET : Det . Steve Loomis with the Cleveland Police Department appears on “ Happening Now . ”
3:50 p.m . ET : President Trump signs the Buy American , Hire American executive order .
COMING UP ON FBN
12:00 p.m . ET : Steve Case , AOL co-founder , appears on “ Cavuto Coast to Coast . ”
12:00 p.m . ET : Linda McMahon , Small Business Administrator , appears on “ Cavuto Coast to Coast . ”
12:45 p.m . ET : Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker appears on “ Cavuto Coast to Coast . ”
4:00 p.m . ET : Douglas Holtz-Eakin , former CBO Director , appears on “ After the Bell . ”
FOX BUSINESS COVERAGE
UAL TALKS TO WALL STREET FOR FIRST TIME AFTER DAU DRAGGING DRAMA
Amid a PR crisis of historical proportions , United Airlines posted results late Monday and will talk to investors for the first time on Tuesday . How much will potential litigation from Dr. Dau and others cost the airline and will it impact future travelers ?
WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW IF YOU MISSED THE TAX DEADLINE
TRUMP TAX RETURNS : White House SAYS ‘ NOTHING HAS CHANGED '
NETFLIX EARNINGS REAX , DIGGING INTO SUBSCRIBER GROWTH
Keeping an eye on analyst/stock reaction to Netflix earnings which came out after the bell on Monday .
HOW WILL AMERICANS REALLY SPEND THEIR TAX REFUND ?
TAX FREEBIES AND DEALS 2017
SNAP ON LATEST MANUFACTURING DARLING TO HOST TRUMP
The toolmaker joins the ranks of Boeing and Carrier Tuesday when it welcomes America 's pro-business POTUS to its Kenosha , Wisconsin HQ . The company 's stock is down 5 percent this year , but will it get a Trump bump Tues amid any news on future hiring ?
TRUMP 'S SNAP-ON VISIT WILL TOUT BUY AMERICAN , HIRE AMERICAN AGENDA
KOBE BRYANT TAKES CREATIVE LEAD ON BODYARMOR 'S FIRST TV CAMPAIGN
NBA legend Kobe Bryant is taking a hands-on approach to promoting BodyArmor , the upstart sports drink brand that counts him as its No . 3 shareholder . Bryant wrote , directed and narrated the brand 's first-ever national TV campaign , which debuts this week – a crucial step as it looks to challenge Gatorade long-term . We talk to Bryant and company CEO Mike Repole ( founder of VitaminWater ) about the new campaign and what it means for the brand .
Google is firing back at the U.S. Department of Labor 's allegations of gender discrimination at the company by highlighting its own `` scientific and robust '' analysis for ensuring pay equity .
In a blog post published on Tuesday , Eileen Naughton , vice president of people operations at Google , wrote the company was `` quite surprised '' at the allegations levied against Google last week .
`` We were taken aback by this assertion , which came without any supporting data or methodology , '' she said .
People stand under a sign at Google headquarters in Mountain View , California , on Jan. 5 , 2010 . Robert Galbraith / AFP - Getty Images Pool , file
Related : Google Offers Fact Checked Results Amid 'Fake News ' Crisis
The U.S. Department of Labor last week alleged the search giant had `` systematic compensation disparities against women . '' The allegations stem from a January lawsuit in which the Department of Labor asked Google to hand over compensation data .
Although the tech giant has held off from submitting records that would include private or identifying information about its employees , Naughton said Google has already responded to 18 separate requests , producing hundreds of thousands of documents .
`` Every year , we do a comprehensive and robust analysis of pay across genders and we have found no gender pay gap . Other than making an unfounded statement , which we heard for the first time in court , the DoL has n't provided any data , nor shared its methodology , '' Google told NBC News .
Google made its methodology for determining equal pay available to other companies last year . Naughton said it is so scientific that Google has also been able to expand the analysis to include race in the United States .
The company uses four steps to ensure pay equity . First , men and women are compared by the job level and its family ( for instance , a level 4 account manager working in Mountain View . )
Suggested and adjusted compensation is then compared . Then , the data is held constant to account for metrics such as performance ratings . Google says it then assesses whether there 's a difference , and if there is , will make an adjustment to bring parity , with all of those factors considered .
`` I think it is really interesting because the methodology they 're putting out , if accurate , would be a great way to do things , '' Frida Polli , founder of neuroscience start-up Pymetrics and an equal pay advocate , told NBC News . `` I 'm confused why they would have this methodology and find themselves in this situation . ''
On Equal Pay Day earlier this month , Google tweeted it was `` proud '' to have closed the gender pay gap globally .
Let 's make every day # EqualPayDay . All employers can take steps to eliminate the gender and race pay gaps , today → https : //t.co/KTuGTJMV16 pic.twitter.com/rBciSK21uF — Google ( @ Google ) April 4 , 2017
Polli said she sees a `` disconnect '' in the case and that the allegations have led to more questions than answers . For now , the Department of Labor is declining to comment .
Google has experienced allegations of bias in the past , when in 2015 former engineer Erica Baker made a spreadsheet showing pay disparities at the company . She detailed her quest in a Twitter thread .
Even though Google has released its methodology of determining compensation , Polli said `` tech companies in general do have a blind spot when it comes to diversity . ''
For now , she said , `` We 're just waiting on the other shoe to drop , '' which may be finding out what exactly the Department of Labor knows . ''
`` It definitely gets people 's attention when they name names , '' Polli said . `` And everyone is now hyper-focused on this issue . It 's calling attention to the fact this pay disparity happens . ''
“ I would like to apologize for what you have all had to go through , ” Babchenko told reporters at the conference , according to Reuters .
“ I 'm sorry , but there was no other way of doing it . Separately , I want to apologize to my wife for the hell that she has been through , ” he added . It was unclear whether his wife was aware that his death had been staged .
- Advertisement -
The national police had previously said that the Russian journalist , who has been a harsh critic of the Kremlin , had been shot in a targeted killing .
Babchenko was reportedly found by his wife bleeding at their apartment building in Kiev . Ukrainian authorities said she had called an ambulance but that Babchenko had died on the way to a hospital .
Police had said he had multiple gunshot wounds on his back .
Babchenko has been scathingly critical of Moscow 's annexation of Crimea , the Kremlin 's support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine and the Russian campaign in Syria .
Before it was revealed that Babchenko was in fact alive , the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement that “ bloody crimes and total impunity have become routine ” in Ukraine .
Reacting to the revelation that the killing had been faked , Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova posted on Facebook : “ The fact that Babchenko is alive is the best news … It 's obvious that a propaganda effect was part of the plan . ”
Before becoming a journalist , Babchenko served in the Russian army and fought during the first separatist war in Chechnya during the 1990s . He later worked as a military correspondent for several Russian media outlets .
Ukrainian National guard servicemen stand in front of Russian embassy in Kiev , on May 30 , 2018 , where portraits of journalist Arkadi Babchenko have been hung by activists to the fence.Sergei Supinsky / AFP – Getty Images
Some of his articles and posts have outraged many Russians . In one , he said he felt no regret about the deaths of Russian army choir members and others from a December 2016 plane crash as they were heading to perform before Russian troops in Syria .
Several Russian lawmakers even called for stripping Babchenko of his citizenship over that comment .
Babchenko left Russia in February 2017 , saying he was receiving threats and concerned he might be jailed . He moved to Kiev last fall .
Batali grew up in Seattle and attended high school in Madrid and college at Rutgers University , where he studied Spanish theater .
After college , he enrolled at Le Cordon Bleu in London but withdrew after only a few months to apprentice with London chef Marco Pierre White . He then went through three years of `` intense culinary training in the Northern Italian village of Borgo Capanne , population 200 . '' There , `` Mario learned the essential skills to return to his native US eager to plant his orange-clad foot firmly on the checkered-tablecloth Italian restaurant establishment , '' according to his official biography .
If every homeowner with a mortgage who could refinance did today , their potential savings would average $ 260 a month . See full story .
Image copyright Christ Church Image caption A stained-glass window was smashed in the attack on Christ Church last month
A man accused of an attack on a church was reported to police by his mother after she recognised his image in a police appeal , a court has been told .
Christ Church in Londonderry was badly damaged in the break-in last month , and the repair bill could exceed £100,000 .
James Anthony Kennedy , from Derry 's Glenside Park , denies charges including theft , trespass and criminal damage .
Police told Londonderry Magistrates ' Court that faeces was found on the pages of a Bible and the church organ .
Facebook appeal
The organ was extensively damaged during the break-in and a priceless crystal decanter was among several items stolen from the building .
The cost of the damage to the Church of Ireland building is estimated at between £75,000 and £100,000 , police added , but that does not include the repair costs for the organ .
The court also heard that police had not identified a suspect until this week , when they published images of two suspects on Facebook on Wednesday .
Mr Kennedy 's mother claimed to have recognised him in one of the photographs and contacted police , leading to his arrest .
Image copyright Diocese of Derry and Raphoe Image caption Damage caused to the church in the attack is estimated to cost up to £100,000
The 22-year-old restaurant worker faces a number of charges over the break-in on 12 September .
He is accused of entering Christ Church as a trespasser as well as stealing the decanter , a reader 's robe , an organist 's surplice and communion wine .
'Horrified '
He is also charged with causing criminal damage to the organ , a stained-glass window , a bible and a boiler room .
After his arrest , he told police that the man in the image `` looks like me '' but he added : `` I was not in the church . ''
Applying for bail , a defence solicitor said that Mr Kennedy had been horrified by what had happened but he denied the offences .
The defendant was released on his own bail of £500 and is due to appear in court again on 2 November .
Under his bail conditions , he is banned from entering within 220 yards ( 200m ) of Christ Church and he must not contact the church 's archdeacon .
They say opposites attract . But these days , maybe not so much .
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply .
`` This was like a dealbreaker for me , '' says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area . `` If you are Trump supporter , I 'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee . ''
It 's not just an issue of party politics , Jagosz says . It 's about core values . Love , she says , can not conquer all .
`` If you do n't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that 's OK — I do n't wan na date you if you think that behavior 's OK , '' Jagosz says . `` If that 's not a dealbreaker for you , then you and I have nothing to talk about . ''
As another single put it in her profile , `` Red hats need not apply . ''
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with `` Make America Great Again '' — have been feeling the same way .
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted him to launch TrumpSingles.com .
`` Yeah , it 's both ways , '' Goss says . `` You know , like a liberal does n't want to date a Nazi . And a republican does n't want to date , well , a whiny snowflake , and that 's what they 're viewing each other as . ''
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they 're sick of the `` lefties '' refusing to even give them a chance .
`` [ The liberals ] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh , you must be a racist ; oh , you must be a homophobe ; oh , you must be a misogynist , ' `` Goss says . `` They 're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them . ''
Helen Fisher , the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com , says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum .
`` There 's a real distinct difference that we 're seeing today , and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views , '' she says .
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum . And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around .
`` I think it 's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK , you like this person , well , you must be like that person then , ' `` Fisher says . `` America is taking this very , very personally . No question about it . ''
Looking back now , it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993 .
As Carville famously put it once , `` You can love the sinner and hate the sin . ''
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree .
But today , singles seem to be saying they just ca n't do that .
`` I mean , I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other , but it 's just not going to work that way , '' Goss says .
His Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members . LiberalHearts.com , founded by Salvatore Prano , is up to nearly 50,000 .
`` There 's more activity now than ever , '' Prano says . `` I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other 's arms . ''
But there is one other option for lonely liberals . Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com , a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians `` to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency . '' Goldman became his own first client .
`` I ca n't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [ after the election ] , '' he says . `` That 's not the country I want to live in . So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values , like Canada . ''
It may be better than the alternative . According to the new Match.com survey , a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all .
`` I 'm so glad we 're on this journey together . ''
`` There 's no one else I 'd rather give my final rose to . ''
`` I never doubted that you were here for the right reasons . ''
`` I just could n't imagine myself ever saying goodbye to you . ''
`` I took a leap of faith falling in love with you . ''
Plan Your Dream Wedding And We 'll Reveal Which `` Bachelorette '' Contestant You 're Going To Marry
You got : Peter Is Peter the most handsome man to ever grace your television screen ? It 's quite possible . Congrats on snagging the catch of the century . ABC
Take quizzes and chill with the BuzzFeed app . Get the app
You got : Blake K. He may have been one of Rachel 's night one rejects , but you 'd NEVER let a man this good get away . ABC
Take quizzes and chill with the BuzzFeed app . Get the app
You got : Dean How could you not love this puppy dog of a human ? He 's sweet , adorable , and ready to commit . What more could you ask for ? ABC
Take quizzes and chill with the BuzzFeed app . Get the app
You got : Lucas He somehow found a way to `` Whaboom '' himself straight into your heart . Congrats , I guess ? ABC
Take quizzes and chill with the BuzzFeed app . Get the app
You got : Josiah He 's deep , sensitive , and not bad on the eyes . Lucky you ! ABC
Take quizzes and chill with the BuzzFeed app . Get the app
You got : Diggy Everyone loves a man with a sense of humor , and Diggy is guaranteed to keep you laughing for hours . Just look at those glasses , he 's adorable ! ABC
Take quizzes and chill with the BuzzFeed app . Get the app
You got : Jonathan He may not be the smoothest guy in the bunch , but something about him seems to ~tickle~ your fancy . ABC
Take quizzes and chill with the BuzzFeed app . Get the app
You got : Bryan Looks like he got your First Impression Rose ... and every rose after that , too . ABC
Take quizzes and chill with the BuzzFeed app . Get the app
Johnson , who served two years of her second four-year term of office , recently resigned to move to the Washington , D.C. , area , Superintendent Lynne Kovash said .
`` We 're losing a good person . She 's been a really effective board member , '' said board Chairman Bill Thomhave . `` I really hate to see her go . ''
Tomhave said School Board members agreed to wait for their Jan. 9 meeting to discuss naming a replacement for Johnson . That 's when they will welcome two new members elected Nov. 8 : Cassidy Bjorklund and Melissa Burgard .
Bjorklund and Burgard replace longtime board members Lisa Erickson and Cindy Fagerlie , who did not run for re-election .
`` I think that 's important , '' Tomhave said . `` They are duly elected folks that have a right '' to help make the decision on a replacement .
Kovash said board members can determine who they wish to appoint to the board .
That appointment becomes official after 30 days , unless a petition protesting the appointment is filed with the names of eligible district voters that equal 5 percent or more of the total number of voters who cast ballots in the last general election , Kovash said .
If such a petition is confirmed valid , the board must then appoint another person to the post , and the process starts again , she said .
According to state law , the appointee will only serve until November , when the district is required to conduct a special election to fill the final year of the seat , Kovash said .
That special election could cost the district $ 10,000 to $ 20,000 to pay for polling site costs and hiring election judges , Tomhave said .
Regional Chair Alan Caslin made a stop at Port Colborne council Monday night to give an update about regional council 's progress halfway through the term .
Caslin outlined projects such as investing in advanced manufacturing and transportation as being especially successful areas . General Electric 's new factory coming to Welland , the Region 's designation as a foreign trade zone and coming GO transit services were among Caslin 's highlights .
Inter-municipal transportation is also a big issue for him . He said there have been many complaints about insufficient cross-Niagara transportation . Caslin said it 's not only residents complaining , but employers have concerns as well since sometimes it 's a case of finding someone to hire , but that person has no way to get to the job . Niagara Falls , St. Catharines and Welland , the region 's three main transportation municipalities , are working to come together as one transit commission , which he is hoping passes .
“ We 're going to make sure everyone has a chance to travel around Niagara , ” he said .
For people who drive , an extra $ 2 million has been put into roads for resurfacing , bringing the total budget for that this year to $ 12.5 million .
Key projects for 2017 Caslin brought up include the bid for the 2021 Canada Games . He said site evaluators will be in Niagara on March 1 to see what the region has to offer .
“ We 're hoping we can get as many people as possible out to meet the evaluators and let them know that Niagara is , in fact , the best place to host the Games . ”
lbarton @ postmedia.com
Twitter : @ LBartonTribune
UCCA 's 2018 season began yesterday with Inter Primary School competition R and R Auto Rental Services of No 79 village Corentyne is the sponsor
The Upper Corentyne Cricket Association ( UCCA ) began their 2018 cricket season yesterday with the commencement of the Davendra Ramgoolam , R and R Auto Rental Services Inter Primary School Softball Cricket Competition , for school in the Upper Corentyne area .
A total of 10 Primary Schools are down to participate in the competition which will be played on Fridays .
The schools have been divided into three groups or clusters , which is in keeping with the Ministry of Education arrangements for schools in the area . The schools down to participate are Crabwood Creek , Skeldon and Corriverton Primaries in one group ; No71 , No 68 , New Market and No 59 Primaries in another group , while No 56 , No 51 and No 48 Primaries are in the third group . The winner of each group will qualify to participate in the final on a date to be announced .
The competition began with play in group one which was held at the Crabwood Creek Ground . Corriverton Primary drew the bye to the final . Crabwood Creek won the toss and put Skeldon into bat and they reached 65-5 in their 10 overs with Krishna making 20 . Crabwood Creek in reply were dismissed for 60 to lose by five runs . Nathaniel made 19 .
In the final game Skeldon defeated Corriverton by 24 runs in a low scoring affair . Skeldon won the toss and batted first and were held to 49-9 in their allotment of overs with Nicholas making 12 . Corriverton in their turn at the crease were bundled out for 25 with Nicholas returning to take five wickets . Skeldon has thus qualified for the grand finale .
At the end of the day 's competition all the players were presented with exercise books , pencils and pens . The school received reading materials . All compliments of Hilbert Foster CEO of the Rose Hall Town Youth and Sports Club MS .
The competition continues on Friday at the No 71 ground , with matches in cluster/group two which will see No71 , No68 , New Market and No 59 Primaries in action .
At the end of the competition the winning team will receive $ 15,000 gift voucher , while the runner-up will collect $ 10,000 . These will go to the players to purchase stationary and school supplies of their choice from the Deckers Store on the Upper Corentyne .
The winning and runner-up trophies compliments of R and R Auto Rental Services will go to the respective schools .
Vice President of the UCCA and former national Wicketkeeper batsman Sydney Jackman is the Coordinator . ( Samuel Whyte )
When Arkane Studios finally announced its upcoming adaptation of Prey , the studio said it wanted to try its hand at sci-fi after leaning so heavily into the “ Steampunk ” aesthetic of the Dishonored series . What Arkane did n't say was that , in addition to changing settings , Prey would transpose its well-refined mechanics onto a new genre , horror .
And Prey is definitely a horror game . The first hour or so , which the studio showed off at a preview event in Los Angeles , is filled with jump scares and musical stingers . Like Arkane 's Dishonored games , players gain special powers and a variety of weapons to use for their survival . Those mechanics , however , are paired with a slowish pace , and a foreboding space station filled with empty rooms that might not be so empty . Prey gives players what they need to survive , but at least in its opening moments , it 's weighted so you wo n't always be sure that you 'll be able to do so .
More : Prey franchise 's reboot trailer turns heads at Game Awards 2016
The first hour of Prey give sets the stage for a System Shock 2-style mystery . Players take on the role of Morgan Yu , a scientist preparing for a trip to Talos 1 station in orbit around the moon . At the start of the game , scientists , led by Yu 's brother Alex , put players through their paces by testing Morgan 's newly installed “ neuromod , ” a technology the Yu siblings created .
No one can hear you scream
Of course , moments into the test , everything goes wrong . The scientist leading Morgan through her ( or his ) paces ( players can choose Morgan 's gender at the start of the game ) is suddenly , viciously killed by some kind of weird black tentacle creature . The test chamber is filled with gas and Morgan passes out .
A few seconds later , Morgan awakes in her apartment , where the game first started . Everything is exactly the same , but a mysterious voice on Morgan 's phone warns her to try and escape . Using a wrench to break the glass leading to her high-rise apartment 's balcony , Morgan realizes the whole thing is a stage — the experiment included her fake living quarters . She 's already on Talos 1 . Everything you 've been told was a lie .
What follows is a tense survey of the station . The halls are filled with dead bodies , and strange black aliens called mimics have gotten loose . You 're armed with only a wrench to keep the spooky things at bay when they attack you , and they prefer to leap toward your face and stab at you with long tentacles . Their movements are alien and tough to predict , and your wrench is not a lot of comfort .
This is where Prey gets creepy . As Morgan starts to search the station to find out what happened , and what 's been happening to her . The mimics can take the shape of everyday objects . They lie in wait , hiding as coffee cups or clock radios , until Morgan moves in close . As January , the voice on the radio , warns , be careful what you pick up .
The Arkane approach
In its first two games , Arkane Studios has given off a very specific vibe . Much like Dishonored or games like Deus Ex , Prey 's gameplay evolves through abilities that allow you to interact with the world in your way . This is mostly done through the aforementioned neuromods , which allow players to unlock skills like increased strength ( good for moving heavy objects that sometimes open new paths ) or hacking ( which allows players to break through doors or computer terminals ) .
Like Resident Evil or Silent Hill , Prey balances the player 's power against a dearth of supplies .
Lead Designer Ricardo Bare said that , like Dishonored , players ' approach to the game and the abilities they unlock will dictates how they move through the station , what areas they can access , and sidequests they can complete . Unlike Dishonored , which is mostly mission-based , Prey will feel more open and allow players to backtrack to previously visited areas .
“ Some of it 's like path-related — like maybe there 's a crawl vent you can go into , ” Bare said , describing how players might get into certain rooms and areas . “ Some of it 's ability related , like , if you have hacking you do n't need the code , you can just play the hacking minigame to try to get in there .
“ And then even on a bigger scale , later the game opens up even more to where you have access to the whole space station . As you gain abilities and as the story progresses , you get more and more access to the space station and eventually you can even go outside . So the entire exterior of the space station is like a big open world . ”
Inventing Morgan Yu
Arkane 's Dishonored games focus on providing players with lots of choices about how they approach objectives , but choice also plays a major role in their stories , too . Dishonored centers on themes of how powerful people exercise that power . The games ask players questions about how they use their power , and what expression they 're willing to have that power make on the world and other people .
Put to the question of what theme Prey would focus on during the preview event , Bare answered with a question of his own : “ Who is Morgan Yu ? ”
From the preview , that seems like the question players will answer through their actions . It quickly becomes apparent in the story that Morgan was a willing participant in neuromod experiments . But each time the scientists uninstall a neuromod from Morgan 's brain to test a new one , she loses her memories — hence the reset at the beginning of the game to replay the same day before she left for Talos 1 .
While Bare said there wo n't be anything quite as overt as Dishonored 's “ Chaos ” system , which measures how players ' choices directly make Dishonored 's world worse , your relationships with the people you run across as you explore Talos 1 will have an impact on the game .
“ Later in the game you 'll actually find survivors . Most of the people are dead — the aliens have just broken out and they 're just overrunning the station , ” Bare said . “ So you 're in the middle of a disaster , but occasionally you 'll run into pockets of survivors , like some security guards who have barricaded themselves in , or somebody who 's hiding in the kitchen in the crew facilities . And how you interact with those people , how you treat them has significant consequences for the endgames . ”
“ We do n't have an explicit abstract morality system , like ‘ High Chaos , ‘ Low Chaos , ' ” he explained . “ Instead , it 's more like — I guess I would call it ‘ natural consequences . ' There are very few people alive on the station , but how you treat them matters . Sometimes it has an immediate , short-term consequence , and sometimes it has long-term consequences related to the endgame . ”
A game infused with consequences is n't a completely novel concept , but with Arkane at the helm , those consequences can often get pretty dark . What we 've seen of Prey so far suggests Arkane is building into its creepy , foreboding atmosphere with a number of tools . It 's a horror game that wants to get players ' heads , as well as make them toss their popcorn , so to speak . After only an hour on the station , we find ourselves drawn back — and worried about what we 'll find .
Lawyers for Teodorin Obiang , the son of Equatorial Guinea 's President Teodoro Obiang Nguema , called for his trial to be adjourned when it opened in Paris on Monday . In the first of what may be several trials of African leaders ' relatives , Obiang faces charges of corruption , embezzlement , misuse of public funds and breach of trust .
Obiang 's lawyers have fought tooth and nail to prevent the trial taking place , trying to have the charges dropped when they were first made in 2014 on the grounds that he had immunity as his country 's junior vice-president and more recently appealing to the International Court of Justice to suspend the legal action against him .
Going into court on Monday they told reporters that Obiang , who was not present and gave his address as his country 's capital , Malabo , needed more time to prepare his defence , especially since he intended to call several witnesses who do not live in France .
He has never met the investigators face to face but has been interviewed via a video link .
Obiang could face up to 10 years in prison and the money-laundering charges could lead to a fine of up to a half the sum believed in question , in this case 100 million euros .
A former agriculture and forestry minister , Teodorin Obiang , 47 , was promoted to the first vice-presidency in June , putting him in line to succeed his father .
Apartment worth 107 million euros
The inquiry into his assets in France , launched after legal complaints filed by NGOs Sherpa and Transparency International , revealed a lifestyle at odds with the average in a country where more than half of the population live beneath the poverty line :
His luxury residence in Paris 's posh avenue Foch is worth 107 million euros and has taps covered in gold leaf , a spa , a discotheque , a gym , a hair salon and a cinema ;
A collection of cars including Bugattis , Ferraris and Rolls-Royce was hauled away when investigators raided the Paris home in 2011 ;
He paid upmarket tailors off the Champs Elysées with briefcases full of cash ;
Between 2004 and 2011 nearly 110 million euros were paid by Equatorial Guinea 's exchequer into his personal account , according to investigators .
Although Obiang says that his income was all legally acquired , prosecutors believe he exploited his position as forestry minister to extract payments from companies investing in precious woods , which along with oil is the country 's most valuable natural resource .
Cases in US , Switzerland
His big-spending habits have long been the subject of controversy , notably when he hired the superyacht Tatoosh for an estimated 400,000 dollars ( 382,000 euros ) to impress rap singer Eve and when he spent 10 million rand ( 696,000 euros ) on cars , champagne and property renovations in one weekend in South Africa .
As well as his luxury car collection and property in France , the US and South Africa , he owns a hip-hop record label , TNO Entertainment .
In a 2014 settlement with US prosecutors , Obiang agreed to hand over property worth 30 million dollars ( 29 million euros ) , including a villa in the California resort of Malibu , a Ferrari and Michael Jackson memoribilia such as a crystal-covered glove worn by the singer on his 1988 Bad tour worth hundreds of thousands .
The US Justice Department said he `` embarked on a corruption-fuelled spending spree in the United States '' after racking up 300 million dollars ( 287 million euros ) through embezzlement , extortion and money laundering .
Swiss prosecutors opened a money-laundering case against him in November , seizing 11 luxury cars in Geneva , including a Bugatti Veyron worth around two million euros and a 76-metre yacht , the Ebony Shine .
Precedent for France
The families of several African leaders have extensive properties in France , which has long had close ties to most of the rulers of its former colonies .
Although William Bourdon , a lawyer for Sherpa , has claimed that there `` was simply no political will in France '' to take up the case initially , cases are now being prepared against the families of several African leaders , including those of Congo 's Denis Sasso Nguesso , Gabon 's former president Omar Bongo , who is now dead , and the late François Bozizé of the Central African Republic .
Equatorial Guinea , Africa 's only Spanish-speaking nation , is the continent 's third-biggest oil producer .
The country is regularly criticised by human rights groups for repressive laws , unlawful killings , torture and corruption .
Yankee Stadium 's $ 20M facelift : 'social ' and kid zones replace 2,000 seats The House That George Built will look quite different next year . Opened in 2009 , Yankee Stadium III is undergoing a major construction project beginning this week that will eliminate the ...
Bleachers ' new album leaves even more to be 'Desired ' Albums of the Week Bleachers “ Strange Desire ” ★★★ From this moment on , anyone who refers to Jack Antonoff merely as Lena Dunham 's boyfriend or as the other guy in fun ....
The body of Christina Edmonson was found in Trigg County , Kentucky on April 25 . ( Source : Kentucky State Police )
An autopsy on a Cadiz , Kentucky woman whose body was found in Trigg County , Kentucky on April 25 has been completed .
The cause of death for Christina D. Edmonson , 33 , has been listed as `` undetermined . '' The time of death could not be determined either , and foul play has not been ruled out .
Investigators are continuing to ask for the public 's help in regards to the death of Edmonson , whose body was found in Trigg County in April .
A preliminary examination of the body was completed on Wednesday , April 26 at the Kentucky Medical Examiner 's Office in Madisonville and the results were inconclusive .
Troopers with the KSP are now trying to figure out a timeline of events .
Troopers with the KSP have searched two homes on Oak Grove Church Road for evidence related to the ongoing death investigation .
That discovery comes after someone found a skull in a yard on Oak Grove Church Road around 11:30 a.m. on Tuesday , April 25 .
Overnight , troopers with Kentucky State Police found a body believed to be related to the skull .
The remains were collected and turned over to Trigg County Coroner John Mark Vinson . They were then taken to the Kentucky Medical Examiner for an autopsy .
Several properties in the area were searched by Troopers and Detectives . Canine support is being provided by Pulaski County ( Illinois ) Search and Rescue .
Anyone with information is asked to contact Kentucky State Police Post 1 at 270-856-3721 or anonymously at 1-800-222-5555 .
The investigation remains ongoing .
Download the KFVS News app : iPhone | Android
Copyright 2017 KFVS . All rights reserved .
What time are England 's group games on TV ? On what channel ? Who might they play in the knockout rounds ? Here 's everything you need to know about the Three Lions at Russia 2018
The World Cup 2018 is coming soon to a TV near you . And with their qualification campaign finishing without a loss , manager Gareth Southgate and his team of 23 England players will be aiming to do the country proud in Russia .
Advertisement
And they 've got much to prove : at the previous World Cup England finished bottom of their group , scraping only a single point after a 0-0 draw with Costa Rica . And in England 's last major tournament , Euro 2016 , they infamously lost to underdogs Iceland in the round of 16 .
So , can England redeem themselves ? You never know . Remember , a World Cup title is only seven games away…
Here 's everything you need to know about when the England squad will play and on what channel…
When are the England World Cup group games on TV ?
The Three Lions are playing in Group G with Tunisia , Panama and Belgium . All kick-off times below are given in UK time .
Game 1 : Monday 18th June , 7pm , BBC1 : Tunisia v England – Volgograd
The two sides have met only twice before , the last being in the 1998 World Cup , where England celebrated a 2-0 victory . Could the result be repeated 20 years on ?
The odds are certainly in England 's favour after Tunisia lost playmaker Youssef Msakni to a nasty knee ligament injury in April . As coach Nabil Maloul admitted , Tunisia going to the World Cup without Msakni is like Argentina entering the competition without Lionel Messi .
Game 2 : Sunday 24th June , 1pm , BBC1 : England v Panama – Nizhny Novgorod
Although England will be favourites going into this game ( before the World Cup they were ranked 13th by FIFA , well ahead of Panama 's spot at number 55 ) , the Central American team should n't be completely discounted . To qualify for Russia 2018 , Panama had to beat the likes of the USA , who made it to the round of 16 in the 2014 World Cup .
Game 3 : Thursday 28th June , 7pm , ITV : England v Belgium – Kaliningrad
Expected to be England 's toughest group game , the Belgium match will see Southgate 's side take on the third best team in the world , according to FIFA rankings before the tournament . Premier League stars Romelu Lukaku , Eden Hazard , Kevin De Bruyne and goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois will certainly stretch the England squad .
But it 's worth bearing in mind , England has a good record against Belgium : of their 15 encounters , England have only lost twice .
When will England play in the World Cup round of 16 ?
If England makes it to the next round , their next match day will depend on whether they finished first or second in Group G .
Although we ca n't be sure of match times until the group stage is over , we do know the game will almost certainly air on ITV . The World Cup match split between the BBC and ITV means that the latter network gets the first pick of a round of 16 match to broadcast .
If England finish first in Group G…
( Match 54 ) They 'll play Monday 2nd July 2 , 7pm , v runner-up of Group H
If England finishes second in Group G…
( Match 56 ) They 'll play Tuesday 3rd July , 7pm , v winner of Group H
Group H consists of Poland , Senegal , Colombia , and Japan . Some have judged this to be the tournament 's weakest group , the only one without a former World Cup winner .
Although it 's a tough group to predict a winner from , according to FIFA rankings Poland are tipped to finish first ( they 're rank 10 in the world ) , followed by Columbia ( rank 16 ) , Senegal ( 28 ) and Japan ( 60 ) .
When will England play in the World Cup quarter-final ?
The time and day of England 's quarter-final game will again depend on whether they top their group or not ( as well as whether they get through the previous round , of course ) .
If England does reach a quarter-final , the media match split means the game will almost certainly air on BBC1 – the broadcaster have the first two choices of quarter-final games .
If England finish first in Group G and win their round of 16 Match…
( Match 58 ) They 'll play Friday 6th July , 7pm v winner match 53
The big question here is who will win Match 53 and be England 's opponent . Match 53 will a battle between the Group E winners ( potentially Brazil , Switzerland , Costa Rica , and Serbia ) and the runner-up of Group F ( Germany , Mexico , Sweden or South Korea ) .
Judging how Germany and Brazil are favourite to win their respective groups , Match 53 ( a round of 16 game ) is tipped to see Brazil play Mexico , Sweden or South Korea . And seeing how Brazil will be favourite to come out top against any of those opponents , the likeliest scenario would be England playing Brazil in the quarter-final .
Of course , this is the World Cup , a tournament normally rife with major upsets . Anything could happen .
If England finishes second in Group G and win their round of 16 Match…
( Match 60 ) They 'll play Saturday 7th July , 3pm , v winner match 55
Judging by FIFA rankings , Germany is likeliest to be England 's opponents here . They 're favourite to win Group F ( Germany , Mexico , Sweden , and South Korea ) and , as world number 1 , they 're also favourite to win all games leading to the quarter-final .
When will England play in the World Cup semi-final ?
We like your optimism but guessing England 's opponents may be too much here , considering the unpredictability of the tournament . What we can say , however , is that England 's semi-final is extremely likely to air on ITV , with the broadcaster having first dibs of the semi-final games .
If England finish first in Group G and win their quarter-final…
They 'll play Tuesday 10th July , 7pm
If England finishes second in Group G and win their quarter-final…
They 'll play Wednesday 11th July , 7pm
When is the World Cup final on TV ?
Whether England makes it all the way or not , the final will air on Sunday 15th July , 4pm from Moscow . The match will be broadcast on both ITV and BBC1 .
Advertisement
When is the World Cup third-place play-off on TV ?
The losers of both semi-final games will face off on Saturday 14th July , 3pm at St Petersburg . The match will air on ITV .
She was alone in a school stairwell when he first found her , a quiet 12-year-old from a broken Brooklyn home just trying to get to class .
“ Why do you always look at me like that ? ” janitor Ambiorix Rodriguez asked .
The creepy , clumsy come-on befuddled the child , who had no idea what the much-older man meant , and no clue the brief encounter would plunge her into months of hellish sexual abuse at his hands .
In her first interview , the young woman , now 20 , recalled that fateful meeting and the horrors that followed , and wondered how so many adults could fail to notice the monster who raped her in the school basement nearly 40 times , and why the city Department of Education kept him on the job despite repeated arrests .
“ If somebody was paying attention , somewhere , to me , maybe this would n't have happened , ” said the woman , who spoke to The Post on condition of anonymity .
By the time she finally sought help , she was “ exhausted ” from trying to dodge Rodriguez , who stalked her in the Middle School for Marketing and Legal Studies in East Flatbush for much of 2010 and 2011 .
The janitor , then 32 , secreted her away during “ class , lunch time , after school , ” she said . “ He would just kind of pressure me to come downstairs , I would say , ‘ No ' and ‘ No ' and ‘ No , ' but it would still be him pressuring me . For months .
“ Somebody somewhere was not doing their job , that allowed me to go missing for so much time during school hours , ” she said .
Rodriguez was finally arrested for rape in 2011 , and convicted in 2013 . He was sentenced to 20 years to life .
His victim is suing Rodriguez and the Department of Education in Manhattan Supreme Court , claiming the pot-smoking , hard-drinking custodian , who was arrested in 2004 and 2007 for drug possession and had been caught boozing on the job , should have been fired long before he ever started bringing her down to “ the pen , ” a secluded , dank room with a steel gate at the door and a rotting hole in the ceiling .
“ I remember that from the room , I could hear outside , the kids playing in the playground , ” she said .
“ There was a TV , and a couch . The first time he brought me down there , he tried to make me feel comfortable , ‘ Look , here 's a TV , here 's a couch , you could sit here and watch TV . ' ”
The encounters varied from a few minutes of painful sex , to longer sessions when a nervous Rodriguez , fearful she 'd be seen , would refuse to let her leave .
“ It felt like forever , ” she said .
Her family had n't educated her about sex . She was barely aware of what condoms were , or whether Rodriguez used one . She was confused and wracked with guilt .
“ I felt like if I did say something , it would be me getting in trouble , ” she said .
After enduring five months of abuse , she started skipping school or showing up late , or planting herself near large groups of students to make it tougher for Rodriguez to get to her without someone noticing his overtures .
When he could n't sneak her away during school , the janitor skulked around the after-school dance class she loved , until she quit the activity altogether .
“ It was like a waiting game , ” said the woman , who at the time lived with her dad in a relative 's home .
“ Just as the teachers in school were n't attentive to me , my father was n't attentive to me . Maybe that 's why if there was a change of behavior at the time , he did n't notice me , ” said the woman .
Finally , the “ overwhelming stress ” of the abuse prompted her to confide in an assistant teacher during a school field trip in April 2011 . Rodriguez was arrested the same day .
At first , she regretted coming forward .
“ I had to repeat the story , and every single time , I would cry , and think about it for days at a time , ” she said .
She was 14 when she testified against Rodriguez at trial , weeping on the witness stand with her abuser sitting just a few feet away .
“ It was scary , it was very stressful , ” she said .
In a written confession which Rodriguez later attempted to recant , he claimed the girl had “ flirted with me all the time . ”
“ How could a 12-year-old flirt with you ? ” The now adult victim fumed .
She finds relief in knowing her coming forward kept the janitor from abusing others .
“ It 's been almost seven years now . There could have been five , 10 , how many other kids ? It could have been a situation where [ he said ] , ‘ I got away with it this year , I can get away with it next year , ' ” she said .
“ I should have spoken up sooner , ” she said , urging kids who are being victimized to “ tell somebody . ”
It took years of therapy and healing to realize the abuse was n't her fault .
“ As you grow , you learn what you 're responsible for , what you 're not responsible for , ” she said .
Now she wants to hold the adults who failed her accountable , from the teachers and school aides who never noticed her frequent disappearances , to security staff who failed to notice her in restricted areas , to the supervisors who kept Rodriguez on the payroll .
“ They should have done their job , ” she said .
“ School is supposed to be a safe place , ” said her lawyer , James Monroe .
The woman has decided to sue so that she , and others like her , will be heard .
“ I felt like , at 13 , I did n't have my own voice , ” she said .
“ Everybody spoke for me . . . Besides what the reporters are saying , besides what the prosecutors are saying , besides what the detectives are saying , here 's what she 's saying . I never had the chance to speak . ”
LONDON — Uber is set to lose its license to operate in London from next month after local regulators ruled it was not a “ fit and proper ” business .
The San Francisco-based company will not have its current permit renewed when it expires in eight days ' time , Transport for London ( TfL ) announced .
“ All companies in London must play by the rules ”
`` TfL considers that Uber 's approach and conduct demonstrate a lack of corporate responsibility in relation to a number of issues which have potential public safety and security implications , '' it said in a statement .
Uber said it would appeal the decision , according to Reuters , allowing its car-hailing app to continue operating until the outcome was known .
In London , the firm has faced criticism from unions , lawmakers and traditional black taxi drivers over working conditions . TfL renewed the company 's permit to operate in May for a period of four months .
TfL has today informed Uber that it will not be issued with a private hire operator licence . pic.twitter.com/nlYD0ny2qo — Transport for London ( @ TfL ) September 22 , 2017
Mayor Sadiq Khan said he fully backed the decision .
“ I want London to be at the forefront of innovation and new technology , ” he said in a statement . “ However , all companies in London must play by the rules and adhere to the high standards we expect — particularly when it comes to the safety of customers . ”
He added : “ It would be wrong if TfL continued to license Uber if there is any way that this could pose a threat to Londoners ' safety and security . ”
In April , Uber said it would offer drivers a limited package of paid sick leave in response to concern that firms such as Uber and Deliveroo in the “ gig economy ” do not provide sufficient rights to their workers .
Season 4 of Fortnite has arrived with a bang thanks to the game 's much-touted meteor . Courtesy of Epic Games
★★★½
One may drive past Spatch Grilled Peri-Peri Chicken and say , “ Oh , boy , just what we do n't need — another chicken place. ” Particularly on a stretch of North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale where one can already find Pollo Tropical , PDQ , Chick-fil-A and Spring Chicken nearby . But I 'm here to say this is no ordinary bird . You are going to want this chicken . And once you get hooked on the South African Peri-Peri pepper sauce that marinates , bastes and enlivens the poultry , you may need this chicken .
“ The number of return customers has been amazing , ” says Peter Boulukos , who oversees the kitchen for the Restaurant People , the ownership group that opened the fast-casual eatery in February . “ The reception has been fantastic . ”
Count me among the Spatch converts . It may be a one-note place — chicken is featured in sandwiches , salads , bowls and platters — but it hits all the right notes . The char-grilled chicken is juicy and flavorful . The side dishes are tasty and creative . The atmosphere is pleasant , the service is friendly and the prices are reasonable . And then , there is that sauce , offered in varying degrees of heat and made from a blend of lemon , garlic , spices and the African Bird 's Eye chili pepper . It is addictive .
Spatch Grilled Peri-Peri Chicken Spatch Grilled Peri-Peri Chicken / Courtesy Spatch Grilled Peri-Peri Chicken in Fort Lauderdale is bringing bold new flavor from an African chili pepper to South Florida . Spatch Grilled Peri-Peri Chicken in Fort Lauderdale is bringing bold new flavor from an African chili pepper to South Florida . ( Spatch Grilled Peri-Peri Chicken / Courtesy )
They sell bottles of the stuff at the front counter ( $ 3.90 each ) , in case you want to take some home and slather it over anything and everything . It is not sold in supermarkets or retail stores yet , but it should be . There are mild , medium and hot versions , along with nonspicy lemon-and-herb and sticky mango sauces . After customers kept requesting more heat , Spatch began offering an extra-hot version at the restaurant that is not available for purchase .
Diners order and pay up front , and servers bring meals to tables . The food also travels well as takeout . Servers will cheerfully pour and deliver extra shots of the magical sauces found at a side condiment table . There are cushioned booths , wooden chairs and wooden tables inside , along with outdoor seating . There are free refills on soda and iced tea . Wine and craft beer is offered . On a back wall , there 's lettering that reads , “ Eat Clean . ”
The cage-free chicken does n't contain hormones or antibiotics , Boulukos says . It 's raised on corn and soy beans and supplied by purveyor Grand Western of Fort Lauderdale . Whole and half chickens are prepared spatchcock style : split and flattened with the skin on . There are also skinless boneless breasts and thighs . Chicken is brined and then marinated for 24 hours in mild Peri-Peri sauce . It is made spicier to order on the grill with sauce brushed on .
The Spatch sandwich Spatch Grilled Peri-Peri Chicken / Courtesy The Spatch sandwich at Spatch Grilled Peri-Peri Chicken in Fort Lauderdale is a thing of beauty , with thigh meat , cheddar cheese , coleslaw , housemade pickles , hot peppers and mayonnaise on a potato roll . The Spatch sandwich at Spatch Grilled Peri-Peri Chicken in Fort Lauderdale is a thing of beauty , with thigh meat , cheddar cheese , coleslaw , housemade pickles , hot peppers and mayonnaise on a potato roll . ( Spatch Grilled Peri-Peri Chicken / Courtesy )
The restaurant strives for healthy , clean eating , but diners may get a little sloppy digging into platters and sandwiches . The Spatch sandwich ( $ 6.90 ) is one of the best chicken sandwiches I 've ever had , an action-packed , double-fisted delight . Plump and flavorful chicken thigh , a succulent mix of light and dark meat , is topped with melted cheddar cheese , coleslaw , housemade pickles and sweet-hot peppers , and Peri-Peri mayonnaise , served on an absorbent potato roll .
“ My wife craves them constantly , ” Boulukos says . I can see why .
The Southwestern bowl ( $ 8.95 ) featured chopped skinless chicken breast over black beans , avocado , corn , tomatoes and brown rice . The flavors were on point , but the dish could have used a bit more crunch , perhaps some tortilla strips or romaine lettuce . I had no complaint about the flattened half-chicken with skin on , which had nice crispness from the grill , or the meaty chicken wings ( $ 8.95 for seven ) .
Side dishes were a high point , particularly the deluxe ones ( $ 3.50 ) . Sweet-and-spicy kale features minced kale with orange cubes of butternut squash , dried cranberries , golden raisins and pumpkin seeds . The squash is roasted with cinnamon , nutmeg and allspice . The kale is tossed with honey , Dijon mustard and cider vinegar . It 's great . Grilled corn on the cob is prepared Mexican-street-style , rolled in shredded queso , sprinkled with smoked paprika and drizzled with chipotle crema . Sweet-potato mash is tinged with vanilla . And there 's a hearty , three-grain tomato and spinach bowl featuring farro , barley and bulgur wheat with cubes of briny feta cheese .
The Southwestern bowl Spatch Grilled Peri-Peri Chicken / Courtesy The Southwestern bowl at Spatch Grilled Peri-Peri Chicken features chopped chicken , black beans , avocado , corn and tomatoes over brown rice . The Southwestern bowl at Spatch Grilled Peri-Peri Chicken features chopped chicken , black beans , avocado , corn and tomatoes over brown rice . ( Spatch Grilled Peri-Peri Chicken / Courtesy )
Regular sides ( $ 2.50 ) include thick-cut french fries that were crisp and well-seasoned , and coleslaw that could have packed a bit more garlicky , vinegary punch . There are chocolate chunk cookies ( $ 2.50 ) and blondies and brownies ( $ 2.90 ) for dessert .
Boulukos and Tim Petrillo , the team behind Fort Lauderdale restaurants Yolo , S3 and Tarpon Bend , partnered with Stavros Florias , a successful South African restaurateur who moved to South Florida earlier this decade , to launch Spatch Grilled Peri-Peri Chicken . If all goes well , it might become a regional chain . Boulukos says the next locations are planned for downtown Fort Lauderdale and Plantation . I ca n't wait . This tasty bird deserves to take flight .
Spatch Grilled Peri-Peri Chicken
3848 N. Federal Highway , Fort Lauderdale
954-607-1703 or SpatchPeriPeri.com
Cuisine : Grilled South African-spiced chicken featured in sandwiches , salads , platters and bowls
Cost : Inexpensive . Chicken items cost $ 5.50 to $ 13 . Side dishes $ 2.50 to $ 3.50 . Desserts $ 2.50 to $ 3.50
Hours : 11 a.m.-9:30 p.m. Sunday-Thursday , 11 a.m.-10:30 p.m. Friday-Saturday
Reservations : No
Credit cards : All major
Bar : Beer and wine only
Sound level : Conversational
Kids : Children 's menu $ 3.50 to $ 5.50
Wheelchair access : Ground level
Parking : Free lot
mmayo @ southflorida.com , 954-356-4508 . Follow my food adventures on Instagram : @ mikemayoeats . Sign up for my weekly dining newsletter at SouthFlorida.com/EatBeatMail .
Cardi B recently came to a shocking revelation , Donald Glover and Childish Gambino are the same person .
While Cardi would n't be the first person to be confused , we ca n't help but think about all of the other celebrities who have adopted alter egos over the years . Hit the flip to recall a few .
Donald Glover , Childish Gambino And Other Celeb Alter Egos was originally published on globalgrind.com
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8Next page »
Also On 101.1 The Wiz :
Join V-103 , The People 's Station , as we put on the most lit Tailgate party at our new location at Northside Drive & Rhodes Street next to Vine City MARTA station as Atlanta takes on Carolina at Mercedes-Benz Stadium Sunday , December 31st , 2017 from 11:00am to Kickoff . Join V-103 as we turn it all the way up at Northside drive and Rhodes Street with the Liquid Luxury Lounge presented by Courvoisier and Effen Vodka !
* LIMITED TO THE FIRST 500 REGISTRANTS AS OF 5PM on 12/29/17 *
* MUST BE 21 OR OLDER TO REGISTER OR YOU WILL BE DENIED ENTRY *
Ellen DeGeneres named Adam Levine 's baby Levine shares the long tale of how DeGeneres came up with the name Dusty Rose .
Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo welcome baby Dusty Rose The little lady is the first child for the Maroon 5 rocker and the supermodel .
Behati Prinsloo bares her bump in a bikini The Victoria 's Secret Angel is expecting a baby girl with Adam Levine .
Follow @ insidefutbol
Celtic midfielder Olivier Ntcham is anticipating a tough Europa League Round of 32 ties for the Bhoys after they were drawn to face Zenit St. Petersburg .
Brendan Rodgers ' men have dropped into the Europa League after finishing third in their Champions League group .
Their reward is a tie against Roberto Mancini 's Zenit , who currently sit in third spot in the Russian Premier League standings .
And Ntcham is expecting a tough clash , especially when it comes to travelling to Russia for the second leg .
`` Celtic vs Zenit St Petersburg '' , Ntcham wrote on Twitter .
`` Never easy to play in Russia .
`` Go on Celtic '' , he added .
Celtic will play host to Zenit for the first leg on 15th February , before then taking a trip to Russia on 22nd February .
The Bhoys have been in superb form domestically this season and are yet to lose a game , however in Europe they have found results harder to come by and most recently lost 1-0 at home against Anderlecht in the Champions League .
Phillip Evans watched the sunset in San Diego on Thursday night , believing the sun had set on his 2017 baseball season . He had moved back home , thrown out his extra gear after a season at Triple-A Las Vegas and was in his second full day of the offseason .
A phone call quickly changed his plans , making him pass up some relaxation by the beach for a cross-country flight .
Mets director of minor league operations Ian Levin was on the other end of the phone , telling Evans his contract had been purchased and he was getting the call up to the big leagues .
“ I could n't believe it , ” Evans said .
It was around 6:50 p.m. and Evans was on his way to a dinner that never actually happened . He quickly went back home to pack up the room he had just finished unpacking .
That dinner ? He finally ate a meal at the airport Friday morning before boarding a flight to New York . He arrived at 4 p.m. and went straight to Citi Field , where he was able to squeeze in some batting practice . Hours later , he was summoned off the bench to pinch-hit for Seth Lugo in the sixth inning and saw four pitches before lining into a double play .
see also Rafael Montero silences Reds again as Mets win fourth straight Rafael Montero did not have his best stuff Saturday night ...
Standing by his locker Saturday , less than 48 hours removed from Levin 's phone call , it still had yet to sink in for the utility infielder , who turns 25 on Sunday .
“ Pretty crazy , ” Evans said . “ I 'm just trying to take it all in . I had a long travel day [ Friday ] , so I 'm kind of settling in today for my first full day . ”
Later on , Evans continued to settle in when he collected his first major-league hit , roping a double to left field in the Mets ' 6-1 win over the Reds .
A 15th-round pick of the Mets in 2011 from La Costa Canyon High School near San Diego , Evans had put himself on the radar in 2016 when he captured the Double-A Eastern League batting title . He was a .236 hitter in five minor league seasons coming into the year , but it was hardly a sign of things to come .
Entering the final day of the 2016 regular season , Evans was batting .329 . The league leader , Aneury Tavarez , was at .335 and got the day off with the Portland Sea Dogs .
“ Our coaches were more aware of it , ” said Mets first baseman Dominic Smith , then a teammate of Evans in Binghamton . “ They knew what he needed to do . We had to bat him leadoff the last couple weeks . It was pretty amazing to see what he did . ”
Evans grounded out twice in his first three at-bats but came back to be 3-for-5 after a single in the ninth inning . It was n't going to be good enough for the title , but fellow current Met Amed Rosario extended the game with a two-run single later in the ninth that sent the game to extras .
In his next at-bat , in the 11th inning , Evans singled to put him over the top — .33518 to Tavarez 's .33506 .
“ I definitely revived my career a little bit , ” Evans said . “ I had a few bad years , a lot of injuries . Kind of having a full year without any injuries , and a good year at that , definitely helped me get to this point . ”
This point being Queens , which beats sunsets in San Diego .
“ I 'm just going to enjoy every day I 'm at the ballpark , ” he said . “ I 'm going to work hard and trust the work I 've put in . Now it 's all about just having fun out there . ”
Winless Red Bulls get boost as Cahill , Armando return vs Philly Still winless a half-dozen games into the season , the Red Bulls grasp the importance of taking the full three points from Wednesday 's game against visiting Philadelphia . And when they take ...
Armando makes early impression on Red Bulls coach The Red Bulls are n't even through the first phase of preseason , but a few things have become clear . It 's early , but Spanish newcomer Armando is everything they expected , and they 're ...
Red Bulls set to ink Armando Lozano After parting ways with defender Markus Holgersson , the Red Bulls have made adding a veteran centerback an offseason priority . It looks like they 've done just that , reportedly set to sign ...
Janet Jackson 's family is still mad at Justin Timberlake When Justin Timberlake takes the stage at Super Bowl LII for the halftime show Sunday at US Bank Stadium in Minneapolis , there is at least one famous name who thinks ...
AOL is finally killing off AIM Before text messages from smartphones , before Twitter and before Facebook , there was AOL 's instant messaging service . The once-mighty internet service provider 's AIM service , as it was known , was the way ...
Tim Armstrong is looking to expand Oath into China Tim Armstrong , CEO of Oath — the company that emerged from the combination of AOL and Yahoo and now has more than 1 billion users — is eyeing entry into ...
Verizon to slash 2,100 jobs at Yahoo and AOL The job cuts at Yahoo and AOL will be deeper than expected . Verizon is now expected to chop 2,100 jobs across the two companies next Tuesday when the $ 4.5 billion ...
AOL , Yahoo could lose 1,000 jobs after Verizon buyout The Verizon buyouts of AOL and Yahoo could result in the loss of 1,000 jobs across the companies , according to a report . That would come to something less than 20 ...
Martha Nelson to exit as Yahoo 's top editor amid merger Martha Nelson , the global editor-in-chief of Yahoo , wo n't be making the jump when the $ 4.48 billon deal to sell the struggling Web portal to Verizon closes next month , sources tell ...
AOL loses four key execs amid turmoil Four senior members of Tim Armstrong 's AOL executive team have exited the company in the last month , The Post has learned . The loss of the four longtime Armstrong lieutenants is ...
AOL to lay off 500 employees Tim Armstrong is getting ready to swing the ax at AOL . The chief executive at the Web portal is expected to announce on Thursday that up to 5 percent of ...
Here 's what the 'You 've Got Mail ' guy is up to now You 've got mail – and a ride home ! Ohio retiree and Uber driver Elwood Edwards shocked a rider this weekend , revealing he 's the voice of AOL 's message , “ You 've got mail. ” ...
A Manhattan attorney claims her lawyer lover used sweet talk and name-dropping to scam her out of $ 25,000 .
After she met fellow attorney Lavell Malloy last summer , he “ immediately pursued ” a romantic relationship , says Tanya Giorgini in a Manhattan Supreme Court lawsuit .
He tried to sell her on his film and television company , Egoless Pictures , which purportedly was hunting for investors .
Malloy and alleged Egoless employee Kelly Davis produced marketing materials to convince Giorgini to invest , she claims .
Giorgini received an e-mail from someone who claimed to be John Buffalo Mailer , the son of famed author Norman Mailer , who thanked her for a $ 25,000 investment she had not yet made , the lawsuit says .
Giorgini finally wrote a check . That 's when Malloy 's story — and their relationship — fell apart .
She learned that Davis was Malloy 's girlfriend and that Egoless Pictures never existed , Giorgini claims .
Malloy and Davis did not return a message . Mailer did not respond to a request for comment .
China has the world 's second-largest stock market , but very few of its biggest technology companies can be traded domestically .
For years , China has watched as companies including e-retailing giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. and search engine Baidu Inc. headed overseas to go public , enriching investors from New York to Hong Kong . Now , as the country tries to boost its equities markets , it 's looking for ways to bring businesses worth as much as $ 1.4 trillion back home .
Chinese depositary receipts would let offshore-listed companies valued at more than 200 billion yuan ( $ 32 billion ) offer shares on exchanges in Shanghai or Shenzhen . The CDRs would also waive corporate governance rules that have helped keep the likes of Alibaba away from their home market , a recognition of how important it 's become to win over the new titans of tech .
While policymakers have approved a trial for CDRs , details are still scarce . As investors wait , here 's what 's at stake :
China 's biggest overseas-listed tech companies have outperformed the country 's benchmark over the past three years , as the nation shifted its focus to technology and consumption and moved away from investment-led growth . At the same time , returns for investors on the mainland were muted as Chinese-listed stocks struggled to recover from the $ 5 trillion crash of mid-2015 .
China leads the way in terms of total value of its listed mainland tech companies , but the average size of each business is one-fifth of those in the U.S. As the largest firms have fled their home country , smaller companies that stayed suffered from corporate governance concerns and the fallout from China 's deleveraging measures .
The technology sector is almost one-fourth of the entire U.S. stock market , a proportion that 's nearly twice that of China , where state-owned industrial firms dominate . CDRs could shift that ratio because they wo n't only be limited to public companies : private firms valued at more than 20 billion yuan and with revenue of at least 3 billion yuan in the preceding year will be eligible for the program , along with fast-growing unlisted companies that work in the field of advanced technology and have a leading advantage in their sector .
Six of China 's 10 biggest tech companies are traded in the U.S . In an effort to compete with New York for offshore listings , Hong Kong 's stock exchange changed its rules to allow “ innovative ” companies with dual-class share structures , currently banned in the city but favored by many tech firms . The move could pay off almost immediately , with Chinese smartphone-maker Xiaomi Corp. planning an initial public offering in the former British colony . The listing could be the biggest IPO globally since Alibaba went public in 2014 .
China is the most active stock market in Asia , powered each day by millions of retail investors , but it 's dwarfed by the U.S . The introduction of CDRs , coupled with continued efforts to open the mainland to foreigners -- such as the inclusion of Chinese-listed stocks in MSCI Inc. 's global benchmarks later this year -- could help close the gap .
— With assistance by Edwin Chan
Beck gets funky , disco king Giorgio Morodor is back and newer music In this week 's new releases , Beck rediscovers his groove , Giorgio Moroder revisits his past , and fun . 's Nate Ruess remembers how to be happy . Check out our roundup . Downloads of the ...
Kanye West finally apologizes for Beck Grammy diss `` I would like to publicly apologize to Beck , I 'm sorry Beck , '' the rapper tweeted on Thursday .
Kanye 's free NYC concert gets 'BECK 'd ' Kanye West has been “ BECK ” ed ! The rapper , who interrupted Beck 's speech during the Grammys on Sunday , faced a huge display of “ BECK ! ” — created on a building 's windows — as he performed ...
Stars slam Kanye over Beck Grammy diss Bravo 's Andy Cohen and Elvis Costello chime in on Kanye saying Beck should have given his award to Beyoncé .
Kanye blames Grammy outburst on 'voices in my head ' `` So the voices in my head told me go and then I just walked up like halfway up the stage , ” the rapper told Ryan Seacrest .
Beck 's album sales soar after Kanye Grammys diss After Beck won Album of The Year at the Grammys , West said that he “ should have given his award to Beyoncé . ”
Kanye rants after stage crash : Beck needs to respect artistry `` I aspire to do what he does , ” Beck shared of the ever controversial Kanye West .
Jenny Lewis ' ‘ The Voyager ' a big production Albums of the Week Jenny Lewis “ The Voyager ” ★★½ The former Rilo Kiley frontwoman 's '70s yacht-rock homages can feel overstuffed , even when short . Like later Elvis Costello , she 'll throw in ...
5 ways the Beastie Boys ' 'Paul 's Boutique ' changed hip hop Very few people knew what to make of it at the time , but 25 years to the day from its release ( July 25 , 1989 ) , the only way to think of ...
De Blasio : Give drivers a break for double-parking in bike lanes Is this part of Vision Zero , too ? Mayor de Blasio said Friday that drivers should n't be ticketed for drop-offs and pickups in bike lanes — even though it 's a blatant ...
Cyclist goes airborne after he 's hit by reckless driver North Wales police released CCTV footage of reckless driver Jake David Tompkinson hitting a cyclist , who went flying through the air . This week , Tompkins was sentenced to a year in ...
Shuttle bus may have fatally struck cyclist in hit-and-run : cops The bicyclist killed in a hit-and-run incident at LaGuardia Airport on Monday was a 36-year-old Queens man — and may have been struck by an airport shuttle bus , police said ...
Cyclist fatally struck by hit-and-run driver at LaGuardia A man riding a bicycle was fatally struck by a hit-and-run driver at LaGuardia Airport on Monday night , law enforcement sources said . The hit-and-run took place on Marine Terminal Road ...
Assemblyman sticks by lax laws for unlicensed drivers The state lawmaker who helped block a bill that would stiffen penalties for unlicensed drivers involved in fatal accidents defended the decision Wednesday — insisting that a tougher law would n't ...
Good news for cyclists that ca n't use Citi Bike The city announced Friday it is seeking proposals for a bike-share program that features self-locking cycles instead of docking stations — a system that has famously flopped in places such ...
Politician impersonated cop to get past me in bike lane : cyclist Brooklyn state Sen. Marty Golden tried to pull over a bicyclist by impersonating a cop — and then his wheelman ran a red light and drove into oncoming traffic to ...
Amsterdam bans beer bikes and the drunk tourists who love them AMSTERDAM – The “ beer bike , ” a 12-seat rolling bar popular among partying tourists in Amsterdam , is no longer welcome along the city 's picturesque canals . An inner-city ban went into effect ...
De Blasio takes e-bike fight to business owners It might take a lot longer to get your order of moo shu chicken delivered next year if it 's coming by an electric bicycle . Mayor de Blasio on Thursday announced ...
Image caption Simon Byrne was suspended in August but denies the allegations
A disciplinary panel has decided not to throw out a series of bullying allegations against a chief constable , despite `` flaws '' in the investigation .
Cheshire Constabulary 's Simon Byrne is alleged to have `` exhibited volatile , unpredictable and offensive behaviour '' .
His lawyers applied to have the gross misconduct claims dismissed following `` procedural errors '' .
However , while the panel conceded there had been flaws in the investigation , they did not cause `` serious prejudice '' .
Mr Byrne was suspended in August but denies the allegations , which date from between May 2014 and March 2017 .
Gerry Boyle QC , representing the former Metropolitan Police officer , said he had never been informed he was under investigation and had not been interviewed .
The barrister said David Keane , Cheshire 's police and crime commissioner , had presided over an investigation `` littered with procedural errors and irregularities '' .
Image caption Cheshire 's police and crime commissioner David Keane presided over the investigation
However , giving evidence last week , Mr Keane said he did not understand why Mr Byrne had not been interviewed by the North Yorkshire Police officers he commissioned to look into the allegations .
He admitted that on some occasions `` it seems absolute normal practice was n't followed '' .
But he denied trying to encourage investigating officers to arrive at a more serious finding regarding the allegations .
Panel chairman Rachel Crasnow QC said the absence of interviews `` clearly shows the potential for a breach of natural justice '' .
She also said the failure to inform Mr Byrne of all the allegations against him `` may have been inadequate '' .
Ms Crasnow said the procedures followed by Mr Keane had `` fallen short of the standard we expect '' and the consequence was `` a degree of unfairness to the chief constable and an affront to natural justice '' .
She added : `` It does have the potential to discredit public confidence in the ( police misconduct ) regulations '' ,
But Ms Crasnow said the panel found it `` difficult to identify any serious prejudice that can not be remedied '' .
Rejecting the application for the proceedings to be stayed , Ms Crasnow said `` a fair hearing can still proceed '' .
The hearing has been adjourned until 2 July .
Mr Keane 's office released statement describing the delay as `` unfortunate '' for witnesses , who had already been `` waiting for a significant amount of time to give evidence '' .
The statement said Mr Byrne 's legal team had indicated they intend to challenge the panel 's decision via a judicial review , subject to securing funding .
Melodie Loya , 13 , from Bainbridge , N.Y. , right , hugs Tara Singh , 13 , from Louisville , Ky. , left , after Tara received her medal to advance to the final round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill , Md. , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 . Tara is also advancing to the final round . Carolyn Kaster AP Photo
Image caption Scottish pop group Chvrches will play at Spain 's Primavera Sound festival this weekend
From Adele to James Bond , from David Hockney to Harry Potter , the UK 's creative talent is admired around the globe .
And the creative industries are one of the UK 's fastest growing sectors , growing at twice the rate of the overall economy .
Those in the creative industries are far more anti-Brexit than the rest of the country - a poll by the Creative Industries Federation ( CIF ) found 96 % of its members voted Remain in the 2016 referendum .
Personal politics aside , there are practical reasons why people in the arts are worried that Brexit will be bad news - including their concerns about free movement of talent , funding and Britain 's reputation around the world .
But others are seeing silver linings .
Here are some of the ways Brexit could affect the UK 's creative industries and talent .
Performers face tour burden
Image copyright Getty Images
Arctic Monkeys , Idles ( pictured ) , Chvrches and Jorja Smith are just some of the 40 UK acts travelling to play at this weekend 's Primavera Sound festival in Barcelona .
As well as worries about the end of free movement having an impact on people wanting to live and work in another country , there are also concerns that it will make it more difficult for musicians and other performers to go on tour .
They may need visas for themselves and their crew , and could need carnets - documents allowing the temporary movement of goods - for their instruments and equipment .
There might also be complex tax procedures and lengthy customs checks . All that could be expensive and time-consuming to organise .
Big-name acts will probably feel the effects less , but there are fears that it will be prohibitive for up-and-coming artists and larger ensembles .
The same applies to European performers wanting to travel to the UK .
Former Labour MP Michael Dugher , chief executive of trade body UK Music , has called on the government to bring in a `` touring passport '' to get around any extra red tape and cost .
Han Solo is still free to travel
Image copyright Lucasfilm
Britain 's film and TV industries have been booming of late , thanks largely to Hollywood studios choosing the UK to film blockbusters like Solo : A Star Wars Story , Mission : Impossible - Fallout and Jurassic World : Fallen Kingdom .
Foreign studios spent £1.7bn in the UK in 2017 - almost double the amount spent four years previously .
Most of that money came from America , so that wo n't be directly affected by Brexit . The main impact so far has been to lower the value of the pound , actually making it more attractive for US studios to film in the UK .
Some film-makers are worried about being able to recruit crew members from Europe to work in the UK , though , and have voiced concerns about European co-productions , funding and distribution schemes .
However , Lord Puttnam , who produced Chariots of Fire and is president of the Film Distributors ' Association , has said more investment in home-grown films `` with a distinctive British voice could help to deliver a form of national re-branding '' .
The Gruffalo and free movement
Image caption Axel Scheffler says The Gruffalo would not have existed if the UK was n't in the EU
If the UK had never been in the EU , children 's favourite The Gruffalo - one of every child 's favourite books - would n't have existed , its German-born illustrator Axel Scheffler recently said .
He brought the character - and many others - to life , working with writer Julia Donaldson in what must be one of the most successful UK-EU creative partnerships .
He moved to the UK 36 years ago and said that without free movement , he would n't have been able to make his home in Britain and team up with Donaldson .
Scheffler is one of thousands of Europeans in creative jobs in the UK - the CIF estimated there were at least 130,000 EU nationals working in the sector in 2016 .
Some areas rely on European talent more than others . An estimated 30 % of people working in visual effects for film and TV were from the EU , with the figure at 20-30 % for video games and 25 % for architecture .
One of the biggest concerns about Brexit is that some of those people will want to - or be forced to - go home . It 's also feared that others will be put off coming to the UK or be unable to do so , meaning artistic collaborations may not happen and some companies may struggle to attract the necessary talent .
In December , a joint document issued by the UK government and the EU said both EU citizens and UK nationals will be able `` to live , work or study as they currently do under the same conditions as under Union law '' after Brexit .
The late Martin Roth , the German museum director who took London 's V & A to new heights , said upon his departure in September 2016 that he might not have taken the post if it had come up after the EU referendum .
`` I 'd probably still be offered a job , but the question is rather , would that job still be as attractive in such a context ? '' he said .
Will TV broadcasters relocate ?
UK media watchdog Ofcom currently regulates around 1,200 TV services . But almost a third of those do not broadcast to UK viewers .
They are based in the UK - but the current `` country of origin '' rule says media outlets can serve the whole of the EU as long as they abide by the rules of their host country .
Some of these companies are considering relocating if they can no longer reach the whole of the EU from the UK , while others have put plans for new investment in the UK on hold , Ofcom said last year .
The Guardian has reported that Discovery is planning to move its European playout hub from London .
No more EU funding
English arts organisations received £345m from the EU between 2007 and 2016 , according to Arts Council England ( ACE ) .
However , an ACE report said only 14 % of its organisations have direct EU funding , with 30 % of the organisations saying they have benefitted indirectly from EU funding .
Those getting funding include the Hall for Cornwall in Truro , which has £2.1m European Regional Development Funding to help pay for a new creative industry workspace unit .
In August 2016 , the government said it would guarantee to support some EU-funded projects after the UK leaves the EU .
And no more European Capitals of Culture
Image copyright Alan Richardson
Amid all the speculation about what might happen after Brexit , there is one concrete consequence we do know about .
In November , the European Commission cancelled the UK 's turn to host the European Capital of Culture in 2023 - because the UK will have left the EU by then .
Dundee , Nottingham , Leeds , Milton Keynes and Belfast/Derry had their eyes on the boost to their economies and images that the title would have brought .
When Liverpool was the UK 's last Capital of Culture in 2008 , it saw an extra 9.7 million visits and a £750m injection into the local economy .
Open for business ?
When ACE published a survey of its members ' views on Brexit in February , one of the key concerns was that the vote would harm the UK 's global standing .
`` There are significant concerns about the potential negative impact of Brexit on the UK 's international reputation for arts and culture , '' its report said .
One of the organisations quoted , Newcastle-based Isis Arts , works with many European partners .
`` People are not looking to us in quite the same way that they might have done before , '' they said . `` Our position over there in these other countries is slipping away from us . It 's such a shame because we were held in very high regard . ''
The world beyond the EU
But the CIF points out that there are opportunities for British firms and talent beyond the EU .
It talks about catering for `` the expanding middle class in nations from Chile to China '' , especially through new digital technologies .
Architects ' body RIBA says the UK can fill a skills shortage in the US , while institutions like the V & A and the British Museum have been making inroads in Asia and the Middle East .
The CIF quotes Diane Banks of Diane Banks Associates Literary & Talent Agency as saying : `` Investors are much more interested in our access to North American and Asian markets than the EU as these markets offer the highest growth potential , particularly when dealing with an English-language product .
`` Leaving the EU will also present exciting opportunities to innovate and be more competitive . ''
Michael Longhurst , who started the group Artists For Brexit , says : `` We are very keen on trying to promote the notion of global Britain . You 're shifting your emphasis to being interested in and having equitable exchange with the world , which has got to be brilliant for the arts . ''
Other factors
There are other big issues for people across the British creative sector - who say copyright protection should be maintained , data should still be able to flow freely between the UK and EU , and tariffs should n't raise costs for businesses and prices for consumers on exporting things like books , video games and art .
Artists get to grips with dramatic times
Image copyright Getty Images
Aside from the economic implications , we 're seeing a new breed of artists and writers who have been stirred to give their creative responses to Brexit and the wider political climate .
The Young Vic 's incoming artistic director Kwame Kwei-Armah ( pictured ) recently told The Stage : `` We ca n't rest on our laurels , but we 're in great shape as a country [ for political writing ] because Brexit , wherever you sit on it , has awoken a generation [ of playwrights ] . ''
At the very least , Brexit has given Benedict Cumberbatch another job .
Will the UK exit Eurovision ?
Thankfully - or not , depending on your view - the Eurovision Song Contest has nothing to do with the European Union .
Israel , Azerbaijan and Australia are among the non-EU countries who take part in the annual song extravaganza . So the UK can continue to compete .
Unfortunately , Eurovision is the one part of the creative sector where the UK is a consistent failure .
Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .
The Giants did not make a bold move with the firing of Ben McAdoo . It was obvious it was going to happen the day after this season ended ; they merely fast-forwarded the inevitable .
Considering their track record with general managers , any time they fire one of them it is big news . Still , parting ways with Jerry Reese was clearly on the docket as the season continued to slide away . Doing it the same day as McAdoo was unfortunate . Reese was in his 11th year as the general manager and 22nd year in the organization . His résumé includes two Super Bowl titles as the GM . That he was lumped in with McAdoo 's brief tenure was not the way it should have been .
Players were not shocked by these moves . They need to be shocked . You want bold ? Cutting Eli Apple would be bold .
This is not a plea for this to happen . Apple is 22 years old and looks the part of a prototype big , athletic cornerback . He is a first-round draft pick , and that status almost always protects a player , often longer than such protection is warranted . With three games remaining in a 3-11 season , why make any drastic decisions ? It is reasonable to expect the Giants will wait for the complete carnage and final indignities to officially stamp the season as over and done with before sifting through the rubble for salvageable scraps .
Still , this dance they are doing with Apple is getting silly . He looked bigger and stronger in the summer and seemed primed for a big second season . Instead , the Giants are wondering if he is a part of their plans . The coaching staff does not like his practice habits . He was benched — no matter what the Giants called the move — for the first three defensive series against the Chargers and afterward complained about the “ culture '' of the team as the real problem .
The Post learned Apple twice nearly walked out of the team facility after he was heavily criticized in a film session for two plays in particular in the loss to the 49ers . He missed the next two days of practice leading up to the Chiefs game , as his mother was about to undergo brain surgery , and was inactive not only for that game but also the Thanksgiving night game in Washington . The Post reported Apple was not in uniform against the Redskins because the Giants were concerned about his physical and mental state of being .
see also Eli Apple celebrates Giants getting torched The bad news for Eli Apple : He was inactive again ...
Apple came up with hip and back issues and was not activated in Oakland . Apple said he was fine and ready to play but was again not activated to play against the Cowboys . Instead , he posted tweets during the game , a violation of NFL rules , retweeting an Ohio State fan site praising his former Buckeyes teammate , Rod Smith , for an 81-yard touchdown reception . When a follower asked why Apple was not playing , he tweeted back , “ I 'm too healthy . ''
Teammates have grown irritated at Apple 's behavior . The coaches and front office see him as immature . He has not been activated for four consecutive games . Spagnuolo said the reason for Apple not being in uniform to face the Cowboys was “ because he just did n't get enough reps during the week . I talked with him earlier . He 's going to be ready to go next week and hopefully we 're up and running . '' Protecting a young player is one thing , but this has gone too far . How the Giants have handled Apple has not worked .
The Giants used Ross Cockrell and Brandon Dixon as starters at cornerback , and both played all 63 defensive snaps in the 30-10 loss to the Cowboys . Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie played 25 snaps , and the roster is so depleted he had to be used for 19 snaps on special teams , not ideal for a 31-year-old . Darryl Morris , a 27-year-old who has kicked around in the NFL , played 21 snaps . It is not as if the Giants do not need Apple . Reese , the man who made Apple the 10th-overall pick in the 2016 draft , is no longer employed by the team . There are two paths here . Get Apple back on the field and give him a three-game audition to clean up his act , or stop treading so lightly and suspend him or release him to send a message .
More musings coming out of loss No . 11 :
see also Steve Spagnuolo points the finger where McAdoo would n't Amid the silence of a devastated Giants locker room , Steve ...
— Steve Spagnuolo is a great guy , but let 's get real : This is not a four-game audition for him . Ownership is not thinking in that direction , and the next head coach will not come from inside the building . Spagnuolo will move on and land elsewhere , as there will be plenty of coaching changes and thus loads of new staffs in need of assembling . His body of work as a defensive coordinator is an interesting blend of high highs and low lows . This year 's injury-riddled unit is last in the NFL and unable to prevent big plays . He blamed himself for two blitz calls that swung open the gate for huge plays for the Cowboys .
Spagnuolo got the interim label and made some changes to the players ' schedule , but he is staying in his lane . He is not tinkering with the offense . He certainly did not go boldly into his first game trying to impress anyone with his verve . He was , in fact , too conservative , desperately trying to keep a close game as close as possible , which he did , for three quarters . Spagnuolo has one game down and three to go before this is all over with .
— Brandon Dixon might be the new face of the Giants . Well , not really , but he played all 63 snaps on defense against the Cowboys , and this is all anyone needs to know about the state of the Giants . Dixon , 27 , is no kid . He was a sixth-round pick of the Jets in 2014 out of Northwest Missouri State but did not make the team . He 's kicked around with the Buccaneers , Seahawks , Colts , Patriots , Saints and Steelers before landing with the Giants in October . If someone wants to write a book about the life of a practice-squad player , Dixon could offer expert commentary .
He played in 14 games as a reserve for the Bucs in 2014 and none until the Giants signed him off their practice squad two weeks ago . He made his Giants debut and got his first NFL start last week in Oakland . He competed hard and looked as if he belonged . This week , he was assigned mostly to deal with Dez Bryant and made Bryant work , allowing only two receptions on four targets . The one that will be remembered , of course , is the 50-yard touchdown , with Bryant barely beating Dixon 8 yards down the field , securing the ball and then breaking free of Dixon to complete the catch-and-run scoring play . Overall , Dixon was targeted nine times in the game and allowed four catches for 66 yards and one touchdown , according to PFF . Take out the one big play against him and Dixon was more than credible .
This is what the Giants are working with now . Dixon was not in the league when the Giants signed him . Now he 's a starting cornerback for them .
“ I 'll tell you what , '' Spagnuolo said . “ Brandon Dixon , to me , has played really good football . Now , he 's going to feel bad about the one play at the end of the half . But he 's battling out there . We got him late . ''
Speaking of Dixon and another late addition , Darryl Morris , Spagnuolo said : “ Both those guys . They did n't go through any OTAs , they did n't go through any training camp and , yet , they 've really been pros about everything and they compete . You ca n't ask for much more than that . ''
Such is the state of the 2017 New York Giants .
MOSCOW - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov met North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a visit to Pyongyang on Thursday , Russian news agencies reported citing a delegation source .
Lavrov traveled to North Korea on Thursday and was due to hold talks with counterpart Ri Yong Ho about the situation on the Korean peninsula .
Lavrov 's trip is taking place ahead of a possible summit between US President Donald Trump and the North Korean leader next month .
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
When a man named Eduardo served a margarita to an “ Asian-looking ” man on a remote beach in the small surfer town of Sayulita , Mexico he had no idea the man he was serving was dead .
At least , officially .
For years , Patrick McDermott , the man most famous as Olivia Newton-John 's on again , off again boyfriend , is said to have been hiding out in the rural beach village on Mexico 's Pacific coast , 12 years after he purportedly drowned after disappearing at sea in 2005 .
McDermott 's story is full of twists , turns , mystery , and intrigue .
Newton-John had been dating McDermott for nine years when he disappeared during a fishing trip in San Pedro , California on 30 June 2005 . He was last seen on the fishing boat , Freedom , but none of the 22 passengers saw him go overboard . His wallet and personal effects were found on board , but there was no body .
Red flags waved when McDermott 's outstanding financial problems were investigated — including owing child support fees and a bankruptcy in 2000 where he owed $ 31,000 to creditors — and rumors began to circulate that McDermott had staged his death to cash in on a $ 100,000 life insurance policy .
But then reports began to surface citing a bigger mystery than previously pondered . For over a decade , speculation has been rife as to the real story of McDermott 's “ death ” — and to this day , authorities have not yet ruled , or investigated the case thoroughly .
And herein lies our point ; faking your own death is n't as easy as it seems .
Drowning is so passe
“ You ca n't practice faking your own death , ” Elizabeth Greenwood , who faked her own death in 2013 , told the Criminal podcast .
“ There 's no dry run you can do , which is part of the difficulty , so the how-tos are gleaned from people 's missteps and misfortunes . ”
Drowning is a leading fake cause of death , but authorities are also well aware of that fact . The problem with drownings is that a body will usually wash up after a few days . When this does n't happen , police become suspicious .
“ Everyone who considers it figures they 'll fake a drowning , not realizing that 's a red flag and that most bodies do eventually wash up , ” Greenwood told Slate .
How to get away with your own death
“ What I heard time and again , people suggest going for a hike and never coming back , ” Greenwood said .
“ Lots of people , unfortunately , disappear hiking , it is something that happens and it 's open-ended . No one knows quite what happened . Did you get kidnapped ? Did you tumble down a ravine ? Were you eaten by a mountain lion ? ”
Steven Rambam spends his time hunting down missing persons , or people who have “ inappropriately disappeared ” as he calls it . Hired by families or insurance companies , he tells loved ones only to believe their beloved is dead when they see the body .
He says the first thing you have to do is “ pick up and go. ” He says Canada is a good choice to flee .
“ You have to already have your new identity in your hand and it has to be an identity that 's been alive a while . You ca n't suddenly just become Lauren Bacall tomorrow . ”
“ A common name is a really good defense against a lot of investigator tools . If you are Jose Rodriguez , you 're a nightmare to investigators . ”
Is it legal ?
Faking one 's death is not illegal in and of itself , but the mechanics involved are .
“ You 'd have to lie to the police , and file a false police report and death certificate , ” Rambam told Greenwood .
The problem is that without a death certificate , insurance companies can wait seven years to release any money to loved ones , and in order to produce a death certificate , a body is usually required . The more you travel down the bureaucratic process , the bigger the need to lie .
“ It takes a lot of thought , and you just have to be able to live very modestly . The second you even try to get a library card in someone else 's name you 're committing fraud , ” Greenwood said .
Where is the best place to fake your own death ?
Private investigator Keith Schafferius told News.com.au in 2013 that he knew of Australians who had successfully faked their deaths in Brisbane , off Stradbroke Island and in the Philippines .
In fact , when Greenwood began researching her own death , she bought a plane ticket and began her research in the Philippines .
“ Not to single out the Philippines , but it 's one that I heard mentioned again and again . I 'd read newspaper articles dating back to the ‘ 80s mentioning these black market morgues in Manila where people would go in and purchase an unclaimed body to then cremate . ”
Finding a body
“ You can just go into any city morgue in almost any developing country , ask to see the unclaimed bodies , and cry , ‘ Oh , it 's poor Uncle Marco ! ' They 'll be happy to get a body off their hands , ” Rambam tells Greenwood .
The Philippines is “ a place with a very robust infrastructure for supporting these frauds in the form of black-market morgues . You can find a body to cremate and pass off as your own . They sell full on “ death kits , ” according to Greenwood .
How much does it cost ?
“ The price I heard quoted to me if you wanted to fake your death somewhere like the Philippines , including getting your cadaver , getting your documents , the whole thing , is about $ 5,000 , which does n't seem like a tremendous amount of money if you think about it , ” said Greenwood .
Greenwood told Vice it was in Manila that she purchased a “ death kit , ” which is “ basically anything you 'd need to fake your death . Your death certificate , your statements from witnesses who saw your ‘ accident , ' to the fake autopsy report . ”
“ I found two incredible local guys there who helped me obtain my own death certificate from a mole they have working inside one of the government agencies . It was based on a false police report with fake witness names making fake witness statements detailing my [ traffic ] accident . That 's how I did it . ”
“ But I never filed a report with the US Embassy to make it official . It would have cost $ 500 ; probably cheaper [ if I 'd given them more advance notice ] . It was much easier than I thought it would be . ”
The consequences of faking your death
“ If you want to be a successful missing person , you 've got to be on the job every minute of every day for the rest of your life . It 's a real job . ”
Greenwood says insurance companies are well resourced to make sure they are n't taken for granted , and Rambam 's job is to find you ; so do n't expect to disappear overnight and that be that .
“ Their burden of proof is not to show that you 're alive ; it 's to show that you 're not dead . They do n't have to find you , but they have to prove that the documents you submitted were false , that this witness 's testimony was bulls–t . ”
The number one thing people ca n't prepare for , Rambam says , is not moving on from their former lives and the people they love .
Buying a fake police report , or a death certificate , even finding a body , that 's what they call the easy part . The real challenge , according to the Criminal podcast , is life after death .
“ It 's awfully hard to leave yourself behind , even when you want to , ” Rambam says .
“ That 's big mistake number one . They do n't change their lives , they keep in touch with old friends , they move to an old town , it 's not necessarily a mistake , it 's being human . You love your parents , you love your kids . You ca n't conceive giving up your entire life and everything you care about .
“ That 's what you have to do to successfully disappear . You have to give up everything that makes you , you .
“ I can make a thousand mistakes if I 'm hunting for you and still find you . If you make one mistake , you 're finished . I 'll spot it . I 'll catch you . ”
Advances in technology
With the dawn of the modern age fast upon us , there are less technical ways of declaring yourself dead , along with the added bonus of wiping any online history .
One Australian claims all it takes is a few HTML skills to clear the skeletons out of your closet .
Security researcher Chris Rock found that “ declaring someone legally dead is quite a straight forward process in Australia , ” according to Lifehacker.com .
Rock says all it takes is a few simple clicks and a little bit of research . You can find the how-to here .
In a nutshell , how to fake your own death
Decide how you 're going to go ( the simpler the exit , the better ) Do n't drown . A drowned body always shows up eventually Disappearing while hiking is a good way to die Make a plan for your afterlife Cut all ties to family and friends , and never come back Never Google yourself Crosscheck phony documents with standard ones Avoid staged funerals Developing countries are fertile ground for corruption and people willing to assist your death fraud
Germany is officially on site at Strzegom for the European Eventing Championships ! Ingrid Klimke and Horseware Hale Bob are fresh of their Aachen win , so they definitely have momentum for a big weekend ahead . Dressage will begin on Thursday , and you can watch the live stream on FEI TV .
# WylieWatch : Track Leslie Wylie in the Mongol Derby !
National Holiday : National Relaxation Day
Events Opening This Week : Larkin Hill H.T . ( NY , A-1 ) Stable View Advanced Oktoberfest Horse Trials ( SC , A-3 ) Fair Hill International CCI * * * / * * ( MD , A-2 ) Morven Park Fall International H.T . & CIC * / * * / * * * ( VA , A-2 ) Woodland Stallion Station H.T . ( CA , A-6 ) University of New Hampshire H.T . ( NH , A-1 ) ESDCTA New Jersey H.T . at the Horsepark ( NJ , A-2 ) Carolina Horse Park Young Event Horse Competition ( NC , A-2 ) 3rd Annual Fall Spokane Sport Horse Farm H.T . ( WA , A-7 ) Jump Start H.T . ( KY , A-8 )
Events Closing This Week : Park Equine KY Classique H.T . ( KY , A-8 ) USEA AEC , Adequan Gold Cup Finals , and ATC Finals ( NC , A-2 ) Silverwood Farm H.T . ( WI , A-4 ) Seneca Valley Pony Club H.T . ( MD , A-2 )
Tuesday News and Notes :
Turn on the forehand is a big learning curve for a young horse . But Meghan Truppner says it is an important submission question . She starts their introduction to this on the ground to gradually introduce the concept . [ Introduce Turn on the Forehand to Your Young Horse ]
Barn fires are a horse owner 's worst nightmare . And unfortunately , hay can be easily ignited . There are many steps you can take to protect your horses and your barn , including safer hay storage . [ Do n't Let Your Horse Hay Go Up In Flames ]
EN knows how therapeutic horses can be , and the rest of the world is figuring it out too . The U.S. House of Representatives recently approved an amendment to increase funding for the Veteran 's Affairs Adaptive Sports Grant for equine-assisted therapy for $ 5,000,000 [ House Approves $ 5M for Equine-Assisted Therapy Aid to Veterans ]
Tuesday Video : Before you know it , it will be time for our fall three-days ! Fair Hill entires open today :
You 'll love the new 'Blade Runner ' — unless you 're a woman If you have two X chromosomes , or know and like someone who does , “ Blade Runner 2049 ” may not be the movie for you . Female characters get the short end of ...
The capitalist curse is n't what you think The Wall Street Journal recently reported on the “ Blade Runner ” curse . If you 're familiar with the 1982 sci-fi cult classic , constantly reissued in some new “ director 's cut ” or “ special edition , ” ...
Pistorius took 'acting lessons ' before crying on stand Blubbering “ Blade Runner ” Oscar Pistorius took acting lessons before testifying at his murder trial , according to a new report . The once-beloved Olympian — who regularly broke down in wailing sobs ...
When the news broke this past Tuesday that Marchesa had canceled its New York Fashion Week runway show , originally slated for Feb. 14 , no one was shocked .
The only question was : What made the label , designed by Keren Craig and Georgina Chapman , the estranged wife of Harvey Weinstein — Public Enemy No . 1 of the # MeToo age — ever think a show was a good idea ?
Offering one glimmer of hope might have been Anna Wintour , the editor-in-chief of Vogue and artistic director of Condé Nast . A source close to the Marchesa brand tells The Post that Vogue stylists have called in Marchesa clothing for a photo shoot to run in the March issue .
That same source says the label 's NYFW show was never a sure thing , but rather something for which it hurt to admit defeat .
“ Marchesa 's been on the [ NYFW ] calendar for years , so the date was printed automatically . [ Craig and Chapman ] did n't want to cancel since time slots are competitive . They 'd been afraid to cancel it before for fear of bad press . ”
Chapman and Craig dragged their feet in hopes that the Weinstein-related furor might die down — especially since Chapman announced she had left the Hollywood producer less than a week after the New York Times broke accusations of him having raped and sexually harassed many women . ( Page Six reported that Chapman will receive a $ 15 to $ 20 million settlement in their divorce . )
But the brand realized that not everyone was ready to welcome back a business associated with Weinstein . Although invitations had not gone out , inquiries were coming in .
“ [ Most of the ] requests they had come from gossip columnists and investigative reporters who rarely go to fashion shows , ” said one fashion publicist in the know .
Finally , last week , a spokesperson issued a statement saying Marchesa would show in an “ updated format ” — said to be digital-only .
Even so , the brand 's employees are “ scrambling , ” said a second publicist . “ They have no idea what this ‘ digital presentation ' will be . But there was no way that runway show was going to go on . It was wishful thinking . ”
In the past , Marchesa 's NYFW shows have been attended by the likes of Katie Holmes , Mandy Moore , Anna Kendrick , Kim Kardashian and Kanye West — and always Wintour , who typically sat next to Weinstein in the front row .
But with actresses turning away from the brand during awards season , it was unlikely any would have supported Marchesa at NYFW . Stories that Weinstein had bullied stars of his movies into wearing the brand on past red carpets did n't help .
“ He ruined her life and he might have ruined the brand , ” said a Chapman friend .
see also Everybody is running for the exits at Marchesa The future of Marchesa is in question — and it 's ...
A former NYFW executive suggests that Marchesa should n't throw in the towel once and for all : “ [ Weinstein 's ] a pig — but why should [ Chapman ] suffer ? This cancellation [ was ] the wisest decision . Just step back and wait for the storm to wane . ”
Those close to Chapman are frustrated that she is being held in any way responsible for her ex 's behavior .
“ I think she knew [ he ] cheated , ” said one insider , “ but she did n't know he assaulted people . I think she looked the other way in terms of infidelity . Is n't that what women married to celebrity alpha males do ? ”
Sources say Chapman and Weinstein have barely had any communication since October , when he entered rehab in Arizona and she flew to London with their two children .
“ She 's done , ” said the friend . “ She 's only spoken to him when absolutely necessary , to discuss money . There 's . . . not going to be any forgiveness — no matter what he thinks . ”
Sprightly May Fox still does word searches , and plays dominoes and Jenga every day at the grand age of 103 .
May , who was born in 1914 when the First World War started , is believed to be Flintshire 's oldest resident and she 's looking forward to her 104th birthday in May .
She moved to live at the Warrendale Cottage Residential Care Home in Broughton just over a year ago , little knowing she was about to be reunited with her niece , Hilda Dodd .
Hilda said : “ I was relaxing in the lounge where newcomers are always brought in to meet existing residents , but it still did n't click with me when I saw May coming through the door . I thought she must have popped in for a visit . Then she said she 'd come to live here .
“ Neither of us had realised we were about to end up living in the same place . We were thrilled . ”
Now the two beloved relatives are inseparable . They sit together most days , happily chatting and are always ready to join in the home 's fun leisure activities or reminisce with fellow residents .
Warrendale Cottage director Sarah Kirby said : “ We 're all thrilled to have two such lively personalities here . They are remarkable for their ages and we ca n't wait for May 's 104th birthday . It will be an occasion to remember . ”
For May and Hilda life has come full circle for they grew up just two streets away from each other in Chester . Hilda lived in Cuppin Street and May in Lower Bridge Street .
“ Now we 're closer than ever ! ” laughed Hilda , who was May 's bridesmaid when she got married .
They say their longevity is down to ‘ good genes ' . May has a 93-year-old sister living at a residential home in Hope and their mother also lived to the great age of 103 .
May 's full name is Alice Margaret May but she likes to be called May , having been named after the month of her birth . She will be 104 on May 1 .
May joked : “ They 've even made it a bank holiday – specially for me ! I 'm not sure what I 'll be doing this year , but I expect the family will come in
to visit . ”
That will include her son , Geoffrey , two grandchildren and five great grandchildren .
May 's husband , Thomas , was a plumber and lived to 98 . He died shortly after May 's 100th birthday .
In her younger years May worked as a shorthand typist with a plumber 's merchants . She was also a keen badminton player and sang in the choir at the Church of St Mary-on-the-Hill , Chester .
Hilda is also full of energy , having been a keen walker in her youth . She took up bowls in her eighties and was Broughton ladies champion at the age of 89 .
“ I gave up when I reached 90 , ” she said . “ But I still think it 's important to stay mobile . Keeping active keeps you young . In my head I still feel like I 'm in my twenties , but my body is not quite so convinced . ”
Hilda is a familiar face in Broughton after she was interviewed by BBC television documentary makers about her job at Vickers Armstrong aircraft factory , making Wellington bombers during World War Two .
She was the first woman recruited by the aircraft manufacturers .
“ They still put that interview on the telly now and again . I 've seen it loads of times , ” she said .
Hilda went on to work at John Summers steelworks , Deeside , as a ‘ flopper ' at first , then a ‘ catcher . '
She said : “ Women had to take on what were traditionally men 's jobs during the war years , and after the war ended many of them stayed on in those roles . ”
Hilda 's late husband Percy also worked for John Summers after serving with the Royal Navy . They had a son , Peter , and today Hilda is a great-grandmother .
Hilda and May say they love life at Warrendale Cottage . Among their favourite activities are the pet therapy sessions when Warrendale director Sarah Kirby brings in her Labrador dog Archie to greet the residents .
Do not adjust your TV set , or the font size on your reading tablet — adjust your eyeglasses instead . The British company Adlens is set to launch a new concept ...
Spray drying processes can deliver particles with precisely controlled size and shape , making the processes extremely valuable for the manufacture of a wide range of products . Selecting , designing and optimizing equipment to meet application-specific needs is crucial for success .
Preci Co. , Ltd. , Tokyo — a process engineering company with cutting-edge spray drying technology that supplies customers in chemical , pharmaceutical and other industries , and also does toll manufacturing — uses particle size and shape data to optimize its spray drying processes . Preci relies on measurements from a Morphologi G3 automated imaging system from Malvern Instruments , Malvern , U.K. Case study data we 'll discuss show how imaging can facilitate tuning process variables to meet requirements and ensure exemplary quality control .
The Merits Of Spray Drying
In the technique , liquid is sprayed or atomized into a drying chamber in which air ( or an inert gas ) drives off the solvent , typically water . The resultant dry material is then classified to give a product of closely defined particle size distribution .
Spray drying processes :
• make highly spherical particles with excellent flow properties ( fluidity ) ;
• operate continuously ; and
• deliver particles/granules with a sharp , stable and closely defined particle size distribution .
These benefits have led manufacturers in many industries to adopt spray drying to make a wide variety of products . Ensuring the desired properties of these materials requires choosing the appropriate atomization technology and optimizing a range of process parameters .
Size Distribution Analyses Figure 1 . Volume-based particle-size-distribution data ( upper graph ) suggest two materials are similar but number-based distribution ( lower graph ) shows a much higher level of fines in the W/Ni/Fe sample .
Preci offers various types of state-of-the-art atomization technology . Core designs include :
Rotary atomizer . A rotating disc applies shear to break up the liquid solution . Droplet size is controlled by the shape and design of the disc and , once that design is fixed , by varying the speed of rotation . This technology especially suits making particles in the 20–200-µm size range ; compared with alternatives , it produces particles with higher sphericity and narrower particle size distributions .
Two-fluid nozzle . Here , the energy for atomization comes from the flow of compressed gas , which is used to drive two-phase flow through and from the nozzle . Manipulating compressed gas pressure ( flow rate ) controls droplet size . Two-fluid nozzles can produce very fine particles , from around 1 to 20 µm , and offer a relatively small footprint process . However , they require a ready supply of large quantities of compressed gas for operation .
Pressure nozzle . Forcing the liquid through one or more orifices under high pressure causes atomization . This simple design features low operating costs and provides significant scope , via orifice selection , to vary the size of granules produced .
Besides atomization technique , the specifics of the liquid solution/slurry determine process performance and the properties of the resulting granules . Key characteristics here include concentration , viscosity , specific gravity , additive content/inclusion ( composition ) and primary particle size distribution ( the dispersion/aggregation state of particle in the feed solution ) . In addition , adjusting the inlet and outlet temperature of the dryer , the feed rate of the liquid and the airflow rate through the dryer can alter granule properties . Timely and informative particle characterization drives the comprehensive optimization of this web of interacting process parameters .
Better Analysis
The shape of granules produced by spray drying plays a vital role in defining their value . These particles generally are more spherical in shape — and thus flow more easily — than those of equivalent size produced by alternative means . As a result , the optimization of spray drying processes calls for analytical technology that offers both size and shape measurement .
YOKOHAMA , Japan -- ( BUSINESS WIRE ) -- May 31 , 2018 -- Mitsubishi Shipbuilding Co. , Ltd. ( Mitsubishi Shipbuilding ) and Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems , Ltd. ( MHPS ) have jointly launched the most advanced SOx abatement system , ACTIVE FUNNEL . It is a funnel which contains an optimally shaped exhaust gas scrubbing structure which reduces sulfur dioxide ( SO 2 ) in the exhaust gas of 3.5 % -sulfur-content fuels to that of 0.1 % -sulfur-content fuels , conforming with newly introduced SOx emissions regulations coming into effect globally as of January 1 , 2020 .
This press release features multimedia . View the full release here : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006607/en/
ACTIVE FUNNEL for Very Large Container Ships ( Photo : Business Wire )
The new and reliable SOx abatement system was developed by combining MHPS ' comprehensive exhaust gas treatment technologies cultivated through providing desulfurization systems for thermal power plants with Mitsubishi Shipbuilding 's marine engineering expertise which has been developed through its long shipbuilding experience . MHPS ' land-based flue gas desulfurization systems have the capacity to treat the equivalent of 7 to 20 times of the emissions from a large size marine diesel engine .
The ACTIVE FUNNEL is most suitable for very large container ships with high exhaust gas emissions and limited installation space for SOx abatement systems . It can desulfurize large amounts of exhaust gas and its flexible design makes it possible to be installed even in narrow spaces between the container holds , while maintaining a vessel 's container capacity . The ACTIVE FUNNEL is also suitable for installation on existing ships since it is provided as one module and has a short retrofitting period .
The ACTIVE FUNNEL which is applicable to both open-loop systems and hybrid systems * 1 provides a traditional funnel with advanced SOx removal function .
Going forward , the product lineup will be expanded by applying the new ACTIVE FUNNEL technology to very large crude carriers ( VLCC : 200,000-310,000 DWT * 2 ) and very large ore carriers ( VLOC ) .
When new SOx emissions regulations come into effect , the ACTIVE FUNNEL is expected to contribute to the further development of environmentally-friendly and economic global marine transportation .
View source version on businesswire.com : https : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006607/en/
CONTACT : PRESS CONTACT :
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries , Ltd .
James Bennett , +81- ( 0 ) 3-6716-2168
Global Marketing Communications Manager
mediacontact_global @ mhi.co.jp
Fax : +81- ( 0 ) 3-6716-5860
KEYWORD : ASIA PACIFIC JAPAN
INDUSTRY KEYWORD : TECHNOLOGY HARDWARE TRANSPORT MARITIME OTHER TRANSPORT MANUFACTURING ENGINEERING OTHER MANUFACTURING ENVIRONMENT
SOURCE : Mitsubishi Heavy Industries , Ltd .
Copyright Business Wire 2018 .
PUB : 05/31/2018 02:00 AM/DISC : 05/31/2018 02:00 AM
http : //www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006607/en
NEW YORK — Actress Uma Thurman , in long-awaited remarks , has accused embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing himself upon her sexually and accused “ Kill Bill ” director Quentin Tarantino of making her perform a dangerous car stunt that injured her .
Thurman 's allegations against Weinstein had been widely anticipated since she hinted late last year that she had a story to tell about the beleaguered movie mogul , who has been accused of sexual misconduct against many women , but wanted to wait until she was less angry . Her story came in an interview with New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd .
“ I used the word ‘ anger , ' but I was more worried about crying , to tell you the truth , ” Thurman said in the Times article . “ I was not a groundbreaker on a story I knew to be true . So what you really saw was a person buying time . ”
Thurman told Dowd that an early encounter with Weinstein in a Paris hotel room in the 1990s ended with him suddenly appearing in a bathrobe and leading her to a steam room but that the first “ attack ” — the word appears in quotes — happened later in London .
“ He pushed me down , ” she said . “ He tried to shove himself on me . He tried to expose himself . He did all kinds of unpleasant things . But he did n't actually put his back into it and force me . You 're like an animal wriggling away , like a lizard . ”
Later , she alleged , she arranged a meeting with Weinstein and warned him : “ If you do what you did to me to other people you will lose your career , your reputation and your family , I promise you . ”
The Times article says Thurman 's memory of the Weinstein encounter stops there , but it quotes a friend who was waiting downstairs as saying Thurman emerged from an elevator disheveled and shaking .
“ Her eyes were crazy , and she was totally out of control , ” said the friend , Ilona Herman .
When Thurman was able to talk again , Herman said , she revealed that Weinstein , who was one of the most powerful men in Hollywood , had threatened to derail her career .
A representative for Thurman , Leslie Sloane , responded to an Associated Press request for more details on all the encounters by saying only : “ The article speaks for itself . ”
Weinstein , the executive producer of award-winning movies including Matt Damon and Ben Affleck 's “ Good Will Hunting ” and Tarantino 's “ Pulp Fiction , ” acknowledged making an “ awkward pass ” at Thurman but denied physical assault and emphasized a longstanding professional relationship with her .
“ Mr . Weinstein acknowledges making an awkward pass 25 years ago at Ms. Thurman in England after misreading her signals , after a flirtatious exchange in Paris , for which he immediately apologized and deeply regrets , ” his representative Holly Baird said in an emailed statement . “ However , her claims about being physically assaulted are untrue . ”
The statement questioned why Thurman waited 25 years to make her allegations public and said numerous photographs show Thurman and Weinstein had a “ strong relationship ” for many years .
Thurman , one of the stars of “ Pulp Fiction , ” also was quoted as saying that just before shooting began on Tarantino 's “ Kill Bill : Vol . 1 , ” which came out in 2003 , she told Tarantino about Weinstein and he confronted the mogul , leading him to apologize .
But Thurman also described a harrowing onset episode on location in Mexico in which Tarantino ignored her expressed fears of driving a car that she had been warned might be faulty .
Tarantino persuaded her to do it , the article said , quoting him as saying , “ Hit 40 miles per hour or your hair wo n't blow the right way and I 'll make you do it again . ”
Video accompanying the article online shows Thurman struggling to control the car and crashing into a tree .
Thurman said in the article “ that was a deathbox that I was in , ” the seat “ was n't screwed down properly ” and the sand road “ was not a straight road. ” She said that after the crash she left a hospital in a neck brace with damaged knees and a concussion .
Tarantino 's representatives did not respond to the AP 's request for comment . The Times also did not get a response , according to the article .
Weinstein , who has been accused by scores of women of sexual assault or harassment , was fired by the film company he founded with his brother and was expelled from Hollywood 's movie academy . He has apologized for causing “ a lot of pain ” with “ the way I 've behaved with colleagues in the past ” but has denied “ any allegations of non-consensual sex . ”
Darren O'Neill is hoping to go out on top in what might be his final major boxing championships as a fighter .
The former Olympian will be part of a nine-strong Irish team that takes part in the European Elite Men 's European Championships , which starts in Ukraine on Friday - the draw takes place this morning - and run until June 25 .
The 31-year-old admits that he will more than likely pack in competitive boxing at the end of this year and knows that the euros could be his last hurrah .
`` This is the swan song really , '' said the Kilkenny man , who was Irish team captain at the 2012 London Olympic Games .
`` I was going to step away from it a few years ago but I said to myself that I 'd go to a few of the majors and enjoy myself . I did that ; I went to the European Games , European Championships , the qualifiers and the whole lot and I enjoyed it since .
`` I 'm going to keep enjoying it this year - I 'm going to the European Championships and they 'll probably be my last Europeans . I 've had a great journey and would n't it be magical to go out on top ?
`` That 's what I 'm hoping to do . If I get a good draw and perform well I 'm quite confident I can do well . I 'm going to enjoy the experience . ''
If O'Neill , who stepped up in weight from light heavy to heavyweight in recent times , gets into the last eight of the euros he will automatically qualify for the world championships later this year - and that 's where he dreams of bowing out .
`` I 'd love to go back to another world championships , '' he said . `` They are at the end of this year and to get there I 'd have to make the top eight in the Europeans .
`` I read recently that it 's 70 or more years since Ireland won a major medal at either heavy or super heavyweight so it would be nice to put an end to that . I 'm going to perform and enjoy it . ''
O'Neill after another win
The squad of fighters leaves behind boardroom turmoil in the Irish Athletic Boxing Association and O'Neill has been critical of the sport 's governing body in the past , but currently he he only has room in his mind for the euros .
He is a qualified primary school teacher and he worked in the classroom for years before deciding to concentrate full-time on boxing .
He has earned further qualifications since , though he still has n't decided what career path he wants to follow when he hangs up his gloves for the final time .
`` I 'm sick of thinking of life after boxing and I still have no idea of where I 'm going ! '' he laughed , speaking to RTÉ Sport . `` I 'm a qualified primary school teacher and just last year I qualified with a masters in business admin so I have the MBA letters after the name as well .
`` How I 'm going to utilise those , I 'm not sure . I 'm open to everything and anything so if there is anyone out there looking to give me a job they 're more than welcome to get in touch !
`` The eye has been on the future for the last few years , but what exact area I 'll delve into I 'm not sure .
`` Obviously I 'd love to stay in sport , but I 'm open to all avenues . Having had experience in such high-pressure environments for so long I think I can excel and adapt to whatever area I get into .
`` Within sport you have to be a quick learner and with a background in teaching and a masters in business behind me I 'm well positioned to transition into life after sport . ''
The White House has already promised to preserve all of President Donald Trump 's tweets — even those he 's deleted — but Democratic Rep. Mike Quigley of Illinois wants to make sure it follows through .
Quigley , who represents parts of Chicago , introduced the `` Communications Over Various Feeds Electronically For Engagement '' Act on Monday , designed to amend the Presidential Records Act to categorize social media posts as official presidential communications that must be preserved for posterity .
In case you did n't notice , the bill 's acronym is COVFEFE — after the president 's mysterious May 31 tweet ( since deleted ) reading : `` Despite the constant negative press covfefe . ''
Trump later tweeted ( and did n't delete ) : `` Who can figure out the true meaning of 'covfefe ' ? ? ? Enjoy ! '' And White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told a journalist at an off-camera briefing that day that `` a small group of people know exactly what he meant . ''
Donald Trump on his mobile phone during a campaign stop in North Charleston , S.C. , in February 2016 . Matt Rourke / AP
Most observers believe Trump was simply misspelling the word `` coverage . ''
`` The name might be silly , but the issue 's really important and serious , '' Quigley 's spokeswoman , Tara Vales , told NBC News .
Like most matters presidential , Trump 's use of Twitter is a subject of much controversy , especially after Spicer said last week that Trump 's tweets should be regarded as official statements of policy .
On Monday , a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals took Spicer up on his offer . It cited Spicer 's statement in its unanimous decision upholding a lower-court decision to block Trump 's executive order to temporarily block entry into the United States by travelers from six mostly Muslim countries .
The court then went on to cite Trump 's tweet last week declaring that `` we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries '' as support for actually regarding the order as a blanket , and likely unconstitutional , `` travel ban . ''
That 's right , we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries , not some politically correct term that wo n't help us protect our people ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) June 6 , 2017
In April , the National Archives , which in 2014 declared that presidential social media posts should be handled as official documents , said it had been reassured by the White House that it 's saving all of Trump 's tweets .
But it remains unclear whether that policy applies to his personal account , @ realDonaldTrump , in addition to his official account , @ POTUS . Quigley 's COVFEFE ACT would make that interpretation federal law .
`` Tweets are powerful , and the president must be held accountable for every post , '' Quigley said in a statement .
Related : President 's Twitter Account Should Not Block Users , First Amendment Lawyers Argue
More to the point , Vales told NBC News , Twitter is `` where the president goes to make a lot of his public policy proposals . ''
`` When the president deletes a tweet , it is the equivalent of him destroying a record , '' she said .
Quigley is co-chairman of the Congressional Transparency Caucus , and `` he would hope that anyone committed to those principles '' would be on board , regardless of party , she said .
'Tweets are powerful , and the president must be held accountable for every post , ' said Rep. Mike Quigley , D-Illinois , the bill 's sponsor . Bill Clark / CQ-Roll Call Inc. - file
The nonprofit journalism site ProPublica independently archives tweets deleted by hundreds of elected officials — including Trump . Its database shows that the president has deleted 19 tweets from @ realDonaldTrump since he was inaugurated on Jan. 20 .
The great majority of the deleted tweets are relatively innocuous messages that appear to have been killed and quickly replaced to correct spelling errors or to add links to relevant material . ( For example , on May 12 , Trump gnomically tweeted and then deleted the single word `` we . '' )
But a handful have addressed contentious policy issues , raising questions about Trump 's motive for deleting them . Most prominent was this tweet on May 4 : `` An honor to host President Mahmoud Abbas at the WH today . Hopefully , something terrific could come out it between the Palestinians & Israel . ''
That tweet stayed up for 13 hours before it was deleted , with no replacement .
It turns out that Quigley 's congressional account , @ RepMikeQuigley , has deleted seven tweets of its own this year — including one on Monday promoting the COVFEFE ACT . According to ProPublica 's database , however , all were quickly replaced , apparently to correct misspellings and add links .
( ProPublica is an investigative partner of NBC News . )
And in case you were wondering , Vales was finally able to clear up a question that has plagued analysts and newsreaders since May 31 .
According to Quigley , she said , it 's pronounced `` coe-FEFF-feh . ''
Here 's a guide on how a taxpayer can submit returns and make payments to the South African Revenue Services .
Brand South Africa reporter
Help with tax-related problems or complaints , as well as a range of online resources to help you submit your returns and make payments to the Receiver of Revenue .
Tax problems and complaints
The South African Revenue Services ( SARS ) subscribes to a service charter . However , taxpayers sometimes do not get the service they want . Issues that SARS will address include those relating to delays in processing returns , decision making and the correction of administrative mistakes , failure to provide reasons for making an adjustment to a return , failure to respond to queries , objections and appeals , as well as the conduct and attitude of SARS staff .
If you have a problem , you should first contact your local SARS branch office . If the dispute remains unresolved , then raise the issue with SARS by :
TORONTO — Major League Baseball commissioner Rob Manfred said Tuesday that Rogers Centre is in need of an update .
The downtown stadium has been the Toronto Blue Jays ' home since June 1989 .
`` The stadium when it was built was a great building , one of our best , '' Manfred said . `` I think given the passage of time , the building is probably out of date in terms of the amenities that are available in many of our ballparks . The physical design of the stadium — so many of our stadiums have millennial areas , things like that , that have been built and become more popular more recently .
`` So while the building is fundamentally sound , I think it needs an update to make it as economically viable as possible . ''
Manfred , who held a media availability before the Jays ' game against the Boston Red Sox , said the stadium issue was a talking point during his meeting with team president Mark Shapiro earlier in the day .
The commissioner planned to meet later Tuesday with chairman Edwards Rogers and representatives from team owner Rogers Communications Inc .
`` It 's really a local matter , '' Manfred said . `` It 's something that ownership and Mark have to work through in terms of the size of the investment . I do know that there 's limited premium seating in this facility .
`` I think in a market as robust as Toronto , if it were my club I 'd probably want a lot more than you have . ''
There have been a few changes around the ballpark in recent years , including the addition of a standing-room viewing area above the centre-field wall and the installation of a traditional dirt infield .
There is no timeline in place for when the team might unveil potential renovation plans for the 49,286-seat venue .
SEOUL - North Korea 's state-run news agency said Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov arrived in the North on Thursday at the invitation of North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho .
The report did not elaborate on what Lavrov would be doing during his visit in North Korea .
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
More Videos 1:30 Bird's-eye view from the largest traveling Ferris wheel in America Pause 1:03 Man strapped to back board after being hit by vehicle at Macon high-rise 0:40 Irma winds blow tree against Stanislaus home 0:08 Tropical depression forms off coast of Nicaragua 1:16 Macon-Bibb Transit Authority wins grant for two electric buses 1:32 She had no risk factors . But at 33 , she was diagnosed with breast cancer 3:57 Cop Shop Podcast : Teen son wants brandy , mom says no , Chihuahua yaps 2:01 Eason gets injured , Fromm leads Georgia to victory 1:34 Lorenzo Carter : 'We play old-school football ' 0:26 Large distribution center possibly for Amazon Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Man strapped to back board after being hit by vehicle at Macon high-rise A man was hit by a vehicle just before noon Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 , behind St. Paul Apartments on Macon 's Forsyth Street . Bibb County sheriff 's deputies are investigating , but Arsenio Barnwell was not seriously hurt . A man was hit by a vehicle just before noon Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 , behind St. Paul Apartments on Macon 's Forsyth Street . Bibb County sheriff 's deputies are investigating , but Arsenio Barnwell was not seriously hurt . Liz Fabian The Telegraph
A man was hit by a vehicle just before noon Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 , behind St. Paul Apartments on Macon 's Forsyth Street . Bibb County sheriff 's deputies are investigating , but Arsenio Barnwell was not seriously hurt . Liz Fabian The Telegraph
67-year-old Pati Mestas was a mother , grandmother , and great-grandmother who loved country music and spending time with her family , the Riverside Press Enterprise said on Tuesday . One of her favorite artists was Jason Aldean , who was performing when the shooting broke out at the Route 91 Harvest music festival in Las Vegas .
Her cousin , Tom Smith , described her as a caring parent and faithful Christian : `` She shined . She was vocal and attentive and comforting ... I would categorize her as one of the ideal cousins , a role model . ''
Security forces arrested 17 wanted persons in the West Bank overnight Monday , according to the IDF Spokesperson 's Unit .
Those detained are suspected of being involved in terrorist activities .
A pistol was seized during the arrests .
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
`` You are Melania now . ''
Because this is America in 2018 , Kim Kardashian West met with President Donald Trump to discuss prison reform Wednesday . Kardashian West and her attorney Shawn Holley met with the president but did n't disclose what they discussed . Trump also tweeted a picture of himself and the reality star in the Oval Office , saying it was great to meet with her .
Great meeting with @ KimKardashian today , talked about prison reform and sentencing .
Now if you 're wondering , `` What the hell is going on ? '' you were n't alone .
And Kardashian West has an explanation ; she tweeted Wednesday , `` Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson . Today is for you . '' Johnson is a 62-year-old woman serving a life sentence for a first-time nonviolent drug offense . She would need a presidential pardon to be released , which Kardashian West has been advocating for . She posted a similar caption on her Instagram Story .
Advertisement
Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson . Today is for you 🙏🏼✨
But being that Kardashian West and Trump are such titanic cultural figures , there was a deluge of jokes . So settle in : Melania Trump has n't appeared in public for nearly three weeks , so maybe Kim is Melania now ?
“ You are Melania now . ”
Kim has brought us an end to the diplomatic struggles with North Korea ! Thanks , Kim ! I see the summit with Kim is back on ... https : //t.co/8rQOL47tfB
Advertisement
She 's basically a member of the cabinet now . KIM KARDASHIAN 'S COMING OVER DO N'T TELL JEFF SESSIONS I WANT TO MAKE HER THE NEW ATTORNEY GENERAL ALSO HAVE YOU SEEN MELANIE ? https : //t.co/BryvoLwRlR
MIKE PENCE : this Cabinet meeting is called to order . First on the agenda , North Korea KIM KARDASHIAN : * raises hand * have we considered buying the whole country Hermés handbags ? MIKE PENCE : … JEFF SESSIONS : * from back of room * I like it
`` It 's like Veep meets the Purge . '' “ So , here 's the pitch . It 's a fish out of water story but get this , he 's the president and we have Donald Trump play him . And then , here 's the kicker we have Kim Kardashian play his sassy but still incompetent Chief of staff . It 's like Veep meets The Purge. ” https : //t.co/3EO9V87vAL
But people also had questions . Like , what is going on with her pants ? ?
I 'm not saying @ KimKardashian is sending us a secret message but also what does the embroidery on her pants say ?
Their ~lewks~ inspired jokes , too . And Kardashian West released a line of makeup products this week .
Donald is wearing KKW Beauty foundation in Nonsensical Screaming Papaya and Kim is sporting creme lipstick in Kanye We Need to Talk https : //t.co/zYqZPUK8ka
Most people were surprised that a meeting like this could ever happen , but a few people said they called it . This book by @ richardhine was published in June 2016 https : //t.co/ebyLPgViWC
If you need me , I 'll be wondering which Kardashian will represent the United States at the June summit with North Korea .
Blake Montgomery is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in San Francisco . Contact Blake Montgomery at blake.montgomery @ buzzfeed.com . Got a confidential tip ? Submit it here .
News moves fast . Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email ! Sign up Great ! You 're almost there ! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now !
STILL MUY BONITA - CRI $ IS ROCKS LA ISLA - BUT TOURISM IS BOOMING WHEN a government lockdown put thousands of civil servants out of work in May , travel to Puerto Rico spiked . However , According to tourism officials , the economic nightmare that saw 100,000 ...
SCHOLAR DOLLARS - PROGRAM HELPS KIDS PAY TUITION SCHOLARSHIP winner and Puerto Rican Day parade shining star Angel Ayala of The Bronx is on his way to Yale this fall to study astronomy and physics . At five , he ...
POINTE PLEASANT - QUEENS WATERFRONT GETS FENG SHUI TOWNHOUSES WE 'VE heard of feng shui – a Chinese practice of arranging space and objects to create a more harmonious environment – working in small apartments and office buildings , but on ...
HEY , JUDY - ACTRESS NAVIGATES HOLLYWOOD MINEFIELD OF LATINA STEREOTYPES SOFT-SPOKEN and sweet , Judy Marte is the antithesis of the gritty character she plays in the upcoming indie film , “ On the Outs. ” The moving drama tells the story of three ...
BROOM WITH A VIEW - FORMER PORTER 'CLEANS UP ' AS CEO OF HIS OWN COMPANY BECOMING CEO of the company where you used to work scrubbing toilets may seem like an impossible feat to most people – but not to 36-year-old Brooklynite Michael Rodriguez , who , ...
MAGICAL MARILYN - PUERTO RICAN ACTRESS SPARKES ON STAGE AND SCREEN HARLEM born-and-raised actress Marilyn Torres is n't ‘ t stressing about her role as a maid in the new film “ Bernard and Doris ” – the story of tobacco heiress Doris Duke ...
PEDAL-PUSH PEDDLERS 'AD ' MORE TRAFFIC Look out ! Michael Dudich is about to add yet another wrinkle to New York 's ever-changing and crowded streetscape : bicycle-drawn billboard advertising . The 48-year-old businessman feels the city , which has seen ...
DESIGN OF THE TIMES - QUEENS WHIZ STARTS GRAPHIC BIZ Danny Gonzalez is a Queens boy through-and-through – never taking no for answer and never flinching at a job , whether it 's a small affair or a colossal undertaking . Gonzalez is ...
STAMP AND DELIVER - NEW POSTAL ARTWORK CELEBRATES THE MAGIC OF LATIN DANCE SALSA 'S explosive , swirling moves are caught in a dreamy freeze-frame by artist José Ortega , designer of a U.S. postal stamp that celebrates Latin dance . “ I wanted to get that angle ...
North Miami – The North Miami City Council will induct Rev . Father Reginald Jean-Mary into the Citizens ' Hall of Fame for his plentiful contributions to the North Miami community on Thursday , May 31st .
The ceremony and reception will take place at the Joe Celestin Center , located at 1525 NW 135 Street , North Miami .
“ Fr . Jean-Mary is a dynamic leader whose teachings transcend beyond his parish ” said Councilman Philippe Bien-Aime . “ It is truly an honor to add his name to a list of well-deserved individuals who have impacted the North Miami community through empowerment , guidance and civic engagement . ”
Fr . Jean-Mary currently serves as the lead pastor of Notre Dame D'Haiti Catholic Church in Miami . Under his leadership , Fr . Jean-Mary raised $ 5 million for the construction of a new church building which erected in 2014 . Fr . Jean-Mary was nominated by North Miami Councilman Philippe Bien-Aime as he is a staple in South Florida 's Haitian Community . He is known for his charisma and educational outreach within his parish and the local Haitian-American community .
The event is open to the public . Attendees are encouraged to RSVP to the North Miami Office of the Mayor and Council at 305-895-9815 or 305-895-9818 .
SAN FRANCISCO — Giants reliever Hunter Strickland received a six-game suspension Tuesday and Washington 's Bryce Harper was penalized four games for their roles in a benches-clearing brawl at AT & T Park a day earlier .
Each was also fined an undisclosed amount , Major League Baseball announced Tuesday . MLB said both players planned to appeal , so the suspensions were n't to begin with Tuesday night 's game between the clubs . Joe Garagiola , Jr. , MLB 's senior vice president , typically hears player appeals .
Strickland hit Harper in the hip with a pitch in the eighth inning and the Washington slugger charged the mound , wildly firing his helmet and trading punches to the head with Strickland during the Nationals ' 3-0 win Monday over San Francisco .
MLB chief baseball ffficer Joe Torre 's explanation of the disciplinary decisions said that Strickland had intentionally hit “ Harper with a pitch , inciting the bench-clearing incident and fighting ” while Harper 's suspension came “ for charging the mound , throwing his helmet and fighting . ”
The two players ' bad blood stems from a pair of home runs Harper hit off Strickland in the 2014 playoffs , when the Giants went on to capture their third World Series championship in five years.Harper flung his helmet and they began throwing punches , with the 6-foot-4 Strickland clocking Harper in the face . They then broke apart for a moment before squaring off again . Harper punched Strickland in the head as the benches and bullpens emptied .
Washington led 2-0 Monday with two outs in the eighth inning and none on when Strickland drilled Harper on the first pitch — a 98 mph fastball . Harper immediately pointed his bat at Strickland , yelled at him and took off .
Hard times
What the dickens were José Pekermen 's lads on ? They highlighted the clump in Colombia by collecting six yellow cards during the last 16 match against England . They scraped , scrapped , niggled and harangued the man-in-the-middle to such an extent that many of them seemed fortunate to stay on the pitch . At this point , it is important to hail the World Cup referee selection committee for a sense of vision . Name of the official dealing with the toxicity ? Mark Geiger .
Why , oh why ?
Baffling times indeed . England passes the ball to each other for prolonged periods and win a penalty shootout . All very well and good for England . But really the Colombia fans were poorly served . They bellowed , bounced , danced and sang throughout the 120 minutes and the shootout with an appealing fervour , brightness and joy . They even managed to inject a sense of fun into whistling and howling every time England had the temerity to have the ball . The Colombian players on the pitch did not honour their fans at all .
They were so negative and ugly . It was only as they went in search of an equaliser towards the end of the 90 minutes that they started to play some football that echoed their fans ' resounding exuberance . And in the first 10 minutes or so of extra-time , Columbia were England 's superior . Which begs the question , why did n't they channel their energies and their skills into creating chances in the opposition area ? Real opportunity lost because on the basis of their positivity , they were better than England .
Old school tapes
Colombia 's players must have been watching videos of England 's past . They clearly did not believe England boss Gareth Southgate when he said that his rebooted England team would keep their composure and not resort to pump and circumstance . Perhaps the Colombians thought : “ Yeah , right . You are the one-footed lot . You ca n't help yourselves … and when it comes to penalties … ”
Wrinkles of age
There is a kinky kick the time space continuum . Must be . Because the England team won a penalty shootout . The first time they have done this at a World Cup . The review was there in Gelsenkirchen in 2006 at the World Cup in Germany when England lost to Portugal on penalties in the last eight . Portugal . That seemed so normal . One fan told the review during the train ride back to Cologne . “ It 's so depressing , I ca n't even think about being violent. ” There was unalloyed joy for England 's fans after the shootout at the Spartak Stadium in Moscow . We feel sad though for Jordan Henderson . For a few seconds before his penalty , he spanned new and old . The nexus generation midfielder did a few keepy uppies before planting the ball on the spot . Very now England : poise , process , focus , composure . He missed .
Swede dreams are made of this
“ He 's blonde , he 's quick , his name 's a porno flick , Emmanuel ! Emmanuel ! ” Oh , the evergreen wit of our Arsenal cousins . That little ditty about the Frenchman Emmanuel petit hails from the days when Arsenal won league titles and England 's players had no success in penalty shootouts . Sepia indeed . And after the joy of Spartak , maybe things will change for Arsenal too . Sweden is up next for Gareth Southgate 's England .
The Swedes have n't been in a World Cup quarter-final since 1994 , so they 're hurting even more than England . And they do n't see the need to be frightened of England having seen off several putative big guns such as the Netherlands and Italy on their way to Russia . With Colombia , the Swedes emerged from a group featuring defending champions Germany and South Korea . The Swedes beat Switzerland 1-0 in St Petersburg on day 20 . And they 've got the taste of blood . “ If you start to lower the bar or your ambition , that 's not going to be satisfying , ” said Sweden coach Janne Andersson . `` We 're not satisfied with the quarter-final . We want to win the next match as well. ” But do n't rely on penalties Janne .
You may have heard of food deserts — usually urban areas where the closest full-service grocery store is miles away .
In 2018 , inner-city neighborhoods face an equally pressing problem , according to Felecia Hatcher : `` innovation deserts . ''
Hatcher is the co-founder of Code Fever , a Miami-based nonprofit group dedicated to supporting tech skills in minority communities .
But teaching someone how to code only takes them so far , she says . In order to truly get an idea off the ground , you need a place from which to launch it .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
In February , Hatcher opened the doors to Space Called Tribe ( or simply , Tribe ) , a new co-working space in Overtown , one of Miami 's most famous historically black neighborhoods .
After a long period of neglect , Overtown is starting to gentrify . While some residents remain concerned about what the long-term future of the neighborhood might look like , Tribe is being welcomed . A co-working space provides professionals of any stripe with desk space from which to work or run their business , as well as amenities like coffee and WiFi connection to the Internet — all at a price much lower than what 's found in commercial real estate .
`` For so long , there was not very much here for us , '' said longtime Overtown resident and activist Jackie Bell . `` Now we have an opportunity that will allow us to bring in young African Americans , along with all kinds of other people . ''
On a recent Friday — when Tribe is free for anyone to use — Philange Brutus , 37 , a networks coordinator for the nonprofit group Catalyst , was seated at one of the space 's co-working desks . Although Miami leads the nation in the number of co-working spaces on a density basis , Brutus noted that none had opened in a neighborhood like Overtown .
`` Representation is important , '' he said . `` And this kind of space is going to have a spillover effect in the community . ''
Brutus , who is black , was seated across from colleague Camilo Mejia , who is Hispanic .
`` You can be from any race , any religion [ and join Tribe ] , '' Mejia said . `` You can be running a business , be into policy advocacy , technology — it 's a very welcoming space . ''
Having a permanent space in a historically black neighborhood was a natural evolution of the community engagement work Hatcher and her partner , Derick Pearson , had been doing out of co-working spaces in Miami Beach , she said . In addition to Code Fever , the pair also run Blacktech Week , a tech conference for African Americans that started out as an annual event in Miami and has expanded to include Blacktech weekends throughout the country .
Tribe is the physical embodiment of their mission to create opportunities for under-served communities—something the city 's burgeoning entrepreneurial ecosystem has been `` extremely limited '' in getting around to , Hatcher said .
`` If you look at the cohorts , look at most websites , you ask yourself why they look like that — when the black community represents 20 percent of the population in South Florida , '' she said .
Low-income Hispanics , too , are being underrepresented among Miami 's new entrepreneur class , she says .
`` We have to ask ourselves , do we have just a bunch of shiny objects ? '' she said . `` I do n't think enough people are being called out about that . Miami is diverse by default , not by intention , and these organizations are not tackling the problem from an intentional standpoint . Maybe they do n't think they have to . ''
Ryan Hall , the manager at Tribe , says data show minority entrepreneurs hire more minorities in their companies . So it was critical to have a place for minority-oriented companies and programming .
`` It 's about having a space where not only the community but also investors and entrepreneurs can be brought together , '' he said .
Developer Michael Simkins of Lion Associates , a multimillion-dollar Miami-based conglomerate , is leasing the land where Tribe 's two-story building is located rent-free for five years . Simkins are simultaneously presiding over large swaths of Overtown 's redevelopment while piloting an `` innovation district '' downtown adjacent to Miami Worldcenter .
Simkin says the long-term goal for Overtown remains turning it into an arts and entertainment district — one of Harlem 's most famous restaurateurs is in talks to bring a restaurant to the Miami neighborhood . Still , Tribe is an essential element of how he sees the neighborhood 's growth unfolding .
`` We 're really looking at working with business owners who have ideas for the neighborhood , '' he said . `` They fit the bill perfectly . ''
There has still not been an official grand opening ceremony for Tribe , but a handful of businesses has moved their operations to spaces there . One of them is Circle of One , a marketing company owned by entrepreneur Suzan McDowell . Circle represents numerous businesses around South Florida , including Dade 's largest black-owned bank , OneUnited . After leaving a space in Wynwood , McDowell ran her firm out of her home for two years . She now has six employees working out of Tribe 's largest office on its ground floor .
`` Tribe offers a hip , cultured , technologically superior and cooperative environment , which blends well with the overall Circle culture , '' she said .
While Bell , the longtime Overtown resident , is satisfied that businesspeople like McDowell are arriving , she is leery about existing Overtown residents being left out of the neighborhood 's revival narrative . There remains debate over guarantees of affordable and workforce housing in new high rises , and Wynwood has begun to encroach on the neighborhood 's traditional boundaries .
`` They need all of us — we built it , we incorporated it , '' she said . `` If it had n't been for black property owners , they might not have been incorporated . We belong here like everybody else . ''
Hatcher says she is conscious of such concerns .
`` It 's one of the biggest issues — everyone wanted to be cognizant that it does n't change the area and respects the heritage , '' she said .
Governor Ambode has been unstoppable in the face of recession – APC
The Progressives Congress ( APC ) has said that in spite of the economic recession rocking the nation , Governor Akinwummi Ambode of Lagos state could not be deterred in the efforts to establish the state as a city that could be ranked among the best in the world . The Party , in a congratulatory letter to the [ … ]
Governor Ambode has been unstoppable in the face of recession – APC
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Michael Jackson used to go undercover at the Apollo Michael Jackson used to sneak into the Apollo in elaborate disguises , reveals Fat Joe .
Bruno Mars worried about getting booed at the Apollo It does n't matter how famous you are or how many hit records you 've had . If you annoy New Yorkers , they 'll let you know about it . That 's what Bruno Mars found ...
How these hip-hop legends buried their 20-year rift Last Friday night at the Apollo Theater in Harlem , you could n't turn a corner without bumping into a pillar of hip-hop . Flavor Flav , DJ Kool Herc , Mase , Ice T , Fat ...
Justin Timberlake slated to perform at Apollo in the Hamptons event Mavis Staples and Gary Clark Jr. are also due to perform at the eighth annual event on Aug. 12 .
Prince 's protégée Sheila E. wows crowd at Apollo Theater gala Singer and percussionist Sheila performed her '80s hit “ The Glamorous Life ” and received a standing ovation after .
Director benefits from Lee Daniels ' busy schedule Roger Ross Williams has taken over directing a doc on Harlem 's Apollo Theater from “ Empire ” co-creator Lee Daniels .
Stripping was the only way for this former kid star to pay his debt His moves once rivaled the King of Pop — but now his stage routine is full-on Magic Mike . In 1999 , 11-year-old Joe Haskins seemed headed to the pinnacle of the ...
Image copyright RTÉ Image caption A three-acre site of woodland was cleared over the weekend as part of the investigation into Trevor Deely 's disappearance
Excavation work is expected to begin at a site in Dublin sealed off by police investigating the disappearance of a man almost 17 years ago .
Trevor Deely , 22 , was last seen walking home from a Christmas party in the Baggot Street area in December 2000 .
A new search for Mr Deely began on Saturday after detectives received new information .
A three-acre site at woodland in Chapelizod was cleared over the weekend .
The area is beside the R112 road which runs down to the River Liffey .
Police began the search after receiving new information during a complete review of Mr Deely 's disappearance by a cold case review team set up last December .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption CCTV footage from the night Mr Deely went missing
Detectives were told he was killed by a known criminal he met by chance in the Baggot Street area , and that his body was buried at a site some 8km away , reports Irish national broadcaster RTÉ .
Analsyis : Dyane Connor , RTÉ News
`` New information emerged since the review team began its work last December .
`` Gardai [ police ] received information saying that Trevor was killed by a known criminal in the Baggott Street area and that his body was buried in this site in Chapelizod .
`` This site is about 8km from where Trevor was last seen in the Baggott Street area .
`` I understand gardai do n't have an actual spot within that site where he is supposedly buried , so it 's quite a big search operation .
`` I imagine its going to take some time given the sheer scale of the area . ''
CCTV footage from the night Mr Deely went missing was enhanced in England using specialist technology .
It shows Mr Deely talking to a man dressed in black outside the Bank of Ireland - where Trevor worked - on Baggot Street .
It is understood Mr Deely had gone to his office to get an umbrella after the party at a nearby hotel .
Detectives released the footage in April and appealed for the man to come forward .
Image copyright RTÉ Image caption Earlier this year a team of six detectives began conducting a complete review of Mr Deely 's disappearance
They believe he was the same man captured on CCTV following Mr Deely , who was originally from County Kildare , a short time later on Haddington Road .
On Saturday , police said the man seen in the CCTV has not yet been identified and they renewed their appeal for him to come forward .
They have said the search of the site at Chapelizod is expected to take a number of weeks .
BJ the Chicago Kid dropped a new track , entitled “ Roses , ” the night before Valentine 's Day . The luscious guitar-centered single also features a cover evokes the artwork for Future 's EVOL , but as fans know , BJ the Chicago Kid is n't heartless . Listen to “ Roses ” below .
TORONTO — A Toronto woman with a love of volunteering , a Jordanian man visiting relatives , a college student and two South Korean nationals were among those who died in a horrific van attack that sent shock waves through Canada 's largest city .
Ontario 's chief coroner said it would take days for the names of the deceased to be officially released , noting his office wanted to be careful to get things right .
But portraits of some of the victims of Monday 's attack started to develop as those who knew them began speaking out .
Anne Marie D'Amico was identified as one of the victims by a Toronto city councillor who said he had spoken to the woman 's father to express his condolences .
“ It was clear that part of his life is gone , ” said Coun . Cesar Palacio . “ He 's living the worst nightmare ever of his life . ”
Tennis Canada said D'Amico had volunteered at its marquis Rogers Cup tournament every summer since the age of 12 , starting out as a “ ball girl ” and eventually heading its stadium control committee . The organization also said she worked at Invesco Canada , a U.S.-based investment firm with offices near the scene of the attack .
D'Amico was a cheerful and familiar presence at Rogers Cup , said Gavin Ziv , vice-president of national events for Tennis Canada .
Over the years , the young woman rose through the ranks and was eventually assigned to helping the elite athletes competing in the annual event , largely because of her patience and friendliness , he said .
“ She was a really friendly , warm person…always caring for other people ahead of herself , ” he said .
He recalled one incident in which a top female player lost the keys to her locker and D'Amico was recruited to help smash the lock .
“ I remember Anne Marie going into the locker room and helping her pry open the locker to get all of her stuff out there for her because she had to catch a plane that night to leave town , ” he said .
Volunteering was a family activity for the D'Amico clan , and over more than 15 years of involvement with the tournament , they became part of a tight-knit group of returning volunteers , Ziv said .
“ We got to see her as a young kid and kind of blossoming and grow up , ” he said .
Abdullah Snobar , who attended Ryerson University with D'Amico , said she had been known as an active student leader with top grades , a wide social circle and an indelible smile that could brighten up any hallway .
“ Whether you kept in touch with her very closely or you did n't talk to her for this past year , it just felt like you saw her smile yesterday , ” he said .
Meanwhile , Seneca College said a female student was also among those killed , but did n't provide further details .
“ She was , along with nine others , an innocent victim of this tragic act of violence , ” college president David Agnew said in a statement . “ I want to extend our deepest sympathies to her family and friends . ”
Another victim of the van attack was identified by Jordan 's state-run Petra news agency as Munair Najjar , who was in Toronto visiting family .
The Jordanian embassy in Ottawa confirmed one of its citizens had died but did not provide further details . The news agency said the embassy was helping arrange for Najjar 's body to sent back to Jordan .
A South Korean news agency cited government officials as saying two Korean nationals were also among those killed .
Washington ( AP ) -- White House official Christopher Liddell has been named deputy chief of staff for policy coordination .
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday that Liddell will serve under Chief of Staff John Kelly and will work with Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations Joe Hagin . He will be charged with managing the policy process .
In a statement , Kelly says Liddell is `` highly qualified to oversee and coordinate our policy process . ''
A former executive at Microsoft and General Motors , Liddell has been with the administration since the transition . He served as director of strategic initiatives and worked in the White House Office of American Innovation . The White House says he will continue to work with that office .
SANTA FE , N.M. — New Mexico has changed the application for patients wanting to participate in the state 's medical marijuana program .
The Health Department said Friday the application is now two pages rather than four and can be completed online and then printed for signing . The applications still must be submitted by mail or in person .
Certifying practitioners also are required to send medical records instead of writing lengthy explanations .
Patients must meet at least one of 21 conditions to qualify for a medical marijuana card .
Nearly 49,000 patients were enrolled as of the end of February , with almost half of them listing post-traumatic stress disorder as a condition .
Health Secretary Lynn Gallagher says the changes stem from months of work . She says the aim is a more straight-forward process to better serve patients and practitioners .
SANDUSKY , OHIO – Crews are responding to a fire outside Cedar Point , Sandusky Police have confirmed .
Crews from the Coast Guard station at Marblehead have arrived at the scene to assist firefighters . As of 4:49 p.m. , crews were still working to extinguish the fire .
Black smoke can be seen in the marina area across Sandusky Bay , according to social media users :
Vid of the boat fire outside of Cedar Point pic.twitter.com/m3RnYh7rq1 — Robert Lipnos ( @ rlipnos ) August 14 , 2017
I 'm at cedar point and a boat docked by blue streak straight up EXPLODED like they are evacuating people from the area it 's nuts forreal — Van ♡ ( @ CevanahJestine ) August 14 , 2017
Something is on fire outside @ cedarpoint . Looks like it 's out in the marina . Kudos to @ cedarpoint staff for quick response & crowd control ! pic.twitter.com/0ZIwhlpuSP — Jessica Bee ( @ ReadingOrSleep ) August 14 , 2017
In a wave of fitness trackers and smartwatches that have come crashing down on us in the last few years , Apple , Xiaomi , and Fitbit have been some of the few companies that have stayed afloat above everyone else . Apple and Fitbit particularly have both provided consumers with some of the most popular wearable technology around , and flagship products , like the Fitbit Surge and Apple Watch Series 2 , have become the faces of what a smartwatch and fitness tracker can do .
But when you put the two devices head to head , you start to realize the stark differences . Let 's take a look .
Specs
Fitbit Surge Apple Watch Series 2 GPS Enabled Yes Yes Processor Unlisted S2 Operating System Proprietary OS watchOS3 Body ( Dimensions ) Stainless Steel 1.34 x .82 x 0.96 inch Band lengths : Small ( 5.5 to 6.3-inches in circumference ) , Large ( 6.3 to 7.8-inches ) , and XL ( 7.8 to 8.9-inches in circumference ) . Aluminum & Stainless Steel case 38mm 1.52 x 1.31 x 0.45 inch 42mm 1.67 x 1.43 x 0.45 inch White Ceramic case 38mm 1.54 x 1.34 x 0.46 inch 42mm 1.68 x 1.44 x 0.45 inch Resolution ( pixels ) Resolution unlisted 38mm : 272 x 340 42mm : 312 x 390 Weight 32 grams Aluminum case 38mm : 28.2 grams 42mm : 34.2 grams Stainless Steel case ( Sapphire Crystal ) 38mm : 41.9 grams 42mm : 52.4 grams Ceramic Case ( Sapphire Crystal ) 38mm : 39.6 grams 42mm : 45.6 grams CPU Unlisted Dual Core Screen Gorilla Glass 3 Ion-X strengthened glass ( aluminum cases ) Sapphire crystal glass ( stainless steel and ceramic cases ) Waterproof Splash resistant only Waterproof up to 50 meters Available Ceramic Casing No Yes Display Monochrome LCD Second-generation OLED Retina display with Force Touch ( 1,000 nits ) Base Price $ 200 $ 370 Review 3.5 out of 5 stars 4 out of 5 stars
Two years can feel more like a decade in the tech world , and there 's no better example of that than when you see the specs of the Surge ( released in 2014 ) against the Series 2 ( release in 2016 . ) The Surge holds its own in areas like weight , screen protection , and GPS capabilities , but it really flounders when you put its Monochrome LCD screen against one of the best displays on a smartwatch ever . The Surge also lacks the coveted waterproof stamp , but seeing as people have gotten by without waterproof watches for centuries , we wo n't mark it down too much for that . Even with its glaring shortcomings on the spec sheet , we only rated the Surge half a star below what we consider the best smartwatch we 've ever used , and that 's saying something .
The Surge puts up a good fight , but in terms of hardware , the Series 2 looks flawless compared to its competitor .
Winner : Apple Watch Series 2
Design and durability
The Series 2 is the antithesis of the Surge when it comes to design .
The Surge fits in well while you 're working out , but its huge , rectangular touchscreen and clunky design look outdated . The Surge becomes a bit of eyesore beyond the rec room because it lacks customization , so it 's hard to blend the watch in with work attire or formal garb . The Series 2 on the other hand , has a plethora of customizable design options , from band accessories to interfaces . Even without the added bells and whistles , the watch is still worth clamoring over as-is .
For durability , the Surge is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 3 , which means its going to take a lot to crack its screen . Its also sweat , rain and splash resistant , but it 's not waterproof . The Series 2 is waterproof up to 50 meters , and although it does n't have Gorilla Glass protection , it does have strengthened glass that 's just as durable as any other smartwatch . The stainless steel and ceramic models come equipped with Sapphire Crystal glass , which is twice as hard as regular glass .
Part of Apple 's credo has been to integrate design and function in a beautiful way , so the Surge never really had a shot against the Series 2 . Even though Surge has great protective glass , it ca n't compare to the Series 2 's impressive waterproof capabilities .
Winner : Apple Watch Series 2
Battery Life
Although Fitbit claims the Surge can go for seven days without a charge , our review of the watch noted that we were only able to get four or five days out of the battery . Still , that 's better than the Series 2 , which generally lasts a day .
Winner : Fitbit Surge
Software
The Surge is fitted with Fitbit 's proprietary operating system , which does a decent job of tracking your steps , calories , sleep and other activities , but not much else . It has a heart monitoring feature , but there has been a lawsuit over the tech 's inaccuracies . You can also read text messages and control music , but there 's no app store for the Surge .
With Apple 's watchOS , you 're able to access an array of apps and and control your iPhone right from your Series 2 watch . And unlike the original Apple Watch , the Series 2 comes preloaded with workout options so you can properly track your progress for a myriad of activities .
Both watches come with GPS , and the Surge does a great job of mapping out your run , and tracking your distance and speed . The Series 2 does that too , but you can also use the GPS for things like navigating through a new city or stepping up your golf game .
Winner : Apple Watch Series 2
Pricing and Availability
Since the Surge is an older model , you might have a harder time finding it as readily available as the Series 2 at physical stores , but Fitbit sells the smartwatch at all of its online shops , so you can have it shipped and on your wrist in a matter of hours .
Although it 's always a little tricky to get a hold of a new Apple product the first few weeks after release , it 's gotten easier to find a Series 2 at retailers . The Series 2 is also available in a bunch of styles and designs , including the Nike Plus model . The only style options available for the Surge is what color band you want .
The Series 2 costs $ 369 , and the Surge costs $ 200 . You 're getting a lot of bang for your buck with the Series 2 's price tag , but you might not want or need everything that the Series 2 offers you . Since both watches are readily available , we have to base the winner off price point , so the Surge easily wins .
Winner : Fitbit Surge
Overall Winner : Apple Watch Series 2
Sure , the Surge is cheaper and has a longer battery life than the Series 2 , but it 's running on outdated technology . It might seem like a smart buy right now , but whether it 's the Series 2 or something else , you 'll see another smartwatch that 's way better than your Surge , and you 'll feel like you just wasted 200 bucks .
The Series 2 's countless workout features , waterproof capabilities , and integration with your iPhone makes it a watch that can fit into your everyday routine for years to come . If you 're not an Apple Cultist and do n't own an iPhone , the Series 2 's capabilities are lackluster , but you 're still better off buying any of the Android Wear watches available over the Surge .
The Trumbull Health Department , Trumbull Nature and Arts Center , and Denali have partnered together to host a nature hike at Twin Brooks Park , White Plains Road , Trumbull , on Saturday , Oct. 14 , from 10-11:30 a.m. ( rain date is Saturday , Oct. 28 ) . Come join us for a nature hike along the trails . Dress appropriately for the weather and wear comfortable shoes . The walk is approximately 1.5 miles . The terrain is moderate and is not conducive to strollers or pets . Park passes are not required for this event .
The walk will be led by the Trumbull Nature and Arts Center Naturalist . He will help participants discover the ecosystem and the many different habitats in the park . Representatives from Denali will be on hand to provide hiker safety tips and to teach participants the 10 essential items needed for a safe hike . The walk will conclude with some prevention tips for tick-borne diseases from the Trumbull Health Department .
“ We are delighted to partner with some of our community partners to provide an educational nature hike for residents , ” said Rhonda Capuano , Trumbull Health Department Director of Health . “ The crisp fall air is the perfect time to take a hike and to explore nature ! ”
Registration is not required for this event . All are welcome . For more information on the Nature hike , contact the Trumbull Health Department at 203-452-1030 .
In the early 2000s , Australian agribusiness Ruralco moved its SAP infrastructure into a hosted data centre in Melbourne . But as the company grew , the hosting provider 's inability to scale the infrastructure and slow system performance hindered the efficiency of staff at 40 businesses across 500 retail outlets .
“ The infrastructure was n't ours and it was very difficult for the hosting provider to change configuration of the environment – it took weeks to add memory , CPU and disk , ” Ruralco 's chief information officer , Tom Hansen told CIO Australia .
Scalability and lack of performance were both problems for the ASX-listed organisation , which operates in the areas of fertilisers , wool , livestock , water , grain , real estate , risk management , finance and insurance .
“ The hosted environment did n't have the throughput capacity to handle concurrent requests from our people . For example , at the end of the month , our finance department will run many reports and our previous environment did n't have the ability to handle those concurrently , ” Hansen explained .
Last October , Ruralco gave the data centre provider the flick and moved its core SAP environment to Microsoft 's Azure cloud in Sydney with a disaster recovery site in Melbourne that is mirrored every 15 minutes .
Hansen said there have been a few benefits to moving to a public cloud environment . It 's more scalable and delivered a 60 per cent improvement in the performance of SAP applications to its retail network from day one .
`` If we put all our backups , batch jobs , data extractions and the like end-to-end – a lot of them run at night at the same time – they would take up to 27 hours to run . But now they run in half an hour , '' said Hansen .
The organisation 's tech team also benefits from a pre-production staging environment which has improved `` throughput for changes and transports into production , '' Hansen said .
“ Previously , we only had one production , test and dev environment – now we have a dev , test , staging and production environment . So we have another level there in the stack to make sure we test our transports prior to them being moved into production .
“ Moving to the cloud also allows us to add more interfaces to the environment so we can add extra modules and third party systems . We can also ‘ pipe out ' data from our production system into a data warehouse to ‘ punch the numbers ' and to have a more real-time analysis on that information . That extra capacity makes it a lot easier – it 's very scalable so this makes the job simpler . ''
The move to Azure has improved the performance of Ruralco 's core SAP point-of-sale application , which serves several of the organisation 's business units .
“ Previously , if someone needed to print an invoice at the point of sale in a regional town , performance from our servers in Melbourne was n't up to the task , and the print out could take minutes as opposed to seconds [ with the new public cloud infrastructure in place ] , ” said Hansen . This bottleneck has been alleviated completely . ''
All of Ruralco 's tech infrastructure now sits in managed VMs in third party data centres . The organisation rolled out Office 365 in 2016 , which makes it easier for 3000 highly mobile staff to do their jobs , said Hansen .
`` From an infrastructure point of view , I think the world will be moving to that model because it 's very scalable . You can select which service you want , whether it 's complete management , backups and disaster recovery – depending on your budget and environment , ” he said .
Ruralco 's move to the public cloud has been `` cost neutral '' compared to running infrastructure on-premise but gains in system performance and capacity were the key drivers , Hansen said .
`` Also with the new DR environment , we are very pleased where we have ended up . ''
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn . The group is open to CIOs , IT Directors , COOs , CTOs and senior IT managers .
Two elected officials are trying to garner support for a Palo Alto ballot initiative that aims to control the costs of patient care .
The initiative , which would be placed on the November ballot if it collects enough signatures , would limit Stanford Hospital and other Palo Alto medical facilities “ from charging patients more than 15 percent above the cost of care , plus quality improvement costs , ” according to a statement issued Friday by Service Employees International Union United Healthcare Workers West ( SEIU-UHW ) , which is backing the initiative . If a facility exceeds that percentage , it would be required to refund the difference to the patient .
“ When patients come to Stanford Hospital they expect quality care , but they may not know just how much they 're being overcharged for that care , ” Chuck Fonseca , a certified nursing assistant at Stanford University Medical Center , said in the statement . “ This ballot initiative will help get healthcare prices under control at Stanford Hospital and other facilities in the city . ”
San Mateo County Supervisor David Canepa and East Palo Alto Mayor Ruben Abrica will gather with local healthcare workers at 11 a.m. Saturday at the Palo Alto Downtown Library ( 275 Forest Ave. ) to launch a signature-gathering effort for the initiative . It will require signatures of approximately 2,400 registered Palo Alto voters to qualify for the November election , according to the statement .
According to SEIU-UHW , the initiative aims to boost money spent on patient care by encouraging medical facilities to hire additional staff and upgrade their technologies .
“ Last year , Stanford Health Care had profits of $ 234 million , ” said SEIU-UWH spokesman Sean Wherley . “ Presumably , they charged well over 15 percent above the cost of care , so to comply they could invest more into patient care or slap off the extra cost , which would cut their profits . ”
Stanford University Medical Center charges nearly $ 73,000 more than the statewide average to treat patients for alcohol or drug abuse , $ 60,000 more to treat a patient with kidney failure and nearly $ 46,000 more to treat a patient with chest pain , but still struggles in certain aspects of patient care , such as infections acquired during hospital stays leading to penalties from Medicare the past three years , according to the statement .
SYDNEY – A hotel valet had a lucky escape – but the luxury sports car he was trying to park did not .
Australian media say the valet drove the soft-top Porsche Carrera under another vehicle Thursday outside the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Sydney .
Emergency workers cut the driver out from the Porsche as a crowd watched .
Matthew Talbot , the hotel 's director of sales and marketing , told the Australian Broadcasting Corp. the valet was “ embarrassed and a little bit shocked ” but was OK .
The larger vehicle was propped up and its wheels were anchored while the vehicles were separated . The black Porsche , its hood and front bumper crunched and dented , was then backed onto a tow truck .
Witness Jonathan Bayle said he thought a television show or movie was being shot .
The hotel said in a statement it was investigating .
A decision on whether to grant planning permission for a housing development at Tipper , Naas , has been put off .
Kildare County Council has made a request to the developer for additional information about the proposal to construct 88 houses at Tipper Road . The site was previously the site of a disused industrial building , opposite the main entrance to Naas Racecourse .
The plan is to build 43 four-bedroom houses . Most of the remainder are three-bedroom houses . The plan also proposes three public open spaces occupying some 2,900 square metres .
It attracted a number of objections , principally from individual residents of The Paddocks , which is adjacent to the site , as well as the group representing residents there .
Among the reasons for objecting is the claim that the site is currently zoned for enterprise ane employment use and that there are 400 houses planned for the area , apart from this application .
The residents also say that this new development will have a dramatic and negative impact on traffic volumes on the Tipper Road/Blessington Road area and that the Tipper Road is “ unable to cope with existing traffic volumes ” .
Another concern was that some houses in The Paddocks will be overlooked by the new development .
Kildare County Council sought additional information saying it has serious concerns regarding the overall design and layout of the development and it has asked for revised scaled plans to be submitted .
It is also seeking a three dimensional photomontage drawings of the development as viewed from three different locations .
Additional information requests are not unusual . The applicant has until mid-July to respond to the request .
Hillary Clinton had to eat humble pie twice on election night .
Clinton apologized to President Obama for her bruising loss — right after calling Trump to offer him “ congratulations , ” according to a new book chronicling her 2016 presidential bid called “ Shattered : Inside Hillary Clinton 's Doomed Campaign . ”
“ Mr . President , I 'm sorry , ” she said , according to a Washington Post 's review of the book due out Tuesday .
The White House urged Clinton to concede as Trump claimed battleground states — some by slim margins — because Obama wanted to avoid a messy recount .
“ You need to concede , ” Obama told Clinton directly , later repeating the instruction to her campaign chairman John Podesta for good measure .
The directive came after Clinton ignored previous messages from White House staff to throw in the towel .
She conceded the loss publicly the next morning .
Cellphone video shows Nikolas Cruz planning Douglas school shooting Cellphone video released by the Broward State Attorney 's Office shows Nikolas Cruz talking of his impending attack on Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland , Florida . Broward State Attorney 's Office ×
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK Cellphone video released by the Broward State Attorney 's Office shows Nikolas Cruz talking of his impending attack on Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland , Florida . Broward State Attorney 's Office
This December , the Rolling Stones will release a compilation of their performances on the BBC from 1963-1965 . Titled On Air , the album will feature 18 recordings from shows like Saturday Club , The Joe Loss Pop Show , Blues in Rhythm , Yeah Yeah , and Top Gear . Eight of the performances have never been commercially released or recorded , Rolling Stone reports .
In addition to a deluxe edition of the album that includes 14 bonus tracks , fans can purchase The Rolling Stones – On Air In The Sixties , a coffee-table book that debuted this September .
The album comes out on December 1 but is available for pre-order now . Check out the track list for On Air below :
1 . “ Come On ” Saturday Club , 26 October 1963
2 . “ ( I Ca n't Get No ) Satisfaction ” Saturday Club , 18 September 1965
3 . “ Roll Over Beethoven ” Saturday Club , 26 October 1963
4 . “ The Spider And The Fly ” Yeah Yeah , 30 August 1965
5 . “ Cops And Robbers ” Blues in Rhythm , 9 May 1964
6 . “ It 's All Over Now ” The Joe Loss Pop Show , 17 July 1964
7 . “ Route 66″ Blues in Rhythm , 9 May 1964
8 . “ Memphis , Tennessee ” Saturday Club , 26 October 1963
9 . “ Down The Road Apiece ” Top Gear , 6 March 1965
10 . “ The Last Time ” Top Gear , 6 March 1965
11 . “ Cry To Me ” Saturday Club , 18 September 1965
12 . “ Mercy , Mercy ” Yeah Yeah , 30 August 1965
13 . “ Oh ! Baby ( We Got A Good Thing Goin ' ) ” Saturday Club , 18 September 1965
14 . “ Around And Around ” Top Gear , 23 July 1964
15 . “ Hi Heel Sneakers ” Saturday Club , 18 April 1964
16 . “ Fannie Mae ” Saturday Club , 18 September 1965
17 . “ You Better Move On ” Blues in Rhythm , 9 May 1964
18 . “ Mona ” Blues In Rhythm , 9 May 1964
( AP Photo/Rick Bowmer , File ) . FILE - This June 7 , 2017 , file photo , Jodie Ferguson leaves flowers at a small memorial for the victims of a fatal shooting in Sandy , Utah . Police documents obtained by The Associated Press say a Utah woman fatally shot th ...
( Scott G Winterton/The Deseret News via AP , File ) . FILE - This June 6 , 2017 , file photo , crime scene investigators begin their work as Sandy police investigate a fatal shooting in a Salt Lake City suburb in Sandy , Utah . Police documents obtained by The ...
By LINDSAY WHITEHURSTAssociated Press
DRAPER , Utah ( AP ) - Police in Utah investigated an anonymous tip about a man who wanted to kill his ex-girlfriend and himself just before he killed the woman and her son this month in a shooting that also injured two children , according to documents provided Wednesday in response to a public records request from The Associated Press .
The tipster called 911 about Jeremy Patterson about three hours before the shooting and told a dispatcher she had received a message from Patterson saying he had just broken up with his girlfriend and wanted to kill her and himself , according to a report from police in the Salt Lake City suburb of Draper , where Patterson , the shooter , lived .
The female tipster told a police dispatcher she wanted to remain anonymous because she said knowing about the situation could put her in danger , the report said .
A Draper officer investigated the call June 6 , the same day Patterson , 32 , opened fire on the car his ex-girlfriend Memorez Rackley was riding in , killing her and her 6-year-old son . The shooting happened in the suburb of Sandy , which borders Draper .
The tip did not give Draper police enough information to stop the slayings , said Deputy Chief John Eining .
While the caller gave Patterson 's name , police were not provided with other information about him and the tipster did not return the officer 's calls to the phone number she provided , he said .
Also , the tipster did not provide Rackley 's name , Eining said .
The officer searched for Patterson 's name in two police databases , but found several people by the same name and could not determine which one might be related to the call , the documents said . The tipster also did not provide an address for Patterson in the 911 call , so police did not know he lived in Draper .
Documents said the officer 's investigation lasted about 10 minutes and police concluded the officer handled it properly , Eining said .
If the officer had tracked Patterson down , the most serious possible violation based on the tip would likely have been a citation for making threats , Eining said .
`` The worst case scenario played out in this case , but typically the worst case scenario does not play out , '' Eining said . `` When somebody has this in his mindset to do this , it 's very difficult to stop . ''
Police have said Patterson encountered Rackley later that day and argued with her as she walked her children home from school . A passing motorist with three children in her sports utility vehicle stopped and picked up Rackley and her children to help them .
But Patterson followed them in his pickup truck and rammed the SUV off the street , got out and started shooting , police have said . Rackley and her son were killed before Patterson killed himself . Rackley 's 11-year-old son and the daughter of the woman driving the SUV were wounded .
The shooting came three days after Rackley told Sandy police that Patterson had been relentlessly stalking her and she was afraid for her safety , according to Sandy police documents obtained by the AP in a previous public records request .
Rackley told officers she did not want to press charges against Patterson but that she would seek a court protective order for him to stay away from her and her children .
Court records in the Salt Lake City area show no indication that she did so before the shooting .
Draper police were not aware of Rackley 's call to police in neighboring Sandy . It did not show up in a database search because the two cities have separate record-keeping systems , Eining said .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The Australian Bureau of Statistics ( ABS ) has confirmed to BuzzFeed News that ballot papers with graffiti on them will be considered valid in the upcoming same-sex marriage postal survey , as long as a `` yes '' or `` no '' vote is clearly legible .
Last week the government announced it would conduct a postal survey through the ABS to determine whether it should allow a conscience vote in parliament on the issue of same-sex marriage .
Ballot papers will be posted to all registered voters from September 12 and must be returned by November 7 .
The ABS will not count any votes received after 6pm on November 7 , and will announce the survey result on November 15 .
The ABS confirmed to BuzzFeed News the same graffiti rules apply to the postal survey as the federal election run by the Australian Electoral Commission , where dicks on ballots are common .
Decorated ballot papers will still be counted as a formal vote , as long as they have a readable `` yes '' or `` no '' vote .
`` Survey papers will be processed and interpreted by a clearly legible mark in either the 'yes ' or 'no ' box , '' a spokesperson for the ABS told BuzzFeed News .
`` Graffiti on survey papers could have implications for their validity if a clear 'yes ' or 'no ' response can not be determined . If a 'yes ' or 'no ' response can not be determined , the form may be deemed invalid . ''
The ABS said there will be be staff on hand to interpret the ballot papers as they are counted . However , if you spoil your ballot , you can only request a replacement until 6pm on October 11 .
So , if you feeling like doodling a picture of Kevin Andrews marrying his bicycle on your ballot paper , your vote will still be counted .
Do mozzarella stick turn you on ? Do oysters really make you horny — or are they just delicious ? The supposed aphrodisiac powers of foods is a highly personal and polarizing topic . Ahead of Valentine 's Day , we ...
5 foods to boost your sex drive If you 've found yourself in a sex slump , it may be as simple as heading to your refrigerator for a libido boost . “ Diet profoundly affects our hormones and sexual appetite , ” ...
Related Coverage Trump offers full support for embattled Republican Roy Moore
BIRMINGHAM , Ala. ( AP ) — An internationally watched Senate election is down to Alabama voters .
The controversies surrounding Republican Roy Moore give Democrat Doug Jones an opening in the GOP-dominated state . Polls open Tuesday morning .
Multiple women have accused Moore of sexual misconduct with teen girls when he was in his 30s . Moore is now 70 and denies the charges . He 's telling voters they know his character already .
Jones is saying decency must prevail . He 's urging Alabama voters to see the race as a crossroads with an opportunity to avoid repeating past mistakes that harm the state 's image .
No Democrat has won an Alabama Senate seat since 1992 . That was Sen. Richard Shelby . He 's now a Republican who says he did n't vote for Moore .
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos made a bold choice for her opening anecdote in a speech to charter school advocates on Tuesday : she told the story of how her family chose to forego the public education system entirely , sending their young son to a private Christian school .
DeVos spoke of the need to ensure that poor students had the ability to attend not just charter schools , but private schools , too , just as her son had done . It was a heavy allusion to the necessity of a voucher system — one that would allow families to use taxpayer money to pay for private and religious schools .
But vouchers have long been considered politically toxic to many in the charter school movement , who are already wondering how closely their schools — attended primarily by low-income , black or Latino students — should link their fortune to that of the Trump administration .
“ Charter schools are here to stay , ” DeVos told the crowd Tuesday . “ But we must recognize that charters are n't the right fit for every child . For many children , neither a traditional nor a charter public school works for them . ”
When DeVos singled out a charter for praise , she praised a private school in the next breath , singling out several `` Christian schools , '' including one that operated , mostly tuition-free , in a homeless shelter .
The remarks were received with limited enthusiasm , even among what should have been one of the friendliest crowds the controversial DeVos will address — a group of teachers , administrators and advocates who have embraced school choice as a solution to inequality . Less than half the audience stood to applaud as she finished , and many others remained silent .
“ I was surprised at the reaction she got here , honestly , ” said one conference attendee , a charter operator who said he was a strong supporter of DeVos . “ This is one of the best places that she could be : a very friendly crowd full of school choice advocates . I was a little stunned that there was n't bigger support for her . ”
“ Maybe it was because it was so early in the morning , ” he added . “ People have n't had their coffee . ”
DeVos is the most ardent supporter of school choice who has ever served as education secretary , advocating policies that elevate parents ' ability to choose their child 's school above all other considerations . In a Trump budget that slashed billions from every other corner of education funding , DeVos 's department carved out $ 1 billion to expand school choice nationwide .
But by advocating for public money to flow to private and religious schools alongside charters , DeVos has unsettled leaders in the charter school movement , who have forged an rare bipartisan consensus in recent years . Despite opposition from teacher 's unions , many Democrats have willingly crossed the aisle to align with Republicans on policies that allow charters to grow and experiment . But many school choice advocates , including some moderate Republicans , see vouchers as a step too far .
“ High quality charter schools have gotten lumped into this broad brush that 's been painted with vouchers , and with tax credit scholarships , ” said Kelly McManus , the director of government affairs at the pro-charter Education Trust . “ That 's not accurate and not fair to them . ”
In her speech to charter leaders , DeVos did not expressly advocate expanding vouchers to pay for private schools . But she pointedly placed charter schools and their students alongside private religious ones , and said that low-income students should be given a chance to attend both .
“ I suggest we focus less on what word comes before ‘ school , ' whether it be traditional , charter , virtual , magnet , home , parochial , private , or any approach yet to be developed , ” DeVos said , “ and focus instead on the individuals they are intended to serve . ”
`` I wish she would just come out and say what we 're all worried about — that she 's expanding vouchers , '' said one conference attendee , a charter school educator , after DeVos 's speech . `` We need to know what she 's really going to do so we can figure out what these vouchers to our kids . ''
Beyond vouchers , the toxicity of the Trump administration itself is fueling anxiety among charter leaders . Because they work extensively with black , Latino , and low-income students , many left-leaning charter advocates say they have been pushed to become increasingly partisan — distancing themselves from the Trump administration to satiate their progressive allies , but potentially alienating Republican supporters in the process .
“ Those of us in the broad , big tent of the education reform world were on the cusp of making big gains with voters , ” said Nick Melvoin , a pro-charter Democrat who won a seat on the school board of the Los Angeles Unified School District in May . DeVos and Trump 's school choice policies , he said , “ unfortunately complicate the situation . There 's been somewhat of a loss of that bipartisan consensus . ”
Conference attendees also worried that DeVos seemed to downplay another key issue among many left-leaning charter advocates : the need to stringently to hold charters accountable for their results . In her speech , DeVos criticized some in the charter movement for “ boxing out ” certain types of charters in favor of others .
In her home state of Michigan , where DeVos first set out a school choice agenda , critics say a lack of accountability caused an explosion of low-quality schools , including many for-profits . Elsewhere , online charter schools , most run by for-profit companies , have been denounced across the political spectrum for their poor performance , and a study released this week show that students at other for-profit providers also perform worse on math tests than at nonprofits .
“ Accountability is so important , and she did n't seem to mention that at all , ” said one conference attendee , a charter school educator who asked not to be named . “ Students need to actually be learning something , to be proficient . ”
An audience-submitted question asked DeVos how she would ensure low-performing schools would be held accountable , and she responded by emphasizing the need for parents to be able to choose between schools — for DeVos , essentially a catchall solution to the troubled education system . “ It 's not choice for choice 's sake , ” she said . “ It 's choice because parents are demanding something different for their children . ”
Policies that alienate the charter school movement could ultimately hurt DeVos as she pushes her broader school choice agenda , said Andrew Saultz , an assistant professor of education at Miami University . “ It 's going to put her in a difficult situation , because she 's trying to hold together a coalition where some people really question those things . ”
“ When you think about the coalition that was built around charters in the '90s and 2000s , particularly with Latino and black communities , I wonder the degree to which that coalition will survive ” he said .
“ The movement has had many of these tensions for a long period of time , ” said Shavar Jeffries , the the president of Democrats for Education Reform , a pro-charter nonprofit that has taken a strong stance against much of Trump 's education agenda . “ The unvarnished bigotry and the reactionary policies of the Trump administration have caused these tensions — which used to be below the surface — to boil over . ”
But whether the rift among school choice advocates will actually affect policy , however , remains to be seen .
“ Right now it 's a whole lot of D.C. buzz , ” said Michael Petrilli , the president of the Thomas B. Fordham institute , a right-leaning education think tank . “ Their embrace of private school choice could make the issue less popular among the electorate — as with anything he embraces , there 's a risk that there could be some loss of support — but on the state level , it 's hard to find a direct impact . ”
Charter schools could ultimately benefit , Petrilli said , by presenting themselves as a political compromise between DeVos 's voucher proposals and more hardline opponents of school choice .
Still , he said , the administration 's embrace of school choice could be a political risk for charters , just as Barack Obama 's support for the once-bipartisan Common Core — which even Betsy DeVos once supported — made the issue a pariah among Republicans .
“ They have to be careful not to let what happened to the Common Core under Obama become charter schools under Trump , ” Petrilli said .
An early test for left-leaning charter advocates played out last month in Los Angeles Unified School District , where a slate of candidates who pushed for charter school expansion were targeted by teachers ' unions that sought to portray them as allied with Trump and DeVos . A union-funded mailer painted Melvoin , a Democratic charter advocate , as one of the “ candidates who will implement the Trump/DeVos education agenda in LA . ”
Melvoin won the election , but only , he says , by making it expressly clear that he opposed DeVos policies like vouchers and for-profit charters , which he called to ban in the district . “ We had to come out so strongly against the administration , ” Melvoin said .
Though he worked in the Obama administration , Melvoin said , “ Putting my face with Trump and DeVos was so toxic . The association really seeped in with some voters . ”
Email Newsletter
Sign up to receive our newsletter and find out what 's going on around Wales .
Android finally added support for split-screen apps in 7.0 Nougat , but Google has been playing with the specifics of launching apps in split-screen . It removed the UI tuner 's swipe gesture , and the home button behavior has been tweaked in 7.1 . The whole system can be a little clumsy at times , but Screens makes split-screen mode a one-tap proposition . It 's rather barebones , but it gets the job done .
Screens creates shortcuts for your home screen that instantly launch two apps of your choosing in split-screen mode . It does n't require root , but you do need to enable it as an accessibility service . The interface is ... basic . Just two buttons and a text field . After you choose the apps you want to launch and create the shortcut , you get an icon like any other . It does n't matter if the apps are running in the background—Screens opens them in split-screen .
You should make certain the apps you want to include in your shortcut actually support split screen . Some apps disallow this , and Screens just crashes if you try to launch them via a shortcut . The app is free , but some sort of pro upgrade would not be unthinkable with a little more polish . You 'll need Android 7.0 or higher to use it , of course .
President Trump denied he 's softened his position on China to gain its help in curbing North Korea 's increasing military provocations .
“ I did n't soften my stance , ” he said in an interview on “ Fox & Friends ” that aired on Tuesday . “ Look , China came to the United States , the president , who I really developed a very good relationship with , I think he 's a terrific person , I really got to know him very well . ”
see also Trump backtracks on calling China 'currency manipulators ' WASHINGTON – President Trump walked back his harsh rhetoric on ...
During the presidential election , Trump in stump speeches railed against China , vowing to label the world 's second-largest economy a currency manipulator on day one in office and impose tariffs to force the country to negotiate a better trade deal .
But last week , he changed his tune , telling the Wall Street Journal that China is not now manipulating its currency and saying he was working with President Xi Jinping on keeping North Korea in check .
“ Somebody said currency manipulation . What am I going to do ? In the middle of him talking with North Korea , I 'm going to hit them with currency manipulation , ” Trump said in the interview . “ This is the fake media that just does a number … Nobody 's ever seen such a positive response on our behalf from China , and then the fake media goes ‘ Donald Trump has changed his stance on China . ' ”
Trump and Xi spent a couple of days earlier this month at his Florida resort Mar-a-Lago talking about trade and the threat posed by North Korea .
“ We have a good chemistry together . He understands it 's a big problem . He 's working on it , ” Trump said . “ Now , what am I going to do , start a trade war with China in the middle of him working on a bigger problem , frankly , with North Korea ? ”
He said he has “ great respect ” for Xi and hopes the country can bring its political and economic influence to bear on North Korea .
“ We 'll see what he can do . Now maybe he wo n't be able to help . That 's possible , ” Trump said . “ I think he 's trying , but maybe he wo n't be able to help and that 's a whole different story . So we 'll see what happens . ”
PESHAWAR : Pakistan 's government has decided to establish four university campuses in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) .
FATA University , the first ever university in the region , was set up in 2016 in Darra Adam Khel , a semi-tribal area infamous for the manufacture and sale of weapons .
Four campuses of FATA University — one each in North Waziristan , South Waziristan , Bajaur and Khyber — have been approved , university Vice-Chancellor Dr. Tahir Shah told Arab News .
Campuses will be set up in other areas in due course , said the university 's deputy director of planning and development , Naveed Tariq .
“ Almost a month ago , we visited North Waziristan and Bajaur to select sites for the campuses , ” he told Arab News .
“ On Friday , we visited Khyber for the same purpose . The visit to South Waziristan… is likely soon . ”
Meanwhile , the FATA Grand Alliance , a union of tribal elders , has called for the reopening of colleges that were closed when the army launched an operation against the Taliban .
“ Four colleges in North Waziristan alone… remain closed since the army launched Operation Zarb-e-Azb against the militants , ” alliance Chairman Malik Khan Marjan told Arab News .
Besides reopening the closed colleges , the government needs to launch another university , as well as medical and engineering colleges in every tribal agency , he said .
“ This is the only way to educate the tribals , who have long suffered displacement and wars , ” he added .
NURSES have cancelled a planned strike for this Thursday after receiving a revised pay offer from District Health Boards .
However , the strike for next Thursday , July 12 , is still scheduled to go ahead and services at Whakatane Hospital will be reduced to a minimum on that day .
Nurses ' union NZNO said it would recommend the revised offer to its members . Full details of the revised offer were expected to be released to members yesterday afternoon .
The union 's industrial services manager , Cee Payne , said the revised offer would be presented to members via an online ballot this week .
“ Online voting will run from Tuesday , July 3 to Monday , July 9 .
Ms Payne said the strike notice for next Thursday , July 12 , remained in force and that life-preserving services and contingency planning would need to continue in preparation for that action .
Bay of Plenty District Health Board chief executive Helen Mason said emergency and essential services would be maintained during the strike but “ all services which can be deferred will be and some , such as outpatient clinics , will be closed ” .
“ Our number one consideration will be patient and staff safety . ”
Mrs Mason said contingency planning for the proposed strike had been ongoing for three months . Some services , such as planned surgery , would be rescheduled to reduce patient numbers .
Acting prime minister Winston Peters and health minister Dr David Clark said they were pleased the District Health Boards had made a revised offer to avoid Tuesday 's strike action .
“ No one wants to see industrial action in our hospitals and both parties are to be congratulated for the constructive way they have continued to work together to find a settlement , ” said Mr Peters .
“ The lifting of strike notice will mean DHBs can operate as usual next week . I know this will be a huge relief to patients , ” said Mr Clark .
3-D-printed robotic arm translates words into sign language Scientists have created a robotic arm to translate spoken words into sign language gestures so that deaf people can understand what is being said . The robot is called ASLAN and ...
This 3-D-printed house costs $ 10,000 and can be built in 24 hours One of the less obvious products being unveiled this week at SXSW is a small concrete house . On the outside , it does n't look like anything particularly special , although the covered ...
New Queen Nefertiti bust sparks ‘ whitewash ' row A 3D model of Egyptian Queen Nefertiti 's face has sparked a race row — with many claiming it should be darker . Working from the mummy , scientists from the University of ...
Kids receive new ears 3D-printed using their own cells Scientists have successfully transplanted lab-grown ears onto five children with a serious condition that affects ear development . The children — who all suffer from microtia , which deforms the ear — ...
9,000-year-old teen sports resting bitch face Scientists have reconstructed the face of a 9,000-year-old Greek teenage girl , and her sour puss will look familiar to the parent of any adolescent . Dubbed Avgi by archaeologists , she lived ...
10-year-old getting bionic hand in time for Christmas A 10-year-old boy who was born without a right hand is getting the gift of a lifetime just in time for Christmas . Cameron Millar , from Edinburgh in Scotland , was able ...
Controversial 'suicide machine ' uses 3D printing to assemble anywhere A high-tech “ suicide machine ” is being touted by a euthanasia advocacy group . It 's called the Sarco capsule and it has a single , simple purpose : to help you commit suicide , painlessly ...
These scientific advances could improve lives — or destroy them Going up ? Many of us have dreamed about blasting into space sometime in our lives . But if some scientists have their way , it wo n't be in a spaceship or a ...
World 's first 3D printed jacket costs $ 1,500 Fashion is all about pushing boundaries . No one knows that better than Danit Peleg , a fashion-forward designer based in Tel-Aviv , Israel , who is blurring the borders between fashion and technology ...
Then in September , on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly , Trump discussed it again , this time at greater length , in a private dinner with leaders from four Latin American allies that included Santos , the same three people said and Politico reported in February .
The U.S. official said Trump was specifically briefed not to raise the issue and told it would n't play well , but the first thing the president said at the dinner was , `` My staff told me not to say this . '' Trump then went around asking each leader if they were sure they did n't want a military solution , according to the official , who added that each leader told Trump in clear terms they were sure .
Eventually , McMaster would pull aside the president and walk him through the dangers of an invasion , the official said .
Taken together , the behind-the-scenes talks , the extent and details of which have not been previously reported , highlight how Venezuela 's political and economic crisis has received top attention under Trump in a way that was unimaginable in the Obama administration . But critics say it also underscores how his `` America First '' foreign policy at times can seem outright reckless , providing ammunition to America 's adversaries .
The White House declined to comment on the private conversations . But a National Security Council spokesman reiterated that the U.S. will consider all options at its disposal to help restore Venezuela 's democracy and bring stability . Under Trump 's leadership , the U.S. , Canada and European Union have levied sanctions on dozens of top Venezuelan officials , including Maduro himself , over allegations of corruption , drug trafficking and human rights abuses . The U.S. has also distributed more than $ 30 million to help Venezuela 's neighbors absorb an influx of more than 1 million migrants who have fled the country .
For Maduro , who has long claimed that the U.S. has military designs on Venezuela and its vast oil reserves , Trump 's bellicose talk provided the unpopular leader with an immediate if short-lived boost as he was trying to escape blame for widespread food shortages and hyperinflation . Within days of the president 's talk of a military option , Maduro filled the streets of Caracas with loyalists to condemn `` Emperor '' Trump 's belligerence , ordered up nationwide military exercises and threatened with arrest opponents he said were plotting his overthrow with the U.S .
`` Mind your own business and solve your own problems , Mr . Trump ! '' thundered Nicolas Maduro , the president 's son , at the government-stacked constituent assembly . `` If Venezuela were attacked , the rifles will arrive in New York , Mr. Trump , '' the younger Maduro said . `` We will take the White House . ''
Even some of the staunchest U.S. allies were begrudgingly forced to side with Maduro in condemning Trump 's saber rattling . Santos , a big backer of U.S. attempts to isolate Maduro , said an invasion would have zero support in the region . The Mercosur trade bloc , which includes Brazil and Argentina , issued a statement saying `` the only acceptable means of promoting democracy are dialogue and diplomacy '' and repudiating `` any option that implies the use of force . ''
But among Venezuela 's beleaguered opposition movement , hostility to the idea of a military intervention has slowly eased .
A few weeks after Trump 's public comments , Harvard economics professor Ricardo Hausmann , a former Venezuelan planning minister , wrote a syndicated column titled `` D Day Venezuela , '' in which he called for a `` coalition of the willing '' made up of regional powers and the U.S. to step in and support militarily a government appointed by the opposition-led national assembly .
Mark Feierstein , who oversaw Latin America on the National Security Council during the Obama administration , said that strident U.S. action on Venezuela , however commendable , wo n't loosen Maduro 's grip on power if it 's not accompanied by pressure from the streets . However , he thinks Venezuelans have largely been demoralized after a crackdown on protests last year triggered dozens of deaths , and the threat of more repression has forced dozens of opposition leaders into exile .
`` People inside and outside the administration know they can ignore plenty of what Trump says , '' Feierstein , who is now a senior adviser at the Albright Stonebridge Group , said of Trump 's talk of military invasion of Venezuela . `` The concern is that it raised expectations among Venezuelans , many of whom are waiting for an external actor to save them . ''
Russia 's Prime Minister Vladimir Putin speaks with Rex Tillerson in 2011 . Alexey Druzhinin / RIA Novosti via AFP – Getty Images , file
To Moscow , the benefits of such a deal are obvious : It hopes to see the lifting of international sanctions imposed after its forces helped seize and then annex Ukraine 's southern peninsula of Crimea . In December ,
the U.S. also imposed sanctions against Russia and expelling 35 diplomats in retaliation for the alleged orchestration of hacking attacks designed to interfere in the presidential election .
But prospects for warming relations have suffered setbacks , chief among them
National Security Adviser Michael Flynn 's resignation Monday over his contact with Russia 's ambassador . Tillerson 's own close connections to Putin have also come under scrutiny .
Experts also ask whether the mooted warming of relations with Russia is even possible , given the failure of the Obama administration 's own attempts .
Trump “ clearly wants to make a deal with [ Russian President Vladimir Putin ] , ” said Chris Brown , a professor of international relations at the London School of Economics . “ What 's not clear is what Putin is prepared to offer in the way of a deal . ”
“ What could stymie both of them is that Putin might not be offering anything that 's viable , ” he added .
Russia 's military muscle-flexing will surely complicate Lavrov-Tillerson chats . According to the Pentagon ,
four Russian aircraft flew in an “ unsafe and unprofessional ” manner near a U.S. Navy destroyer in the Black Sea last week .
China and North Korea
While Russia 's relationship with the White House has come under scrutiny in recent weeks , some experts believe that China-U.S. ties pose the most serious challenge .
According to Reuters , Tillerson has already played a key role in convincing Trump to change course and
commit to recognize the “ One China ” policy . This was a key step in beginning to normalize relations between the governments , after Trump repeatedly lashed out at China and broke with longstanding U.S. policy by taking a call from the president of Taiwan .
Related :
China Is Both Threat , Opportunity for Trump
With China more economically able and politically inclined to assert itself globally , Tillerson will have to tread delicately in his relationship with Beijing .
In addition , China 's status as nuclear-armed North Korea 's most important ally means that the U.S. has a significant interest in developing a relationship that would which would allow Tillerson to try and pressure Pyongyang through Beijing .
China 's help in containing North Korea , which has tested one ballistic missile since Trump came to office , will be crucial .
However , Tillerson 's comments during his confirmation hearings that the U.S. should “ block access ” to disputed islands China has reclaimed in disputed regions of the South China Sea set off a
war of words with Beijing , suggesting that balancing the needs of Trump 's “ America First ” stance with diplomacy could be problematic .
NATO and Europe
During the presidential campaign Trump sent spasms of anxiety through America 's NATO partners ,
blasting the transatlantic military alliance as “ obsolete , ” and suggesting the U.S. would not come to the aid of allies who were attacked unless they boosted financial contributions .
Experts say that comments like these , combined with Trump 's oft-expressed admiration for Putin , have left NATO members fearful that the alliance 's strongest member would not defend them in the event of Russian aggression .
“ It 's not a five-alarm fire yet , because that 's been talk and what comes now is actual concrete policy , ” said Adam Quinn , an expert in international politics at the U.K. 's University of Birmingham . “ The Europeans will be keen to see … if they can steer the administration toward something more like what they would see as a workable solution . ”
Trump 's vocal support for
Britain quitting the European Union , known as Brexit , has also ruffled feathers in Europe .
At a recent summit of European leaders in Malta , presidents and prime ministers , including France 's Francois Hollande , lined up to denounce Trump 's comments on relations with Europe , branding the president 's positions as “ extremism . ”
Tillerson has already begun the process of trying to smooth out the relationship with EU , meeting with the bloc 's foreign policy chief , Federica Mogherini , in Washington , D.C. , earlier this month .
Iran
Tillerson will face a complex set of challenges in the Middle East — with Iran among them .
Tehran and Washington are on opposite sides of a number of conflicts , with Iran helping prop up Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad and training and
supplying Houthi rebels in Yemen . It has also conducted three missile tests since Trump became president , which do not violate international agreements but are broadly seen as a challenge to the new administration . The Trump White House hit Iran with new sanctions for the tests and for its alleged sponsorship of terrorism .
Then there 's the 2015 agreement with Iran that seeks to curtail Tehran 's nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of some international sanctions . Trump called it “ the worst deal ever negotiated ” during the campaign , but more recently reassured EU the administration was committed to fully implementing the pact .
Israelis and Palestinians
Trump , the famous dealmaker , has publicly said that he wants to kick-start a renewed push for peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians . He has also suggested his son-in-law Jared Kushner could “ make peace ” between the two sides — a goal that has defeated previous administrations .
What exactly Trump — and Tillerson — plan to do is unclear .
What is clear is that the new U.S. president is seen as
sympathetic to hard-line Israeli settlements on private Palestinian land , an issue at the heart of the conflict . The president has also pledged to move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem — something that would likely enrage Palestinians and other Arabs .
He also named David Friedman — who voiced skepticism of a two-state solution , the bedrock of U.S. policy for the conflict , and compared left-leaning pro-Israel groups to Jews who collaborated with Nazis — as his ambassador to Israel .
But while many Israeli nationalists believe they have an ally in Trump , the White House has also said “ the construction of new settlements or the expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful ” in a achieving peace .
ISIS
Trump could not have been clearer during the campaign : He would crush ISIS , and Obama 's war against the extremists was “ a disaster . ”
One piece of good news is that by the time Trump got to the White House ISIS has been run out of all major cities in Iraq and Syria except for Mosul and Raqqa . But they still pose a threat , and not only in the Middle East .
And Trump 's signature step to combat extremist acts on American soil —
his travel ban on seven Muslim-majority countries — has been stalled in the U.S. courts .
Stepping up the fight against ISIS in the Middle East could involve more boots on the ground — something Trump has said he is opposed to .
SandRidge Energy Inc. has rejected Midstates Petroleum Co. 's unsolicited offer , saying the numbers did n't make a deal feasible , but it has hired advisers and said it is open to other options — that may include Midstates .
The decision to turn down Midstates ' stock-merger bid , SandRidge said Monday , “ was primarily based on significantly differing opinions of Midstates ' proven oil and gas reserves , largely related to the assessment of the number of economically viable drilling locations at current oil and gas prices . ”
A representative from Midstates MPO , +2.24 % could n't be immediately reached for comment Monday , but last week , when the company reported financial results , Midstates Chief Executive David Sambrooks said the bid would create “ a strong formidable company that unlocks substantial value for both of our shareholders . ”
SandRidge SD , -2.83 % , an early player in the American shale boom , has faced investor pushback from the likes of Carl Icahn following its since-killed bid to buy Bonanza Creek Energy Inc. BCEI , -2.51 % That offer — announced in early November and terminated in late December — cost SandRidge about $ 8.2 million , according to a securities filing .
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com .
Also popular on WSJ.com :
The next housing crisis : A historic shortage of new homes .
Uber suspends driverless-car program after pedestrian is killed .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average opened sharply higher on Monday after deescalating tension with North Korea eased pressure on markets .
With futures indicating a strong start to the week , the Dow quickly soared by over 140 points after the opening bell , with the S & P up by 14 points .
“ What we 're seeing is a bit of a relief rally , ” Peter Cardillo , chief market economist at First Standard Financial , told CNBC . “ The reason for that is the rhetoric has toned down , for the moment . ”
Over the weekend , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Secretary of Defense James Mattis penned an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal that sought to clarify the extent to which diplomatic solutions with Pyongyang would be pursued . The authors wrote of Donald Trump 's administration 's “ peaceful pressure campaign ” and “ diplomatic approach ” to North Korea 's denuclearization , while noting the regime 's “ dishonesty ” and “ repeated violations . ”
Although markets are constantly trying to anticipate , historically there is “ relatively little volatility when it comes to stock market and North Korean provocations , ” Kent Boydston , a research analyst at the Peterson Institute for International Economics , told NBC News .
Related : Wall Street Is Taking Note of Trump , Kim War of Words
The rebound in equities reflects renewed confidence in assets and the global economy in general , including data from Japan that showed economic growth at 4 percent , marking that nation 's longest growth streak since 2006 .
American Apparel making goods outside US for first time For the first time in American Apparel 's 28-year history , its items are being made outside the US , The Post has learned . The company , which prided itself on being the largest ...
Why 'Made in America ' is so hard to do Long before President Trump , American Apparel was making America great again : making clothes in Los Angeles and selling them to the mass market . Now , American Apparel is closing up shop ....
American Apparel lays off nearly all of its workers The ax fell hard at American Apparel on Monday . Nearly all of the once-edgy retailer 's 3,400 employees were let go , just days after a bankruptcy judge approved the sale of ...
American Apparel is moving to Canada American Apparel is heading north — as in Canada . A Delaware bankruptcy judge on Thursday approved the sale of the Los Angeles-based retailer to Gildan Activewear for $ 103 million , including ...
American Apparel sold in bankruptcy auction for $ 88M American Apparel got a little less American on Tuesday . A giant Canadian apparel maker won a bankruptcy court auction for the embattled Los Angeles T-shirt maker , it was announced on ...
American Apparel employees fear massive layoffs loom American Apparel employees are bracing for the worst this week . Over the past few days , security has been ramped up at the Los Angeles HQ , where the company employs more ...
American Apparel suitor does n't care if clothes are US-made Do shoppers really care if American Apparel clothes have a Made in America label inside ? At least one potential buyer of the company , which this week sought bankruptcy protection for ...
American Apparel employees hoping bankruptcy will save jobs American Apparel workers are hoping the second time 's the charm . The fashion manufacturer on Monday filed its second Chapter 11 petition in just under a year after it struggled to ...
American Apparel files for second bankruptcy American Apparel on Monday filed for its second bankruptcy protection in just over a year , weighed down by intense competitive pressures facing teen retailers and a rocky relationship with its ...
A Jean Nouvel-designed condo project in Miami Beach , Florida , just got the area 's biggest residential construction loan in almost a year , putting the luxury tower on a path to completion in a market that 's saturated with others .
New York developer Michael Stern closed last week on $ 137 million in financing from Madison Realty Capital to build Monad Terrace , Stern said in an interview . It was the largest loan for housing construction in Miami-Dade County since June , according to property-research firm Real Capital Analytics Inc .
Monad Terrace Source : JDS Development Group
The financing is n't contingent on meeting certain sales thresholds , said Josh Zegen , managing principal of New York-based Madison Realty . Contracts have been signed for 20 percent of the project 's 59 units , including a penthouse that sold at $ 2,700 a square foot .
“ Traction , in terms of sales , would happen a lot quicker if buyers knew there was a fully committed construction loan , ” Zegen said . “ The buyer community knows this is really getting done . ”
Cranes are crowding the skyline in Miami Beach as builders add more condos in a city that 's already working through a glut of them . There are 2,963 condos currently listed for sale in Miami Beach , and they have spent an average of 199 days on the market , according to data from CraneSpotters.com .
In the South Beach enclave , where Stern is building Monad Terrace , condo sales fell 11 percent in the first quarter from a year earlier to 242 , according to appraiser Miller Samuel Inc. and brokerage Douglas Elliman Real Estate . Buyers got discounts of 10.4 percent on average , the firms said .
Living room Source : JDS Development Group
Prices at Monad Terrace , where equity investors include Douglas Elliman Chairman Howard Lorber , range from $ 1.7 million for a two-bedroom unit to $ 12 million for a penthouse with more than 5,000 square feet ( 465 square meters ) , according to Stern 's company , JDS Development Group .
“ It 's a good bellwether for the market , ” Stern , who 's also building a condo tower on Manhattan 's Billionaires ' Row , said of the financing . “ We expect it to have a huge impact on sales . ”
Harding High wins state 4A football championship : Coach dances
Harding High battled Scotland County in the NCHSAA Football Championship game at BB & T Field in Winston-Salem , NC on Saturday , Dec. 9 , 2017 . Harding defeated Scotland County 30-22 . Following the victory head coach Sam Greiner did a little dance for the team .
The North American movie box office took in $ 11.4bn ( almost €11bn ) in 2016 , making it the highest-earning year in movie history .
According to the box office tracker comScore , the total beat the previous record of $ 11.14bn in 2015 .
Top of the charts in 2016 was Finding Dory , which took $ 486.3m in the US and Canada .
The latest Star Wars movie , Rogue One , finished the year in second place . However , its release was recent - December 16 in the US - and it continues to draw healthy attendances .
Rogue One and Sing were the leaders over the New Year 's holiday . The Star Wars spin-off topped the box office for the third weekend , earning almost $ 50m for the three-day period and a projected $ 64m for the four-day holiday ( including Monday , observed as a holiday by many . )
The weekend gross made Rogue One the year 's second-highest-grossing domestic release at $ 425m . Disney , its producers , became the first to top $ 7bn in earnings in one year , and the company fielded four of the five top-grossing domestic releases .
Star Wars : Rogue One : runner-up in North American box office sales
Tragedy hit one Florida home on Tuesday and it was allegedly over the pettiest of petty incidents .
According to the Miami Herald , Tony Brown was found dead in his Fernandina Beach home with a gunshot wound to his head .
The culprit behind the shooting is none other than Tony 's wife Lawanda Brown , according to authorities . A .38 caliber revolver was found in their bedroom during the crime scene .
Lawanda told police she was working with her husband in their shared office space for a consulting business .
She said her husband asked her to do a Google search for a project they were working on , however Lawanda did n't like the tone of her husband 's voice while she was searching .
“ The suspect said she could hear a tone in her husband 's voice that he was not happy with how she was searching , ” deputies posted on Facebook . “ She said it was all a blur as the victim started walking out of the loft prior to being shot . ”
Female arrested by Nassau County Sheriff 's Office for attempted murder of her husband on May 29 , 2018 . Visit the NCSO Facebook and Webpage for more details : pic.twitter.com/zaw0qwq7Vw — Nassau County SO ( @ NCSO_FL ) May 30 , 2018
By Wednesday , Tony was in critical condition .
Meanwhile , Lawanda has been charged with attempted murder and she 's being held at Nassau County Jail and Detention Center on a $ 500,002 bail .
OMGGG .
So sad .
Hopefully , Tony pulls through and we 'll keep you posted on any major updates .
OMG : Woman Shoots Husband After Not Liking His Tone Of Voice During A Simple Task was originally published on globalgrind.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz :
THE RIGHT TO VERIFICATION OF THE DEBT AND IDENTITY OF THE ORIGINAL CREDITOR WITHIN THE TIME PROVIDED BY LAW IS NOT AFFECTED BY THIS ACTION .
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN : That default has occurred in the conditions of the following described mortgage :
DATE OF MORTGAGE :
October 27 , 2003
ORIGINAL PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF MORTGAGE : $ 235,760.18
MORTGAGOR ( S ) : Jason E. Henricksen and Bonnie K. Henricksen , husband and wife
MORTGAGEE : CitiFinancial Mortgage Industrial Loan Company , a Minnesota corporation
DATE AND PLACE OF FILING : Recorded on November 5 , 2003 as Document Number 1870341.0 in the Office of the County Recorder of Anoka County , Minnesota .
ASSIGNMENTS OF MORTGAGE : Assigned to : Kondaur Capital Corporation , as separate trustee of Matawin Ventures Trust Series 2014-4 by assignment recorded on June 8 , 2015 as Document Number 2109913.001 ; corrected of record by Corrective Assignment of Mortgage recorded on November 30 , 2015 as Document No . 2124223.005 in the Office of the County Recorder of Anoka County , Minnesota ; thereafter assigned to Wilmington Savings Fund Society , FSB , d/b/a Christiana Trust , as Owner Trustee of the Residential Credit Opportunities Trust III by assignment recorded on August 2 , 2017 as Document Number 2177339.001 in the Office of the County Recorder of Anoka County , Minnesota .
LEGAL DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY : Lot 2 , Block 2 , River Pines 1st Addition , Anoka County , Minnesota .
STREET ADDRESS OF PROPERTY : 5850 157TH LANE , RAMSEY , MN 55303
COUNTY IN WHICH PROPERTY IS LOCATED :
Anoka County , Minnesota .
THE AMOUNT CLAIMED TO BE DUE ON THE MORTGAGE ON THE DATE OF THE NOTICE : $ 344,136.99
TRANSACTION AGENT : None
NAME OF MORTGAGE ORIGINATOR : CitiFinancial Mortgage Industrial Loan Company , a Minnesota corporation
RESIDENTIAL SERVICER :
FCI Lender Services , Inc .
TAX PARCEL IDENTIFICATION NUMBER : 14-32-25-43-0013
TRANSACTION AGENTS MORTGAGE IDENTIFICATION NUMBER : None
THAT no action or proceeding has been instituted at law to recover the debt then remaining secured by such mortgage , or any part thereof , or , if the action or proceeding has been instituted , that the same has been discontinued , or that an execution upon the judgment rendered therein has been returned unsatisfied , in whole or in part .
PURSUANT , to the power of sale contained in said mortgage , the above described property will be sold by the Sheriff of said county as follows :
DATE AND TIME OF SALE :
December 1 , 2017 at 10:00 AM .
PLACE OF SALE : Anoka County Sheriffs Office , 13301 Hanson Boulevard NW , Andover , Minnesota .
to pay the debt then secured by said mortgage and taxes , if any actually paid by the mortgagee , on the premises and the costs and disbursements allowed by law . The time allowed by law for redemption by said mortgagor ( s ) , their personal representatives or assigns is six ( 6 ) months from the date of sale .
TIME AND DATE TO VACATE PROPERTY : Unless said mortgage is reinstated or the property redeemed , or unless the time for redemption is reduced by judicial order , you must vacate the premises by 11:59 p.m. on June 1 , 2018 .
THE TIME ALLOWED BY LAW FOR REDEMPTION BY THE MORTGAGOR , THE MORTGAGORS PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVES OR ASSIGNS , MAY BE REDUCED TO FIVE WEEKS IF A JUDICIAL ORDER IS ENTERED UNDER MINNESOTA STATUTES , SECTION 582.032 , DETERMINING , AMONG OTHER THINGS , THAT THE MORTGAGED PREMISES ARE IMPROVED WITH A RESIDENTIAL DWELLING OF LESS THAN FIVE UNITS , ARE NOT PROPERTY USED IN AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTION , AND ARE ABANDONED .
MORTGAGOR ( S ) RELEASED FROM FINANCIAL OBLIGATION ON MORTGAGE : Jason E. Henricksen and Bonnie K. Henricksen
Dated : September 29 , 2017
WILMINGTON SAVINGS FUND SOCIETY , FSB , D/B/A CHRISTIANA TRUST , AS OWNER TRUSTEE OF THE RESIDENTIAL CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES TRUST III
Mortgagee
THE ACADEMY LAW GROUP , P.A .
By : /s/
Rebecca F. Schiller , Esq .
N. Kibongni Fondungallah , Esq .
Samuel R. Coleman , Esq .
* Corbin C. Smith , Esq . *
Attorneys for Mortgagee
The Academy Professional Building
25 Dale Street North
St. Paul , MN 55102
( 651 ) 209-9760
( 17-0874-FC01 )
Chris Irk
Attorney
Licensed to practice law in IL ( 6300084 ) , IA ( AT0012899 ) , MN ( 0397886 ) & WI ( 1101191 )
Wirbicki Law Group LLC
33 W. Monroe Street , # 1140
Chicago , IL 60603
( 312 ) 360-9455 ext . 7334
Fax : 312-360-9461
www.wirbickilaw.com
THIS IS A COMMUNICATION FROM A DEBT COLLECTOR .
Published in the
Anoka County UnionHerald
October 6 , 13 , 20 , 27 ,
November 3 , 10 , 2017
740520
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Bruce Griggs , 22 , of Akron , exits a federal courthouse in Huntington , W. Va.on April 17 , 2017 , after being sentenced to more than 18 years in prison for causing overdoses on Aug. 16 , 2016 . Courtney Hessler / The Herald-Dispatch via AP
Griggs , 22 , was caught on video selling the heroin at the Marcum Terrace development in Huntington on Aug. 15 that sparked a spate of overdoses .
Nobody died , but police later determined that the heroin had been laced with
fentanyl , the powerful painkiller that killed Prince , and carfentanil , which is a sedative used to calm elephants that is 100 times more potent than fentanyl .
Griggs , who is from Akron , was arrested a week later after he was reportedly identified by several of the victims .
His lawyer , Carl Hostler , insisted Griggs was an “ inexperienced ” drug dealer who had no idea he was peddling juiced heroin .
“ He never had any intention of putting anyone in the hospital , ” Hostler said in a sentencing memorandum obtained by the
Charleston Gazette-Mail . “ Multiple hospitalizations make this a serious offense . It can be partially explained by lack of knowledge and the fact that Mr. Griggs was just a pawn in a bigger scheme . ”
In court , Griggs apologized to Huntington residents for his crimes . But Chambers told Griggs he was lucky nobody was killed and credited the Huntington Police Department and first responders with saving 28 lives .
On the day the U.K. reported its first current-budget surplus in 16 years , some predictably called for an end of austerity . Jacob Rees-Mogg wants a tax cut for higher earners .
The Conservative lawmaker -- best known for his fervent pro-Brexit beliefs -- is a former fund manager and a millionaire . In his view , Prime Minister Theresa May should take a leaf out of the U.S. president 's book .
He said those paying 40 percent tax on earnings between 46,351 pounds ( $ 64,719 ) and 150,000 pounds a year have suffered “ fiscal drag ” as the nation taxes its citizens “ at highs not seen since the late 60s and early 70s . ”
“ What you do when you cut taxes , as we 've seen with corporation tax , is raised more money so you end up having a stronger economy , greater economic growth and more tax revenues , ” he said in an interview in the House of Commons Tuesday . “ I 'm very intrigued by what Donald Trump has done with his tax cuts and it 'll be interesting to see how they affect the economy . ”
U.K. Chancellor Philip Hammond faced further calls to end more than seven years of belt tightening , after figures Tuesday showed the government back in balance on its day-to-day budget for the first time since one-time Labour leader Tony Blair was prime minister .
That will reignite debate about whether to ease austerity by increasing public spending -- as the main opposition Labour would want -- or to cut taxes in line with proponents of supply-side economics . With the country navigating Brexit , economic growth remains sluggish as the Bank of England mulls whether the country can withstand a second interest-rate rise .
Rees-Mogg 's traditionally Tory views put him at direct odds with Jeremy Corbyn , who has taken Labour on a more radical socialist path and who repeatedly called for more spending on government projects . A former banker and founder of an asset-management company , Rees-Mogg lives in a manor house while his mother-in-law lives in a stately home .
— With assistance by Jess Shankleman
You may have seen them on Instagram : featureless , eerie white masks glowing brightly in selfies by Jessica Alba , Kate Hudson , Chrissy Teigen , or even soccer player Paul Pogba . In photographs , these LED beauty masks can make even these attractive specimens of humanity look like Hannibal Lecter from The Silence of the Lambs .
The strange device dispenses the latest cutting-edge anti-aging regimen : LLLT , or low-level light therapy . The masks are studded with light-emitting diodes that pulse or flash in preprogrammed patterns of red , blue , and infrared light . Devotees swear that they are an electrical fountain of youth .
“ While it 's hard to imagine that these devices work , there is real science backing it up , ” says independent beauty chemist David Pollock . He explains that NASA first harnessed the power of LEDs to grow plants on the space shuttle in zero gravity . The light encourages cells to produce more of the chemical adenosine triphosphate , or ATP , which fuels healthy growth and functioning ; fibroblast cells , for example , will become better at producing collagen with more ATP . When the scientists tried red light on astronauts , their wounds healed faster , too—again , thanks to higher levels of ATP . Further research showed the various positive effects of infrared light , as well as visible red and blue light , on biomatter , and thus the science of LLLT was born .
A post shared by Jessica Alba ( @ jessicaalba ) on Sep 2 , 2015 at 5:59pm PDT
Advocates say the masks can help minimize wrinkles ( red light ) or treat acne ( blue light ) , with different color combinations depending on one 's goals . For high-end spas rapidly embracing the technology , the masks have an even better feature : No invasive procedures or injections are necessary .
But you do n't have to visit a salon to try the therapy . For $ 2,300 you can own the same mask celebrity estheticians use : Opera , from Korean skin-care firm Déesse , offers eight treatment modes and five wavelengths in different colors that aim to address skin troubles including rosacea and fine lines . California-based wellness provider BioPhotas Inc. produces a range of devices under the Celluma brand . Rather than a hockeylike mask , it sells a flexible panel , equipped with Panasonic LEDs , that can be used anywhere on the body—handy when you need to treat wrinkly décolletage or an acne-prone back . Celluma Pro , one of its pricier models , costs $ 1,595 .
If it 's laughter lines that have you frowning , just try the SpectraLite Eyecare Pro ( $ 159 ) , a visor from Dr. Dennis Gross . Neutrogena 's acne-busting light-therapy mask is only $ 34.99 , but it requires monthly refills of its portable battery pack for ongoing treatment , each costing $ 14.99 .
Most manufacturers advise using an LLLT mask on clean skin for 30 minutes daily or every few days ; it will take about a month of treatment to see full results . Wearing these masks feels like staring at the sun , with your eyes closed , on the beach ; it 's slightly warm , too , but not unpleasantly so . ( There 's no risk to sight , since the light is n't a laser ; nonetheless , it 's best to wear a sunbed-style eyeguard . ) Thirty minutes under a Celluma Pro does n't bestow an instant glow to the skin , but a day later , it may seem a little firmer .
Not all beauty insiders are convinced . Christine Chin , a Manhattan-based expert in microdermabrasion , laser pigmentation erasure , and other treatments , prefers the instant impact of an intense pulsed light ( IPL ) treatment . The biggest problem with masks , she argues , is the commitment . “ For half an hour every day ? Be honest—would you do it ? ” she asks . “ Lem me tell you , it 's hard enough to get people to wash their face . It 's like exercising at home . If you do n't have a trainer , it 's always tomorrow . ”
Image caption The father and son duo have worked together on a number on TV shows
Comedian Jack Whitehall has said he regrets making a crass joke about the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh .
Appearing on BBC Radio 4 's Desert Island Discs he recalled his remark about a bladder infection on Channel 4 's Big Fat Quiz Of The Year in 2012 .
Whitehall said he upset his family and is now a `` lot more careful '' about what he says and `` self-censor [ s ] more '' .
He said : `` I have a relatively thick skin but I never wanted to drag them into it '' .
After Whitehall made the joke in a pre-recorded episode of the quiz show , he said he was on the front of newspapers `` every day for a week '' .
`` That was not nice , because it was something I 'd said that caused them upset and that was the bit that hurt the most , '' he added .
The 29-year-old told presenter Kirsty Young that in the early stages of his career he did not give his family the `` best version '' of himself .
Whitehall 's relationship with his father has been highlighted by joint ventures in the TV shows Backchat and Travels With My Father .
But he insists the more tender moments on-screen can never really be planned .
`` We do n't really talk about our emotions as a family , we 're not necessarily very good at that , but it 's amazing . ''
Family sacrifice
Whitehall admitted the nature of his work meant spending time with relatives was sometimes sacrificed .
`` I got very bad at it . I 'd come to life when on a show and I 'd be upbeat and fun , and when I was with [ my family ] , I was kind of twitchy and on edge and anxious about work .
`` And then I took a conscious effort , I was like , I need to spend more time with them and be careful that I never do that and never take them for advantage , because I 'm so close to my family , and they 're so supportive . ''
He told the programme it upset him when people would suggest his success was down to his father 's career as a celebrity agent .
`` To become a stand-up comedian , the fact that my dad used to look after Christopher Biggins does n't necessarily help you get stage time .
`` That 's the bit that needles me , and now I 've said it people will needle with me more ! ''
Desert Island Discs is on BBC Radio 4 at 11.15 GMT on Sunday , or listen later on iPlayer
A Florida woman has been arrested for posting on Facebook she was “ going to blow everyone up ” during an elementary school teacher planning day , police said .
Christina Marie Maddox , 33 , of Yulee , allegedly posted the statement Thursday night and now faces a felony charge of written threats to kill , First Coast News reported .
“ They have teaching planning day tomorrow and I 'll def be there going to blow everyone up , ” she was reported by police as saying .
Maddox was contacted by the Nassau County Sheriff 's Office and arrested the next day . She reportedly told police the post was taken out of context and she had no intentions to hurt anyone .
The proven formula for creating good luck If you think that some people have all the luck , you 're probably right . But their luck did n't just fall out of the sky . Real luck occurs at the intersection of ...
How to cut out toxic people — even your own mother Everyone has at least one difficult person in their life that they have to deal with , whether they like it or not . “ Our personal networks involve all kinds of complicated ...
How to train your brain to forget your ex Studies have shown that a romantic breakup can feel just as bad as a physical injury , and be just as hard to get over as an addiction , says Guy Winch , ...
Teen 's advice for coping with disappointment : Suck it up , buttercup Seventeen -year-old Ruby Karp performs improv with the Upright Citizens Brigade , hobnobs with Amy Poehler and , as of this week , is the proud author of “ Earth Hates Me : True Confessions ...
How to dump your shrink Breaking up is hard to do — especially when the split is with your shrink . Patients often suffer the same crippling nervousness , embarrassment and feelings of guilt that bubble up ...
A big robo-adviser is jumping into risky securities loans One of the biggest robo-advisers is jumping into the potentially risky securities-based loan business . Wealthfront , with about $ 6 billion in assets , started offering the loans — but on its site ...
The key to getting your finances together might already be in your phone There used to be an app for everything . Now there 's a podcast , too . And when it comes to your finances , we guarantee that listening to one of these recordings – ...
How to avoid friend drama The friends that analyze together , stay together . In their new book , “ Friendship Matters , ” ( CreateSpace Independent Publishing Platform , out now ) clinical psychologists Sanda Neshin Bernstein and Wendy Satin Rapaport lay out ...
Three rules could make you a better man -- and save your life Dear American women , I 'm embarrassed to be writing to you today . I 'm doubly embarrassed because I 'm not really talking to you . I 've tried , honestly , to reach men . But because this ...
A Russian spy ship making its way along the Eastern Seaboard has been spotted just south of a major submarine base in Connecticut , a report said Wednesday .
The ship , the SSV-175 Viktor Leonov , was located about 30 miles south of Groton , Conn. , but still in international waters , Fox News reported .
A US official said the Russian ship was “ loitering ” in the Atlantic , according to the report .
The Naval Submarine Base New London , the main US Navy submarine base on the East Coast , is in Groton . It is home to 15 attack submarines .
The Leonov , which last sailed near the US in April 2015 , is capable of intercepting communications and also measuring US Navy sonar capabilities .
It is armed with surface-to-air missiles .
The proximity of the spy ship is another in a series of military provocations by the Russians in recent days , as the Trump administration has been besieged by questions about its relationships with President Vladimir Putin and his Kremlin associates . National security adviser Michael Flynn resigned this week over his inappropriate contact with Russian officials .
Last Friday , four Russian fighter jets buzzed a Navy destroyer in the Black Sea , coming as close as 200 yards to the USS Porter .
Moscow also deployed a ground-launched cruise missile inside the country in December , a development that could violate terms of a Cold War-era arms control treaty with the US .
“ Cradle of Champions '' is a documentary Bartle Bull directed and produced about the annual tournament involving 500 fighters from all five boroughs .
By T.J. Buffenbarger
After only holding a handful of events over the past several seasons Gas City I-69 Speedway started a regular slate of racing last Friday . The source of Gas City 's rebirth as a weekly race track came from an unlikely source in Jerry Gappens .
Gappens name is well known in motorsports circles from television to high-ranking positions some of the most well-known racing facilities in the country . Gappens had a short stint as a sprint car driver at Kokomo Speedway before giving that up to become a student at Ball State University . Later in his his college career Gappens had the opportunity to work at National Speed Sport News . That eventually opened the doors to a career rising through the ranks of Speedway Motorsports Inc. and their various properties .
After departing SMI and doing some public relations work Gappens decided to visit one of his old co-workers and Friends at SMI .
“ Roger Slack from Eldora Speedway had called and invited me up for the Kings Royal and the NASCAR Truck Race . I had n't been at Eldora in a long time , so I thought I 'd go up . I drove up and watched the Kings Royal , ” said Gappens .
During the gap between the Kings Royal and the NASCAR truck race he made a trip over to see his Mother on the south side of Kokomo , Indiana . On that trip back to Kokomo he noticed Gas City I-69 Speedway . Instead of driving by , Gappens had to have a peak at a racing facility he went to in his younger days .
“ Being a racing junkie like we all are I stopped to look at it because I had n't seen it in about 30 years . I climbed the fence and looked at it and realized the facility is a lot nicer than I had remembered it 30 years ago . I certainly was aware of the success the facility had with Jiggs and Nona Thomason and Jack Himelick the owner . ”
After the visit with his Mom Gappens returned to Eldora and watched the Truck Race . On the way home from Charlotte the experience from Eldora combined with his impromptu visit to Gas City got the wheels turning in Gappens ' head .
“ It caught me off guard that the Kings Royal had a standing room only crowd and actually drew more people than the NASCAR Truck Race , ” said Gappens . “ In all my years in Motorsports I never thought I 'd see a sprint car race sell more tickets than one of the top three touring series of NASCAR . That made me start to think there was something to short track racing and people getting back to their grass roots . ”
At that point Gappens started contemplating doing something at Gas City , but not without some hesitation .
“ I was doing my own marketing and PR thing for a year and a half and decided to track down the owner . I came up and met with him a couple of times and kept thinking about it . Honestly , knowing everything I do about motorsports I tried to talk myself out of it . ”
After a lot of self-reflection and prayers Gappens pursued a deal to become the promoter at Gas City . When everything was finalized in January Gappens had to hit the ground running to put together a schedule . While the late start to scheduling would be daunting to any promoter , Gappens tried to use it to his advantage .
“ The good part ( of the late start of scheduling ) was I could look around and make sure I did n't have dates scheduled up against something in the area that could affect attendance or car count . ”
Fans will see a lot of the staples that raised the track 's profile through the late 90 's and into the 2000 's highlighted by Non-Wing Sprint Cars . One difference though is each night has theme and special activities associated with it outside of the racing along with multiple visiting divisions booked throughout the season .
“ I did not want to have something on the schedule called a “ regular show ” , ” said Gappens . “ I do n't want any nights to be regular here , I want to have every night be special and have that special event feel . ”
Often when tracks remain idle and are revived there can be some pushback from the community . Gappens has experienced the opposite in Gas City where local area businesses are excited to see the track back in regular operation .
“ People remember the track being a great asset to the community , ” said Gappens . “ Everyone from the convenience stores to the gas stations and hotels at the exit here off of I-69 has had a good reception so far . ”
In turn Gappens has tried intertwining the track into the surrounding area .
I 've tried to go and use the things I 've learned throughout my career at Speedway Motorsports to engage with the community and the chamber to make the track integrated again with the people around here . ”
Gappens is well aware of the daunting task ahead and the failure rate of new promoters yet has some realistic goals for his first year promoting a short track and beyond .
“ I do n't know what to expect out of this first year . There are over 800 short tracks around the country and the average time span for them is two to three years . If you can get by that there is a good chance you will be in it for good . I 'd like to establish this as an entertainment facility that 's not just what there is on the track , but expand the fan base by getting the fringe fan or does n't even care about racing to come out and when they leave realize how much fun this is and want to come back . ”
Schedule wise Gappens looks to procure solid divisions on a regular basis while cultivating a couple of marque events to make Gas City stand out .
“ One or two major events seem to be a staple of lot of tracks that have had success , ” said Gappens . “ One or two races a year that you know are related to that track . I could n't go too far out on the edge the first year with that , we have 2,500 permanent seats , so not quite big enough for a World of Outlaws show . So you have to be a little creative with that . ”
One unexpected thing was the rejuvenated enthusiasm from track owner Jack Himelick .
“ The race track is not Jack 's primary business , ” said Gappens . “ He 's 83 years old and really excited about what we 're doing coming into it full time with the professional approach to it . ”
With opening night under his belt Gappens is ready to continue pounding the pavement to let the community know about Gas City 's full slate of races .
With a business that has been dormant you have to bang the drum loud that we 're back . There is where my pr/marketing background is handy , ” said Gappens . We 're on Cable TV , social medial , print , and radio trying to blast it out that Gas City is back up and racing again . ”
It 's early , but that does n't mean we have n't learned plenty about the 2017 MLB season already .
While some hot starts have faded , others have continued , and a few slow starts have teams wondering if the playoffs are still a viable option .
Oh , and there 's a new team atop the rankings . Let 's see how long they can last :
Gary A. Vasquez Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports
CLEVELAND ( AP ) – A vigil has been held in Cleveland for the victim of a deadly shooting that was videotaped and then posted on Facebook .
Dozens of family , friends and community members gathered Monday evening to remember 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr . They carried flowers and balloons and hugged and comforted each other , while urging an end to the violence on their city streets .
Police say 37-year-old Steve Stephens killed Godwin Sunday afternoon in what appeared to be a random shooting while the retiree was picking up aluminum cans . Stephens then uploaded the gruesome video of the killing to Facebook .
Authorities are searching multiple states for Stephens , who is considered armed and dangerous . A $ 50,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the capture and prosecution of him .
Bloomberg Markets AM with Pimm Fox and Lisa Abramowicz .
GUEST : Ariel Cohen , Senior Fellow at the Atlantic Council , on China and Korea , and French President Macron 's visit to the US to salvage the Iran deal .
Running time 06:38
Rumors and claims about Alek Minassian , the suspect in the Toronto van attack , are spreading . Here 's your guide to what 's true , false , and unverified .
Rumors and speculation are spreading online after 10 people were killed and many injured when the driver of a van plowed through a busy section of Toronto . This post provides a look at the factual status of claims circulating about the suspect , Alek Minassian . It will be updated with new information as it emerges . How to read this post :
UNVERIFIED : Claims that have not been confirmed by police or other official agencies or entities involved in the investigation . Treat this kind of information with extreme skepticism . In some cases it 's unclear where it originated , and could simply be a rumor with no evidence to back it up . TRUE : Official sources such as police , law enforcement agencies , or an entity involved in the investigation confirmed this information . FALSE : Official sources such as police or law enforcement have debunked this information . BuzzFeed News will continue to monitor the claims below and will update their status as new information emerges .
UNVERIFIED : Claims about Minassian being `` Middle Eastern , '' Muslim , Syrian , or Armenian .
Advertisement
Neither police nor Minassian 's family have made any comments as to his ethnicity or religion . Rumors began to spread after one witness described the driver to Toronto news station CP24 as “ Middle Eastern , ” although he said he was unsure and added that `` I ca n't confirm or deny whether my impression is correct . '' Despite the witness 's uncertainty , the “ Middle Eastern ” description soon spread far and wide due in large part to this tweet from Natasha Fatah , a CBC journalist .
# BREAKING Witness to truck ramming into pedestrians tells local Toronto TV station that the driver looked wide-eyed , angry and Middle Eastern .
Fatah later sent a second tweet in which she quoted a different eye witness as describing the driver as “ white. ” It received a fraction of the attention of her earlier tweet .
Fatah 's tweet was retweeted hundreds of times and was cited in several news pieces and blog posts , including a Breitbart article that described the driver in its original headline as “ angry and Middle Eastern. ” ( The headline was later changed . )
Advertisement
Anti-Muslim activist Pamela Geller also cited Fatah 's tweet .
Other people posting on Twitter and Facebook have described him as Syrian , a Muslim , a recent refugee to Canada , and other things . Minassian has also been characterized on social media as Armenian , a claim that appears to be based on his last name , which is described on Wikipedia as being of Armenian origin . None of these claims have been confirmed . Remember : Minassian 's ethnicity and religion remain unknown . Some people are making these claims to further their own agendas . Also note that eye witness accounts are often unreliable in chaotic situations like Monday 's van attack , and people can easily misremember what they saw . Wait and see how this develops .
TRUE : A Facebook post from Minassian 's account talks about 4chan and the `` Incel Rebellion . ''
Advertisement
A Facebook post from Minassian where he refers to the anonymous online forum 4chan was posted to his real profile . Facebook confirmed its veracity to BuzzFeed News and other media . The post also included a reference to “ The Incel Rebellion. ” The word “ Incel ” stands for “ involuntary celibate , ” which is an online community of men who are sexually frustrated and often channel that frustration into anti-woman hate . The post made a reference to Elliot Rodger , a man who killed six people and injured fourteen others in a 2014 shooting near the University of California , Santa Barbara . Rodger cited his rejection by women at the school as one motive for his actions . A Facebook employee told BuzzFeed News that Minassian 's message was posted shortly before they removed the profile .
Reddit removed the Incel community from its website last year after updating its policy to ban glorification and incitement of violence . The chat board frequently advocated for sexual violence and hate against women . Remember : We often see fake social media profiles created for suspects in the wake of a breaking news situation . This one turned out to be real , but it 's good practice to wait for official confirmation before sharing posts from a profile , or treating its content as real .
Advertisement
UNVERIFIED : The incident was a jihadi terrorist attack .
Canadian law enforcement officials say they continue to investigate but as of now see no connection between Minassian and Islamic terrorist groups or ideology . Claims saying otherwise are unverified and go against the latest official information . Canada 's Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale told reporters Monday evening that the van attack did not “ appear to be connected at all to national security with the information we have at the present time. ” The national threat level has also not been changed , according to Goodale . In spite of this , claims that the van attack was an act of jihadi terrorism quickly propagated on TV and on social media in the hours after the attack . On MSNBC , former New York police commissioner Bill Bratton said the attack had “ all the hallmarks ” of a terrorist incident . Others , such as InfoWars editor and conspiracy theorist Paul Joseph Watson , have baselessly declared Minassian to be a jihadist :
Remember : While vehicles have been used in jihadi attacks elsewhere , Canadian officials have spoken on the record to say that as of now they do not see a connection . The comments from Bratton were speculation based on the tactics of the attack and not on any specific information . Wait and see how this develops .
FALSE : Minassian was `` known to police . ''
Toronto Police chief Mark Saunders said on Monday night that Minassian was not known to police . `` There 's nothing on our files . We 've looked right across and there 's nothing that we have on him right now , '' he said . Federal Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale also said nothing about Minassian being known to police when he spoke publicly on Monday .
It appears that comments from former New York police commissioner Bill Bratton on MSNBC are a source of the confusion . `` Law enforcement sources are indicating that the individual in custody is known to the police services up there in Canada , '' he said . Bratton also slightly qualified that comment by noting that `` all the information they are putting out publicly is preliminary but sources are indicating the individual in custody is known to them . '' However , at this point both local and federal law enforcement officials have spoken publicly and said nothing about Minassian being known to police . They also said the attack is not being treated as terrorism-related as of now . ( The New York Police Department also issued a statement to say that `` there is no known nexus to New York City . '' ) Remember : Public comments from the Toronto police chief and the public safety minister both say nothing of Minassian being known to police . Bratton 's statement on MSNBC came before the Toronto police chief spoke publicly , and Bratton only cited anonymous sources . We will update this rating if new information comes to light , but as of now the claims of anonymous law enforcement sources do not outweigh public comments by the head of the Toronto Police and the federal minister in charge of public safety .
TRUE : Minassian was ( briefly ) a member of the Canadian military
A statement from the Canadian Armed Forces issued on Tuesday confirmed that Minassian `` was a member of the Canadian Armed Forces for 2 months in late 2017 – from 23 August until 25 October . He did not complete his recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training . ''
Craig Silverman is a media editor for BuzzFeed News and is based in Toronto . Contact Craig Silverman at craig.silverman @ buzzfeed.com . Jane Lytvynenko is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in Toronto , Canada . PGP fingerprint : A088 89E6 2500 AD3C 8081 BAFB 23BA 21F3 81E0 101C . Contact Jane Lytvynenko at jane.lytvynenko @ buzzfeed.com . Ishmael Daro is a social news editor for BuzzFeed and is based in Toronto . Contact Ishmael N. Daro at ishmael.daro @ buzzfeed.com . Got a confidential tip ? Submit it here .
News moves fast . Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email ! Sign up Great ! You 're almost there ! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now !
Teddy Roosevelt 's great-grandson relives TR 's trip through the Amazon They were on a tiny raft , bobbing down the aptly named River of Doubt in the tangled heart of the Amazon , when he suddenly heard his Cinta Larga guide shout , ...
Family dives into the Amazon River to escape pirates An American couple from California made a daring escape from pirates who attacked their boat on the Amazon River by jumping overboard and swimming to shore , towing their two young ...
Leader of pirate gang suspected of murdering kayaker is killed by rival bandits The Amazonian pirate who robbed and murdered a British kayaker was himself killed by a rival who wanted to get his hands on the stolen loot , police said . Evanilson Gomes ...
British kayaker killed by pirates foretold her own demise The British kayaker who was murdered 42 days into a daring trek on the Amazon River was constantly pushing her boundaries . A former primary-school principal in London , Emma Kelty ditched ...
Remote Amazon tribe allegedly massacred by gold miners Members of an uncontacted tribe said to include women and children have allegedly been massacred by gold miners in a remote part of the Brazilian Amazon . Federal prosecutors in Brazil ...
'The Man of the Hole ' lives a life that 's the stuff of nightmares Picture all your friends and family brutally murdered or coldly displaced by illegal loggers , daring gold miners , brutal drug traffickers , cattle ranchers or land speculators — threats from all sides ...
This fish may bite your balls off Juan Gallo could n't believe his eyes when he pulled out the pacu -- a fish native to the Amazon region -- last weekend from Lucchesi Park pond in Petaluma , Calif. , about ...
Viewers livid after Anaconda Man fails to get eaten alive Discovery Channel 's “ Eaten Alive ” special turned out to be a bit of a bait and switch . Researcher and conservationist Paul Rosolie was attempting to get ingested by a giant green ...
‘ River Monsters ' uncovers tale of deadly Amazon fish attack It was n't Professor Plum in the conservatory with the candlestick . So who — or , more accurately , what — killed as many as 300 people in Brazil 's Amazon River in 1981 ? ...
Patrick Mackey has been promoted to service center manager in Jackson for Southeastern Freight Lines , a regional less-than-truckload service .
Mackey started his career with Southeastern as a part-time freight handler nearly seven years ago , in Waynesboro , Va .. He has since served in a variety of roles , including : full-time freight handler , management trainee , inbound supervisor , pickup and delivery supervisor , outbound supervisor , operations manager and , most recently , assistant service center manager in Nashville .
Mackey will move to Mississippi from Nashville , Tennessee , and looks forward to the opportunities the move to Mississippi will provide .
Steve Serby takes some time to talk with NBC 's legendary sportscaster Al Michaels , who is preparing to call Super Bowl LII :
Q : What 's your take on Super Bowl LII ?
A : I think this is going to be a very close game , I really do . Look , the X- factor is Nick Foles . Which one do we get ? But even if you do n't get the great Nick Foles , I still think they have enough to win . Some of these games are determined by turnovers . I sound like a coach now , you run the ball , you do n't turn the ball over , you got a good chance to win .
Q : What are your thoughts on Tom Brady playing at such a high level at age 40 ?
A : Unbelievable . I guess he 's going to win the MVP award , that seems to be ordained right now . I see a guy with a lot of passion , and he and I have talked about this a little bit , about careers that are closer to the end than the beginning . And you begin to savor it maybe even more — I know I 'm savoring what I do , probably more than ever because I know the end is closer than the beginning obviously . And I think with Brady , I think maybe with Drew Brees . … It 's great to see guys at that age perform the way they do and a lot of it has to do not only with keeping yourself in fantastic physical shape , but knowing the game better than ever . I ca n't imagine Tom has ever worked any harder than he does right now . He loves it . He wants to sustain it . It 's a hard thing to give up , I got ta tell ya .
Q : What is Bill Belichick like during the production meetings ?
A : I 've been meeting with him for 32 years ever since he was the defensive coordinator of the Giants going back to 1986 . He can be very grumpy . … He can also be very effusive . You get Bill going about the history of football , you know , what took place when he worked for Ted Marchibroda and all of that . He can sit there and regale you with stories for over an hour . You 're never quite sure what you 're going to get with Bill . Let 's put it this way — it 's never not interesting . I do n't want to say we have a special relationship with him , but I think he 's more comfortable talking to people that he 's talked for 30 years than he might be with sitting down with somebody for the first time .
Q : What will game day be like you for this Sunday ?
A : Just get up in the morning , have a nice breakfast , my wife is here . You ca n't avoid thinking about the game like around the clock , so I 've got a ton of notes and stories and things that I prepared , and just kind of go over them , not try to memorize anything , but just refresh myself . The key to doing the game is let the game come to you . We have 18 gazillion stories , and most of the stories will not be close to getting told , because they wo n't be germane to the game . So I 've always felt that the key is let the game start , see where it 's going , then fold in the information you have to what 's taking place on the field .
Q : What 's the one sporting event in history you wish you could have announced ?
A : I 'd like to know if Babe Ruth really did point to the bleachers before he hit the home run at Wrigley . The Babe Ruth called shot , which nobody seems to know whether he did or he did n't ? I would like to have done that game . Just to see if it really happened .
Q : The most electric sporting events you 've done ?
A : No . 1 absolutely without question , hands down , top of the show , never could be replaced — Lake Placid . Ca n't beat it , that 's untouchable . I would say after that , I had Super Bowl XLIII , which was Pittsburgh-Arizona , phenomenal game . I would throw Super Bowl XLIX in there too , Seattle against New England . I would put the fifth game of the 1986 American League Championship series with the Angels , one strike away from getting to the World Series , and Dave Henderson hits the home run for Boston to give them the lead , the Angels tie it , Boston winds up winning it in 11 . And the other thing that would round out my Top 5 would be Hagler-Hearns .
Q : Your best call other than your Lake Placid call ( Do you believe in miracles ) ?
A : ( Laugh ) . I 've been lucky enough to be on top of a couple of calls . ( Malcolm ) Butler 's interception would have to factor into that , I think because it happens bang-bang and you want to make sure you 're right . And then in the '99 Super Bowl , Kevin Dyson getting tackled at the 1-yard line by Mike Jones , can he get in ? No , he can not . Those are calls that have to happen instantaneously and quickly and if you blow it , you got to live with that forever .
Q : Your worst fear during a Super Bowl broadcast ?
A : I never want to go into doomsday scenarios . We can all imagine stuff that could happen , but I 've never let myself go there .
Q : The Buttfumble — what were you thinking as that unfolded ?
A : ( Laugh ) You saw it , you were n't sure exactly what it was . You thought you saw what you saw , but it was n't until the replay . It was almost like I 'm thinking , “ Man oh man , if this does n't sum up the Jets season at that point , nothing will .
Q : Do you think the NFL is in trouble with the CTE findings now ?
A : Overall , I do n't . I know a lot is made about ratings and all of that , but my feeling is that it 's the No . 1 show in television . Thursday Night just went for a ton of money . Thursday Night was the No . 2 and No . 4 show on television this past year with only Big Bang Theory in the middle . So the NFL still had the 1 , 2 and 4 shows on network prime-time television . I look at it like Apple stock , if you had bought it in the '90s . You 're rich , but that thing did n't go straight up . Sooner or later there had to be a little bobble . And this is the period right now where the NFL is bobbling . But I do think it comes back . People love football , they just love it .
Q : Would you let your children or grandchildren play football ?
A : My feeling would be I 've always let my kids and to this point now my grandchildren , I want them to make their choice . I want to let them know , what I think , point out the dangers , obviously — in anything . My feeling is you give them as much information as you can and then let them make the choice .
Q : What would you change about the NFL game right now ?
A : This replay system has to be sped up — quickly . And obviously , let 's figure out what a catch is and stop all the permutations .
Q : What was your favorite John Wooden anecdote from the 1973-74 season ?
A : We made a trip to the Northwest , it was the weekend that they played Washington . So Seattle was Saturday night , and then they played at Washington State on Monday night . The team flew to Spokane on Sunday , the day off , got on the bus , two-hour ride down to Pullman , and before we got to the hotel , it was kind of a raw 33 degree day , cold and nasty . And John had the team get off the bus and worked out for about 45 minutes at the arena . So I just sat there on the side watching it . They finish up , they go into the locker room to shower , and Coach gets up there , he 's on the blackboard and shows you what the schedule is the next day , and then turns and he says to the fellas , he says , “ Now listen . Boys , it 's very , very cold and damp outside . When you come out of the shower , I want you to dry your hair extremely thoroughly. ” And I leaned against the wall and just thought to myself , “ Not only is their my father figure , he 's their mother too. ” That 's what a mother would say .
Q : Describe Cris Collinsworth 's announcing style .
A : Never saw a guy work as hard . For my money , I 've had the two best analysts ever over the last 16 years — I had John Madden , who recreated the template for what an analyst does back in the '80s . I had John for seven years , I had Cris for nine . Cris sees things that nobody else can see . And it 's not just a matter of predicting plays , but he just gets to the essence of everything … and has a great understanding of the business of television . So it 's not just that he knows football . He knows how to impart the information . He knows how to make it interesting , he knows how to make it relevant . And he entertains . He 's the whole package ,
Q : Madden 's style .
A : Games were done a certain way in the '60s and '70s . And then John came along and kind of rewrote the book . He made the game so accessible to the average fan . So he could tell you as much about as anybody 's ever been able to tell the audience . And yet he did it in a way that made the audience have a lot of fun with it . He spawned a ton of imitators . But there 's only one John .
Q : Dick Enberg 's style .
A : Dick was a master storyteller , and an extremely comfortable listen . When Dick was doing a game , it was almost like a melody . He cut to the core of not only the game itself but … the human interest elements of it .
Q : What made Vin Scully ?
A : In his 67th year of broadcasting , he was as enthusiastic and excited to be there as he was when I first heard him when I was a child . He never lost his edge . You could tell that he was just happy to be in the ballpark . He brought it every single night — nobody 's heard more Vin Scully than I have through the years . I do n't think he had an off night . He really did n't . It was just so astonishing to me a couple of years ago just driving around town and pulling into my driveway , and then having the car idle in the driveway for another 25 minutes because I wanted to hear the rest of Vinny 's stories .
Q : Howard Cosell 's broadcasting style .
A : Unique . If Howard was in a good mood , he was a lot of fun to work with , and relevant , and was able to say some very interesting things . But if he was in a gloomy mood , which he was a lot towards the end of his career , it was difficult , he could cast a pall on the entire crew . And that led to the beginning of the end for Howard back in 1984 and '85 .
Q : Marv Albert .
A : Marv and Chick Hearn are the greatest basketball announcers that ever lived . No question . Love Marv .
Q : The horror of the San Francisco World Series earthquake .
A : First of all , you do n't prepare for it . It happens . I sort of knew what it was right off the bat . It was a petrifying few seconds where I felt as if we were going to be cast out of the broadcast booth . And then it calmed down . It was so stunning and then stopped . And then you had no idea as to what had taken place outside the stadium . And in fact what I remember about that too is about 20 minutes later — and again this is pre-social media , pre-Twitter , pre-everything , so information is not coming in as quickly as it does now obviously . The earthquake hit at 5:04 , and by 5:25 , you got the players milling around the field , and the fans start chanting , “ Play ball , play ball. ” Nobody had an idea what had taken place outside the stadium . It took us several minutes to find out the extent of it .
Q : No NHL players in the Winter Olympics — do you like it that way ?
A : No , I really enjoyed having the NHL guys there . The caliber of play in Vancouver and then Soshi was fantastic . We ca n't recreate 1980 .
Q : Who is L.A. 's team ?
A : Well the Rams are right now , but I think eventually , both teams will be very successful . My point 's always been that Southern California has almost 20 million people . You ca n't tell me you ca n't fill 60,000 seats twice . The Rams are playing in the old Coliseum , so when they move into the new stadium , it 's going to be a game-changer . The Chargers , it 'll take a little bit of time . They 'll be fine .
Q : One game to win , Brady or Jordan , who do you pick ?
A : Which sport are we playing ( laugh ) ?
Q : Your choice , Brady in football or a Jordan in basketball ?
A : I think we go to overtime ( laugh ) .
Q : What was Brooklyn like as a kid ?
A : I lived there until I was 12 years old . Obviously I was a Dodger maniac , my father was able to walk me to Ebbets Field . When I was 10 years old , I probably saw almost 50 games . A Brooklyn kid would be growing up in an apartment building . We lived on Ocean Avenue . We lived in a one-bedroom apartment . My parents slept for all of those years on a Castro convertible in the living room . My brother and I shared the bedroom . We were n't living high on the hog , but it was a wonderful way to grow up , and it 's just something about the whole … I do n't know what it is , it 's the DNA of Brooklyn . I run into kids from Brooklyn , they remind me so much of myself . Ringolevio to me was the national pastime of Brooklyn .
Q : Ebbets Field .
A : I saw Jackie Robinson in this wedding cake white uniform . You looked at the outfield walls — you had all the signage — hit this sign , win a suit , Abe Stark . The double decker outfield . It was unbelievably colorful . I looked at it and I said , “ Man , oh man , oh man , how do I get here every day for the rest of my life ?
Q : What do you hope viewers say about Al Michaels when Super Bowl LII is over ?
A : Probably the same thing as after every game — made it more interesting and entertaining .
Q : What drives you now ?
A : Still love sports . Have a lot of passion for it . I work with the best people EVER . I love the people I work with , I just do , I get excited . It 's the No . 1 package in sports television . The fact that it 's the No . 1 show for seven years , it 's something that we 're very proud of , and we almost feel as if we have to continue it . We push each other , we feed off each other , and we have a lot of fun along the way . So when people say to me , “ Why do n't you think about retiring ? ” No . 1 , Marv Levy once told me , “ When you think about retiring , you 're already retired. ” So I do n't want to go there ? I do n't want to think about that . And [ No . ] 2 . I can play golf now , does n't matter , what are we talking about ?
Q : Three dinner guests ?
A : Ben Franklin , Abraham Lincoln , Winston Churchill .
Q : Favorite movie ?
A : Fargo
Q : Favorite actors ?
A : Clint Eastwood and Tom Hanks .
Q : Favorite actress ?
A : Allison Janney .
Q : Favorite entertainer ?
A : Don Rickles ( R.I.P . )
Q : Favorite meal ?
A : A big ol ' juicy steak
Q : Why do you believe in miracles ?
A : I 'm always looking on the bright side .
SURPRISE , Ariz. — The Texas Rangers have claimed first baseman Tommy Joseph off waivers from the Philadelphia Phillies .
The Rangers made the move Monday , a week after the Phillies designated him for assignment when they signed free agent pitcher Jake Arrieta .
The 26-year-old Joseph hit over 20 home runs in each of his two seasons in the majors . He batted .240 with 22 homers and 69 RBIs while starting 125 times at first last year .
Philadelphia signed power-hitting free agent Carlos Santana to play first this season .
Joseph was traded from San Francisco to the Phillies in July 2012 as part of a package for outfielder Hunter Pence . Highly regarded at the time , Joseph was projected to be Philadelphia 's catcher of the future until a series of concussions prompted the Phillies to turn him into a first baseman three years later .
Joseph made his big league debut in May 2016 and hit .257 with 21 home runs and 47 RBIs .
In 11 spring training games this year , Joseph hit .429 ( 9 for 21 ) before being cut .
Texas put right-hander Clayton Blackburn on the 60-day disabled list with a strained right elbow . He is expected to miss four to six weeks .
In his next round of questioning on Case 4000 , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is expected to be asked whether he was involved in obstructing the investigation , Channel 2 News reported on Monday .
The report quoted legal sources who said Netanyahu 's close adviser Nir Hefetz , who recently turned state 's witness in the case , ordered text messages deleted that could indicate influence over Walla 's coverage of the investigation , and he might not have operated on his own but received directions or approval from a higher authority .
In addition to asking him about his involvement in the case , the police are planning to check if Netanyahu “ knew about the obstruction that took place before the investigation started , ” the report said.Otherwise known as the “ Bezeq case , ” Case 4000 looks into the relations between Netanyahu and Bezeq telecommunications company controlling shareholder Shaul Elovitch . Police suspect Netanyahu acted to benefit Bezeq in return for positive coverage on the Walla news website , which is also controlled by Elovitch.On Monday , Yediot Aharonot reported that Hefetz ordered Elovitch and his wife , Iris , “ to delete the text messages from Sara , ” which could indicate the pressure for favorable coverage for the Netanyahus.The report said Hefetz destroyed his personal cellphone , which had text messages and recordings that could prove the connection between different figures who are involved in the case . However , when he signed the state's-witness deal , Hefetz revealed he had saved copies of these recordings on other devices , according to the Yediot Aharonot report.When the first set of investigations in Cases 1000 and 2000 were launched more than a year ago , the “ inner circle of the prime minister ” sent Hefetz to “ clean up , ” which meant deleting text messages that were sent from Sara Netanyahu and to destroy phones , the report said.One of the people involved in the case was quoted in the report as saying : “ It was an act of obstruction that was committed like a serious criminal ... Someone who has nothing to hide does n't work this way. ” The Prime Minister Office responded to the Yediot Aharonot report by saying : “ Leaking information from an investigation , even if it is a false claim , is the true attempt to obstruct the investigation ... The prime minister is acting and always acted in accordance with the law . The claims on obstruction are rubbish . No obstruction , no nothing. ” The police did not comment on The Jerusalem Post 's request to confirm the report by press time .
Follow @ insidefutbol
Tottenham Hotspur chairman Daniel Levy blocked Moussa Sissoko 's loan move to Turkish Super Lig side Trabzonspor earlier this summer .
Sissoko was ready to move to the Black Sea Storm and gave the green light to the loan switch , while Trabzonspor offered to pay his full salary for the duration of the loan period .
The midfielder 's representatives pushed Tottenham hard to allow the move to take place , as Sissoko looked for the exit door .
But according to France Football , Levy blocked the loan move .
While Levy is ready to let Sissoko leave the club , he wants the Frenchman to move on a permanent sale rather than on loan .
It may be hard to believe , but there are in fact people today that believe whole-heartedly that the Earth is in fact flat , and that everything we 've been taught about space/the planet our whole lives is part of a grand-conspiracy .
Now I 'm certainly not a shunner of conspiracies…I think there 's definitely things in life that are n't as they may appear on the surface…
But FLAT EARTH ? ?
Setting aside everything we 've come to know about science over the years that disprove any flat-earth theories…who benefits from such a lie ? What 's the point ? And could a lie on such a grand scale REALLY be maintained all these years ?
Anyway , I read this article and thought it had a very interesting hypothetical idea for a TV show…Why not let these people go out to find the edge of the earth and film the whole process ! At the very least we 'd get some entertainment out of it . Whataya think , would you watch it ? ? Read more HERE
'DWTS ' top tearjerker moments from Week 3 Monday night 's “ Dancing With the Stars ” might as well have been sponsored by Kleenex , because there was n't a dry eye in the house . The celebrity contestants hit the ballroom with ...
Billy Dee Williams ' DWTS 'Star Wars ' dance so bad , you ca n't stop watching May the force be with you , Billy Dee Williams — because you 're going to need some sort of divine intervention on “ Dancing With the Stars. ” Williams , one of the new “ DWTS ” ...
Image caption Twenty-one people died in two explosions in Birmingham in November 1974
Families of the 21 victims of the 1974 Birmingham pub bombings are calling on the DUP and Sinn Féin to make progress on a truth recovery process .
Representatives of `` Justice for the 21 '' are in NI to meet Arlene Foster and Michelle O'Neill in separate Stormont meetings .
Twenty one people died and 182 were injured when bombs exploded in two Birmingham pubs in November 1974 .
The IRA has never acknowledged responsibility for the attacks .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The bombs were widely acknowledged to be the work of the IRA
One of the alleged perpetrators claimed last year the intention had not been to harm civilians , and that their deaths had been caused by a delay in delivering a telephone warning .
The families are continuing in their legal battle for the inquest to name those believed to be responsible .
Image caption Julie Hambleton 's teenage sister died in the bombings .
Julie Hambleton , whose 18-year-old sister , Maxine , was killed , said the families would be pressing the party leaders to help find the truth about who carried out the bombings .
Bill Craig 's brother , Jimmy , also died in the 21 November attacks .
Image caption Bill Craig is one of the relatives at Stormont on Wednesday
Mr Craig said the families did not expect to find the truth in Northern Ireland but they were seeking support from all the main UK parties .
`` All we want and all we ever wanted is the truth and we 're having barriers put up against all the time , '' he said .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) — Netflix is on the verge of surpassing 100 million subscribers , a testament to how much the video streaming service has changed the entertainment landscape since its debut a decade ago .
The milestone will be reached this weekend if Netflix 's projections are correct . Netflix made the prediction Monday with the release of its first-quarter earnings .
The video service added nearly 5 million subscribers during the first three months of the year to end March with 98.7 million customers in roughly 190 countries .
Netflix still has a ways to go to catch up with HBO , the popular pay-TV channel that has served as its role model . HBO has 134 million subscribers worldwide , including viewers who now get the channel on an internet-only service that was inspired by Netflix 's success .
If Warren Buffett can do a cartwheel , he 's probably doing one right now , as Apple Inc. 's stock continued its surge and notched yet another record close .
The famed billionaire investor 's investment vehicle , Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.B , +0.66 % , disclosed in a regulatory filing Tuesday that it loaded up on Apple 's stock during the fourth quarter , increasing its stake to 57.36 million shares as of Dec. 31 , up from 15.23 million shares as of Sept. 30 .
Apple 's stock AAPL , +1.30 % rose 2.5 % during the fourth quarter . But since then , aided by stronger-than-expected first-fiscal-quarter results , reported Jan. 31 , the stock has shot up $ 19.20 , or 16.6 % , closing Tuesday at a record level for a second straight day .
If the stake remained unchanged , Buffett 's Apple shares would be worth $ 1.1 billion more than they were just a little over six weeks ago .
FactSet
Among other moves Buffett 's Berkshire made during the fourth quarter , it slashed its stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT , +1.31 % to 1.39 million shares from 12.97 million shares . With the stock down 0.7 % so far in 2017 , Buffett may have saved $ 5.33 million by selling Wal-Mart shares .
Berkshire also added a new 8.04 million–share stake in Monsanto Co. MON , -0.04 % , a new 166.64 million–share bet on Sirius XM Holdings Inc. SIRI , -0.42 % and a new 43.2 million–share investment in Southwest Airlines Co. LUV , -0.75 % , while selling off his entire 20 million–share stake in Kinder Morgan Inc. KMI , -0.04 % and cutting his bet on Verizon Communications Inc. VZ , -0.58 % to just 928 shares from 15 million shares .
Berkshire more than doubled its stake in American Airlines Group Inc. AAL , -1.77 % to 45.54 million shares as of Dec. 31 from 21.77 million shares on Sept. 30 . His stake in Delta Air Lines Inc. DAL , -0.40 % spiked nearly tenfold to 60.03 million shares from 6.33 million shares during the same time , while his investment in United Continental Holdings Inc. UAL , -0.14 % rose more than sixfold to 28.95 million shares from 4.53 million shares .
Do n't miss : Warren Buffett 's investment in wearable tech ? ‘ Simply updating ' a ‘ safe bet . '
Warren Buffett 's life chronicled in new HBO documentary ( 6:18 ) `` Becoming Warren Buffett , '' a new HBO documentary , chronicles the life and philosophy of the Berkshire Hathaway CEO . The show 's director , Peter Kunhardt , discusses the project with Tanya Rivero . Photo : Getty
In total , the value of Berkshire 's equity holdings increased 15 % to $ 147.99 billion during the fourth quarter .
Berkshire 's stock has risen 2.4 % so far in 2017 , closing Tuesday at a record high , while the S & P 500 index SPX , +0.40 % has climbed 4.4 % this year , also booking a record close on Tuesday .
OTTAWA — The Liberal government has unveiled Canada 's 12-month UN peacekeeping commitment to the west African country of Mali . It includes two Chinook helicopters to provide medical evacuations and logistical support , along with four smaller , armed Griffons to act as escorts for the larger transports . Here are five things to know about Mali and the mission .
1 . Lots of Canadian aid dollars . Mali has relied heavily on Canadian foreign aid , with only the United States and France contributing more . In 2014-15 , Canadian development spending reached $ 152 million . Since 2012 , Canada has also contributed $ 44 million in humanitarian aid following the country 's 2012 crisis ( more on that below ) and about $ 10 million to support the UN peacekeeping mission , making Canada its ninth-largest supporter .
2 . The 2012 crisis . It started when soldiers overthrew the country 's president , creating a power vacuum that was filled by an Islamic insurgency . The fall of Libya in 2011 busted the locks off Moammar Gadhafi 's arsenal , spreading weapons across north Africa , which armed various militia groups , including al-Qaida linked organizations . France led a war in 2013 that succeeded in driving the jihadists out of the stronghold they established in northern Mali . A UN peacekeeping force was established that year , and it has become its most dangerous mission with more than 160 fatalities .
3 . Canada 's drop in the peacekeeping bucket . Canada 's contribution of 250 personnel is far less than many of its allies . The UN mission comprises more than 13,000 troops . Germany , the country whose air support operations Canada will be replacing , has authorized the deployment of more than 1,000 troops . In addition to the UN mission , Germany has contributed 350 troops to a training mission for Mali 's military . France has 4,000 troops deployed to a counter-terrorism mission in northern Mali separate from the UN 's peacekeeping efforts . “ This announcement is a small but important step towards Canada 's re-engagement in peacekeeping , ” said peacekeeping expert Walter Dorn of the Canadian Forces College in Toronto , noting that Canada 's contribution to peacekeeping has hit an “ all-time low ” of a couple of dozen .
4 . The political peace process . In June 2015 , a peace agreement was signed between the Malian government , Tuareg rebels and other rebel groups . The Tuareg first sparked the 2012 rebellion , but that was soon hijacked by the better-armed jihadists . Those jihadists are outside the peace process . Gen. Jonathan Vance , Canada 's chief of the defence staff , said “ there is a prospect of a brighter future for Mali ” but that “ the basic deconstruction of Libya and the rise of terror groups , terror armies ” has to be addressed .
5 . The human rights situation . The UN 's latest report on the human rights situation , tabled last month , offers a grim update of the situation in Mali . Between January 2016 and June 2017 , it documented 608 cases of human rights violations involving almost 1,500 victims . These occurred across the country , including Gao , where the Canadian air contingent is expected to be based , and further north in Timbuktu . The perpetrators include signatories to the peace process and “ non-signatory and splinter armed groups. ” The vast majority of the victims are men . The abuse included illegal detention , torture , extrajudicial executions , recruitment of child soldiers and sexual violence .
Sources : Government of Canada , The United Nations , Deutsche Welle
The CIF-Southern Section boys basketball playoffs begin this week . So , as usual , it 's time for my predictions on what will happen between now and the CIF-SS finals on March 3 and 4 .
If a team that I did n't pick to go far gets to the semifinals or even wins a championship , the “ you did n't think we could do it ” stuff will come . If I pick a team to win it all , nobody says , “ Hey , Fryer , thanks for believing in us , ” whether that team does win it all or loses in an early round .
It 's a thankless task .
Aw , who cares ? It 's a lot of fun so let 's give it a shot ...
OPEN DIVISION
Top seeds : 1 . Sierra Canyon of Chatsworth ; 2 . Chino Hills ; 3 . Mater Dei ; 4 . Bishop Montgomery of Torrance
Outook : Like last year , the top four ranked teams in the California top 20 are the top four seeds in this division . Everybody is going crazy for Chino Hills sharpshooter LaMelo Ball , and rightfully so . He is worth the price of admission every night . The best player in Southern California , though , is Sierra Canyon junior Marvin Bagley III , who is 6-foot-11 , sometimes plays like he is 6-5 , but never forgets he is 6-11 and should be an inside guy . That 's sort of rare these days , that a big guy understands he must play like a big guy for his team to win . JSerra has to play a first-round game at The Circus – Chino Hills . Chino Hills can overwhelm a good opponent , and JSerra is a good opponent . JSerra 's excellent forward , Sebastian Much , is trying to play through a severely sprained thumb . Bol Bol , who is 7-foot or 7-3 , depending upon whom you ask , makes Mater Dei better , of course . But the Monarchs seem to lack that go-to shooter who can consistently make the 12- to 20-foot jump shot . Esperanza has Orange County 's best player , Kezie Okpala , and Brendan Harrick , who is also a fine player . But Santa Margarita has more scoring options and overall size , so the Eagles should beat Esperanza in their first-round game at Santa Margarita on Friday . In last year 's Open Division semifinals , Sierra Canyon beat Bishop Montgomery and Chino Hills beat Mater Dei . Look for a repeat this year .
Final 4 : Sierra Canyon , Bishop Montgomery , Mater Dei , Chino Hills
Champion : Sierra Canyon
DIVISION 1AA
Top seeds : 1 . Etiwanda ; 2 . St. John Bosco ; 3 . Santa Monica ; 4 . Sonora
Outook : One of the larger quirks in CIF-SS sports is that the best teams sometimes do n't get treated as such in the playoffs . Etiwanda is the top-seeded team in this division but must play a first-round away game at Beverly Hills . Second-seeded St. John Bosco must play at Santa Barbara in the first round . Three O.C . schools have a good shot at winning this division – Edison , Los Alamitos and Sonora . All three have excellent on-court chemistry and splendid coaches . Edison lost to Los Alamitos last week , but Edison was not healthy . Senior guard Randall Walker was among the Chargers ' ill players and it showed . Los Alamitos needs junior forward Jake Eyman , who seems to like blocking shots more than making them , to be on his game fire every time he is on the floor . Sonora relies on outside shooting , which can come and go for a high school team . Edison has a tough road – a first-round home game against Inglewood , then a second-round game at Tahquitz which is out there in Hemet . If Edison gets through that …
Final 4 : Etiwanda , Sonora , Santa Monica , Edison
Champion : Edison
DIVISION 1A
Top seeds : 1 . Harvard-Westlake ; 2 . Pasadena ; 3 . Los Altos of Hacienda Heights ; 4 . La Canada
Outook : This division has a dandy Orange County matchup in the first round – El Toro at Corona del Mar . Corona del Mar should win , but El Toro had a good final regular-season week , so watch out . San Clemente won the championship of a tough league , the South Coast League , but would have to play at La Cañada in the second round . Harvard-Westlake is better than its 16-11 record suggests . The Wolverines played a tough schedule . Their 6-6 sophomore , Cassius Stanley , is very good .
Final 4 : Harvard-Westlake , La Cañada , Los Altos , Dominguez
Champion : Harvard-Westlake
DIVISION 2AA
Top seeds : 1 . Colony of Ontario ; 2 . Windward of Los Angeles ; 3 . Villa Park ; 4 . Cajon
Outook : Some good Orange County teams are in this division , and there three good-looking Orange County games in the first round : Woodbridge at Cypress , Yorba Linda at Buena Park and Newport Harbor at Northwood . Cypress and Northwood should win their first-round games , but that Yorba Linda-Buena Park contest is a tad perplexing because Buena Park sometimes loses games it should win . Villa Park would be an Open Division team if Evan Battey could play , but he used up his eight semesters of athletic eligibility before this season . That 's a nice piece of coaching Kevin Reynolds has done with the Spartans ( 20-6 ) , and some good on-court leadership and play from brothers Myles and Julian Franklin . Windward seems to have an edge over the rest in the athleticism department .
Final 4 : Colony , Cajon , Villa Park , Windward
Champion : Windward
DIVISION 2A
Top seeds : 1 . Oxnard ; 2 . Capistrano Valley ; 3 . Knight of Palmdale ; 4 . Vista Murrieta
Outook : Capistrano Valley has the best shot among Orange County teams of winning this one . The Cougars might have trouble with taller teams . Rancho Christian of Temecula is one of those taller teams . Their best players , though , are sophomores , 6-9 Isaiah Mobley and 6-7 Solomon Davis , and Rancho Christian moves up substantially in class after winning Division 5A last year . Still , it might take this one .
Final 4 : Oxnard , Summit of Fontana , Rancho Christian , Capistrano Valley
Champion : Rancho Christian
DIVISION 3AA
Top seeds : 1.Saddleback Valley Christian ; 2 . Crean Luthean ; 3 . Rancho Mirage ; 4 . La Serna
Outook : Saddleback Valley Christian senior guard Trey Smith , among Orange County 's leading scorers , only recently returned to action after missing several games because of knee tendinitis . Any basketball player who has had knee tendinitis knows it 's a lot worse than it sounds . Smith is as important to Saddleback Valley Christian 's chances as any player is to any O.C . playoff team . Crean Lutheran has two players that can carry the Saints a long way , Tim Ghita , who plays bigger than his 6-4 stature , and Michael Bagatourian . Ocean View is a hidden gem . The Seahawks rarely get challenged in the Golden West League , so one wonders how they will do once they face playoff competition . If Crean Lutheran plays defense like it can and shoots consistently , it can win this division .
Final 4 : Saddleback Valley Christian , La Serna , Ocean View , Crean Lutheran
Champion : Crean Lutheran
DIVISION 3A
Top seeds : 1 . Hesperia ; 2 . St. Paul of Santa Fe Springs ; 3 . St. Anthony of Long Beach ; 4 . Adelanto
Outook : Pacifica and Savanna are the only O.C . teams in this division . Pacifica had a strong December then went 1-9 in the Empire League . Savanna has high-scoring Romulo Howard , but probably not enough elsewhere on the roster to win a CIF-SS title . Hesperia has had two great games against Mojave River League rival Oak Hills , both of which Hesperia won by two points . Could there be a rematch in the final ?
Final 4 : Hesperia , Adelanto , Oak Hills , St. Paul
Champion : Hesperia
DIVISION 4AA
Top seeds : 1 . West Torrance ; 2 . Blair of Pasadena ; 3 . Woodcrest Christian ; 4 . San Gabriel
Outook : The Garden Grove League is a terrific basketball league because it 's an old-fashioned basketball league . Teams play hard-nosed defense , they pass and catch the basketball in textbook fashion , and their shot selection is good . All of that can compensate for size deficiency for a while but eventually some bigger team is going to be too much . West Torrance lost regular-season games to Foothill and Cypress . Woodcrest Christian finished second in the Ambassador League , which is a decent hoops league .
Final 4 : West Torrance , Bolsa Grande , Woodcrest Chr. , Blair
Champion : Blair
DIVISION 4A
Top seeds : 1 . Notre Dame of Riverside ; 2 . Pacific of San Bernardino ; 3 . Shalhevet of Los Angeles ; 4 . St. Margaret 's
Outook : St. Margaret 's finished second behind Crean Lutheran in the Academy League . The Tartans , who have one of the county 's better scorers in Tyler Horgan , lost at Crean by three points . They could get far in this division . Notre Dame is the best team in this division and could advance to the finals via a string of lopsided scores .
Final 4 : Notre Dame , St. Margaret 's , Pasadena Poly , Pacific
Champion : Notre Dame
DIVISION 5AA
Top seeds : 1 . Rolling Hills Prep of San Pedro ; 2 . Valley Torah of Valley Village ; 3 . Holy Martyrs of Encino ; 4 . Hesperia Christian
Outook : This is a 16-team bracket . Teams only have to win three games to get to the championship game . Fairmont Prep , champion of the Express League , would have to play Holy Martyrs in the quarterfinals . Rolling Hills Prep is coached by former longtime Fairfax of Los Angeles coach Harvey Kitani . He knows how to get a team ready for a big game .
Final 4 : Rolling Hills Prep , Hesperia Christian , Holy Martyrs , Valley Torah
Champion : Rolling Hills Prep
DIVISION 5A
Top seeds : 1 . Coast Union of Cambria ; 2 . Apple Valley Christian ; 3 . Desert Christian Academy of Bermuda Dunes ; 4 . Sherman Indian of Riverside
Outook : Six teams have first-round byes in this division , including the top four seeded teams . Tarbut V'Torah is the only Orange County team in this division . TVT has had basketball success in the past , but this team is not as good as the school 's teams of 10 or so years ago . Coast Union , which has only lost to larger schools like Santa Barbara , could roll through this division .
Final 4 : Coast Union , Sherman Indian , Providence of Santa Barbara , Apple Valley Christian
Champion : Coast Union
DIVISION 6
Top seeds : 1 . Carnegie of Riverside ; 2 . Pacifica Christian ; 3 . Foothill Technology of Ventura ; 4 . Upland Christian Academy
Outook : One outstanding player can make a big difference for a team in a lower division like Division 6 . Pacifica Christian has that type of player , freshman point guard Dominick Harris . He will lead the Tritons deep into this division . Carnegie , though , is the best overall team in this group . It beat Corona del Mar this season .
Final 4 : Carnegie , Upland Christian , Foothill Technology , Pacifica Christian
Champion : Carnegie
Contact the writer : sfryer @ scng.com
“ It 's difficult to think anything but pleasant thoughts while eating a homegrown tomato. ” — Lewis Grizzard
Tomato season has arrived and local farm markets are brimming with sensational , seasonal fruit of all sizes , shapes and colors . At the market you may find tomatoes that are deep red and rotund , or petite poppers of bright orange and yellow , dusky purple or pale pink heirlooms , or pale green orbs just the right size for breading and pan frying , or pureeing for cake batter .
A wildly popular component of the American diet year round , seasonal summer tomatoes are now at the pinnacle of perfection . Richly ripe , and saturated with sun soaked sweetness , tomatoes are a conscious cooks ' dream ingredient . Sliced thickly and seasoned with just a spritz of sea salt , tomatoes embody the sun , each heat soaked slice rendering fabulous flavor .
Once considered toxic , tomatoes supposedly became an accepted ingredient in 1820 , when a sea captain consumed a basket of tomatoes in front of a large crowd . When he survived his sizeable snack , the spectators were won over to the fruit and have consumed them copiously ever since . While the tomato is the fruit of a flowering plant , it is considered a vegetable for culinary use , and was designated a vegetable by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1893 !
Tomatoes provide a superior source of lycopene , a powerful , natural antioxidant that may have the capability of offering protection against sunburn and certain cancers . High in fiber , tomatoes may benefit the body by being a cholesterol lowering food and a blood sugar stabilizer . Among their other significant health benefits , consuming tomatoes may help repair lungs damaged by bad air or cigarette smoking , combat heart disease , save vision , and provide anti-aging nourishment for the brain .
Beautiful and beneficial , tomatoes are an ever so versatile crop . Whether chopped into sauces and salsas , blended into silky bisques or soups , piled on platters and paired with creamy fresh mozzarella or tangy goat cheese and finished off with a shower of fresh basil leaves and extra virgin olive oil , layered with zucchini , eggplant and fresh herbs and baked until bubbling , tomatoes make a sublime summer meal .
Savor summer 's heat as you prepare a delicious life !
Hot Tomato Toast
Makes 8 servings
2 large garlic cloves , minced
Sea salt or Kosher salt
8 tablespoons olive oil
3 Tablespoons white wine vinegar or balsamic vinegar
1 pound of tomatoes ( use any variety , super sweet cherry tomatoes would be lovely ) washed and sliced
Freshly ground black pepper
8 slices of sturdy bread , baguette , ciabatta , etc . cut about 1 inch thick
1 cup of chopped fresh herbs ( basil , parsley , chives , thyme or any of your favorites )
2 very ripe avocados , peeled and mashed
Mix garlic together with a pinch of salt in a bowl and mash with a fork to make a paste . Add half of olive oil and vinegar . Add tomatoes , season with salt and pepper and toss until well coated . Let sit for 30 minutes to blend flavors .
Meanwhile prepare a grill for medium high heat . Brush both sides of the bread slices with remaining olive oil and grill until nice brown grill marks appear , but do not blacken . Remove bread from grill and divide avocado mash between the 8 slices . Add herbs to tomato mixture , then divide tomatoes between the bread slices . Sprinkle with a dash of salt and serve .
For more information on Robin Glowa , HHC , AADP , “ The Conscious Cook , ” go to www.theconsciouscook.net
Manager Terry Collins was n't taking a chance that he would be without two of his biggest bats when the first-place Nationals arrive in Queens on Thursday for their four-game series against the Mets , so he left Yoenis Cespedes and Michael Conforto out of Wednesday 's starting lineup against the Cubs at Citi Field .
Cespedes , now dealing with a sore heel , was scheduled to receive the day off after playing the previous two days , while Conforto , who did n't play the previous two days because of back tightness , felt significant improvement , but was benched for precautionary reasons .
Conforto took batting practice after not doing so Tuesday , and said he felt good enough to play .
“ [ Collins ] wanted to make sure it did n't turn into something that kept me out for a lot longer , ” Conforto said . “ He said , ‘ Hey , let 's not make this a big deal . Let 's knock it out . '
“ What he really wants is for me to be 100 percent for this weekend and make sure I 'm good to go . ”
Conforto first felt stiffness in the mid-section of his back Sunday in Atlanta after playing both games of a doubleheader the previous day . The 24-year-old saw multiple doctors , but did n't undergo an MRI exam .
“ I feel great , ” Conforto said . “ I feel good to go . ”
Cespedes has only played in one full game since his return from a hamstring injury on June 10 , and was removed during the first two games against the Cubs this week .
Despite the limited action , Collins opted not to risk the star outfielder 's status against Washington , having already penciled in Cespedes to play the next three days against the Nationals .
“ It 's kind of like in his case , like a pitcher who throws 45 pitches warming up for a game and then you do n't use him . He still god ready , ” Collins said . “ In [ Cespedes ' ] case , that 's two nights in a row where he 's gone through the whole process , which takes 30-something minutes to get him stretched out and warmed up , and then play . ”
With Cespedes and Conforto starting Thursday , Juan Lagares likely will head back to the bench despite having hit .360 in June , entering Wednesday .
“ That 's always a good problem to have , ” Collins said about the crowded outfield . “ Certainly in Juan 's case , left-handed pitching is what he 's been hitting , so he 's going to get some opportunities to play . ”
Reliever Josh Smoker was placed on the 10-day disabled list with a left shoulder strain after throwing a career-high 81 pitches Tuesday . Rafael Montero was called up from Triple-A Las Vegas .
Reliever Hansel Robles was not considered a candidate for the promotion , having amassed a 7.56 ERA in seven appearances in Triple-A .
“ He has struggled , ” Collins said . “ The last reports we had the other day is he 's really struggling with command of his fastball , which is why we had him down there . He 's the one guy I 'm trying to keep an eye on a little bit because this guy was pretty effective for a couple years with us and for some reason he 's just lost the command of his fastball and we 've got to get it back . ”
By Ellie Silverman | Washington Post
Donald H. Peterson Sr. , an astronaut who served on the maiden voyage of the space shuttle Challenger and performed a spacewalk to test the ability of repairing the vehicle while it orbited more than 170 miles above the Earth , died May 27 at his home in El Lago , Texas . He was 84 .
The cause was Alzheimer 's disease and bone cancer , said a daughter , Shari Peterson .
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond .
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter .
An Air Force veteran , Peterson joined NASA 's astronaut corps in September 1969 , two months after Neil Armstrong led the historic first landing on the moon . Fourteen years later , Peterson joined the crew of the sixth NASA space shuttle mission – and the Challenger 's first flight . ( The shuttle exploded in 1986 while on its 10th mission . )
Soviet and American astronauts had conducted spacewalks since 1965 , but the ability to exit the shuttle was an important step toward being able to perform repair and maintenance work on a space vehicle .
Peterson and fellow mission specialist Story Musgrave dressed in 250-pound white spacesuits with attached backpacks that allowed for greater mobility .
Before exiting the Challenger , Peterson had to breathe pure oxygen for three-and-a-half hours , to gradually reduce excess nitrogen from his body . This was done to avoid decompression sickness , a condition similar to what scuba divers experience when changing air pressures too rapidly .
The fresh oxygen made a “ nice whishing sound , ” so Peterson turned his receiver down and fell into “ probably the best sleep I had on orbit , ” he recalled in a NASA oral-history interview in 2002 . “ People asked , ‘ How in the world can you sleep just before you 're getting ready to go ? ' I said , ‘ Well , you know , you get tired enough , you can sleep almost anywhere . ' ”
By 4:30 p.m. , Peterson and Musgrave were in the 60-foot cargo bay , checking maintenance materials that future crews would need to preserve and , if necessary , repair the spacecraft . For about four hours , they appeared to move “ like underwater swimmers ” as the shuttle orbited the Earth at 17,500 mph , The Washington Post reported at the time .
The men were roped to the shuttle 's cargo bay while they tested their ability to carry a weighted bag , use a hand winch and perform other tasks .
After launching a satellite , the crew decided they should test what would happen if the electronic motors powering the ability to tilt the collar at the back of the Orbiter stopped working .
“ We had foot restraints , but it took so long to set them up and move them around , that we did n't want to do that , ” Peterson said in the NASA interview . “ So I just held on with one hand , actually , to a piece of sheet metal , which is not the best way to hold on , and cranked the wrench with my other hand , and my legs floated out behind me . So as I cranked , my legs were flailing back and forth , like a swimmer , to react the load on the wrench . ”
During this test , his suit started to leak . “ I 've got an alarm , ” Peterson told Musgrave .
“ Story stopped what he was doing and came over , ” Peterson recalled . “ We were trying to check what was going on , and the seal popped back in place and the leak stopped. ” They then finished the procedure .
Donald Herod Peterson was born in Winona , Mississippi , on Oct. 22 , 1933 . His father ran a service station and sold furniture . Peterson 's avid consumption of science fiction in his childhood drove his interest in aviation and space .
Peterson graduated in 1955 from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , New York , and in 1962 he received a master 's degree in nuclear engineering from the Air Force Institute of Technology at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio .
Early in his military career , he worked for the Air Training Command as a flight instructor and for the Air Force Systems Command as a nuclear systems analyst .
Related Articles Could SpaceX 's powerful rocket technology put lives at risk ?
DC mayor awards $ 4K to students targeted by racist online abuse after entering NASA competition
Hackers target NASA competition finalists He served 24 years in the Air Force before retiring at the rank of colonel . After leaving NASA in 1984 , he became a consultant on manned aerospace operations . His awards included the Meritorious Service Medal and the Air Force Commendation Medal .
His wife of nearly 60 years , the former Bonnie Ruth Love , died in 2017 . In addition to his daughter , of League City , Texas , survivors include two other children , Don Peterson Jr. of Fort Worth , Texas , and Jean Stone of San Antonio , Texas ; a brother ; four grandchildren ; and four great-grandchildren .
Billie Joe Armstrong 's new songs are perfect in 'These Paper Bullets ' SEE IT Green Day 's Billie Joe Armstrong contributed perfect Beatles- pastiche songs to “ These Paper Bullets ! ” — an ingenious adaptation of “ Much Ado About Nothing ” reset in mid-'60s Liverpool . Now ...
The 10 most legendary celebrity travel meltdowns Celebrities are notorious for getting away with antics that any normal person would get in trouble for . And apparently this sense of entitlement travels because there have been numerous A-list ...
Some numbers matter more than others . How much you make is important , for example , but your financial health depends far more on how much you keep .
Continue Reading Below
Knowing certain numbers can help you understand how well you 're converting income into wealth , as well as the impact of your spending and tax situation on that process . The following calculations can help you make better decisions .
1 . YOUR WEALTH RATIO
A wealth ratio is a measure of how effectively you 've converted your lifetime income into wealth .
Calculating the ratio is a key exercise in “ Your Money or Your Life , ” a guidebook for the simple living and early retirement movements , first published in 1992 . Authors Joe Dominguez and Vicki Robin suggested adding up the annual earnings over your entire life , as reported in Social Security statements or old tax returns . To that total , you can add in other money received that was n't reported to Social Security , such as investment and interest income , inheritances , gifts and gambling winnings .
The next step is to calculate your net worth — what you own ( the value of your assets ) minus what you owe ( your debts ) .
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Your net worth divided by your lifetime income , expressed as a percentage , is your wealth ratio — or what you have to show for all the money flowing into your life . If you 've earned $ 500,000 and your net worth is $ 125,000 , your wealth ratio is 25 percent . If you 've earned $ 1 million and your net worth is $ 2 million , your wealth ratio is 200 percent .
There 's no pass/fail here . Younger people likely will have lower ratios than older people who 've been saving and investing for decades . Knowing your number can motivate you to look for ways to save and invest more so that your ratio grows .
2 . YOUR OVERHEAD RATIO
How much of your after-tax income is eaten up by basic , must-have expenses ? If you 're having trouble making ends meet , calculating your overhead ratio can help explain why . It also can be handy to know when you 're determining if you can afford new loan payments or how much to save in an emergency fund .
A must-have expense is one that ca n't be delayed or skipped without serious consequences . They include shelter costs , transportation , groceries , utilities , insurance , minimum loan payments and child care . In their book “ All Your Worth , ” bankruptcy expert ( and current Massachusetts senator ) Elizabeth Warren and her daughter Amelia Warren Tyagi recommend limiting must-haves to 50 percent of after-tax income .
A 50 percent limit is n't easy to achieve , but it frees up money for “ wants ” ( 30 percent ) and savings or debt repayment ( 20 percent ) . Sticking to a 50/30/20 budget also helps people better survive job loss and other economic setbacks by limiting their overhead . Having an emergency fund equal to three months ' worth of must-have expenses is a good goal after you get on track with retirement savings and have paid off troublesome debt such as credit cards . Any loans may be affordable if the payments do n't push your must-have expenses over the 50 percent mark .
3 . YOUR TAX RATES
Your tax bracket does n't reveal the amount of taxes paid on your total income . Instead , the bracket ( also called the marginal tax rate ) reflects how much Uncle Sam claimed of the last dollar you earned . If you 're a single filer in the 25 percent federal tax bracket , the first $ 9,275 of your 2016 taxable income is taxed at the 10 percent rate , the next $ 28,375 at 15 percent and the amount above $ 37,650 at 25 percent .
Your bracket determines the value of your itemized deductions and tax-advantaged investments . Someone in a low tax bracket , for example , does n't get much value from write-offs , such as mortgage interest deductions or investments such as municipal bonds or variable annuities , that can benefit people in higher brackets .
Your future tax bracket matters , as well . If you anticipate your bracket will drop in retirement — which happens for most people , according to experts — making deductible contributions to individual retirement accounts now is a good plan , because the tax breaks from those contributions likely will outweigh any taxes you 'll pay on future withdrawals of the IRAs . If you expect your marginal tax rate to be higher in retirement , making nondeductible contributions to a Roth IRA , which offers tax-free withdrawals in retirement , could be the better plan .
Your tax bracket , like your overhead and wealth ratios , can change over time . Check these numbers regularly to stay on track with your financial life .
_______
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet .
Liz Weston is a certified financial planner and columnist at NerdWallet . Email : lweston @ nerdwallet.com . Twitter : @ lizweston .
RELATED LINKS :
Social Security Administration : Get your Social Security statement https : //www.ssa.gov/myaccount/
NerdWallet : How to build a budget https : //nerd.me/2h4dWq7
Internal Revenue Service : 2016 tax brackets https : //www.irs.com/articles/2016-federal-tax-rates-personal-exemptions-and-standard-deductions
From Richie Murray
INDIANAPOLIS ( April 24 , 2018 ) – After a tumultuous month of inactivity brought upon by Mother Nature , the teams of the USAC AMSOIL Sprint Car National Championship are champing at the bit to get their season back on track this weekend with a doubleheader of action in southern Indiana , Friday , April 27 , at Bloomington Speedway and Saturday , April 28 , at Tri-State Speedway in Haubstadt .
Kevin Thomas , Jr. not only leads the series standings heading into the weekend , he was also the lone driver to win at both Bloomington and Haubstadt a year ago . In fact , the Cullman , Ala. driver is the only expected entrant for this weekend 's events who have multiple wins at both venues . Additionally , Thomas was victorious at Bloomington in 2012 for his very first career series win . In 2013 , Thomas won a pair of features at Tri-State .
His Dynamics , Inc. team has found a fortune of success over the years at both places , with three wins at Bloomington in 2005 with Tracy Hines , 2008 with Jerry Coons , Jr. and just last year with Chad Boespflug , who outdueled Chris Windom in an incredible , see-saw battle during the final laps . At Tri-State , Dynamics , Inc. has made it to victory lane with Tracy Hines in 2002 and Brady Bacon in 2015 .
Reigning series champion Windom is the only other expected driver for this weekend 's races besides Thomas to capture victories at both tracks . The Canton , Ill. native nailed down a “ W ” at Tri-State last Spring and was tops at Bloomington back in 2011 .
Tyler Courtney and Clauson Marshall Newman Racing have been a staple of the post-race victory lane photos in the early part of the 2018 USAC season , with two National Sprint Car victories at Ocala in February and a National Midget win in the “ Kokomo Grand Prix ” at Kokomo ( Ind . ) Speedway a little over a week ago . The Indianapolis , Ind . driver notched his first Bloomington win during “ Indiana Midget Week ” last June . With Tim Clauson on the wrenches , a No . 7 has made it to Bloomington victory lane twice with Bryan Clauson in 2009 and 2015 .
Past Bloomington USAC Sprint winners hoping to redo the deed this Friday night on the quarter-mile of red clay include 2016 Indiana Sprint Week feature winner Brent Beauchamp of Avon , Ind. , 2007 and 2013 winner Dave Darland of Lincoln , Ind . as well as Tucson , Arizona 's Jerry Coons , Jr. in 2008 .
Local hero Kyle Cummins of Princeton , Ind . has won at Tri-State in each of the past two seasons and is always a top-threat at the quarter-mile paperclip in Haubstadt . Chase Stockon of nearby Fort Branch , Ind . picked up the season-opener in Ocala and is a past Haubstadt “ Spring Showdown ” winner in 2016 . Carson Short of Marion , Ill. has been consistently fast everywhere he 's been and Tri-State is the home of his lone USAC victory back in 2016 . Robert Ballou , the 2015 USAC champ from Rocklin , Calif. snared the honors at Tri-State during the summer of 2014 .
At Bloomington , cars hit the track at 6:30pm ( Eastern ) . Adult general admission tickets are $ 20 , children 12 and under are FREE and pit passes are $ 30 . If you ca n't make it to the track in person , watch LIVE flag-to-flag coverage on http : //www.SpeedShiftTV.com/ .
At Tri-State , pits open at 3:30pm ( Central ) while the grandstands open at 4:30pm . Cars hit the track at 6pm . Adult tickets are $ 25 , students age 13-18 are $ 20 and children 12 and under are FREE !
You can make a full-time income with a part-time job .
More than 26 million people work part-time in America — some because they ca n't find the full-time work they need , but many for other reasons , ranging from wanting to spend more time with their families to not wanting to spend 40 hours in the office .
But part-time workers are often underpaid . Many — especially in sectors like retail and the service industries — make just minimum wage , and often do n't get benefits through their employer so pay for those out of pocket .
But there are some jobs where you can make $ 60,000 working less than 35 hours a week — and that often hire part-time workers . Here are five jobs where future job growth is high and pay for part-time workers is about $ 35 an hour or more , according to 2017 data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Nurse practitioner , $ 83,500
This gig requires more education that does a regular nurse , but it pays part-time workers very well at $ 47.71 per hour , which could mean $ 83,000 a year for a 35-hour work week even with two weeks vacation . Registered nurses get paid very well too , should you not want to go through the extra education required of a nurse practitioner : $ 36.94 per hour , with 16 percent job growth .
Speech-language pathologist , $ 72,000
In this job — which typically requires a master 's degree — you 'll diagnose and treat speech and language issues in both kids and adults . Job growth is projected to be 21 percent from 2014-2024 and pay for part-time workers $ 41.11 per hour . That means if you work 35 hours a week — versus the 47 hours a week the average full-time worker across industries now puts in — for 50 weeks a year , you could rake in nearly $ 72,000 a year .
Medical or clinical lab tech , $ 61,000
You only need a bachelor 's degree to do this job often , but the part-time pay is excellent at $ 34.84 per hour . Job growth is solid — 14 percent through 2024 — and you 'll be doing things like collecting samples and testing bodily fluids or other substances .
Clinical , counseling or school psychologist , $ 69,000
You 'll need a doctoral or professional degree for this one , but the hours are typically excellent and you can often work part-time . Pay for part-time workers is $ 39.50 per hour , and job growth is 20 percent through 2024 .
Occupational therapist , $ 67,500
The American Occupational Therapy Association notes that occupational therapists “ help people across the lifespan participate in the things they want and need to do through the therapeutic use of everyday activities ( occupations ) . ” So you might do an intervention that could help a child with disabilities better participate fully in school or social situations , help an injured person regain skills , or assist an elderly person who is experiencing physical and cognitive changes , the note . Pay is $ 38.61 per hour , you need a master 's degree , and job growth is 27 percent .
Other jobs with high job growth that pay part-time workers well — and only require a bachelor 's degree — include dieticians and nutritionists ( $ 26.56 per hour ) , adult basic and secondary education and literacy teachers ( $ 23.01 ) , management analysts ( $ 29.71 ) and mental health and substance abuse social workers ( $ 22.37 ) .
Australian auctions and valuation organisation , Pickles Auctions , is breaking off small legacy chunks in a move to the public cloud .
Pickle Auctions has spent decades building what its CIO Claudio Salinas describes as ‘ monolith systems ' . It was n't a good scenario for an Australian auctions and valuation organisation looking to pick up the pace when dealing with customer demands .
Salinas arrived at the organisation in 2014 and discovered a bespoke ERP environment where core finance , CRM , and inventory functionality had been built from scratch using the PowerBuilder development language .
“ In this monolithic environment , a change to a simple function or update to our systems would mean full end-to-end regression testing , ” Salinas told CIO Australia .
“ Even though the creation of a particular function might only be a couple of days or hours ' worth of development change , regression testing would take a significant amount of time . ”
“ That would create downstream bugs – every time we 'd fix a bug , we 'd have to go back through that testing cycle . So what started as a simple change , resulted in a week 's worth of effort by the time we make our way through testing and resolving bugs and so forth . ”
This prompted Salinas to initiate a transformation strategy , which has so far seen the organisation migrate around 25 per cent of its tech infrastructure to the public cloud . The foundation of this strategy has been to phase out and replace some legacy systems with Microsoft Dynamics 365 running in the Microsoft Azure cloud .
“ I kicked this off by starting to understand the real key business drivers and I took the conversation away from the technology and focused it back on the business ... asking what were the key things that were hurting us , ” he said .
“ Being able to create marketplaces is fundamentally what Pickles are about and being able to reinvent those marketplaces and improve and enhance them is the challenge . ”
Salinas said Pickles will run a hybrid cloud environment for the time being but the organisation expects to go full tilt at the public cloud , inside Azure data centres , in the future .
“ We are looking to shift all workloads , our core auction and operations systems , and websites to [ the public cloud ] . New workloads such as some of the innovations that we are building will be based in Azure . ”
These workloads include an optimised image management capture solution which will go live next month . A key product will be the roll out of 360 degree images of vehicles being sold online .
Some legacy technologies will remain in a hosted private cloud , such as those which run Pickles ' mobile apps , said Salinas .
A low-risk transformation
Salinas and his team have architected the organisation 's IT transformation so it can be completed with the least possible risk . This is achieved by replacing legacy systems in small chunks , said Salinas .
“ If we had the desire to be more aggressive with timeframes and do it in 12 months … that introduces a whole bunch more risk and potential disruption to our customers in the business , ” he said .
Salinas said the speed at which new functions and applications are being released in this new public cloud environment is of huge benefit to Pickles .
“ Our ability to just turn services on and be part of a community and leverage things like Microsoft cognitive services – we are seeing advantages in that , ” he said .
Salinas said Pickles was at the beginning of its journey taking advantage of machine learning and cognitive computing services .
“ We have built some PowerBI apps and dashboards so we are leveraging some machine learning across some of the data sets and building visualisations into Power BI .
“ We 've got lots of ambitions and doing some really interesting work with our data . A real fundamental thing that we 've been able to do now is really just leverage the data sets we have . We 've come from an environment where we have had data locked inside applications in islands . We 've been able to leverage a data lake and that has given us exposure to be able to cross-pollinate data sources , ” he said .
Salinas said Pickles sits on the richest source of used car sales data in the country and the company wants to mix that information with other data sources to provide additional offerings to its customers .
“ We are looking at releasing some data products into the marketplace that have been enabled by that technology , ” he said .
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn . The group is open to CIOs , IT Directors , COOs , CTOs and senior IT managers .
Get the Better newsletter . SUBSCRIBE
We 're in the thick of Girl Scout cookie season and the boxes are rolling in . Are you looking at the nutrition labels and having buyer 's remorse ? Well , do n't panic . Girl Scout cookies are treats ; they 're not meant to be healthy staples in your diet .
“ You 're not hitting any nutritional home runs with Girl Scout cookies , ” says Samantha Cassetty , a registered dietitian in New York City . But if you 're getting most of your nutrients from healthy foods like veggies , fruits , nuts , beans , whole grains and lean proteins — and not cookies , you 're in good shape .
Besides , Girl Scout cookies do have a few things going for them . First of all , by buying them , you 're supporting girls ( and getting some serious brownie points ) . Secondly , Girl Scout cookies are not following the super-size portion trend . “ They 've been getting smaller over time , ” says Madelyn Fernstrom , Ph.D. , NBC News Health and Nutrition Editor . “ So , one or two of your personal favorites can be a smart , guilt-free indulgence . ''
Martha McKittrick , a registered dietitian in New York City , points out that the Girl Scout cookie bakers have added some whole grains to a couple of the recipes ( albeit in very small amounts ) , which is an improvement . Some of the cookies also contain nuts , which offer protein and healthy fat .
They 've been getting smaller over time . So , one or two of your personal favorites can be a smart , guilt-free indulgence . They 've been getting smaller over time . So , one or two of your personal favorites can be a smart , guilt-free indulgence .
Cassetty suggests keeping an eye out for reasonable amounts of added sugar too . For a serving of cookies , she says that 's 7 grams . “ On a per-serving basis , most Girl Scout cookies do n't make the cut , ” she admits . “ But if you eat just one or two of the gluten-free Trios , it 's not a terrible choice — assuming cookies are not part of your daily diet ! ”
The truth is you 're getting a lot of refined carbohydrates , sugar and variable amounts of fat in your Girl Scout cookies . Many of them are particularly high in saturated fat — with most top sellers having more than 20 percent of the daily value .
Instead of focusing on individual nutrients , Cassetty says your best bet is to hone in on the serving size , which is standardized to the nearest ounce . That means the serving size for some cookies , like Shortbreads ( aka Trefoils® ) , which are thin and light , have more cookies per ounce than a denser choice like the Caramel Delites® ( aka Samoas® ) .
Cassetty 's advice is to stick with a lighter cookie and eat just one or two , even if the serving size suggests it 's okay to have four or five . “ A smaller dessert is always better than a bigger one , ” she says . “ Plus , satisfaction declines after the first few bites. ” So it 's a strategy that pays off in several ways ! Additionally , breaking up a serving for kids is a terrific way to teach them balance and moderation for indulgence foods .
Below is our breakdown of 2018 Girl Scout cookies from better to worst . We 've sized up the nutrition labels * with a strong focus on calories , fat and sugar content per serving .
1 . Shortbread aka Trefoils®
Coming in first place , these simple shortbread-style cookies contain only 4 grams of sugar per serving ( and a serving is 4 to 5 cookies , depending on which licensed baker baked the cookies ) . They 're also pretty low in calories compared to most of the other cookies . No wonder they 're a top-five best-seller !
2 . Trios
This chocolate chip , peanut butter , oatmeal cookies contain nutrition-positive ingredients like whole-grain oats and peanut butter , so they 're rolling in at No . 2 . They 're also gluten-free , which makes them a good choice for anyone following a gluten-free diet .
3 . Do-si-dos® aka Peanut Butter Sandwich
These best-selling cookies also contain both oats and peanut butter . The Peanut Butter Sandwich features peanut butter as its first ingredient , contains an extra gram of dietary fiber , and has only 6 grams of sugar compared to the Do-si-dos® , which contain 11 grams of sugar per serving .
5:48 Dave Barry 's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:10 Coconut Grove 's one-of-a-kind King Mango Strut did n't disappoint in 2016 .
0:30 Former Opa Locka commissioner Santiago leaves federal court
2:04 Thieves use sky lift to steal ATM in Texas
1:31 Midday slump at work ? 3 moves that can boost your energy
3:29 WWI and WWII off the Coast of North Carolina
0:56 Baby needs a new home
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer 's disease ?
1:33 Feds break up largest Medicare scams in U.S. history
JUNEAU , Alaska — The Alaska House is asking the federal government not to interfere in state-authorized marijuana businesses .
The House voted 38-0 Monday to pass a nonbinding resolution asking the feds to respect Alaska 's authority to regulate marijuana use , production and distribution .
The resolution also urges the federal government to reconsider its listing of marijuana as a controlled substance .
The measure next goes to the Senate , which has resisted consideration of a formal statement offered by Democratic Sen. Berta Gardner that pushes back against a shift in federal enforcement policy on the drug under U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions .
Sessions in January rescinded Obama-era guidance that limited federal enforcement of the drug , allowing for the cannabis industry to flourish in states that have legalized marijuana .
Marijuana remains illegal at the federal level .
Related : States mull “ sanctuary ” status for marijuana businesses
Even as our precision weapons kill terrorists across the region , we have lost the upper Middle East . It 's time to cut our losses , turn the tables on our enduring enemies and restore our core alliances .
A fundamental problem with the Pentagon and State Department is that they ca n't grasp the concept of “ sunk costs , ” that spending more blood and treasure on a lost cause only compounds the waste . So we cling to fantasies of success in Afghanistan , Iraq and even in Syria .
It 's unlikely any new administration can break the hold of Washington-think on foreign policy , but if we truly want a fresh start that benefits the United States and not our enemies , here 's a country-by-country revamp to renew our strengths and exploit the weaknesses of hostile powers , such as Iran , Russia and , lately , Turkey .
Afghanistan : Leave . Fifteen years of military presence and generous aid have not inspired Afghans to build a government for which the people will fight . Despite its comparative poverty , the Taliban is stronger than it was eight years ago — because it has interests for which men will fight to the death .
Strategically , Afghanistan is worthless to us . Dump it on Pakistan and Russia , both of which have striven to undercut us . They 've sown the wind , now let them reap the whirlwind .
Syria : Leave . Continue supporting the Kurds , but cease operations against the Islamic State within Syria . Right now , we 're fighting the terrorists for the good of the Assad regime , Iran and Russia — while they butcher the moderate opposition and slaughter civilians .
Russia projects an illusion of strength , but its hollowness was recently revealed when the terrorists retook Palmyra — a half-year after Vladimir Putin had staged a symphony concert in the ancient ruins to celebrate recapturing the city . Russia 's “ elite ” forces are stretched so thin they could n't raze Aleppo and simultaneously hold Palmyra .
Russia 's going broke . Do n't rescue Vladimir Putin ; bleed him of money and manpower . If the Russians and Iranians want Syria , do n't lend them our Air Force . Let them deal with the Islamic State . We do n't need Syria , they do .
Iraq : It 's gone . Thanks to the Obama administration 's strategic ineptitude , we lost our last grip on the Baghdad government . Iran filled the vacuum , playing the Shia card . Whether or not one believes we should have deposed Saddam Hussein , we had changed the strategic equation to our advantage . Now that 's gone , and we ca n't get it back .
We 're providing military support to a government making noises about reparations from us , even as we save it from the Islamic State . That 's madness .
We should keep up our anti-ISIS operations in Iraq — for now — while halting them in Syria . The goal is to drive the Islamist fighters westward , onto Syrian soil , where the Russians inherit the problem ( as the price for their new air- and naval-base treaty with Assad ) . Our only long-term commitment in Iraq should be to the Kurds .
Yes , ISIS is our enemy . But let 's stop being patsies . ISIS is a graver threat to Russian and Iranian ambitions than to us . Let them all kill each other while we re-arm . Meanwhile , we can fight Islamists elsewhere .
Iran : Let Iran bleed in Syria , Iraq and Yemen . Respond to Persian Gulf provocations with force . Enforce the nuke deal . Wait .
Turkey : President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan manipulates our use of Incirlik air base . Call his bluff . If he does n't allow us unfettered use of the base , we should leave and take the strategic pain . But Erdoğan should know that , in retribution , we 'll push NATO to suspend Turkish membership and we 'll support self-government for Turkey 's Kurds .
Israel : Support Israel . Always .
Saudi Arabia , the Gulf States , Jordan , Egypt and North Africa . Loathsome as some of their actions may be , these are traditional allies of prime strategic importance . Russia bet on Islam 's Shia minority . We 're fools if we do n't reinvigorate our support of the Sunni majority composing 85 percent of the Islamic world . Renew these alliances , push for greater regional military cooperation and help them find and kill Islamist fanatics .
The first challenge for the Trump administration appears to be recognizing who our enemies are . Russia is n't our “ friend. ” It has chosen to be our enemy , as has Iran . So let them deal with the bloody-minded upper Middle East and the Islamic State . And stop pretending we can be “ honest brokers. ” It 's much better to be capable killers .
Fairness is for sports . In strategy , winning is everything .
Ralph Peters is Fox News ' strategic analyst .
President Donald Trump will sign an executive order in Wisconsin on Tuesday directing a government-wide review aimed at putting new teeth back into decades-old “ Buy American ” and “ Hire American ” directives .
The 220-day review process , which could lead to additional executive orders and possibly legislation , will focus on preventing foreign workers with H-1B visas from , as one senior administration official put it , “ undercutting American labor at less cost , ” which the official labeled as “ an abuse ” of the current system .
Trump Kicks Off Easter Egg Roll at White House ( 1:51 ) President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump welcomed families to the South Lawn of the White House on Monday morning for the 139th annual Easter Egg Roll . Photo : Getty .
“ This is a clear statement from the president of the United States to shore up some of these abuses , ” the official continued . The goal , the official said , is ensuring that “ everyone can have a realistic path to economic success and full employment . ”
In addition to the visa program , federal agencies will be asked to review and minimize the use of waivers and exceptions to Buy American policies as well as assess the degree to which waivers included in free-trade agreements have hurt American workers .
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com .
Also popular on WSJ.com :
Fired KPMG audit head : How did Scott Marcello fall from grace ?
Behind United Airlines ' fateful decision to call police .
Time for that second home in the Hamptons .
The average banker bonus in 2017 is poised to get fatter for the second straight year , as hopes for deregulation have led to a flurry of trading and underwriting on Wall Street , according to New York state Comptroller Thomas P. DiNapoli .
The upbeat forecasts , which anticipate bonuses will rise 3.8 percent to $ 143,462 , are based on a blazing first half , during which industry profits jumped 33 percent to $ 12.3 billion , according to government figures .
“ After a very successful first six months , Wall Street profits are on track to exceed last year 's level , barring a major fourth-quarter setback , ” DiNapoli said in a statement .
That 's despite a mixed year for Goldman Sachs , whose bond-trading revenues plunged 40 percent during the first quarter . Such stumbles have been more than offset , analysts say , by revenues that have surged industrywide as the stock market hits all-time highs .
The bonus projections outpace the 1 percent rise seen in 2016 , but checks mailed out next spring will still fall far short of the all-time high of $ 180,420 in 2006 , at the height of the rally that preceded the financial crisis .
Nevertheless , Wall Street 's traders and dealmakers are on track for their biggest bonuses since 2014 , according to the comptroller 's annual report .
A boom in trading is largely responsible for the surge in profits , bringing in $ 7.4 billion in revenue through June , a 40 percent jump from last year , according to the comptroller 's office .
Securities underwriting — a crucial part of investment banking — brought in $ 11.3 billion , a 23 percent rise in revenue , the report said . Together , these two businesses brought in $ 4.2 billion , a 29 percent increase from the same period last year .
While Wall Street is hoping for the Trump administration to cut regulation and slash corporate taxes , DiNapoli 's office cautioned against removing protections that could cause economic instability in the case of a market crash .
“ When Wall Street does well , state and city tax collections benefit , ” DiNapoli said . “ Nevertheless , attempts to boost profits by rolling back financial regulations and consumer protections could promote excessive risk-taking and volatility and put everyday Americans and the broader economy in harm 's way . ”
Ken Hofmann , the Oakland-born former co-owner of the A 's for nearly a decade , died on Sunday night . He was 95 .
Get Oakland Athletics news in your inbox . Sign up now for the free Athletics HQ newsletter .
Hofmann preferred staying in the background and was rarely interviewed , whether it was in his role as a homebuilder , a philanthropist or as a part-owner of both the A 's and Seattle Seahawks .
“ The Oakland A 's are deeply saddened by the news of Ken Hofmann 's passing , ” A 's president Dave Kaval said in a statement Monday . “ He will be remembered for his commitment to our community and his passion for the A 's . His contributions to our organization are still felt today . We extend our condolences to the Hofmann family , and our thoughts and prayers are with them during this difficult time . ”
Hofmann and his Citation Homes partner Steve Schott bought the A 's from Walter Haas Jr. for $ 72 million in 1995 , fulfilling their promise to keep the team in Oakland . They owned the team when general manager Billy Beane helped usher in the “ Moneyball Era , ” which saw the team end an eight-year postseason drought — the longest in Oakland history — and begin a string of four straight postseason appearances from 2000-03 .
During their nearly decade-long tenure , Schott and Hofmann saw their team win the third-most games in the American League and seventh-most in the major leagues .
Schott and Hofmann later sold the team to current owner John Fisher and then-partner Lew Wolff for $ 180 million in 2005 .
“ Ken was one of a kind , unique individual , shrewd businessman and a true philanthropist , ” Schott said Tuesday morning .
Related Articles Oakland A 's taking another look at Howard Terminal stadium
A 's offense explodes in ninth inning for blowout win over Rangers
Sean Manaea receives special honor for no-hitter against Red Sox
Brandon Belt 's endless at-bat spotlights baseball 's big problem
A 's hit the road after winning two of three from Red Sox Hofmann first became a pro sports owner when he and partner Ken Behring purchased the Seahawks in 1988 . The creators and builders of Blackhawk then kept the Seahawks for nine years before selling to current owner Paul Allen in 1997 .
Hofmann graduated from Fremont High School in Oakland and Saint Mary 's College in Moraga . He founded his real estate development company , Hofmann Company , in Concord and remained a major supporter of youth sports in his community , as the founder of the Community Youth Center and donor for De La Salle High School , both in Concord .
Former A 's manager Tony La Russa praised Hofmann for his commitment to giving back .
“ I knew him because of his commitment to the community early on . Then I began my friendship with ( De La Salle football ) coach ( Bob ) Ladouceur and numerous times because I was at De La Salle functions I saw him . The most important point , it was n't from the baseball side , my professional side . It was from the personal side , just his generosity and commitment to the community really was very consistent with what I had learned working with Mr. Haas and the Haas family . Mr. Haas let you know that it 's not just taking from the community , you give back .
“ When I came to Contra Costa County I ran into Ken , and that 's the analogy I drew right away . Every place you looked , if Ken believed in what you were doing , he was going to support you . He supported ARF in the early days , ” La Russa added .
Ladouceur , the architect of De La Salle 's nationally recognized football program , said Hofmann was a big supporter of the school the past 30 years — mainly because of its academics .
“ He was a real champion of education and kids , ” said Ladouceur . “ I know he was a philanthropist for Saint Mary 's College and San Jose State , but I think he knew ( that ) the most important cornerstone is at the lower levels . And he wanted to get involved and do something meaningful . ”
Ladouceur said Hofmann approached him in 1987 after the Spartans ' season ended with a loss that snapped their 44-game winning streak . Hofmann wanted to honor the team , so he set up a banquet for them . After listening to some of the players speak glowingly of their school , Hofmann was sold .
“ Ken was , from that point on , a big supporter , ” said Ladouceur , who said academics always came before athletics in Hofmann 's eyes . The school 's benefactor built a stunning student center at De La Salle and his latest project was the science lab , Ladouceur said .
“ We were always waiting for the upgrade in our athletic facilities , the last part of the project , ” Ladouceur cracked . “ That was low on the totem pole ( for Hofmann ) . I knew ( academics ) was more important to him .
“ He made tuition affordable , ” Ladouceur added . “ He helped so many kids . ”
Ladouceur marveled at all that Hofmann was able to accomplish , calling him consummate self-made man .
“ He started with nothing , hanging sheetrock , ” Ladouceur said of the man who later helped develop Blackhawk and start Citation Homes . “ His dad taught him how to work hard and make his own way . He went to Merchant Marine and was a boxer there . He was a guy that lived a life out of a Jack London novel .
“ I loved him because he told it like he saw it . He gave great advice . You know with him you were getting the truth as he saw it . He was a wise man . ”
Hofmann is survived by his wife Jean , and their two daughters Lori and Lisa .
“ My mother and I were with him when he passed . She had the distinct pleasure of being married to him for 60 years , ” Lisa said Monday . “ He went peacefully . He got a lot in that others would n't have done in two lifetimes . ”
When asked what message she would take most to heart from her father 's life , Lisa said : “ To act justly and walk humbly with God . ”
Pending arrangements currently include a memorial Mass open to friends , family and community members at 11 a.m. May 3 at St. Isidore Catholic Church , 440 La Gonda Way , Danville , Calif ..
Contributions in Hofmann 's memory may be sent to the De La Salle Academy , 1380 Galaxy Way , Suite A , Concord , Calif. 94520 or the Lucile Packard Children 's Hospital at Stanford , 725 Welch Road , Palo Alto , Calif. 94304 .
Staff writers Gary Peterson and George Kelly contributed to this report .
Image copyright Varley Picture Agency Image caption Julia Lee said she was `` dared for a fiver '' to have a go
A female rugby league referee who was a trailblazer in the sport when she controlled games in the 1980s has had her sporting life turned into a play .
Ref ! tells the story of Julia Lee , from Hull , who at the age of 17 began taking charge of matches .
Ms Lee said she decided to have a go when she `` got dared for a fiver '' .
The play has its premiere on Thursday at Craven Park , home of Hull Kingston Rovers - the club she was watching when she decided to take up the whistle .
More news from East Yorkshire
Ms Lee , who now lives in Golcar , West Yorkshire , said she did not intend to be a referee but had seen a programme advert as she was watching a match and decided to reply .
She signed her letter simply `` J. Lee '' and received a response addressed to `` Dear Sir '' , she said .
Despite some consternation by the authorities about her gender and ability she persisted and broke down many barriers .
`` I felt I finally belonged when I found rugby league , '' Ms Lee said .
Image caption Ref ! premieres in Hull at Craven Park
Image copyright Varley Picture Agency Image caption Ms Lee retired from refereeing in 2000
However her first game at Under-11s level `` was a nightmare as I 'd had no referee training at that point .
`` I had to borrow kit , whistles and boots , it was scary but I always said 'Why ca n't I do it ? ' ''
Later she refereed adult teams , started coaching and set up a women 's team as she `` wanted to be the best I could be '' .
On a trip to Australia in 1988 to watch a Great Britain tour she became the first woman to referee in that country .
Her career highlights were referring women 's international in both Australia and New Zealand , and the Oxford and Cambridge varsity game , she said .
She retired in 2000 after being injured during a game .
She then worked for the Rugby League until recently setting up as a life coach and keynote speaker .
Image copyright Varley Picture Agency
Ref !
The play is to be premiered at Craven Park , Hull on 5 July and is a fictional account of the fight for a woman to take charge of men 's matches but it is based on the true story of Julia Lee .
It is due to tour other venues including rugby league clubs into 2019 .
`` Although the story is adapted , parts of it are personal so watching the show is quite emotional , '' she said .
Ref ! is part of a larger project called Crossing The Line which aims to uncover the stories of women 's participation in the sport as part of the Rugby League National Museum when it opens in 2021 .
His transgender defense just did n't work .
A former Brooklyn prosecutor was found guilty of bribery Tuesday after a Manhattan federal jury decided it did n't buy his claim that he showered an ex-NYPD sergeant with gifts because the sergeant was one of the few people he connected with after his transition from a woman to a man .
John Chambers , 63 , dropped his head when the jury read the first “ guilty ” verdict on count 1 . The Brooklyn gun lawyer shook his head in disappointment after the jury read the other counts .
In total , he was convicted on four counts and faces as much as 50 years in the slammer when sentenced on August 9th .
“ It was very black and white , ” one of the jurors said afterward . The jury said Chambers ' transgender defense only impacted the jury in that it made them concerned that he could face a tough time in prison .
“ Compassion was expressed that it might be difficult fort him serving a prison sentence but it did n't mitigate the facts , ” another jury said .
Chambers stood trial for paying lavish bribes , including a diamond-studded Paul Picot watch , to ex-NYPD sergeant David Villanueva , 44 , in exchange for hard-to-obtain NYPD gun permits — including for people who should not have had them .
The Democratic Republic of Congo Heads to Overtown with a Special Black Lounge Film Series Presentation of Félicité
MIAMI – Black Lounge Film Series continues to bring global Black cinema to Historic Overtown . For its 6th edition on Friday , July 20 at 7pm , the series will present Félicité , an independent film directed by Alain Gomis , an award winning , Franco-Senegalese filmmaker , and shot in Congo-Kinshasa .
The screening will take place at the Overtown Performing Arts Center , 1074 NW 3rd Ave , Miami , FL 33136 . Tickets are available at $ 5 for Overtown residents and $ 13 for general admission .
Félicité , which stars Véro Tshanda Beya , Papi Mpaka , and Gaetan Claudia , follows a proud and tough , free-willed woman working as a singer in a bar in Kinshasa . Félicité 's life is thrown into turmoil when her fourteen-year-old son is involved in a traffic accident . To save him , she heads out in search of the money she needs for his care , starting a breakneck race through the streets of electric Kinshasa – a world of music and dreams where she 'll cross paths with Tabu , a local maintenance man who fixes Félicité 's refrigerator and becomes her companion .
“ At the origin of this film are real people , ” director Alain Gomis explains , “ women I 'm close to – mainly in Senegal . Strong women who do n't accept compromise , who tackle everything head on and refuse to give in no matter what. ” Gomis adds , “ We ca n't talk about hope if we do n't grapple with real difficulty – if we do n't face it completely . [ … ] You have to grapple with the present and go down into the hole . At the bottom of the abyss [ are ] the seeds of new possibility . ”
The music in Félicité includes on-screen performances from Kinshasa band Kasai Allstars and the Kinshasa Symphony Orchestra playing the haunting compositions of Estonian “ holy minimalist ” Arvo Pärt .
In 2016 , Knight Arts Challenge winner Rachelle Salnave founded the Black Lounge Film Series ( BLFS ) to shed light upon the global African Diaspora experience by bringing important international films to Historic Overtown . She is committed to engaging and enriching the Overtown community and larger South Florida community through cinema .
The BLFS series is made possible with the support of the Green Family Foundation , Miami-Dade County Department of Cultural Affairs and the Cultural Affairs Council , the Miami-Dade County Mayor , the Board of County Commissioners , and the Knight Foundation .
For more information , visit Black Lounge Film Series or contact Rachelle Salnave via email at blackloungefilms @ gmail.com .
Food writer Nicola Miller takes a trip down memory lane when she enjoyed an Austrian adventure
A long time ago during a New Year lull and unbeknown to my parents , I ran off to Vienna with an Unsuitable Man , using part of a newly-arrived student grant cheque to fund student Interrail tickets for us both . After many hours on many , many trains , we disembarked at Südbahnhof and made our way to the Danube where the banks were glazed with ice and I , shivering in a thin cloth coat , watched Viennese women , sleek as seals in fur and wool , walk briskly past . They were , no doubt , on their way to one of the many coffee houses that the city is deservedly famous for .
Food writer Nicola Miller
Although they originated in the 17th century , it took until 2011 for Vienna 's coffee houses to be put on UNESCO 's Intangible Cultural Heritage list , places “ where time and space are consumed , but only the coffee is found on the bill ” , where locals linger , debate , read newspapers , eat and people-watch . Nobody does this as intensely and with such commitment as the Austrians do . I ca n't recall the name of the place we ended up at , but we were seated at a table topped with marble where we drank tall glasses of fiaker , handily depth-charged with rum and topped off by mounds of whipped cream to ward off the cold and ate slices of poppy seed pie . We watched as elaborate displays of pastries and cakes were continually replenished : gugelhupfs majestic enough to crown the Emperor Francis Joseph ( he was rather keen on them ) ; Sacher tortes as glossy and smooth as a millpond ; the chocolate-spattered rehruecken , which gets its name from the deer backs it is said to resemble , and my own particular favourite , the hazelnut-filled nusstorte . These delights issued forth from the kitchen in the basement of the building and as they were arranged on the countertops , staff used little brushes to sweep away stray crumbs .
Since that one trip , I have never returned to Austria but as luck might have it , I get to relive the glory of the nusstorte through a close friend of mine , Jutta , who is Austrian and a former resident of Saltzburg where , as she gravely informs me , nusstorte is just as popular as it is in Vienna . “ All Austrians love a cake ! ” I can measure our years of friendship in nusstortes baked and devoured at summer parties in their garden and in the depths of winter , on New Year 's Eve , where we gathered around the table to tell fortunes using the Bleigießen she brings home from Austria .
This recipe for nusstorte is essentially Jutta 's and she , in turn , received it from a childhood friend back in Austria who obtained it from the mother-in-law of someone else . These are the kinds of recipes I love the best . Jutta tells me there are two main ways to flavour this cake – with cranberry jam covered in a chocolate icing , or option two ( which I have adapted here ) where the cake is topped with clouds of whipped cream . It 's a remarkably easy cake to make and looks particularly festive with its snowy topping , with or without the addition of plastic reindeers .
I have spiked the cream with Frangelico , an Italian liqueur , as its chocolate-hazelnut taste suits this nusstorte perfectly . Considering that relationships between Italy and the former Austria-Hungary have been rather fraught in the past , I am hoping that my decision is not a politically insensitive one . However , the best rapprochements are the result of food alliances anyway , and this Italian-inflected nusstorte is a fine coming together of two wonderful countries .
Nusstorte
For the cake :
Butter for greasing
5 egg yolks
210g caster sugar
140g finely chopped hazelnuts
Juice of half a lemon
5 egg whites
4 tbsp breadcrumbs
For the topping :
400ml double cream
3 capfuls of Frangelico
2 tbsp icing sugar
Decoration :
Dark chocolate curls
Extra ground hazelnuts for decoration
Method
Preheat your oven to 175oC/350oF then grease a 23cm springform pan with butter before lining the base with a parchment paper circle . Separate the eggs into yolks and whites .
Place egg yolks in a large bowl and add the sugar . Beat this well until you have a pale and creamy mixture . Now add the lemon juice and nuts and fold until mixed . Beat the egg whites until they are at the stiff peak stage then carefully fold them into the sugar mixture . Once the whites are incorporated , stir in the breadcrumbs . Pour the mixture into your tin and bake for 30 mins . Keep an eye on it ; ovens vary !
When it 's cooked ( use a cake tester to check the middle is done ) remove the nusstorte from the oven and leave to cool then turn out onto a plate .
While the nusstorte is cooling , whip the cream until it 's fairly stiff : you need it to have a decent amount of body so it does n't collapse when the liqueur is added . When it 's whipped , gently fold in the icing sugar then add the Frangelico and fold this in too . Taste and adjust for sweetness and add more liqueur if you prefer .
Mound or pipe the cream onto the top of the nusstorte and decorate how you wish . I used grated dark chocolate ( you can use a knife to make curls ) and extra ground hazelnuts . Some berries would be nice too .
see also ‘ He was driving like a madman and screaming ' Witnesses to the deadly car crash in the heart of ...
The woman killed in a deranged driver 's bloody Times Square rampage on Thursday was an 18-year-old tourist who lived in a small Michigan town but loved the glittery spectacle of New York City .
Alyssa Elsman of Portage , Mich. , was vacationing with family when she and her 13-year-old sister found themselves in the path of the speeding car driven onto a sidewalk by Richard Rojas , 26 , who also injured 21 other pedestrians in the attack .
The siblings were struck just before noon as they walked along the sidewalk of Seventh Avenue , between West 42nd and 43rd streets , police officials said .
Elsman was pronounced dead at the scene . Her sister was taken to an area hospital , cops said .
Less than an hour before the horrific crash , Elsman had posted a video on Instagram showing her standing atop the red staircase above the TKTS booth in Duffy Square , where she had visited one year ago .
The sisters had been on vacation with their mother and one of Alyssa 's friends , Alyssa 's devastated boyfriend , Trevor West , told The Post .
West said he knew something was wrong when Elsman did n't respond to a text message he had sent her .
“ She would always text me back as quick as she could , and when I did n't hear from her or her friend I knew something horrible happened , ” West said .
“ I knew something was wrong . ”
West , who had started dating Elsman six months ago , said she was “ everything ” to him .
“ She motivated me , loved me , gave me everything I needed that I could n't give myself . And now that she 's gone , I do n't know how I 'm going to fill that void , ” West said .
“ I do n't know how I 'm going to function without her ever again . ”
Elsman had told him she was enjoying her trip to the Big Apple , West recalled . But she also said she had started feeling sick while walking around Thursday morning .
“ She felt better in Times Square , ” West said . “ Then I did n't hear from her . ”
Rojas was bent on committing murder and wanted cops to kill him , police sources told The Post .
Of the 22 people injured in the crash , four were in critical condition as of Thursday night and three were in serious condition , authorities said .
Elsman attended Portage Central High School and worked as a “ carhop , ” or roller-skating server , at a Sonic Drive-In , according to her Facebook page .
She had been scheduled to return to Michigan on Tuesday .
A witness , El Marvin , recalled seeing a young woman apparently dead on the ground .
“ I saw a girl , young . . . She was on the ground , ” said Marvin , 38 .
“ Her forehead was busted . Blood everywhere . She was gone . A police officer took his handkerchief and put it over her face . He was crying . ”
Another witness , Julio Sanchez River , 20 , was delivering food in the area at the time and ducked inside a building when he saw Rojas ' car barreling toward him .
“ There were clothes and shoes everywhere , ” he said .
“ I saw a bunch of people in the aftermath that got injured . It was a pretty scary sight . It was really gruesome . ”
Meanwhile , Mayor Bill de Blasio visited victims ' families at Bellevue Hospital on Thursday afternoon .
“ You are going to have to be strong now , ” de Blasio was overheard telling relatives outside the pediatric ward .
Additional reporting by Kevin Fasick and Kevin Sheehan
With autumn here , and the weather starting to cool off , most of us will probably start to spend a lot more time inside our homes . We 're not the only ones to retreat inside when it gets cold — with the changing of the seasons ; many creatures great and small seek the comfort of a warm hearth . And if your home 's open for business , you may find some new little tenants setting up residence and wreaking havoc .
Do you know the signs indicating you 've got some unwanted guests ? What you can do to catch these critters . Finally , how do you prevent them from coming back ?
Mice and squirrels and voles … oh my !
You may easily recognize that you 've got a problem — but it 's not always simple to determine which animal has unexpectedly moved in . For many creatures , the clues are very similar , so unless you 're an expert in identifying animals by their droppings , it 's difficult to figure out what it is unless you 've sighted one of them running around .
You ca n't always tell what 's happening behind the drywall , but if you 're hearing scurrying or scratching in your attic , or behind the walls , that 's a good indication you 've got squirrels or mice . Squirrels will generally prefer to nest in the attic , resting on top of your insulation , condensing it , and lowering its effectiveness . Mice , on the other hand , will chew through it , burrow deep and make a nest . Either way , it 's going to do some damage .
Certain animals would prefer to stay outside in your yard , but it 's possible they could make it inside as a reluctant roommate . Moles and voles prefer the deep , dark tunnels they make in your gardens , but that does n't mean that ca n't accidentally enter . And if they find their way in , you 'd better believe mice , rats , or squirrels may not be far behind .
Evicting your unwanted tenants
They may look cute , but you ca n't underestimate the damage these animals can do . As already mentioned , they can damage the insulation , but also chew through materials around your home ( even metal ) . And if they chew through wires , you could be looking at increased risk of an electrical fire . Not to mention , if they die behind the walls , or drop excrement , you 're going to have to deal with the odour and bacteria .
There are a lot of traps you can operate yourself if you feel up to the task . There are a lot of traps on the market , but I always use humane traps . Bait them , and place them near where you suspect the creatures are nesting . Once trapped , make sure you 're always handling any critters wearing the proper protective gear to prevent the transfer of germs , and to protect yourself from bites .
If you 're not comfortable setting traps and handling animals , call in a pest control expert to help you expel the guests , and help you source any weak points they used to get in .
And stay out
You can send the creatures packing , but if you do n't prevent their re-entry to your home , you 're going to be dealing with unwanted guests over and over again . Animals can squeeze through some pretty small gaps , so it 's important that you strengthen any potential access points to keep them out .
Carefully inspect your home for holes in your window and chimney flashing , gaps in caulking , or foundation cracks . Your garage door can be a surprising weak point for entry — it 's typically harder to seal than smaller doors , and if mice find their way into the garage , it 's only a matter of time before they take over the rest of the house .
Install screens over chimneys , pipes , and vents , to keep intruders entering , and check the sealing around any pipes or cables that go into the home , and make sure it 's been properly caulked all the way around .
If you like to keep your windows open to let the air flow through the house , make sure your screens are in good shape . They can wear down over time , and a small tear may be all it takes to allow access .
To keep squirrels at bay , keep trees close to the home pruned back to prevent easy access to your roof .
Once your pest problem is taken care of — make sure to give any affected areas a good clean with disinfectant ( while wearing your gloves and mask , of course ) .
Watch Mike Holmes in his new series , Holmes : Buy It Right on HGTV Canada . For more about Holmes , visit makeitright.ca .
Conor McGregor might have crazied himself into a UFC suspension The consequences of Conor McGregor 's controversial cage invasion at Bellator 187 are becoming clearer — and it 's not good news for fans of the UFC superstar . McGregor was widely panned ...
Conor McGregor shoves ref , slaps official after crashing Bellator fight Conor McGregor became a superstar by fighting anyone , anywhere . However , this time he might have gone too far when he put his hands on a referee after a fight that he ...
This 'savage ' MMA franchise is ready for its big chance Picture the World Cup 's knockout rounds . Now picture one man standing after making it through those rounds by knocking out three different opponents — all in one night . Welcome to ...
Gegard Mousasi left the UFC because he saw his future in his past Gegard Mousasi has the perspective the of an old man even though he 's only 32-years-old . That 's because he has 50 professional mixed martial arts fights under his belt . He 'll make ...
How Heather Hardy became an MMA star with a single fight On Friday night , a 1-0 fighter will battle an 0-0 fighter in an arena attached to a casino in Connecticut . The fight is part of Bellator 185 and will probably ...
Bellator brings shock and awe to Madison Square Garden It took just 45 minutes for Bellator 's New York City debut to descend into utter madness . In those breathless moments , an ultra-hyped prospect was choked out in less than a ...
Former Giant KOs Russian legend Fedor Emelianenko Former Giants defensive end Matt Mitrione is n't doing too badly in his second career . Mitrione scored a stunning first-round knockout of Russian heavyweight legend Fedor Emelianenko on Saturday night before ...
New York fighter wins MMA debut despite getting 7 stitches Heather Hardy had seven stitches closing a gash over her swollen left eye . But the damage was n't about put a damper on her mood after winning her MMA debut Saturday ...
Former Giants lineman will have city behind him for Bellator bout Matt Mitrione would n't have been surprised to receive a text message on Friday from Michael Strahan or Jesse Palmer commenting about “ how fat I looked at the weigh-in. ” In the ...
The 2018 NFL draft is giving us the most intriguing class of quarterbacks since the famed 1983 class that gave us John Elway , Dan Marino and Jim Kelly . We could see as many as six quarterbacks go in the first-round , which would tie the record set by the '83 groups .
The thing that 's so fascinating about this class is that no two prospects are alike . And how you rank them all comes down to what you value in a quarterback . If you value arm strength and potential , Josh Allen is your guy . If you 're a stat head , you do n't want any part of the Wyoming quarterback . The same can be said for all of the top passers .
We 've ranked the nine best quarterbacks prospects in the class , grading them on attributes that they 'll need to succeed in the NFL : Accuracy , arm strength , decision making , pocket presence , mechanics and athleticism . The evaluation is based solely on film study . Statistics and team success were not factored in .
Let 's get to the rankings…
White is your prototypical mid- to late-round flyer who gets drafted because he has size and a decent enough arm . He routinely shies away from pressure and does n't have the mobility to elude the rush . Though he does throw a decent deep ball , he 's not accurate when throwing to other areas of the field . Throw bad decision making on top of all that and it 's difficult to imagine White developing into even a useful backup .
Comparisons
Ceiling : Brock Osweiler
Floor : Ryan Mallett
If Falk somehow gets picked on Day 2 of the draft , he should send Mike Leach his rookie signing bonus . The system effectively hid Falk 's two biggest weaknesses as a passer : A weak arm and slow processing time . The Cougars quarterback got the ball out quickly a majority of the time but that was by design ; when he was forced to scan the field , Falk held onto the ball for an eternity . He took 125 sacks in his career despite playing in the quick strike offense . That number will only go up in an NFL scheme . Even more concerning is his arm . Think 2015 Peyton Manning . Even if Falk gets the most out of his skill-set , he 'll max out as a top backup who can start in some spots .
Comparisons
Ceiling : Matt Cassel
Floor : Kellen Moore
Rudolph is a big prospect who does n't play like it . He does n't have a strong arm — even quick outs give him some trouble — and he shrinks against pressure in the pocket . He put up crazy numbers in Stillwater but was the product of a great system and supporting cast . When things broke down , and Rudolph was forced to go outside of the system , he struggled to find a Plan B .
If he 's going to succeed at the next level , he 'll have to follow the path of Kirk Cousins , another mid-round prospect who managed to overcome an underwhelming skill-set . One thing working against Rudolph : He 's not nearly as accurate as Cousins was coming out of Michigan State . So even he does n't grow into a system and become a quick decision-maker , it 's hard to imagine him reaching the level Cousins has surprisingly managed to reach .
Comparisons
Ceiling : Kirk Cousins
Floor : Bryce Petty
Allen is this year 's “ unlimited potential ” prospect , but too much will have to break right for him to actual reach his ceiling . I do n't have the vocabulary to adequately describe how strong his arm is , he has prototypical giant and he can move well for a big man . And that 's where the positives end . While we do agree that Allen 's accuracy issues are a bit overblown — when his feet are right and he 's got room in the pocket , the ball gets to its target — his mechanics and lack of poise in the pocket , both of which are hard to teach , make it unlikely he 'll ever be considered a consistently accurate passer .
Allen has the height to be a tough pocket passer , but he 's just not comfortable with bodies around him . His feet are all over the place , his eyes dart around the field like he 's a cat chasing a laser pointer and he has n't seen a tight-window throw he wo n't attempt to make . Mountain West defenders had no trouble getting their hands on Allen 's passes . NFL defenders will have a field day .
Any team willing to take Allen with a high pick is betting that he 'll fix his mechanics , grow into a smart pocket-navigator and dramatically improve his decision-making . Good luck with that .
Comparisons
Ceiling : Carson Wentz
Floor : Paxton Lynch
Lauletta excels at all the nuances of the quarterback position , but he 'll undoubtedly fall in the draft because he does n't possess an overly powerful arm . Concerns about the level of competition he faced at Richmond could sink his stock , as well .
But if you can look past the small school and the so-so arm , Lauletta looks like a potential franchise guy at the next level . He 's a quick learner by necessity , having played under four offensive coordinators in four years with the Spiders . He is poised in the pocket . And he 's one of the more accurate passers in this class thanks to pristine mechanics . Lauletta needs to do a better job of understanding his limitations and stop forcing deep passes into tight windows , especially against pro safeties . If he ca n't do that , he 'll be viewed as a little more than a backup . If he can eliminate the gunslinger mentality and avoid those mistakes , Lauletta will be a good starter for a long time . The line between a successful career and a mediocre one is that thin for an unspectacular prospect like him .
Click here for a more in-depth look at Lauletta .
Comparisons
Ceiling : Alex Smith
Floor : Trevor Siemian
During the season , Mayfield definitely looked like the best quarterback in the country , but that 's easier to do when playing behind a dominant offensive line while throwing to a deep stable of play-makers and getting coached up by the most creative offensive mind in the sport . We wo n't knock him too much for that , but his production ( and even his tape ) has to be viewed through a different lens .
Mayfield has drawn comparisons to Johnny Manziel , and while that does seem like a lazy comp , there is some merit to it — even if you disregard the off- and on-field behavior that has some worried about Mayfield being the face of a franchise . Like Manziel , Mayfield is a short , creative playmaker with a good arm . Both can operate out of the pocket but struggle to do so consistently against pressure . Like the former Browns quarterback , Mayfield 's footwork breaks down when going from one progression to the next . The Oklahoma product is a far more polished version of the Manziel who entered the 2014 draft after his second season in College Station . Mayfield is leaving after his third season in Norman and fourth playing for a Big XII school .
If you ever wondered what Manziel 's career could have been had he remained clean and focused on getting better , Mayfield is n't a bad test case .
Comparisons
Ceiling : Derek Carr ( with more mobility )
Floor : Johnny Manziel
If we 're taking a chance on one low floor/high ceiling quarterback , it 's not Josh Allen . It 's Jackson . You 'll notice that in the comparison section below , we 've left Jackson 's ceiling blank . There just is n't a quarterback in NFL history who possesses Jackson 's explosive ability as a runner and combined it with a willingness to hang in the pocket and read the field . He could be what everyone though Vick could eventually develop into . It will require a good coach ( so not Jim Mora Jr. ) in order to unlock all of that potential . That coach will have overhauled Jackson 's lower body mechanics , the cause of his scattershot accuracy . Improving those mechanics could make the Heisman winner 's arm stronger than it already it is . All of his power comes from the whip of his arm . A good quarterback coach will teach him how to get his entire body behind his throws . Based on the progression we 've seen from him as a passer over the last two seasons , he should be just fine on the next level from a mental standpoint .
Comparisons
Ceiling : N/A
Floor : Robert Griffin III
Say hello to the class ' most intriguing prospect . Unlike Allen , we know there is a great quarterback somewhere in Darnold ; the only questions are whether he 'll land with a coach capable of getting greatness out of him . The USC product oozes talent . He 's a good mover for his size and he has a special arm . Some will worry about the wind-up in his delivery , but , like Russell Wilson , he gets the ball out relatively quickly for a passer who drops the ball below his elbow , so it should n't be a big issue at the next level . The same can not be said of the downright awful mistakes Darnold makes at times — especially when facing pressure . He tries to make too many plays , which gets him into trouble with both turnovers and sacks . If a coach can rein him in a bit , limit the hero ball and help shore up his footwork , which should fix his accuracy issues , Darnold could develop into a top-10 quarterback . If not , his inconsistency will irk his new team for the next decade .
Comparisons
Ceiling : Matthew Stafford
Floor : Blake Bortles
Rosen does n't have the highest ceiling in this class , which is probably why he is n't in the discussion for the first-overall pick . NFL teams draft based on the best-case scenario rather than the most likely scenario . Otherwise , Rosen would be the clear No . 1 overall pick .
It 's hard to envision a scenario in which the UCLA star does n't develop into a reliable starter . He 's the best pure passer in this class thanks to his combination of height , arm strength and mechanics , which allows him to make every throw in an NFL playbook — and to do so with precision . He is , by all accounts , the smartest quarterback in this draft as well . That shows up on tape . Rosen sees the field well and gets the ball to the right receiver on time .
The one concern is how he 'll deal with pressure at the next level . He rarely escaped sacks in college ( not too big of a deal ) and he had a hard time resetting his feet and making a throw after the defense forced him off his spot in the pocket ( a much bigger deal ) . We 've seen Tom Brady get better in that department in the twilight of his career . Rosen should be able to add some mobility to his game at this point in his development .
Comparisons
Ceiling : Matt Ryan
Floor : Jared Goff
Still ca n't decide which quarterback you like best in this class ? Check out our interactive flowchart .
NEW YORK — He was found just before 7 a.m. on Election Day , lying on the floor of the Russian Consulate on the Upper East Side .
The man was unconscious and unresponsive , with an unidentified head wound — “ blunt force trauma , ” in cop parlance . By the time emergency responders reached him , he was dead .
Initial reports said the nameless man had plunged to his death from the roof of the consulate . As journalists rushed to the scene , consular officials quickly changed the narrative . The anonymous man had not fallen dozens of feet from the roof of the consular building , they said , but rather had suffered a heart attack in the security office , and died .
By the time the man 's body left the morgue the next day , Donald J. Trump was president-elect of the United States . ID : 10523076
By the time the man 's body left the morgue the next day , Donald J. Trump was president-elect of the United States . It was the culmination of a sensational , bitterly divisive political campaign that US intelligence agencies would later say Russia actively sought to manipulate and skew in Trump 's favor . With the election results , the world had turned upside down , and the death of the man at the consulate quickly faded from view .
Police officers said the death of Sergei Krivov — his name revealed here publicly for the first time — looked natural , and listed the case as closed .
But who was Krivov ? And how did he really die ? Three months after he was found dead , as tensions between the US and Russia reach a fever pitch , the New York City medical examiner is n't sure he had a heart attack after all .
The Russian Consulate at 11 E. 91st St. in New York City on Feb. 6 , 2017 . Ben King / BuzzFeed News ID : 10522989
As far as paper trails go , dying is a messy thing , even under normal circumstances . But in the months since Krivov 's death , it 's proven nearly impossible to find out how he died , who he was , and how , if at all , federal authorities were involved in any investigation .
English-language news reports said Krivov , identified then only as a 63-year-old Russian national and Manhattan resident , was a security officer . But a November report from Sputnik , the English-language Russian media outlet , says he was a consular duty commander .
That position is no ordinary security guard . According to other public Russian-language descriptions of the duty commander position , Krivov would have been in charge of , among other things , “ prevention of sabotage ” and suppression of “ attempts of secret intrusion ” into the consulate .
In other words , it was Krivov 's job to make sure US intelligence agencies did n't have ears in the building .
As far as paper trails go , dying is a messy thing , even under normal circumstances . ID : 10523091
The duty commander would also have had access to the consulate 's crypto-card — the top secret codebreaker used to encrypt and decrypt messages transmitted between the consulate and other Russian channels . It was likely Krivov who helped transmit cables in and out of the heavily guarded building .
Despite being described as a Manhattan resident by the NYPD , Krivov is a phantom in public records . No one with his name , or any iteration of it , has lived in Manhattan for years , and the only other two Krivovs listed in New York state did n't return calls asking if they knew a Sergei ( in the NYPD 's files , Krivov 's name is not transliterated as “ Sergei ” or “ Sergey ” but as the less common “ Cergej ” ) . Neither were listed as related to one . An NYPD officer looking at the case file told BuzzFeed News no family was listed .
The NYPD told BuzzFeed News the responding officers were in contact with “ whoever was in charge of the consulate ” for information regarding Krivov .
But when BuzzFeed News went to Krivov 's address , listed in the NYPD 's files , at 11 E. 90th St. , it was n't a residence . It 's a Smithsonian-owned office building for its neighboring Cooper Hewitt design museum . It 's located a block behind the Russian Consulate , which is at 9 E. 91st St. One of the consulate 's public entrances is 11 E. 91st St .
Asked about the discrepancy , the NYPD insisted that 11 E. 90th St. was the address they had been given for Krivov , apparently by Russian consular officials .
“ No one is living here — this is where my desk is right now , ” a Smithsonian employee at the address said when BuzzFeed News called .
It 's unclear how thoroughly or for how long the NYPD investigated Krivov 's death . Multiple officials declined to offer any details about the investigation . Several officers told BuzzFeed News the case is listed as “ closed . ”
“ The narrative of the story is kind of vague , it 's not saying much , ” one officer said , scanning the incident report with BuzzFeed News on the phone . “ With all cases like this , it is investigated by the detective squad , ” he said . “ For some reason it was closed out . ”
A separate officer said the case was listed as “ no criminology suspected , natural causes . ”
The medical examiner 's office , though , says their investigation of Krivov 's death remains open .
“ The cause and manner of death are pending further studies , ” said Julie Bolcer , a spokeswoman for the office . “ There are no results to share yet . ”
This disconnect between the medical examiner 's office and the NYPD is not normal . In standard practice , a death investigation would not be formally closed by police officers until the medical examiner had reached a determination on the death .
“ It 's open until you can get a cause of death….there has to be a complete circuit with a case , ” said Marq Claxton , a former NYPD investigator . “ That case is going to stay open until there 's a final determination , it could be a homicide , it could be something , it could be accidental or whatever . ”
A separate medical examiner official said Krivov 's body had been released the day after his death , but declined to say to whom the body was released . That the medical examiner no longer has the body , but testing continues , suggests toxicology screening of tissue or blood samples .
It 's not necessarily uncommon for toxicology tests to take weeks or even months to come back . The medical examiner 's office would not specify the kind of further testing being done .
None of the five major funeral chapels or funeral homes in upper Manhattan knew of any recently deceased person named Krivov . The New York City Health Department declined BuzzFeed News ' request to search for records related to Krivov 's death , saying that by standard practices , any search had to be requested by a family member . The city 's burial desk , which tracks documentation from funeral homes , said it only files paperwork and does n't have a searchable database .
The NYPD denied BuzzFeed News ' request for the incident report , saying the request did not contain enough details , including the date , precinct , and location of Krivov 's death , or the incident number . BuzzFeed News ' request in fact included all of that information . A separate denial said the incident report “ is not a public record and can only be obtained through due process of law ( Court Ordered Subpoena ) . ”
According to experts and former police officers , incident reports are not generally withheld by the NYPD .
“ The incident report , after an investigation is closed , typically that is releasable , ” said Michael Morisy , the founder of MuckRock , a nonprofit organization dedicated to government transparency and records laws . “ It 's really weird that they would categorically state that was rejected…incident reports are not broadly exempt from public records law . ”
In a last-ditch effort to find where Krivov 's body may have been taken , BuzzFeed News called Aeroflot airlines , the only major carrier with direct flights between New York and Moscow . Aeroflot would not say whether it had flown a body from New York to Russia in the days following Nov. 8 . Information about body transports , it said , was classified and could only be released by a government entity .
The exterior of 11 E. 90th St. on Feb. 6 , 2017 . Ben King / BuzzFeed News ID : 10523013
As police made their way to the consulate that Election Day morning , Americans ' interest in Moscow had reached a fever pitch of Cold War–era proportions , fueled by a near-constant barrage of reports detailing a wide-ranging Russian intelligence operation that the US intelligence community says was designed to undermine the US election .
It stands to reason that Krivov , who was nearing the upper end of the mortality curve for Russian men , may have died a completely natural death , and that much of the hand-wringing over the incident is due to bureaucratic red tape rather than suspicious circumstances .
But given the unique circumstances — and a backdrop of plummeting US–Russia relations — the lack of information has done little to quell theories . The more questions that were asked about Krivov , the fewer people wanted to talk .
“ No one seems to want to discuss this , ” one law enforcement source said , after reaching out to other law enforcement officials to see what they had heard about the case .
In the hours following Krivov 's death , the NYPD had said it would identify him following notification of his family . When BuzzFeed News asked for his identity months later , police immediately said the request would have to go to through the US State Department .
The State Department , after being initially responsive , abruptly told BuzzFeed News it would n't help , and said the information would have to come from the Russian Consulate .
“ No one seems to want to discuss this. ” ID : 10523099
“ I 'm not sure why they would or would not want to share this , ” one State Department official said in a follow-up phone call , referring to the NYPD and the State Department . A New York police officer eventually gave BuzzFeed News Krivov 's name .
The incident — and the lack of information surrounding it — has raised eyebrows in Washington .
Two sources to whom BuzzFeed News spoke , who requested anonymity to discuss the probe , said Krivov appeared to be a heavy drinker , which law enforcement concluded led to his natural death .
“ I do n't think there 's anything there , ” one US intelligence official said .
The State Department also refused to say whether Krivov was registered as a foreign agent , how long he had been in the US , what his immigration status was , and whether they had any contact with the Russian mission regarding his death .
When asked about the incident , Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said : “ Are you serious ? ” She continued : “ He had heart problems , he had heart attacks . It 's weird that your outlet is interested in this . ”
“ The employee of the Consulate General of Russia Sergei Krivov passed away on November 8 , 2016 , ” the consulate told BuzzFeed News . “ An American doctor that was admitted to the Consulate General stated without a doubt that the death was by natural reasons . Medical examiners are currently establishing the cause of his death , but it is believed that the man suffered a heart attack . ”
The FBI said it was not involved in investigating Krivov 's death . It declined to comment further and deferred to the NYPD .
The NYPD did not give BuzzFeed News an official comment on the investigation . BuzzFeed News spoke with the NYPD several times for this story , including with the precinct involved in the incident and the NYPD 's public affairs office .
Outside the Russian Consulate on Feb. 6 , 2017 . Ben King / BuzzFeed News ID : 10523009
Krivov 's place of employment — a palatial stone compound in Manhattan 's posh Upper East Side — has long been one of the premiere spy hotspots in the decades-old espionage war between the US and Moscow . Where many aficionados would understandably expect Washington , DC , to be prime real estate for cloak-and-dagger theater , New York City is oft-trodden territory , not least for its hosting of the United Nations .
It is unknown whether Krivov worked with Russian or US intelligence agencies . His work may not have even put him near any intelligence operations that were being run out of the consulate .
According to FBI court documents from 2015 , the foreign arm of the Russian intelligence service , the SVR , likely keeps a secure office space inside the Manhattan consulate where Krivov worked .
In criminal documents filed against Evgeny Buryakov , Igor Sporyshev , and Victor Podobny — three undercover Russian foreign intelligence agents working in New York City — the bureau described “ a secure office in Manhattan used by SVR agents to send and receive intelligence reports and assignments from Moscow ( the ‘ SVR NY Office ' ) . ”
The criminal complaint does not say specifically that the “ SVR NY Office ” is in the Manhattan consulate , but the document does say it is “ located within an office maintained by the Russian Federation in New York , New York . ”
It 's an open secret , US intelligence officials say , that the consulate is a staging ground for Russian intelligence operations . It 's also a coveted target for US agents . And It 's importance , officials say , has been underscored as US intelligence agencies try to get their arms around the Russians ' sweeping operation to manipulate the US election .
“ That 's always a target , ” the US intelligence official said of the Manhattan consulate .
In an unprecedented report issued in early January , on the eve of Trump 's inauguration , the intelligence community writ large detailed the concerted Russian effort to manipulate and undermine the US election . Key to the intelligence community assessment were a multitude of intelligence channels , including signals intelligence — or SIGINT — like intercepted electronic communications or IP addresses . The specifics of where that SIGINT came from , and what it consisted of , remain secret .
BuzzFeed News has filed a FOIA request with the NYPD for the police report on Krivov 's death , and any related paperwork . That request was received , but a determination has not yet been made as to whether the department will provide them .
Maybe those documents will provide insight into a death that , for now , remains a mystery . Nov. 8 began with his death , and ended with one of the most contentious political upsets in history . After that , Sergei Krivov simply vanished . ●
MACON , Georgia ( 41NBC/WMGT ) – Macon-Bibb County Industrial Authority ( MBCIA ) Chairman , Cliffard Whitby resigned from his position on Saturday .
This comes one day after an Whitby was indicted for bribing former superintendent Romain Dallemand . The indictment says Whitby paid Dallemand around $ 400,000 over the course of six years .
According to a resignation letter Whitby sent to the MBCIA , he was “ shocked by the terrible and unexpected allegations ” . Whitby continues by saying he thinks it is best to resign because of the “ negative impact ” it would bring to MBCIA .
Robert E. Fountain , Interim Chairman told 41NBC despite the resignation and allegations , the future for the MBCIA looks “ very bright ” . Fountain says the MBCIA is “ more than just one man , it is a board of 6 ” and will continue to do its work for the county .
The MBCIA will have a board meeting Wednesday morning to figure out plans to find a new Chairman .
Pat McAfee will be getting his kicks from his other passion .
The Colts punter is leaving football and the $ 2.75 million he was scheduled to make next season to pursue a career in comedy , the 29-year-old McAfee announced late Wednesday .
McAfee has been booming punts for Indianapolis since 2009 and has been named to two Pro Bowls — including this season , in which he had the best year of his career in terms of yards per punt ( 49.3 ) . But McAfee , a rare player whom NFL fans may know better for his personality than his abilities , saw an opportunity to make people laugh at media outlet Barstool Sports and jumped at it .
“ I just started asking myself while I was driving to work if there was more to life than kicking footballs every day , ” McAfee told the Indianapolis Star .
After eight seasons and two surgeries — with a third coming and “ more surgeries certain for the future ” — McAfee decided it was time .
His announcement came in two parts . First , he wrote a love letter to Indiana and Indianapolis , calling the latter a city with “ the best humans on earth. ” He said the only thing dissuading him from joining the growing satiric outlet was the prospect of leaving Indiana and settling in its headquarters in New York . When Barstool Sports allowed him to work from Indianapolis , he was sold .
“ I understand some people might be upset about the fact that I wo n't be kicking balls on 4th downs for the Colts anymore , and I can understand that , but please know that I am very excited about the future , and the spotlight I will be able to place on Indianapolis , ” wrote McAfee , a Pennsylvania native .
Then he gave a faux press conference for Barstool Sports , saying he wants to make “ the world a happier place with more laughs . ”
McAfee has done stand-up comedy around Indianapolis and become a force on Twitter , boasting more than 680,000 followers . He 's been open and funny , from calling Skip Bayless a “ douchebag ” to accidentally sending out a picture of naked Andrew Luck .
Now , for the first time in eight seasons , the Colts need a new punter .
Image copyright Sussex Police Image caption Christopher Moxon was found in Brighton
A `` high risk '' convicted killer who went missing , prompting a police manhunt , has been found .
Christopher Moxon , 40 , had last been seen in St Leonards-on-Sea , in East Sussex , on Tuesday morning .
Moxon was found safe in Brighton in the early hours , Sussex Police said .
He had been ordered to be detained indefinitely in 2002 after admitting the manslaughter of his girlfriend , 21-year-old Natalie Scott .
Sussex Police said he had been considered to be high risk because of his mental health issues , but was not thought to have been a risk to the general public .
Lewes Crown Court heard Moxon , then 24 and living in Burgess Hill , West Sussex , had thought his girlfriend from Bognor Regis had been sent to kill him .
Judge Richard Brown ordered his indefinite detention after being told Moxon had been suffering from severe delusions and had claimed he had to kill his girlfriend to save himself .
Uber Technologies Inc. halted autonomous vehicle tests after one of its cars struck and killed a woman in Tempe , Arizona , in what is likely the first pedestrian fatality involving the technology .
The 49-year-old woman , Elaine Herzberg , was crossing the road outside of a crosswalk when the Uber vehicle operating in autonomous mode under the supervision of a human safety driver struck her , according to the Tempe Police Department .
After the incident , which happened at 10 p.m. local time on Sunday , she was transferred to a nearby hospital , where she died from her injuries . `` Uber is assisting and this is still an active investigation , '' Liliana Duran , a Tempe police spokeswoman , said in an emailed statement .
Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona . We 're thinking of the victim 's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened . https : //t.co/cwTCVJjEuz — dara khosrowshahi ( @ dkhos ) March 19 , 2018
Our hearts go out to the victim 's family . We 're fully cooperating with @ TempePolice and local authorities as they investigate this incident . — Uber Comms ( @ Uber_Comms ) March 19 , 2018
Uber said on Monday that it was pausing tests of all its self-driving vehicles on public roads in Pittsburgh , San Francisco , Toronto and the greater Phoenix area . “ Our hearts go out to the victim 's family , '' a company spokeswoman said in a statement . `` We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident . ''
Companies including Alphabet Inc. , General Motors Co. , Uber and Baidu Inc. are investing billions of dollars to develop autonomous-vehicle technology because it has the potential to transform the auto industry , transportation in general and the way cities work . One analyst has estimated Alphabet 's Waymo unit is worth at least $ 70 billion . The fatality in Tempe could slow testing , delay commercialization and undermine such optimism .
Testing has expanded to complex urban areas as states like Arizona and Texas take a light-touch regulatory approach and companies race to be first to commercialize the technology . That 's helped improved the systems , but also increased the chance of a pedestrian death . Experts have long worried about the impact deadly crashes could have on the nascent industry .
`` We 're within the phase of autonomous vehicles where we 're still learning how good they are . Whenever you release a new technology there 's a whole bunch of unanticipated situations , '' said Arun Sundararajan , a professor at New York University 's business school . `` Despite the fact that humans are also prone to error , we have as a society many decades of understanding of those errors . ''
The National Transportation Safety Board is opening an investigation into the death and is sending a small team of investigators to Tempe , about 10 miles east of Phoenix . The Department of Transportation 's National Highway Traffic Safety Administration dispatched a special crash investigation team .
The NTSB opens relatively few highway accident probes each year , but has been closely following incidents involving autonomous or partially autonomous vehicles . Last year , it partially faulted Tesla Inc. 's Autopilot system for a fatal crash in Florida in 2016 .
The NTSB 's cautionary tone on the emergence of self-driving technology contrasted with the Department of Transportation , which revised its policy on self-driving vehicles last year in an attempt to remove obstacles to the testing of such vehicles .
`` As always we want the facts , but based on what is being reported this is exactly what we have been concerned about and what could happen if you test self-driving vehicles on city streets , '' said Jason Levine , executive director of the Center for Auto Safety , a Washington-based advocacy group . `` It will set consumer confidence in the technology back years if not decades . We need to slow down . ''
The Phoenix area is a fertile ground for experiments in the technology . Uber has been testing there with safety drivers behind the wheel . Late last year , Alphabet Inc. 's Waymo , which has tested in the Phoenix area for years , began removing the safety drivers to transport a small number of residents . ( Waymo staff sit in the back seat . ) General Motors Co. is also testing in the Phoenix area . A GM spokesman declined to comment , and a representative from Waymo did n't return multiple requests for comment .
For more on Uber , check out the Decrypted podcast :
`` Public safety is our top priority , and we are in communication with law enforcement , which is investigating the accident and gathering facts , as well as Uber , '' a spokesman for Arizona Governor Doug Ducey said .
Uber has had incidents in the past . Last year , Uber suspended its self-driving car program after one of its autonomous vehicles was involved in a high-impact crash in Tempe . The Uber vehicle was not responsible for the incident , and there were no injuries , the police said at the time .
`` Tempe has been supportive of autonomous vehicle testing because of the innovation and promise the technology may offer , '' Tempe Mayor Mark Mitchell said in a statement on Monday . `` Testing must occur safely . All indications we have had in the past show that traffic laws are being obeyed by the companies testing here . Our city leadership and Tempe Police will pursue any and all answers to what happened in order to ensure safety moving forward . ''
— With assistance by Alan Levin , Ryan Beene , and Polly Mosendz
CAMP BONIFAS , South Korea : President Donald Trump asserted on Sunday that China was working with the United States on “ the North Korea problem , ” and his vice president visited a military base near the Demilitarized Zone separating the Koreas a day after the North conducted a failed missile launch .
US Vice President Mike Pence , who has called the failed missile launch “ a provocation , ” arrived at Camp Bonifas on Monday morning for a briefing with military leaders and to meet with American troops stationed there .
The joint US-South Korean military camp is just outside the 2.5-mile-wide DMZ . Pence 's visit , full of Cold War symbolism , comes amid increasing tensions and heated rhetoric on the Korean Peninsula .
While the North did not conduct a nuclear test , the specter of a potential escalated US response trailed Pence as he began a 10-day trip to Asia amid increasing tensions and heated rhetoric .
Trump 's national security adviser cited Trump 's recent decision to order missile strikes in Syria after a chemical attack blamed on the Assad government as a sign that the president “ is clearly comfortable making tough decisions. ” But at the same time , H.R . McMaster said , “ it 's time for us to undertake all actions we can , short of a military option , to try to resolve this peacefully . ”
In a broadcast interview that aired on Sunday , McMaster said the US would rely on its allies as well as on Chinese leadership to resolve the issues with North Korea . “ I mean , North Korea is very vulnerable to pressure from the Chinese , ” McMaster said on ABC 's “ This Week . ”
The bottom line , McMaster said , is to stop the North 's weapons development and make the Korean Peninsula nuclear-free : “ It 's clear that the president is determined not to allow this kind of capability to threaten the United States . And our president will take action that is in the best interest of the American people . ”
After a two-month policy review , officials settled on a policy dubbed “ maximum pressure and engagement , ” US officials said Friday . The administration 's immediate emphasis , the officials said , will be on increasing pressure on Pyongyang with the help of Beijing .
The officials were n't authorized to speak publicly on the results of the policy review and requested anonymity .
Pence will be tasked with explaining the policy in meetings with leaders in South Korea and Japan during the trip , which will also include stops in Indonesia and Australia . He will aim to reassure allies in South Korea and Japan that the US will take appropriate steps to defend them against North Korean aggression .
A North Korean missile exploded during launch on Sunday , US and South Korean officials said . The high-profile failure came as the North tried to showcase its nuclear and missile capabilities around the birth anniversary of the North 's late founder and as a US aircraft carrier neared the Korean Peninsula .
A White House foreign policy adviser traveling with Pence said no US response to the missile launch was expected because there was no need for the US to reinforce the failure . The adviser spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the administration 's initial understanding of the launch .
Trump , spending the Easter weekend at his Florida resort , reinforced his commitment to the armed forces under his control . “ Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before , ” he tweeted .
More directly on North Korea , the president returned to a theme of placing much onus on China for reining in the North . Last week , he said he would not declare China a currency manipulator , pulling back from a campaign promise , as he looks for help from Beijing , which is the North 's dominant trade partner .
“ Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem ? We will see what happens ! ” Trump tweeted on Sunday .
Deputy national adviser K.T . McFarland briefed the president on the failed missile launch . She advised patience with China on the issue .
“ North Korea is a liability to everybody and it 's a threat not just to the United States , not just to South Korea , not just to Japan , not just to Russia , but it 's actually a threat to China as well , ” McFarland said Sunday on “ Fox News Sunday . ”
Into this tense environment , Pence made his first trip to the region since taking office in January . After arriving in the South Korean capital , he placed a wreath at Seoul National Cemetery and then worshipped with military personnel at an Easter church service at the US Army Garrison Yongsan .
During a fellowship meal after the services , he said the tensions on the Korean peninsula had put into sharp focus the importance of the joint US-South Korean mission .
“ This morning 's provocation from the North is just the latest reminder of the risks each one of you face every day in the defense of the freedom of the people of South Korea and the defense of America in this part of the world , ” said Pence . “ Your willingness to step forward , to serve , to stand firm without fear , inspires the nation and inspires the world . ”
Along with the deployment of the US aircraft carrier and other vessels into waters off the Korean Peninsula , thousands of US and South Korean troops , tanks and other weaponry were deployed last month in their biggest joint military exercises . That led North Korea to issue routine threats of attacks on its rivals if they show signs of aggression .
The White House foreign policy adviser traveling with Pence told reporters that the type of missile that North Korea tried to fire on Sunday was medium-range , and that it exploded about 4 to 5 seconds after it was launched .
The North regularly launches short-range missiles , but is also developing mid-range and long-range missiles meant to target US troops in Asia and , eventually , the US mainland .
North Korea has conducted five nuclear tests , including two last year . Recent satellite imagery suggests the country could conduct another underground nuclear test at any time .
SOUIX FALLS , S.D . ( March 19 , 2018 ) — Blazin ' Racin ' announced on Monday they would begin the process of ceasing operations effective immediately . The following statement was posted by team manager Greg McCormick .
Greetings Everyone ,
The Blazin Racin Team , has decided to cease operations . During the next 40 days , we will be accepting offers for a `` Team Buyout . '' If unable to confirm sale before April 30th , on May 1st , we will begin dissolving the teams assets for the duration of 2018… pic.twitter.com/OBqas2nd9T — Greg McCormick ( @ gregens21 ) March 19 , 2018
Blazin ' Racing , owned by Todd and Susan LaHaise , fielded a winged sprint car team with a variety of drivers over the years including Bryan Clauson , Kevin Thomas Jr , and Dusty Zomer .
Photo : Mark Seliger
By Scott T. Sterling
Shery Crow has shared a new song , “ The Dreaming Kind , ” a tribute to victims of the Sandy Hook school shooting .
Related : Sheryl Crow Releases ‘ Halfway There ' Music Video
“ The tragedy in Newtown 5 years ago and the countless lives lost in mass shootings since have weighed heavily on my heart , ” Crow said of the song . “ I felt compelled to write ‘ The Dreaming Kind ' for the incredible people at Sandy Hook Promise who work so hard every day to combat gun violence . The extraordinary work this organization does to educate and protect our nation from further bloodshed gives me hope for a better tomorrow . I hope this song will inspire the same feeling in those who hear it .
“ Sandy Hook Promise is a national nonprofit organization founded and led by several families whose loved ones were killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14 , 2012 . In just 3 years , Sandy Hook Promise has trained over 2.5 million youth and adults across all 50 states with its evidenced-based Know The Signs gun violence prevention programs . The four programs – which include Start With Hello , Say Something , Signs of Suicide and Safety Assessment & Intervention – are offered free to schools and youth organizations across the country . These programs have helped stop multiple school shootings , suicides and other acts of violence , as well as reduced incidences of bullying and helped many young people get the mental health services they need .
“ Every $ 1 you donate helps Sandy Hook Promise train one student or adult how to Know The Signs of individuals at-risk of hurting themselves or others and take action to get help . By training two-generations of Americans , we are creating a culture engaged in preventing gun violence , resulting in saving more lives and keeping our schools and communities safe , nationwide . Thank you so much for your support . ”
Crow performed the song on Good Morning America today ( Dec. 11 ) , sharing the stage with her 12-year-old niece , Ava Crow , 12 , who also appears on the studio version of the track .
“ She 's still very innocent and very wide-eyed . Her voice is pure and very touching , ” Crow told People . “ She came over , she sang it four times and it was perfect . ”
Watch the music video for Crow 's new track below .
LOCAL — A variety of free programs for adults are being offered at Dayton Metro Library Branches in northern Montgomery County . For more information or to register , visit the online calendar of events at DaytonMetroLibrary.org/Events or call ( 937 ) 463-2665 .
The heART of Homeschool
Feb. 1- Feb. 28 | Vandalia Opportunity Space
The artistic talents of area homeschoolers on display all month .
Project Dawn NARCAN Training
Tuesday , Feb. 6 from 7-8 p.m. | Huber Heights
Project DAWN ( Deaths Avoided With Naloxone ) offers a free one-hour NARCAN training . Participants will be issued a Project Dawn Kit , which will include two doses of Naloxone , a medication that can reverse an overdose that is caused by an opioid drug . Adults . Please register in advance .
Movie Night : Hidden Figures
Thursday Feb. 22 | 6 – 8:30 Pp.m . | Huber Heights
This film focuses on three real-life African-American female pioneers who were part of NASA 's team of human “ computers ” in the 1960s . Film is rated PG .
Painting Using Tape
Thursday , Feb. 22 | 6:30 – 8 p.m. | Northmont
Create your own abstract work of art . All supplies provided . Adults . Please register in advance .
http : //www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/02/web1_DaytonMetroLibrary.jpg
Staff Report
Reach the Dayton Metro Library at ( 937 ) 463-2665 .
Reach the Dayton Metro Library at ( 937 ) 463-2665 .
SEOUL , South Korea — The U.S. , Japan and South Korea began joint exercises Monday to simulate how they would target Kim Jong-un 's ballistic missiles in the event of an attack , military officials from South Korea and Japan said .
North Korea last week said the outbreak of war was `` an established fact '' following another set of U.S.-South Korea exercises — although the isolated country has often issued such fiery rhetoric without action .
Monday 's drills involved two U.S. destroyers , as well as one warship each from Japan and South Korea , a South Korean military spokesman told NBC News .
Related : Trump 's North Korea policy could trigger famine , experts warn
The exercises saw the three countries sharing tactical information `` during a simulation to target North Korean ballistic missiles , '' the spokesman said , adding that they came `` in response to growing North Korea 's nuclear and missile threats . ''
The drills were also confirmed to Reuters by Japan 's Maritime Self-Defense Force .
Last month , North Korea conducted what it said was its most powerful intercontinental ballistic missile test to date , which it claimed could target anywhere in the U.S .
Any nuclear weapon capable of doing so , however , would also need to carry a small , lightweight warhead and be able to withstand reentry into the Earth 's atmosphere .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FROM DEC. 4 : U.S. stealth jet fighters conduct huge air drill over South Korea 0:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Experts are unsure exactly how close Kim is to achieving his goal , and many believe he wants the weapons to deter the U.S. from trying to topple his regime , rather than to strike them without provocation .
The North has offered to freeze its nuclear and missile programs in exchange for the U.S. stopping its joint drills with South Korea . Russia and China also back what the latter calls a `` dual suspension '' solution to the standoff .
Earlier this year , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson rejected such a freeze because he said it would effectively enshrine the nuclear capability that North Korea has already achieved and leave little leeway to dismantle its program as it stands , something that would be unacceptable to the U.S .
Stella Kim reported from Seoul . Alexander Smith reported from London .
WASHINGTON — House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was among five people wounded Wednesday morning when a rifle-wielding gunman opened fire during a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , Virginia .
The Republican lawmaker was standing at second base when he was hit in the left hip amid a flurry of bullets , witnesses said . After dragging himself to safety and getting help from his GOP colleagues caught in the chaos , Scalise was transported to MedStar Washington Hospital Center in Washington , D.C .
He underwent surgery and was in critical condition , the hospital said Wednesday afternoon , adding that another victim was in good condition .
`` Prior to entering surgery , the Whip was in good spirits and spoke to his wife by phone , '' Scalise 's office said in a statement . `` He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police , first responders , and colleagues . ''
Among the latest details in the attack :
Federal law enforcement officials identified the suspected shooter to NBC News as James T. Hodgkinson , 66 , of Belleville , Illinois . Trump announced during an update from the White House that the suspect died after being taken to the hospital .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Suspected Alexandria Gunman Pronounced Dead 2:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Trump said `` many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman despite sustaining gunshot wounds during a very , very brutal assault . ''
He added that Scalise is a `` patriot and he 's a fighter . ''
`` He will recover from this assault , '' Trump said , `` and Steve , I want you to know that you have the prayers not only of the entire city behind you , but of an entire nation , and frankly , the entire world . ''
Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , who was at the batting cages at the field , told MSNBC that Scalise — as the third highest-ranking Republican member of the House — always has Capitol Police with him as security detail . Scalise , 51 , has represented Louisiana 's 1st District since 2008 .
Paul described the confusion that broke out unexpectedly — about an hour after some 20 GOP lawmakers arrived to the baseball diamond for what started out as a typical practice .
`` There was a rapid succession of shots , you know five or 10 shots , '' Paul said . `` In the field , I see Rep. Scalise is shot but moving , and he 's trying to drag himself through the dirt and out into the outfield . ''
`` I probably heard 50 to 60 shots , '' Rand added . `` Then finally we heard the response from the Capitol Hill police . ''
Witnesses told law enforcement that when the gunman arrived at the ball field , he asked people `` are these the Republicans or the Democrats '' practicing , officials added . The inquiry is raising questions about a possible political motivation .
Two Capitol Police officers were also wounded in the incident and their injuries were not considered life-threatening .
James Hodgkinson of Belleville protests outside of the United States Post Office in Downtown Belleville , Illinois on April 17 , 2012 . Derik Holtmann / AP
House Speaker Paul Ryan from the House floor confirmed the officers ' identities as Krystal Griner and David Bailey : `` We are , as ever , awed by the tremendous bravery of the Capitol Police . ''
Related : Gabby Giffords Says Her 'Heart ' Is With Scalise , Other Victims
Ryan also said of Scalise 's shooting : `` An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us . ''
A statement from Congressman Roger Williams ' office said the Texas Republican was not wounded , but a member of his staff — identified as legislative correspondent Zack Barth — was shot and taken to the hospital .
A family friend later told NBC News that Barth was treated at the hospital for a gunshot wound to his calf , and then was released . The friend added that Barth said the gunman pointed his weapon straight at him .
In addition , Tyson Foods said employee Matt Mika , a director of government relations in the company 's D.C. office and a former congressional staffer , was shot and taken to the hospital . His condition was not immediately known .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Congressman : Suspected Shooter Asked Us If We Were Dems or GOP 3:04 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Alexandria Police Chief Michael Brown said five people were taken to local hospitals , including the suspect , following the shooting , which began shortly after 7 a.m .
A spokeswoman for George Washington Hospital said two patients were brought to the facility and listed in critical condition , but declined further comment .
Brown said Alexandria police officers arrived at the scene within three minutes of the first 911 call . Along with Capitol Police , they returned gunfire with the suspect .
Related : Which Lawmakers Were Attending Baseball Practice Where Scalise Was Shot ?
Multiple law enforcement officials with knowledge of the investigation told NBC News that there was no immediate indication that the shooter had ties to international terrorism .
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives said one rifle and handgun were recovered from the scene . Officials were trying to trace the ownership and purchase history of the two firearms , law enforcement sources told NBC News .
Investigators gather near the scene of a shooting in Alexandria , Virginia . Michael Reynolds / EPA
PHOTOS : Gunman Opens Fire at Republican Baseball Practice
Timothy Slater , the special agent in charge of the Criminal Division at the FBI 's Washington Field Office , told reporters that the suspect 's motives remained under investigation .
`` It 's too early to say if ( GOP lawmakers ) were targeted intentionally or not , '' Slater added .
Both Democratic and GOP members of the House and Senate have been using the baseball field each morning in Alexandria 's Del Ray neighborhood — about seven miles from D.C. — in preparation for a bipartisan charity game held annually and scheduled for Thursday . The Democrats had reportedly practiced earlier in the morning . Thursday 's game was supposed to honor the victims of recent terror attacks in Manchester and London .
NBC News
Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona , a center fielder on the GOP 's baseball team , said he was standing along the first baseline when gunfire erupted . He took cover in the dugout , where he helped a congressional staffer who had been shot in the leg near center field . He estimated at least 50 shots were fired as well .
The shooter `` could have fired into the dugout , '' Flake told MSNBC . `` We had somebody yell after about 10 minutes , 'Shooter 's down ! ' And so , I sprinted out to Steve and put pressure on the wound . ''
Flake said he used part of a jersey to suppress the bleeding .
`` He was coherent . He was asking for water , '' Flake said of his colleague . `` He was bleeding quite a bit . ''
Rep. Brad Wenstrup of Ohio , a doctor , was at the practice and helped treat the victims , Flake said .
Another congressman , Rep. Mo Brooks of Alabama , used his belt as a tourniquet on one of the victim 's legs , the senator added .
Several lawmakers at the scene , including Rep. Steve Pearce of New Mexico , tweeted that they were safe .
I was present at this mornings GOP baseball practice , but am alright . Prayers for Congressman Scalise & aides that were involved . — Steve Pearce ( @ RepStevePearce ) June 14 , 2017
The ATF and FBI were at the shooting scene to assist in the investigation .
Local residents told NBC News that the volley of gunfire rang out at the ball field at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park , which includes a soccer field and dog run , and neighbors a YMCA . Children were walking to a school approximately a block away .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Capitol Police Prevented Shooting from Being Far Worse 1:18 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Stuart Claggett , who was walking his dog near the fields , said he heard the shots go off `` like fireworks . ''
`` They were fairly loud , but it was n't like a machine gun . It stopped for a tiny amount of time , '' Claggett said .
He added that `` some people might know that 's where ( members of Congress ) play '' baseball .
Leonard Crook said he was working out on the main floor of the YMCA , about 50 yards from the ball field , when a woman was frantically banging on the door of the facility , trying to get in .
`` Some bullets hit the Y , so we went into the basement and everyone stayed there until everything blew over . We were locked down in the Y and not allowed to go anywhere , '' Crook said .
Sen. Jeff Flake , R-Az. , right , hugs another member of the Republican congressional baseball team following a shooting in Alexandria , Virginia . Shawn Thew / EPA
Trump released a statement after being briefed on the shooting and canceled his planned remarks at the Department of Labor for later Wednesday .
The Capitol Police said that `` out of an abundance of caution '' they `` deployed a robust police presence throughout the Capitol Complex , '' although all buildings remained open .
Alex Moe , Hallie Jackson and Pete Williams reported from Washington , and Erik Ortiz , Tom Winter , Jonathan Dienst and Ariana Brockington reported from New York . Andrew Blankstein reported from Los Angeles .
The Barrett brothers are set to become the first trio of siblings to play in the same test for New Zealand after being named in the All Blacks squad to play Samoa at Eden Park on Friday .
Flyhalf Beauden will play his 50th test , while younger brother Jordie is expected to make his debut from the bench .
Canterbury Crusaders lock Scott , who played four Tests last year , is also on the bench for the game which was organised to help the All Blacks prepare for their Test series against the British and Irish Lions , which starts on 24 June .
Fullback Ben Smith will lead the side for the first time in the absence of Kieran Read , who is still recovering from thumb surgery .
`` He 's been our vice-captain for a few years now and captain of the Highlanders , where he 's been doing a fantastic job , so was the logical choice , '' All Blacks coach Steve Hansen said in a statement .
Wellington Hurricanes forward Vaea Fifita , who was brought into the squad as injury cover , should also make his debut off the bench .
`` It 's also going to be a big night for Jordie and Vaea as they 're both likely to play a part , '' Hansen added .
`` They 've both been in great form and we 're looking forward to seeing what they can do at this level . ''
Aaron Smith also beat off the challenge of TJ Perenara for the starting role at scrumhalf in what would arguably have been Hansen 's most difficult decision .
Jerome Kaino will make his return following knee surgery , while Ardia Savea will slot in at number eight in place of Read .
The All Blacks , who have often appeared rusty in the first test of their international seasons , organised the game against Samoa to help with their preparations for the Lions .
`` Once it became a reality , it then took on its own importance . This is a test match against a quality and very capable opponent , '' Hansen added .
`` This first week has been about bringing together the players from the five different Super clubs and reintroducing them to the All Blacks way . ''
New Zealand ( v Samoa ) : Ben Smith ( captain ) , Israel Dagg , Anton Lienert-Brown , Sonny Bill Williams , Julian Savea , Beauden Barrett , Aaron Smith ; Ardie Savea , Sam Cane , Jerome Kaino , Sam Whitelock , Brodie Retallick , Owen Franks , Codie Taylor , Joe Moody .
Replacements : Nathan Harris , Wyatt Crockett , Charlie Faumuina , Scott Barrett , Vaea Fifita , TJ Perenara , Lima Sopoaga , Jordie Barrett .
The data firm accused of harvesting Facebook Inc. user profiles was captured in secret footage bragging about how it could use prostitutes and former spies to ensnare politicians and influence elections .
In a four-month-long sting operation , Channel 4 News filmed Cambridge Analytica executives talking about their illicit tactics to sway campaigns , including the 2016 U.S. presidential election and the Brexit referendum .
The full # CambridgeAnalyticaUncovered documentary - secret filming by @ Channel4News reveals election tricks https : //t.co/EW3uLuhzON — Channel 4 News ( @ Channel4News ) March 19 , 2018
In one exchange , Chief Executive Officer Alexander Nix said they could “ send some girls around to the candidate 's house ” , adding that Ukrainian girls “ are very beautiful , I find that works very well , ” according to the video .
Nix 's pitch to the undercover reporters posing as clients included saying “ we 're used to operating through different vehicles , in the shadows ” and the hope they would have a “ long-term and secretive relationship . ”
In an interview with the BBC 's Newsnight , Nix said : “ A lot of the allegations that have been put to Cambridge are entirely unfounded and extremely unfair. ” Cambridge Analytica said in a statement that it `` strongly denied the claims '' that it misused Facebook data .
Clamping Down
The U.K. data regulator is in the process of obtaining a warrant to search the offices and obtain data and servers from Cambridge Analytica , Elizabeth Denham , Britain 's current privacy chief told Channel 4 .
Facebook said it has hired digital forensics firm Stroz Friedberg to conduct a `` comprehensive audit , '' and Cambridge Analytica will provide `` complete access to their servers and systems . ''
U.K. politicians piled on the pressure on Facebook . The social network must end its days of “ move fast and break things , ” U.K. Culture Secretary Matt Hancock told lawmakers in the wake of reports that Cambridge Analytica kept information on millions of the social network 's users without their consent .
In a series of angry comments to parliament about Facebook and its relationship with Cambridge Analytica , Hancock said the company was going to have to improve its behavior .
Hancock said that the “ Wild West ” days of “ digital companies who flout rules and think that the best thing to do is to move fast and break things without respect for the impact that has on democracy and on society ” were over .
To cheers of support from across the chamber , Hancock also attacked the company for blocking whistleblower Christopher Wylie from its site . “ I thought it was outrageous , ” the Culture Secretary said . “ We know in this house they do n't act fast enough to block other accounts of obviously outrageous behavior . It shows us that when they need to , they can block incredibly quickly . ''
MACON , Georgia ( 41NBC/WMGT ) – A woman is in the hospital after being shot early this morning . Deputies from the Bibb County Sheriff 's Office say 19 year old Andrea Hawkins was shot in the leg as she stood on her balcony at the Arbor Apartments . The apartment complex is located at 3901 Northside Drive . Hawkins and her roommates got into a argument . Police say an unknown male joined the altercation . Authorities say that person got a rifle and started shooting at Hawkins and her roommates standing on the balcony . The suspect drove off in a gold car . Hawkins is in stable condition .
Anyone with information in reference to this incident is urged to contact the Bibb County Sheriff 's Office at 478-751-7500 , or Macon Regional Crime Stoppers at 1-877-68CRIME .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Using your phone while driving is not only incredibly dangerous , but it 's illegal .
Now however , people are being warned that it is still possible to get a fine and get points on to your licence even if you 're in the passenger seat .
This is because you do n't actually have to be driving to be legally responsible for the vehicle , reports the Express .
Anyone instructing a learner driver is responsible for that vehicle - and therefore road laws that apply to you while driving still apply to you as an instructor in the passenger seat .
So you could face the punishment if they are using a phone while supervising a learner of up to £200 and six penalty points .
This applies to both professionals and friends and family teaching someone to drive .
Neil Greig , IAM RoadSmart director of policy and research , said : `` Supervising a learner actually puts you in the driving seat so legally you must treat it in the same way as if you were behind the wheel .
`` Learning to drive is stressful enough without a passenger beside you who is more worried about posting than parking . ''
Certain road laws will , however , not apply to the instructor while supervising a learner .
For example , if the learner breaks the speed limit , it will be their licence that receives the fine and penalty points and not the instructor .
Is it time for fans in Oakland ( and Las Vegas ) to start worrying about Khalil Mack 's work ethic ? After winning the NFL 's Defensive Player of the Year Award in 2016 , the linebacker is just resting on his laurels .
Khalil Mack said he took 2 days off this offseason ( after 1 last year ) . “ My mom made me. ” pic.twitter.com/wA9kxfSNpX — Vic Tafur ( @ VicTafur ) April 17 , 2017
Aw , that 's cute . It 's also troubling . Mack is doubling his vacation time just because his mom told him to ? ! ? ! ? That 's setting a bad example for the rest of his teammates who do n't have the talent to skimp on offseason workouts .
You think Tom Brady would ever do something like this ? You do n't think he wants to go back for that second pine cone ( or whatever it is he eats ) , even after winning his fifth Super Bowl ring ? Of course he does . But he has the discipline of a champion , so he does n't .
EVERY . SINGLE . DAY .
Your mom may love you , Khalil , but you 're never going to win a Super Bowl being lazy .
What say you , Bill Belichick ?
Check mate , Kahlil Mack 's mom .
Video
Pupils from Bradford were invited to spend two days at the Hay Festival , as part of an exchange programme with the Bradford Literature Festival .
Shot and produced by Shabnam Mahmood , BBC Asian Network . Edited by Susannah Reid .
Joy Lane breaks silence about Facebook shooting : ‘ I am sorry that all of this has happened '
During a Facebook video posted , Steve Stephens , the murder suspect blames his actions on his mother and his ex-girlfriend , Joy Lane .
https : //www.instagram.com/p/BS-9amElvEE/ ? taken-by=931wzak
Lane is allegedly Stephens ' ex-girlfriend of approximately three years . In regards to the shooting , she broke her silence in a text message to CBS News . She said :
“ We had been in a relationship for several years . I am sorry that all of this has happened . My heart & prayers goes out to the family members of the victim ( s ) . Steve really is a nice guy… he is generous with everyone he knows . He was kind and loving to me and my children . This is a very difficult time for me and my family Please respect our privacy at this time . ”
Cleveland police said Stephens shot and killed Robert Godwin , Sr. , the 74-year-old victim picked by Stephens at random . In one of the videos , Stephens approaches Godwin , Sr. on the street , and makes the victim say the woman 's name “ Joy Lane ” before fatally shooting him . During a separate video , Stephens said , “ She 's the reason why I 'm making this video . She is the reason what 's about to happen today . ”
Description of Stephens
He is described as a black man
6 foot 1 , 244 pounds
Bald with a full beard
Wearing a dark blue and grey or black striped polo shirt
White or cream-colored Ford Fusion .
Read more details at cleveland19.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz :
Dear Reader ,
As you can imagine , more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before . Nevertheless , traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications , like ours , are being forced to look for new ways to keep going . Unlike many other news organizations , we have not put up a paywall . We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel , the Middle East and the Jewish World .
As one of our loyal readers , we ask you to be our partner .
For $ 5 a month you will receive access to the following :
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew , Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel 's story to the world .
Thank you ,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman , CEO , Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz , Editor-in-Chief
A 29-year-old man who was hailed a hero after he successfully disarmed a shooter who allegedly opened fire at a Tennessee Waffle House early Sunday has now raised over $ 110,000 for the victims ' families as of Tuesday evening .
James Shaw Jr. said he created a GoFundMe page “ to help the families of the victims ” after suspect Travis Reinking allegedly gunned down patrons at the Antioch restaurant .
“ Please take the time to donate as all of the proceeds will be given to the families . Thank you again for your generosity and blessings ! ” he wrote on the fundraising site .
As of Tuesday afternoon , he raised nearly $ 100,000 — well over the initial $ 15,000 goal .
“ Mr . Shaw is a standup guy and I am donating to honor his effort to stay alive . He helped others by doing so , ” one donor wrote .
“ Hope , healing and love to you all . Thank you for all you 've done , James , ” another added .
Shaw , an electrician and father to a 4-year-old girl , wrestled the gun away from the suspected shooter . The gunman , who fired outside of the restaurant , took a moment to reload his gun just after he entered the Waffle House , according to The New York Times . That 's when Shaw attacked the suspect , seizing the rifle and tossing it over the restaurant 's countertop . The suspected gunman then fled the scene but was later arrested in a wooded area near his home .
Four people were killed in the shooting , though there likely could have been more victims had it not been for Shaw 's heroic act .
“ When I saw my window of opportunity I just took it , ” Shaw told Fox & Friends on Tuesday morning , adding that he initially started the fundraiser for the families of the victims who were lost in the shooting but “ plans on helping out the ones who are still in the hospital , ” he said .
“ [ The money will ] maybe help them with their medical bills — hopefully they 'll be alright , ” he said .
Shaw said that the GoFundMe represents a “ small gesture ” but noted that it will not make up for the lives lost on Sunday .
“ At least it 's something that will pull them toward the right way , ” said Shaw .
Separately , a fundraiser has been set up for Shaw , who suffered a graze wound and a second-degree burn on his right hand from where he grabbed the barrel of the weapon .
“ Since that horrific shooting , he has raised tens of thousands of dollars for the victims and shown a level of humility that has inspired many of us , ” the fundraiser read , adding that the money raised could be used for his daughter 's education . “ But I 'd be just as happy if James used some of this money to take his family on a nice vacation . ”
So far , people have donated more than $ 47,000 to support the hero .
Shaw was not immediately available for additional comment when contacted by Fox News on Tuesday .
Turkey issued a decree on Wednesday transferring some powers to the president , in line with its move to an executive presidential system resulting from last month 's presidential and parliamentary elections .
The decree , issued in the official gazette , makes changes to laws dating from 1924 to 2017 , altering references to the prime minister and cabinet of ministers to the president and the president 's office .
In a referendum last year , Turks voted by a narrow majority to move to a powerful executive presidency . The political change is being ushered in after President Tayyip Erdoğan ‘ s triumph in the June 24 elections .
The office of prime minister is to be abolished and Erdoğan will be able to form and regulate ministries and remove civil servants , all without parliamentary approval .
The government has been issuing decrees , bypassing parliament , since a state of emergency imposed following an attempted military coup in July 2016 . Erdoğan has promised to lift emergency rule after the election .
The changes in the latest decree will take effect when Erdoğan takes the oath of office , expected in parliament on July 8 or 9 .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Tosin Oke , 36 , is the reigning African triple jump champion
Nigeria failed to win a medal at this month 's World Athletics Championships - meaning Africa 's most populous nation has come home empty-handed from eight of the last nine tournaments .
Some athletes , like Tosin Oke , feel the lack of medals reflects a lack of support from the Athletics Federation of Nigeria ( AFN ) .
The triple jumper alleges discrimination and the holding back of training funds from the AFN .
He also feels let down by the IAAF , after complaining to athletics ' governing body about his concerns .
Who is Oke ?
Image copyright Getty Images
Oke , 36 , is the reigning African champion in triple jump .
Having competed for Great Britain as a youngster - winning a European junior title - he switched to compete for his parents ' homeland after not being selected for the 2007 World Championships .
Since then , he has won three African titles : Two gold medals at the Africa Games ( the `` African Olympics '' ) and another gold medal at the 2010 Commonwealth Games . At the 2012 Olympics , Oke was Nigeria 's best performing individual athlete - finishing seventh in the final .
Nonetheless , he says he has suffered repeated discrimination at the hands of Nigerian sports authorities , which he believes stems from his public criticisms of their work .
After winning at the 2015 All Africa Games ( AAG ) , Oke wrote to the director-general of the National Sports Commission , the body then responsible for overseeing sport in Nigeria .
'No victory lap , no Olympics '
In his email to Alhassan Yakmut , the athlete outlined the funds he desired to support an attempt to go for a field medal at the 2016 Olympics - a feat which no Nigerian man has ever achieved .
`` Well received . Sorry your refusal to take a lap of honour at the AAG has ruled you out of Rio . Yakmut , '' came the reply .
A baffled Oke duly sent through pictures of his victory lap but failed to win over Yakmut , who chastised him for looking `` emotionless '' .
Two weeks later , Oke learned that his name had not been put forward by Nigerian officials for an Olympic Solidarity Scholarship training grant provided by the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) .
`` We do not know the criteria used by the IOC , '' Solomon Ogba , then president of the AFN but now a board member , had told him in March 2015 when Oke had queried his absence .
`` The selection was not done by us . What [ we ] did was send all the names to them , '' added Ogba , a vice-president of Nigeria 's National Olympic Committee ( NOC ) .
Image caption Tosin Oke won the triple jump gold medal at the 2015 All Africa Games in Brazzaville
Concerned by the tone of Yakmut 's mail , Oke wrote to the IOC to ask why it had rejected his application .
`` Your name was not included in the list of scholarship requests we received from your NOC , '' came the IOC reply .
When contacted by the BBC about the discrepancy between their versions of events , Oke said :
`` Athletes were asked to fill the forms which the NOC processed and sent to the IOC . Not all those - to the best of my knowledge - who filled the forms got the scholarship . ''
Despite lacking training funds , Oke did make it to Rio - after buying an expensive flight to Brazil at late notice when the AFN told him the government had not released funds on time .
Told he would be refunded for his fare in Brazil , Oke realised this would not be the case upon arrival in Rio , so he spent the run-up to his event trying to secure his money , which equated to two months ' salary .
`` At this point my mind was definitely not on competing , it was on 'this is a huge amount ' , '' he said .
Unlike 2012 , Oke failed to reach the final . He says he is still owed for a third of his flight fare . The government says all flight fares have been paid in full .
Nigerian record holders
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sprinter Femi Ogunode represents Qatar
Nigerian-born athletes hold the fastest 100m times on three different continents :
Africa ( Olusoji Fasuba , representing Nigeria )
Europe ( Francis Obikwelu , representing Portugal )
Asia ( Femi Ogunode , representing Qatar )
Oke says he has repeatedly failed to receive significant funds due to him from Nigerian officials - primarily for training grants .
Originating from the Nigerian government , the funds must pass through the AFN before reaching the athletes .
While saying he did receive some grants , Oke claims he was deprived of at least $ 146,500 ( £112,923 ) more by the AFN between 2010 and 2015 .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Tosin Oke won silver medals at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Ogba rejects the allegations .
`` The best thing is for him to petition the government who he claimed released money to the AFN , '' he told BBC Sport .
`` As a matter of fact , most of the monies he claimed to have received were my personal assistance to him and other athletes . ''
When contacted by the BBC , the Nigerian government declined to comment on this matter .
IAAF response
In December 2015 , Oke sent a 10-page statement to the IAAF in which he outlined his allegations of funds being withheld from athletes as well as other claims about lax doping controls and mismanagement - all of which he largely blamed on then-AFN president Ogba .
Ogba denies the allegations .
In his letter , Oke also hoped that its recipient - IAAF President Lord Coe - would find his `` experiences serious enough to ask the right questions of the characters running the federation '' .
The IAAF responded to Oke 's letter by sending a representative to meet the athlete , Chief Ogba and the AFN 's general secretary in March 2016 .
`` Having spent time with both Mr Oke and his federation [ president and general secretary ] , the IAAF representative left reassured that the other issues canvassed by Mr Oke would be resolved between them , '' Huw Roberts , the IAAF 's Legal Counsel , told BBC Sport .
The IAAF did not confirm whether or not its representative had brought up the denial of funds at the meeting .
Oke feels the IAAF effectively asked the AFN to investigate itself .
'Lax ' doping controls
Oke had also told the IAAF how he had witnessed insufficient doping controls in Nigeria .
`` This year [ 2015 ] , I saw an athlete enter the doping room claiming to be another athlete , '' he wrote . `` As ID is not asked for/checked , anything is possible . ''
The IAAF says that according to its representative , the issue was not raised in March 2016 when he met both Oke and Chief Ogba .
Oke maintains he did discuss wider concerns over doping in Nigeria with the representative , even if he did not directly address the matter above .
`` The AFN , under my leadership , fought doping violations with every vigour we could muster , '' Chief Ogba told BBC Sport .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Nigeria 's athletes did not manage to win a medal at the 2017 World Championships held in London
Oke was not originally set to compete at the 2017 World Championships in London .
As an area champion , he was qualified to do so but the AFN did not put his name forward on time .
`` It was the duty of your National Federation to submit your entry in due course , '' the IAAF told Oke .
`` At this late stage , with entry lists being already published , I am afraid there is nothing we can do . ''
When the BBC asked the IAAF about Oke 's letter of 2015 and its various allegations , the initial response that came back two working days later largely dealt with the athlete 's selection issues with Nigeria .
It also revealed that the Nigerian had now been included in the World Championships - just six days before the event began .
The IAAF told Oke this was due to `` exceptional '' circumstances .
Oke , who says he had stopped training in the run-up since he was not expecting to be involved , finished in 25th place .
Despite his experiences , the athlete still hopes to compete for Nigeria at next year 's Commonwealth Games .
He is not the only athlete to be frustrated by the way in which Nigerian athletics is run , with several havings switched nationality to compete for other countries in recent years .
Since the BBC wrote to the IAAF , the body 's Athletics Integrity Unit - which became operational in April - has invited Oke to re-submit his claims .
The Spice Girls might be cooking up another reunion for their fans !
Baby , Scary , Sporty , Ginger , and Posh hinted that they may soon be back to Spice up our lives .
Mel B got together with her former bandmates , and she had to share the reunion with the world !
She wrote , “ These amazing women have helped me become who I am , so to all the girls out there remember ‘ friendship never ever ends ' ! ! ! ! Boom # spicegirls # coloursoftheword # wantwereallyreallywant # mumsworkinghard # blastoff ”
From Mel 's hashtags , it looks like the Spice Girls are gearing up to work together again !
The last time we saw the girls perform was at the closing ceremony of the 2012 Summer Olympics in London . It 's not clear what prompted the girls to catch up this week , but they released a joint statement to confirm that a reunion could be on the horizon !
“ We have enjoyed a wonderful afternoon catching-up and reminiscing about the amazing times we have spent together . We are always overwhelmed at how much interest there is across the whole world for The Spice Girls , ” they shared .
“ The time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together , ” they continued , announcing that they 're all looking forward to another Spice Girls project . “ We all agree that there are many exciting possibilities that will once again embrace the original essence of The Spice Girls , while reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations . ”
Victoria Beckham also posted the same picture with her own caption , sharing how sweet it was to see the girls again . She also captured a short clip of the reunion with a very special guest on Ginger 's hip–her new son !
RELATED STORIES :
Mel B Cuts Her Ex-Husband 's Name From Her Body In Extreme Tattoo Removal
Mel B Throws Water On Simon Cowell During Live Taping Of ‘ AGT ' After He Brings Up Her Ex Husband
HAUTE OR NAUGHT : Is Mel B . A Gold Platter In This Jumpsuit ?
Also On 101.1 The Wiz :
More Videos 2:50 Coach K on college basketball : 'We are not running this the way a billion-dollar industry should be run ' Pause 0:29 NC State 's Chubb makes a breathtaking sack 11:11 NC State 's Doeren : 'What a win ' 1:13 Experience NC State 's victory over Louisville 1:28 Panthers Luke Kuechly on familiarity with Buffalo Bills : 'They know us , we know them ' 0:56 UNC 's Fedora says Notre Dame game a great opportunity for the Tar Heels 0:36 UNC officials and coaches arrive for NCAA hearing 1:07 Panthers Cam Newton thinks it 's funny to hear a `` female talk about routes '' 0:50 Here 's what uptown Charlotte looks like from inside a NASCAR race car 2:10 Charlotte 's mayoral candidates Vi Lyles and Kenny Smith : Advocate for Schools Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
NC State 's Chubb makes a breathtaking sack On third and two , NC State 's Bradley Chubb chases down Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson and sacks him for a loss of five yards , forcing Louisville to punt during the Wolfpack 's victory over the Cardinals at Carter-Finley Stadium in Raleigh , NC . On third and two , NC State 's Bradley Chubb chases down Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson and sacks him for a loss of five yards , forcing Louisville to punt during the Wolfpack 's victory over the Cardinals at Carter-Finley Stadium in Raleigh , NC . Ethan Hyman ehyman @ newsobserver.com
On third and two , NC State 's Bradley Chubb chases down Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson and sacks him for a loss of five yards , forcing Louisville to punt during the Wolfpack 's victory over the Cardinals at Carter-Finley Stadium in Raleigh , NC . Ethan Hyman ehyman @ newsobserver.com
Protesters march on Broad Street late Sunday Aug. 13 , 2017 , in Richmond , Va . The group marched through the Fan District to the Lee Monument to Jackson Ward . The march was held a day after a white supremacist rally spiraled into deadly violence in Charlottesville , Va. Richmond Times-Dispatch via AP Shelby Lum
Missy Elliott has been one of the biggest names in music for almost 25 years , but for some reason , Joseline Hernandez still felt the need to give the vet some advice from her 5 years in the game .
Misdemeanor took to Instagram to share some positive food for thought about keeping one 's circle small and surrounding yourself with supportive people . Apparently the Puerto Rican Princess missed the message and decided to share what was on her heart . Joseline commented on Missy 's post , “ Sis get rid of Mona . ”
Ballerific Comment Creepin 🌾👀🌾 # joselinehernandez # commentcreepin A post shared by Baller Alert ( @ balleralert ) on Dec 8 , 2017 at 4:44pm PST
Along with the late great Chris Lighty , Mona Scott-Young use to manage many hip hop acts , including Missy Elliott , way before her days as Love & Hip Hop HBIC . No word on whether or not she still manages Missy , but rumors were swirling that the two had a private relationship before . Was Joseline trying to tell us , and Missy something ?
Hit the flip to see what Mona has to say about her relationship with Missy Elliott .
1 2Next page »
Also On 101.1 The Wiz :
Naicam residents will have some rink upgrades to look forward to in the New Year .
The Canada 150 Community Infrastructure Program is investing well over $ 4,000,000 into 62 community projects across the province , with Naicam being one of those communities .
Half of the over $ 42,000 project will be paid for by the Canada 150 funds , with the rest being covered by the town of Naicam .
New rubber flooring , higher safety glass in the rink , a kids play area , a wheelchair lift for the bleacher area , and landscaping at the Curling rink is what is set to be complete .
While some major portions of the project will be complete by the end of March , the full project will be complete by September 30th .
The # MeToo Movement is hitting a little closer to home in Black Hollywood .
Vincent Cirrincione , the former manager of Halle Berry and current manager of Taraji P. Henson , has been accused of sexual harassment by nine women of color , mostly who are African-American .
Hollywood manager Vincent Cirrincione has been accused of sexual harassment by nine women according to a new report . Full details : https : //t.co/YBziTbzw3G pic.twitter.com/0ITseGXba5 — IndieWire ( @ IndieWire ) February 3 , 2018
According to the Washington Post , the nine women–eight of which are Black and one who is Asian-American–came forward to the newspaper accusing Cirrincione of making sexual advances toward them . These accusations spanned almost 20 years from 1993-2011 .
The Post reported that three of the women claimed that the Hollywood manager propositioned sex as a condition of representing them and their acting careers . Another woman claims Cirrincione offered to help her advance her career if she agreed to have sex with him on a monthly basis .
In addition , another actress swears that he masturbated in front of her in his office while she was a client of his .
Even worse ? Because Cirrincione is one of the few managers who supports Black actresses and works to catapult them into the spotlight , he would “ dangle ” his past and current success with Halle and Taraji in front of them like “ bait , ” the women said .
Of course , Cirrincione denies that he sexually harassed or used his power and position to get these women to have sex with him . He claims that his only bad deeds were having consensual affairs with them and cheating on his girlfriend . “ We live in a time where men are being confronted with a very real opportunity to take responsibility for their actions . I support this movement wholeheartedly . I have had female clients and employees my entire career in this industry . I have built a reputation for advancing the careers of women of color , ” Cirrincione said . He added , “ I have had affairs while in committed relationships , ones I am now ashamed to say are coming to light and shading my past and my reputation . I can say without a doubt that I have never used favors , sexual or otherwise , as a reason for managing anyone . I want to make it clear that not one of those relationships were anything but consensual. ” Halle Berry is speaking out after nine women accused her former manager of sexual harassment . https : //t.co/UO2CYSMzVx — JustJared.com ( @ JustJared ) February 3 , 2018
On Friday ( Feb. 2 ) , Halle took to social media to address the situation and remind the women that she stands by them no matter what .
” Yesterday I was saddened by the allegations against my former manager , Vincent Cirrincione , but today I 'm sick after reading the horrifying detailed accounts of his abuse towards 9 women , ” the 50-year-old Oscar winner wrote .
“ I 'm livid that he used me , and the role model he helped me become , to lure and manipulate innocent , vulnerable women of color for his predatory actions , ” she continued .
“ I 'm deeply hurt and I want these women and countless others to know I see you . I hear you . You matter . I will fight for you . ”
https : //twitter.com/halleberry/status/959615344854872065
Apparently , Berry ended her 25-year professional relationship with Cirrincione three years ago when she heard a disturbing story about him on a radio show .
“ Over three years ago , a woman was on the radio saying that Halle Berry 's manager was her worst casting couch experience ever . That news literally stopped me in my tracks . I immediately confronted Vince about it , and he denied it completely . But even with his denial , something did n't feel right in my spirit , and with the possibility that it could be true , I immediately ended our over-25-year relationship , ” Berry said in a statement .
However , she is clear : Cirrincione had never been inappropriate with her .
Meanwhile , Taraji , who is currently a client of Cirrincione , is n't talking about walking away from him , at least not yet .
She told the Post , “ I 've never had any issue with this on any level . He totally respected me…He saw a single mother trying to make her dreams come true , and he nurtured that . ”
She added , “ He wrote checks and would n't ask for anything in return . It was n't coming from a creepy place . If anything , it empowered me . Like this man believes in me . I love him for that . ”
“ He is always brutally honest with me about black women 's space in this industry… I just looked to him as a man who understood the black woman 's plight in the industry . I never looked at him as a magical , mythical creature . ”
* * *
It 's not a secret that Black women in Hollywood face steeper obstacles than their white counterparts . As the Post pointed out , a UCLA study found that of the top 168 U.S. films ranked in 2015 , Black women starred in just two films ; white women starred in 44 .
Tamika Lamison , a director and one of the nine women accusing Cirrincione of sexual harassment , stressed that these disparaging numbers make Black actresses even more vulnerable to this type of harassment .
“ Any kind of sexual misconduct or harassment that 's talked about from women is automatically suspect , ” said Lamison . “ For black women , it seems like we are even more marginalized when it comes to something like that . Historically , how we have been treated and looked at — and to some degree oversexualized — makes it difficult . ”
In terms of Cirrincione , she stressed , “ You have people who say he just made a pass , that he was just making an offer . But that 's not just what happened . ”
“ He is abusing his power in a way that is really damaging . ”
This is a developing story and we will provide updates when they become available .
RELATED NEWS :
Him Too ? Tavis Smiley Suspended For Sexual Harassment Claims
Dismissed : Oprah Winfrey Drops Russell Simmons From Advice Book Amid Sexual Assault Allegations
# MeToo : Lupita Nyong ' o Opens Up About Her Past Experiences With Harvey Weinstein , ‘ I Felt Unsafe '
Also On 101.1 The Wiz :
New markets to push rice growth – Agri . Minister
Agriculture Minister , Noel Holder , is upbeat about the future of the rice industry as Government has five new export markets that will realize growth , although losing preferential access to the Venezuelan market .
“ I am pleased to report that we have secured five new export markets , namely Canada , United States of America , Cuba , Mexico and Peru . Mexico and Cuba came on board in 2017 and thus far , Cuba imported 15,513 metric tonnes with additional contracts to be fulfilled before December , ” Holder stated .
By the end of the year , the Minister noted that rice production is projected to be 602,087 metric tonnes , representing an increase by 12 . 7 percent , although there has been serious concerns given the collapse of the rice for oil PetroCaribe deal with Venezuela in 2014 .
“ Despite the uncertainty that surrounded the rice industry following the collapse of the Venezuelan market in 2014 , the industry managed to surpass production and export targets . In 2015 , 687,784 tonnes of rice were produced , the highest production of rice ever achieved in Guyana of which 537,334 metric tonnes were exported . ”
While in 2016 , production numbers fell due to poor weather conditions caused by El Nino , the Minister noted that the increase in 2017 is due to improvements in yield and access to new markets . As of November 27 , paddy production stood at 956,327 metric tonnes with farmers receiving as much as $ 3,500 per bag of paddy in Regions Four and Five .
According to Noel , in 2018 , rice exports are projected at 520,000 metric tonnes to 34 countries at a value of U.S. $ 176,890,000 .
The Minister noted that between January and October this year , exports declined by one percent to 436,826 metric tonnes when compared with the same period in 2016 . However , due to higher prices in 2017 , the export value was five percent higher at U.S. $ 163 , 605,766 during the period .
He shared that the Burma Rice research station has 60 acres under cultivation of a new , high yielding variety that is expected to be released to farmers by April 2018 .
“ The industry will be producing high quality seed of internationally acceptable standards , establish a national seed certification programme and produce three new varieties of paddy , including one aromatic and two hybrids , by 2019 via the Malaysia Rice Production Reverse Linkage Project , ” Holder stated .
He also noted that more than 1200 farmers were trained through technology transfer in various disciplines within the industry including paddy grading , management of pest and disease and improved production practices .
A former resident at a Catholic children 's home has told an inquiry that she was raped by a priest .
Helen Holland said she was eight years old when the priest and a nun began to sexually abuse her at Nazareth House in Kilmarnock , East Ayrshire .
She told the Scottish Child Abuse Inquiry the nun held her down during the abuse .
Ms Holland , who has waived her right to anonymity , said she suffered years of physical and emotional cruelty .
She said the nun repeatedly told her the devil was inside her .
The inquiry before Lady Smith continues .
0:46 This dad and his baby perform circus-like balancing acts Kevin Russell wanted to help his daughter improve her balance , so he started practicing having her stand on his outstretched hands . After a year-and-a-half , the results are pretty impressive .
0:53 Stampede of commuters barely makes it off a burning bus A bus burst into flames in Harbin City , China , after one of the tires caught on fire . More than 50 passengers rushed to evacuate , causing a stampede .
0:45 Woman munches on raw meat outside a train station A woman was seen eating a pound of raw meat outside a train station in central London . The person filming the gruesome sight gasped when she bit into the uncooked ground beef , which she drizzled with oil , and topped off by biting into a whole lemon .
1:13 Cop gets wrestled to the ground and hit with car before suspect 's arrest A routine traffic stop turned into a high-speed chase in Georgia , after a driver wrestled a deputy to the ground and escaped arrest . The suspect eventually was driven off the road and charged with possession of a large amount of Xanax and aggravated assault against a law enforcement officer .
0:59 The sex scandals that plagued these political careers Sex scandals are common , especially in politics . In the wake of President Trump 's alleged affair with porn star Stormy Daniels , here 's a look at the most shocking sex scandals and affairs that left marks on our political history .
0:35 Cyclist goes airborne after he 's hit by reckless driver North Wales police released CCTV footage of reckless driver Jake David Tompkinson hitting a cyclist , who went flying through the air . This week , Tompkins was sentenced to a year in prison and a two-and-a-half-year ban on driving . Police say Tompkins was driving carelessly and not paying attention at the time of the incident in July 2017 . The biker sustained serious injuries and allowed the footage of his accident to be released to raise awareness of reckless driving .
0:55 Masked couple batter shop owner and steal $ 35K worth of gold Qatari tourist Mohammed Ibrahim Malki and his lady friend Aisha Udomwatananon donned masks to rob a Thai gold shop . Janyong Nopparat , t he store owner , was hit over the head with a metal bar and repeatedly punched in front of his horrified wife . The thieving couple fled in a car that was rented from a tourist resort miles from the gold shop . They were later found and arrested . Janyong and his wife were traumatized and injured , but they did get the $ 35,000 worth of gold returned .
0:51 Pepsi thief forgets to cover his face before stealing vending machine One Pepsi was not enough . Two men in Oklahoma City were seen stealing a Pepsi vending machine , after one of the thieves purchased a drink just five minutes before . The bandanna-clad suspects loaded the entire machine into a white pickup truck .
0:57 15-foot python found living inside this man 's living room wall Forget the exterminator — time to call a snake charmer . A 15-foot-long python was caught hiding inside the walls of a living room in Bangkok . “ This was an unusual place to find the snake , ” said one of the rescuers , who hammered through the plasterboard to catch the serpent . “ We think it got inside though a gap in the wall to shelter from the rain . ”
According to Emile , all the students in the photo do identify as queer .
`` Personally , I think gender neutral bathrooms are a necessity , '' she said . `` Everyone deserves the right to exist in a public space . ''
Lopez Obrador promises smooth transition to Mexico 's new gov't
Mexico City , Jul 3 ( EFE ) .- Mexico 's president-elect , Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , said Tuesday that the transition to his government will be orderly and peaceful without anything to be afraid of , after meeting with current President Enrique Peña Nieto at the National Palace .
“ Throughout this period we must come to an agreement on many issues . Above all to make the transition orderly and peaceful , with nothing to be afraid of , while giving people confidence in our economic plans , ” said the leader of the leftist National Regeneration Movement ( Morena ) and winner of the July 1 presidential election .
Lopez Obrador said that until Mexico 's Electoral Tribunal officially names him president-elect , he wo n't start the transition of powers , which will go on until his inauguration on Dec. 1 .
Mexico 's future president also said he 'll give up certain luxuries of the office like a security guard , the Los Pinos residence and the presidential airplane , as he promised during the campaign .
In addition , he said he will convert the official residence of Los Pinos into a “ space for the arts and culture of the Mexican people ” and that he wo n't live there .
“ I 've always believed that the people will look out for me , and that the person who fights for justice has nothing to fear , ” he said .
The winner of the election thanked Peña Nieto for “ acting in a respectful manner ” during the electoral process and said that “ in general the elections were clean and free . ”
Lopez Obrador noted that in past elections – he ran for president unsuccessfully in 2006 and 2012 – he was hurt by “ factional interventions , ” unlike on this occasion , where “ citizens ' votes were respected . ”
Matters he discussed with Peña Nieto included the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) , the construction of Mexico City 's new airport , and energy reform , which has liberalized the hydrocarbon industries .
The meeting began punctually at 11:00 am at the National Palace , after the Morena leader made a flamboyant appearance surrounded by the media and his followers .
More than 89 million Mexicans went to the polls this July 1 , making these elections the most voluminous in the nation 's history .
Besides choosing the new president , voters elected 128 senators , 500 lawmakers , eight governors and the head of the Mexico City government , along with thousands of local officials .
Where does Yankees 'ridiculous ' farm system rank now ? The Yankees said goodbye to last year 's touted first-round pick . Gone is another first-rounder , a reclamation project who was posting a 2.62 ERA in High-A . Dealt away is an outfield ...
Sonny Gray ? Marco Estrada ? Plotting the Yankees ' next step The Yankees will continue to monitor the trade market between now and July 31 . But there is a strong likelihood their most significant deal came 14 days before the deadline , ...
Meet the stud prospects the Yankees just cashed in The Yankees bolstered their short-term prospects Tuesday night , swapping mostly long-term prospects for Todd Frazier , David Robertson and Tommy Kahnle . The logic behind the deal is easy to see : The ...
Seven takeaways from Yankees ' big trade with White Sox The Yankees were determined to improve their 2017 playoff chances and 2018 roster all while not devastating 2019 and beyond . They believed they threaded that needle Tuesday by obtaining Todd ...
A rising star outfield prospect shows how deep Yankees go With a major league outfield that may be boxing out Jacoby Ellsbury and a Triple-A unit with Clint Frazier and Dustin Fowler , the Yankees do n't need another outfielder on the ...
Yankees super-prospect shaped by instant he nearly lost his dad TAMPA — A year ago at this time , Blake Rutherford was displaying high-end skills that had him projected to be a first-round pick . And not knowing that life was going to ...
Where Yankees farm system separates itself from Mets ' Spring training is here , and this season is coming into view . So , it 's about time to ponder future seasons . The foremost lists of prospect rankings have been released , which appears to ...
The 'exceptional ' Yankees prospect flying under the radar The Yankees may have done even better in the latest MLB draft than it seemed . Outfielder Blake Rutherford , who was selected by the Yankees with the 18th overall pick in ...
A close-up view of A-Rod 's first day as Yankees coach TAMPA – Alex Rodriguez was back in uniform Friday with the Yankees on Derek Jeter Field at their minor league complex , this time as a guest instructor . “ It still fits , '' Rodriguez ...
Chobani Greek yogurt founder Hamdi Ulukaya settled a $ 1 billion lawsuit with his ex-wife on Tuesday — just as a judge was about to issue a critical ruling in the ...
Share On more Share On more
Yoooooooo , Alex Trebek is the coldest dude in the game , lololololol . I 'm dying laughing . @ DragonflyJonez… https : //t.co/XvcSCPpVs3
0 for 5 on the football category . Trebek is embarrassed . I love this .
`` Let 's look at the $ 1,000 clue , just for the fun of it , '' Trebek said , to laughter , to close out the round .
`` If you guys ring in and get this one , I will die , '' Trebek said , before supplying the answer .
People online were here for it .
Whitby Town 's 2017/18 Evo-Stik Premier campaign got underway with a 1-0 defeat at Barwell . Paul Connolly returns with five things we learned from the defeat .
1 ) Whitby struggled to go forward
The fact of the match is that the Blues just could n't find a route to goal .
Across the ninety minutes , Whitby tested Barwell stopper Liam Castle just twice all afternoon , with Mikey Roberts and Steven Snaith forcing saves .
With the way in which Barwell set up , Whitby struggled to get out of a compacted midfield and advance their play into the final third , contributing to a frustrating afternoon .
2 ) The Blues could n't handle Barwell 's second half game plan
As mentioned , Barwell flooded the midfield with three to four central men across the game , to stifle Whitby 's creativity and cut off supply to the forwards , forcing them to play sideways for the most part .
At the back , they were well organised and set up across the afternoon to play like an away side .
The hosts allowed Whitby time on the ball and looked to break out quickly after winning possession using pace and energy from the bench , which paid off with the only goal of the game .
3 ) Whitby look susceptible to through balls
Much like the final game of pre-season against South Shields , it was a through ball that set a forward away to open the scoring .
This time , it was Ryan Seal who lost his man easily , before converting his Hildreth 's pass to break the deadlock .
Questions were again asked about the Blues ' marking for the goal , much like the week before , with both Seal and Holmes shaking off their man with relative ease .
4 ) Anthony Hume 's impact came too late
It took until the dying embers for Anthony Hume to enter proceedings at Barwell , though in his few minutes on the field , he yet again made a nuisance of himself , winning a number of key headers .
Though Whitby is not keen on direct play , Hume 's presence saw Whitby bypass the midfield and look to create chances again .
Had this change come earlier for the Blues , it could have been a very different game and a very different outcome for Hardy 's side .
5 ) Whitby 's strength in depth up front needs to be sorted
The Blues currently possess only four recognised strikers in their match day squad .
With Luke Bythway being utilised as a defender rather than an attacker , that number falls to three , with Roberts , Matty Tymon and Hume the club 's only options .
The search , however , is harder than it seems with a number of recognised targets having chosen to go elsewhere .
Blues boss Chris Hardy , however , is working on the issue and hopes to have it resolved sooner rather than later .
Curtis Granderson knows that , unlike a well-known giraffe that just gave birth , he never will be positively associated with the word “ April . ”
“ Most of my springs have been pretty good , ” the Mets outfielder said Sunday morning at Marlins Park , “ Then , once the season gets rolling around , that 's not necessarily the same way . For whatever reason , I do n't know . I 've been trying to understand it and figure it out . ”
The Mets ' oldest player , hitting leadoff because his teammate Jose Reyes is performing even worse than him , proceeded to go 0-for-5 as the Mets lost their third straight to the Marlins , 4-2 .
These Mets , 7-6 after their rough weekend and kicking off a long homestand Tuesday night with the lousy Phillies , should be fine . Their starting rotation can be elite and their bullpen gets a big boost Thursday with the return of Jeurys Familia from his 15-game suspension . Their offense , if still too homer-happy for many folks ' taste , features players with strong track records up and down the lineup plus the rising stock that is Michael Conforto .
Their best chance at attaining their potential does not come by benching Granderson for Conforto , a surprisingly popular notion floated out there in the faniverse . It comes in letting Granderson figure it out as he always does , eventually .
Granderson , 36 , now owns a ghastly .174/.235/.261 slash line in 12 games , with no home runs in 46 at-bats . In the Grapefruit League , he slashed .275/.339/.510 with three home runs in 52 at-bats , lending credence to the idea he has n't suddenly fallen off a cliff , but rather he just ca n't solve the season 's initial stanza . For his career , he is .238/.331/.460 in April , his second-worst month ; in August , he 's a .231/.327/.440 hitter .
“ I 'm not sure if it 's the transition from spring to the beginning of the season , ” Granderson said . “ If it 's the timing of the games , more day games to more night games . The weather . The inconsistency of playing [ time in spring training ] . … I do n't know what it is . Maybe it 's a different view [ when you 're hitting ] . You have fewer things out there in spring training and you have more things during the season . ”
If he sounds like a man fishing for excuses , you must be new to the Grandiverse . Granderson is unique , among the ballplayers I 've covered , in his ability to detach himself from his own travails and discuss them in a friendly , analytical manner . He knows he 's hurting the team with his results . He also knows that wallowing in those results carries no value .
“ I feel like regardless of whatever the situation is , good , bad , there 's no reason to ever get too high or too low . Especially with baseball , ” he said . “ There 's an opportunity for the next day to be completely different , both good or bad . Everyone 's like , ‘ Dang , you did this , why did n't you celebrate ? ' Or : ‘ You did this , why did n't you throw your bat ? Why did n't you argue ? ' or whatever . I just always looked at it : If it changes something , then I 'll start doing it . ”
Sure enough , if you saw Granderson deliver perhaps his biggest hit of the season , a triple Saturday night off Marlins lefty starter Adam Conley that tied the game , you saw him coolly gesture toward his teammates in the first-base dugout . He did n't go wild .
“ Look at that situation , ” he said . “ We tied the game . We still had game left to play . I still had to come across and score . And then as we got a lead [ on a Conforto sacrifice fly ] and extended it , yeah , things are comfortable and exciting , and the next thing you know , we 're tied up . ”
Had the Mets held onto that lead , there would be less heat on everyone . Instead , Granderson finds himself a hot topic . He 's cool with it .
“ I 've glanced at stuff people have said over the course of my career , ” he said , smiling . “ At one moment , people are hating you . And then at the next moment , you 're the best player ever . It 's really interesting how roller-coaster fans get . ”
The Mets should ride out the Granderson roller coaster . They know the destination always has justified the journey . No matter how often you experience it , though , it 's a hell of an opening drop .
Seven days in Newark will determine Seton Hall 's NCAA Tournament fate . Three tournament teams will visit Prudential Center in the next week , each offering coach Kevin Willard 's team an opportunity to enhance its résumé , while also presenting significant challenges that could sink the Pirates ' high hopes for March .
The all-or-nothing homestand starts Wednesday with No . 20 Creighton , continues Saturday against defending national champion Villanova and wraps up Feb. 22 against Xavier . Anything less than two victories could doom Seton Hall , which still has to visit No . 24 Butler .
“ We have three great teams at home , ” Willard said . “ We have to step up to the challenge . ”
The Pirates ( 15-9 , 5-7 Big East ) remain on the tournament bubble because of a challenging non-conference schedule and quality neutral-site wins over No . 21 South Carolina and California . But they have yet to post any marquee conference victories , with the best wins over bubble teams Marquette , Georgetown and Providence . As a result , the Pirates ' numbers are iffy . They are ranked 49th in RPI and 55th by the analytics-based website , KenPom.com .
Seton Hall has n't fared well against the cream of the conference , going 0-4 against Villanova , Creighton , Xavier and Butler , teams it will have to beat to return to the tournament . It seemed as if Willard 's team had righted the ship following overtime wins over Georgetown and Providence , but the Pirates no-showed a Garden matinee against St. John 's on Saturday , and thoroughly were outplayed in a 78-70 defeat that was n't as close as the final score .
But their belief did n't seem any less after the loss .
“ Every time they 've had a tough challenge , they 've bounced back , ” Willard said . “ That 's why I have a lot of confidence in them . ”
The return of junior forward Ismael Sanogo , who is a game-time decision according to Willard after missing the past two games with an ankle injury , would be a major bonus , particularly to help Angel Delgado deal with Creighton freshman dynamo Justin Patton .
The Pirates have played well at home , losing just once , to Butler , but outside of the Bulldogs , the opponents have not been overly strong . That will change over the next seven days , and by the night of Feb. 22 , the Pirates likely will know where they stand .
Sports News of Monday , 14 August 2017
Source : Starrfmonline.com
2017-08-14
Former NSA boss , Worlanyo Agrah
The National Sports Authority ( NSA ) has written to some past officials of the Sports Authority to appear before the Public Accounts Committee ( PAC ) of Parliament to answer questions over funds released to the authority by AngloGold Ashanti for the construction of outdoor multi-purpose sports courts in 2007 .
According to the director of NSA , Robert Sarfo Mensah his predecessors , Worlanyo Agrah , Alice Attipoe , accountant Otuo among others have been officially informed to appear before PAC .
Meanwhile , a five-member audit committee has been set up by the NSA to investigate and retrieve the said amount .
Mr. Mensah said his outfit inaugurated and tasked the committee to delve into the Auditor General 's report and to make recommendations on whether to retrieve the funds involved or reprimand the officers involved in order to avoid a future occurrence per the new Public Financial Management Act .
An Auditor General 's report as far back as 2012 charged the NSA for misappropriation of the funds on administration purposes instead of providing the facilities , the reason for the release of the money .
The report indicated that the NSA contravened Section 179 ( 1 ) of the Financial Administration Regulations ( FAR ) thus affecting the successful execution of the project which was supposed to build sports courts in some selected areas in the country .
Despite AngloGold Ashanti releasing $ 2 million to the NSA in 2007 to help build the facilities , none of them could be located or sighted with the supposed one due completion having been an abandoned project at Enchi , Dadieso in the Western region .
Celebrate the Fourth in style with the hottest sales of the week 7 For All Mankind Visit 7forallmankind.com for store locations Sale : Jun . 30-Jul.6 . Up to 50 percent of men 's and women 's denim . Bird Visit shopbird.com for store locations Sale : Jun . 30-Jul . 3 ....
The hottest fashion sales in NYC this week 7 For All Mankind Visit 7forallmankind.com for store locations Sale : Jun . 23-Jul.6 . Up to 50 percent of men 's and women 's denim . Amanda Uprichard 231 W. 39th St. , between Seventh and ...
Jeep unveils revamped Wrangler When Fiat Chrysler engineers and designers set out to revamp the venerable Jeep Wrangler for the first time in a decade , they did n't want to mess much with its looks ....
Build the 'dam wall ' : What Houston needs now Exploding chemical plants . More than 100,000 people without drinking water . Despite these headline disasters , Hurricane Harvey has also revealed an important success story : The waterworks the government built seven decades ...
Senator : Army Corps to proceed with Dakota pipeline easement BISMARCK , N.D. — North Dakota Sen. John Hoeven says the acting secretary of the Army has directed the Army Corps of Engineers to proceed with an easement necessary to complete ...
Army Corps of Engineers wo n't grant easement for Dakota Access Pipeline Protesters at the Standing Rock Indian Reservation have beaten back the Dakota Access Pipeline , which will no longer be built across the sacred land , the US Army Corps of Engineers ...
The Indians were right all along about this historic skull In 1996 , a couple college students went on a beer-fueled mission to check out girls and ended up stumbling on what would be one of the most historic , and controversial , ...
Scientist warned in '99 of deadly mudslide ARLINGTON , Wash. — A scientist working for the government had warned 15 years ago about the potential for a catastrophic landslide in the fishing village where the weekend collapse of ...
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) — Prosecutors allege a Milwaukee woman killed her 4-year-old son by setting him on fire in a bathtub in their apartment .
Twenty-three-year-old Amelia DiStasio faces a charge of first-degree intentional homicide . She remains jailed with bail set at $ 400,000 .
According to the complaint , authorities were called about smoke at DiStasio 's south side apartment Thursday morning and found her son Antonio 's burned and lifeless body in the bathtub . His hands had been bound behind his back with several belts , and a plastic garbage bag was over his head . An open bottle of cooking oil was in the bathroom .
The mother was not home . A witness says she saw DiStasio climb out of the apartment window and run away .
A police officer later found DiStasio walking . It 's unclear if she has an attorney .
Nobody had a better weekend than longtime Arizona State men 's basketball media relations director Doug Tammaro . He watched as ASU stunned then-No . 2 ranked Kansas at Allen Fieldhouse and returned to Arizona as his beloved Steelers rallied to beat the Ravens .
Just as it seemed like nothing could bring Tammaro down , his daughter reminded him of a promise he made in Italy back in August . And she saved the receipts .
That moment when you might have had too much wine in Italy in August and you tell your Sun Devil daughter if we beat Kansas you will give her $ 500 to spend at mall ( and forgot she had it on video ) . pic.twitter.com/Aw9HlGnPu8 — Doug Tammaro ( @ DougTammaro ) December 11 , 2017
Tammaro told his daughter at the time :
“ If we win at Kansas , I will give you a $ 500 spending spree at the mall . ”
Fast forward to Sunday :
9-0 ‼️ DOWN GOES NO . 2 KANSAS ‼️ pic.twitter.com/lOQbJ3yJGV — Arizona State Sun Devils ( @ TheSunDevils ) December 10 , 2017
Oh , no !
I 'm sure a lot of bets have been made over wine in Italy and very few have ended well . Tammaro told For The Win that he completely forgot about the video . And though it sounds like he will honor the bet with his daughter , he will not be going double or nothing . “ Not with that backcourt , ” he said .
Give the kid her money ! 😈 pic.twitter.com/OEU7FLtV0s — Christina Hundley ( @ SFsundevil ) December 11 , 2017
With the win over Kansas , undefeated ASU climbed to No . 6 in the USA TODAY Sports men 's basketball poll — its best ranking in the USA TODAY Sports poll 's history .
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information , people and ideas , Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information , news and insight around the world .
After an investigation by the Office of the Fire Marshal , the cause of the fire that destroyed a waterfront home in Fort Erie early Saturday has been determined not to be criminal or suspicious in nature .
According to a press release issued by Niagara Regional Police , the investigation has been concluded .
Members of the Fort Erie Fire Department were called out to a home on Kam Road along the shore of Crescent Beach around 5 a.m. Saturday .
Upon arrival , the home was fully engulfed in flames .
The residence was unoccupied at the time and no injuries were reported .
Damage was pegged at $ 500,000 .
A neighbouring home also sustained approximately $ 20,000 in damage .
Alleged thief : Boxer 's bodyguard told me to take his bag The woman arrested for running off with a pro boxer 's bling-filled bag claims she 's no bag snatcher — she was told to abscond with the pricey pack when a fight ...
Crook turns herself in for swiping boxer 's jewel-filled bag at club The woman who allegedly ran off with pro boxer 's cash-filled bag at Jay-Z 's 40/40 nightclub over the weekend was arrested Tuesday , cops say . Connecticut woman Sarah Morin , 40 , turned ...
Boxer loses bag stuffed with more than $ 150K at Jay-Z 's club Not one but five knockouts cost a pro fighter his purse — stuffed with $ 155,000 in cash and jewelry — at a Flatiron nightclub , police said Sunday . Professional pugilist Jermall ...
Woman allegedly slashes man 's face with wine glass at 40/40 club A woman slashed a man across the face with a shattered wine glass at an upscale nightclub owned by hip-hop star Jay-Z , early Saturday morning , police say . Lia Blount , 27 , ...
Bey and Jay kick back at 40/40 Club amid Kanye chaos While thousands gathered at Webster Hall for a surprise Kanye West show that never happened , Beyoncé and Jay-Z were at Jay 's 40/40 Club .
19 places to get punch drunk during Saturday 's big fight Saturday night is shaping up to be a knockout party in the Big Apple . As Filipino fighter Manny “ Pac-Man ” Pacquiao readies to take on American Floyd “ Money ” Mayweather Jr. for ...
Justin Bieber brought his Xbox to Jay-Z 's 40/40 Club Justin Bieber brought his own Xbox to a birthday bash for Pastor Carl Lentz at Jay-Z 's 40/40 Club on Thursday night . We 're told despite the celebration for the leader ...
Suspicious device found outside Jay-Z 's 40/40 Club Jay-Z 's club was a real blast — when cops blew up fake “ bombs ” planted outside the hip-hop star 's swanky 40/40 Club in the Flatiron District on Tuesday . NYPD counterterrorism and ...
YOUNGSTOWN , Ohio ( AP ) — Police say a 2-year-old boy was shot in northeastern Ohio and was flown to an Akron hospital for treatment .
Investigators say they 're trying to determine how the child was shot in the leg Sunday night at a home in Liberty Township , several miles north of downtown Youngstown . Police were investigating the possibility that the boy somehow shot himself , but they did n't immediately release information about the circumstances of the shooting .
Police say the child was shot in the thigh and was taken first to a Youngstown hospital , then to a children 's hospital . Authorities did n't release his name or updates about his condition .
WFMJ-TV reports that police found a shell casing but no gun at the scene .
Ryan Fitzpatrick admits his sad Jets reality Ryan Fitzpatrick wants to keep playing in the NFL , but he knows it wo n't be with the Jets beyond Sunday . The veteran quarterback admitted as much Wednesday , describing his exit ...
Bryce Petty is accomplishing his goal , testing Bowles ' camp vow LANDOVER , Md . — When it comes to the Jets ' quarterback situation , it never is easy . Weeks after the team 's contract standoff with starting quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick ended , there is a ...
Why Jets could cut veteran RB Bernard Pierce Veteran running back Bernard Pierce might not be long for the Jets ' roster if he does n't get healthy . That was the word from coach Todd Bowles Saturday after the former ...
One of the European Union 's most prominent political figures said the bloc wo n't tolerate attacks on international standards intended to protect legal trade and human rights .
As the world tries to digest how U.S. President Donald Trump 's trade tariffs will play out , the EU must fight to ensure that none of the principles it stands for are compromised , said Margrethe Vestager , the bloc 's competition commissioner .
Margrethe Vestager Photographer : Jasper Juinen/Bloomberg
“ We have spent decades making sure we have a global system -- the World Trade Organization and the United Nations -- and we 'll insist ourselves , fully , in making these institutions work and not be contradicted , circumvented or broken down , ” Vestager said in Copenhagen on Monday .
The Dane , who has taken on giants such as Google and Apple , said developments to the east also add urgency to the importance of defending European priorities .
Putin Claims Mandate in Record Win Amid Conflict With West
Trump has raised the specter of a global trade war that threatens to alienate some of the U.S. 's longstanding allies . Vestager spoke out on the matter as Germany explores diplomatic channels to try to defuse the situation rather than risk a mutually destructive series of retaliatory measures .
Vestager says the EU has a “ global responsibility ” to protect a set of principles painstakingly formulated since WWII . “ What Europe stands for is more important than ever . ”
Value of Trading Declines 41 % on Nigerian Bourse in 2016
By Goddy Egene
Investors staked N557.75 billion on 78.90 billion shares in 2016 , showing a decline of 41.33 per cent compared with N950.66 billion invested in 92.83 billion shares in 2015 .
The market closed the year with a decline of 6.17 per cent , the third straight negative performance as a result of weakened investors ' appetite given several headwinds that pervaded the different sectors of economy in the year .
Assessing the performance of the market in 2016 , analysts at Meristem Securities Limited said participation in the market was weak , as the volume traded and market turnover for the year pared by 15 per cent ( 78.90 billion units in 2016 versus 92.83 billion units in 2015 ) and 41.33 per cent ( N557.75 billion in 2016 versus N950.66 billion in 2015 ) respectively .
According to MSL , 30 counters featured on the gainers ' chart , while , 77 stocks declined in the year . Dangote Flour ( 276.11 per cent ) , United Capital Plc ( ( 108.40 per cent ) , Total ( 103.39 per cent ) , Seplat ( 87.19 per cent ) and Mobil Oil ( 74.38 per cent ) recorded the highest returns in the year .
Conversely , Forte Oil ( -74.42 per cent ) , Skye Bank ( -68.35 per cent ) , Caverton ( -63.56 per cent ) , Diamond Bank ( -61.74 per cent ) and Sterling Bank ( -58.47 per cent ) were the top underperformers for the year .
The analysts explained that activities in the market were tempered during the year , as evidenced by the decline in volume traded and market turnover .
“ We attribute this dull mood to weakened investors ' appetite given several headwinds that pervaded the different sectors of economy in the year . The weak investor sentiment was also compounded by the attractive interest rate environment in the year amid the rising inflationary pressure , which made fixed income investments a safe haven for investors , ” they said .
Looking ahead , MSL said they expect a spillover of these sentiments into the first half of 2017 .
“ We expect a spillover of these sentiments into the first half of 2017 , on the back of sustained gloomy state of the economy , as FX pressure continues to plague companies . We , however , do not rule out the possibility of a positive return in 2017 , as we expect the higher crude production and price stability , coupled with effective execution of 2017 budget , to bode well for the Nigerian economy in the coming year , ” they said .
In their sectoral review , MSL said the agriculture sector led the outperformers . According to the firm , the Meri-Agri Index returned 26.45 per cent to outperform other sectors in the market for the second year consecutively .
“ The sector 's positive performance was steered by the usual suspects- Okomu Oil Palm Plc ( +32.57 per cent ) and Presco Plc ( +21.52 per cent ) , while Livestock Feeds Plc ( 36.84 per cent ) depreciated in value for the year . Other counters ( Ellah Lakes Plc and FTN Cocoa ) traded flat throughout the year , ” they said .
MSL explained that the agric sector which contributes about 29 per cent to the country 's gross domestic product ( GDP ) was amongst the few to record positive output growth ( +4.54 per cent ) as at Q3:2016 .
“ We attribute this to heightened government focus , coupled with the favourable policies which were implemented in the course of the year . Also , as evident from the earnings releases of the companies , the devaluation of the Naira which is stifling activities of palm oil importers , resulted in a topline boost for Okomu Oil and Presco , ” they said .
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Federal judge rules Black Lives Matter ca n't be sued Black Lives Matter is a social movement , like the tea party or the civil rights movement , and therefore ca n't be sued , a federal judge ruled Thursday . A police officer anonymously ...
Number of cops killed in line of duty this year spikes drastically Ambushes in Dallas and Baton Rouge , Louisiana , and other shootings around the country led to a sharp increase in the number of police killed in the line of duty this ...
Disgraced civil rights lawyer calls cop-killers 'avengers ' Fire-breathing , disgraced civil rights lawyer Lynne Stewart is n't letting terminal cancer slow down her hate — saying in a recent interview that the thugs who gunned down cops in Dallas ...
A model of proactive policing ‘ Broken windows ” proactive policing is being done the right way in Brooklyn 's 60th Precinct . Like an old-fashioned parish priest , NYPD Deputy Inspector William Taylor pays house calls on what he ...
NYPD beefs up firepower in wake of cop killings Extra firepower has been deployed around the city to protect NYPD officers in the wake of the cop killings in Dallas and Baton Rouge , officials confirmed Tuesday . Chief of Department ...
Baton Rouge gunman fired multiple bullets into dying cop A chilling new photo shows Baton Rouge cop-killer Gavin Long clad in a black mask and body armor with a high-powered rifle strapped to his shoulder as he prepared to ...
‘ Do n't let hate infect your heart ' : Baton Rouge cop 's tragic post days before death Montrell Jackson , who was among the Baton Rouge police officers gunned down on Sunday , penned a passionate Facebook post about the struggles of being a black cop in the wake ...
Baton Rouge gunman posted chilling videos after Dallas attack The Baton Rouge shooter was an egotistical madman who referred to himself as an “ Alpha Preneur ” and “ life coach ” in a series of rambling YouTube videos — including a chilling ...
With Baton Rouge attack , things are spiraling out of control Madman or radical ? We do n't yet know the motive in the Baton Rouge shootings that left three police officers dead and another fighting for his life . We know only that ...
Shondaland 's shows already on ABC — Grey 's Anatomy , Scandal , and How to Get Away With Murder — will remain there , along with the mid-season legal series For the People , and a planned Grey 's Anatomy spinoff set in a firehouse . ( Scandal will enter its final season on ABC in the fall . )
As if to underline that her commitment to those series has not waned , Rhimes used the statement officially announcing her company 's move to Netflix to state that Shondaland 's current shows `` will continue to thrive on ABC . '' But there is no mistaking how significant a loss this is for the broadcast network . According to a Wall Street Journal story that first broke the news of the deal , Shondaland 's output made ABC over $ 2 billion — and its shows were the rare network TV series that captured as much media buzz and fan enthusiasm as their rivals on basic cable , pay cable , and , well , Netflix .
The news also comes less than a week after ABC 's corporate parent the Walt Disney Company announced that it will be cutting ties with Netflix in 2019 in favor of its own proprietary streaming service , reinforcing the pressure on Netflix to produce more of its own content . On Aug. 8 , for example , the streaming service announced it had coaxed late night TV legend David Letterman out of retirement for a limited six-episode series of longform interviews in 2018 .
Rhimes also told the Wall Street Journal that she was `` thrilled '' to no longer be beholden to `` the necessary grind of network television , ” where 18–22 episode seasons remain the norm . By contrast , Netflix 's seasons rarely exceed 10 episodes . And Netflix 's ability to allow nudity and profanity should only heighten Shondaland 's envelope-pushing depictions of sex .
The Netflix deal does mean , however , that Shondaland will have to give up at least one key ingredient to its success : The ability of its fans ( and stars ) to live-tweet new episodes .
Hothead punches helpless sharks and puts one in a headlock A diver viciously attacked a school of hungry nurse sharks in the Bahamas , after guides failed to close the bait box used to entice the wild animals . The shocking video ...
Newly released footage shows sting operation to nab killer Police in Las Vegas caught a suspect linked to the murders of two homeless men , by staging a mannequin to appear to be sleeping on the street . Shane Schindler was ...
Dimwits barely escape bear attack A bear was seen clawing at the open window of a car visiting Beijing 's Badaling Wildlife World . The eyewitness who filmed the video claims the occupants were feeding the animals , ...
NYPD detective slashed in face by madman on ‘ road to recovery ' The detective whose face was sliced forehead-to-chin last week had no fear in confronting the cleaver-swinging madman who likely scarred him for life , the cop 's proud brother boasted Saturday . “ He ...
Female priest burned in acid attack sues for embezzlement The female priest who was the victim of a Queens acid attack is suing the board of directors of a nonprofit she ran for allowing three former employees — who ...
Times Square subway assault might have been hate crime Police are investigating a possible hate crime after a man was spat on and punched outside the Times Square subway station Tuesday night . The 28-year-old victim stopped to read something ...
Female priest was attacked with acid to cover up non-profit scam : DA A man who burned a ​female Q​ueens priest by throwing an acid-like liquid in her face committed the gruesome crime as part of a cover-up ​of an embezzlement scheme at ...
2 women from far-left group killed after attacking police station in Turkey ISTANBUL — Police in Istanbul on Thursday killed two women who had hidden inside a building after attacking police with gunfire and a hand grenade , an official said . Two police ...
Machete-wielding maniac shot dead after attacking restaurant COLUMBUS , Ohio — Police shot and killed a man who stormed into a central Ohio restaurant wielding a machete and randomly attacking people as they sat unsuspectingly at their dinner ...
Say what you want about Lane Kiffin , who agreed Monday to give up his job as Alabama offensive coordinator , but , after spending just three seasons in Tuscaloosa , the guy will leave a massive footprint on the storied program .
That fact is not lost on Kiffin himself . Just ask him .
From Pete Thamel 's excellent profile of Lane Kiffin for Sports Illustrated :
“ When explaining his relationship with Saban , Kiffin points to the development of three consecutive SEC offensive players of the year—receiver Amari Cooper ( 2014 ) , tailback Derrick Henry ( 2015 ) and quarterback Jalen Hurts ( 2016 ) . Kiffin believes that offensive success has changed Alabama 's recruiting paradigm . He points out that Julio Jones , an elite NFL receiver , caught 78 balls his final year at Alabama in 2010. Cooper caught 124 , which is what Kiffin says attracted Calvin Ridley to Tuscaloosa from South Florida . He points out that Derrick Henry 's Heisman season helped lure star freshmen tailbacks B.J . Emmons and Joshua Jacobs . And Hurts 's success this season helped make the Tide more attractive to quarterback recruits . ‘ He 's always been able to go sign any defensive player in America , but he 'd struggled to sign the national five-star quarterback , ' Kiffin says . ‘ Now that 's different . ' ”
Kiffin is right . Alabama 's offense , which had been a traditional two-back , pro-style ( read : boring ) offense under Saban , had grown stale . While the rest of the SEC transitioned to some variant of the spread , the Tide were stuck in the past .
Enter Kiffin , who was fresh off being awkwardly dismissed from yet another head coaching job at USC . He installed a more creative offense that still relied on pro-style concepts . Kiffin could attract the skill players who wanted to play in a fast , high-scoring offense while also luring the massive offensive lineman who wanted a chance to prove to NFL teams they could execute pro-style assignments . And Kiffin meshed those two philosophies perfectly , as the Tide now run one of the more dynamic offenses in the SEC .
Saban deserves the credit for recognizing Alabama 's offensive deficiencies before they became a problem . Great coaches have the foresight to nip potential problems in the bud , and that 's exactly what happened when he hired Kiffin .
The offensive transition was not smooth , but both coaches eventually benefitted from it . Saban and his staff can now reach out to kids who would have never given Alabama a look before , and Kiffin got to learn from a successful coach who is his exact opposite .
Ultimately , the two sides learned to work together . Kiffin convinced Saban to overhaul the Crimson Tide 's offense and utilize a dual-threat quarterback , moves that have helped them experience unprecedented success . In return , Kiffin says he learned a ton from Saban , with the biggest lesson being how to be more thorough in decision making . “ I was always real fast and I did n't slow down to think things through a lot of times , ” he says . “ Coach is so slow when it comes to things like that . And it drove me nuts at first . ”
Kiffin 's departure will not slow down the Alabama machine in any way . Saban will continue to rack up national titles and SEC championships . But there 's no denying that Kiffin 's arrival gave the best program in the country a much-needed jolt .
You can read the entire Kiffin profile here . It 's worth your time .
How Broadway star 's dogs helped her love again after divorce When Chilina Kennedy , the star of Broadway 's “ Beautiful : The Carole King Musical , ” decided to adopt , she thought she was doing it for Molly . That was six years ago . Kennedy was ...
Chilina Kennedy 's a fine Carole King — though the songs still sell 'Beautiful ' Jessie Mueller may have earned glorious reviews and a Tony for her performance in “ Beautiful , ” but it 's not remotely surprising that the show has been purring along just fine since ...
Why 'Beautiful ' star Jessie Mueller first did n't recognize Carole King After 18 months on Broadway — and 496 renditions of “ I Feel the Earth Move ” — Jessie Mueller ends her run Friday night in “ Beautiful , ” the hit biomusical about Carole ...
Chilina Kennedy follows Jessie Mueller as Carole King in ‘ Beautiful ' Starting Saturday , the woman behind the piano at “ Beautiful ” will be . . . Chilina Kennedy ? Even if the name does n't ring a bell , the Canadian actress ( inset ) is a musical-theater vet , ...
230 hopefuls audition to be the next Carole King in ‘ Beautiful ' They came in every size , height , and hair color and texture — straight , curly and frizzy — each one a candidate for “ Beautiful , ” the Carole King musical . Tony winner Jessie ...
With the Tonys , the show with the most producers wins ! My crystal ball has a few cracks in it . As some people happily pointed out after Sunday 's Tony Awards , I called several categories wrong , including Best Musical and Best Play ....
How 3 Tony best actress nominees get into their roles Mary Bridget Davies Stars as : Janis Joplin in “ A Night with Janis Joplin ” “ I based my dressing room on [ photos from Janis ' life ] : tapestries , candles , 1930s lamps , two of my ...
Who should -- and who will -- win at the Tony Awards Forget about California Chrome and the Triple Crown : For many New Yorkers , the handicapping race this week is all about the Tonys . Ahead of Sunday 's telecast , we balance out who ...
Catch up with the best show tunes before the Tony Awards Back in the day , Broadway songs often became million-selling hits that wormed their way into America 's subconsciousness ( remember “ Tonight , ” from “ West Side Story ” ? ) Now this happens only with songs from ...
0:45 New Year 's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss : I need a rest , time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
4:15 Cooper sworn in as governor minutes after midnight
4:39 Exclusive interview with Roy Cooper on HB2
14:48 McCrory reflects on his term as North Carolina 's governor
0:59 Gov . Cooper signs oath of office
When Johnny Cash stepped onstage at Folsom State Prison on Jan. 13 , 1968 , for the concerts that would change his life , he was in rough shape .
His record label had threatened to drop him , his addiction to pills was increasingly out of control , his personal life was in tatters and he had recently contemplated suicide .
The success of the shows , and the best-selling record they spawned , would spark one of the most successful runs of his career . Cash entered the gates of Folsom a fading and troubled country singer – and came out a mainstream superstar who would use his newfound celebrity to advance the cause of prison reform for more than a decade .
Then everything fell apart , in spectacular fashion .
Cash first played Folsom , a maximum-security facility outside Sacramento , in November 1966 – at the urging of the Rev . Floyd Gressett , who preached at a church in Ventura that Cash sometimes attended , and also did outreach at the prison .
Cash returned in 1968 for the live tapings of two shows , one in the morning , one in the afternoon , after battling his skeptical label , Columbia Records , which had been reluctant to fund the recordings . Cash , his girlfriend , June Carter , his band and his entourage all settled in at the nearby El Rancho motel . Gov . Ronald Reagan , in town for a fundraiser , came by to chat . Gressett played Cash a tape of “ Greystone Chapel , ” an uplifting ballad about finding God in the chapel at Folsom . It was written by Glen Sherley , a career criminal locked up there on an armed robbery charge . Cash , moved by the song , wrote the lyrics down in his notebook . Among them : “ Inside the walls of prison my body may be/But the Lord has set my soul free. ” He stayed up late into the night rehearsing , vowing to play the song the next day .
He really felt that he had made the right decision , that he had something that audience wanted
At Folsom the next morning , things were unusually fraught . A guard had recently been taken hostage , and the inmates were warned not to stand up during the show . “ There were guards walking around with guns on ramps above the audience , ” said Robert Hilburn , author of “ Johnny Cash : The Life , ” who attended while working as a freelance reporter for the Los Angeles Times . “ It was tense . ”
A stage had been set up in the cafeteria , behind death row . As Cash stood at the side of it , sizing up the audience , Hilburn watched Cash . He looked calm . “ He really felt that he had made the right decision , that he had something that audience wanted , ” Hilburn said . “ He did n't just do a greatest-hits show that day ; he designed every song for that audience and their emotional needs . ”
Many in the audience wrongly assumed that Cash had done hard time himself , perhaps taking literally the famous couplet in “ Folsom Prison Blues , ” his 1955 hit : “ But I shot a man in Reno/Just to watch him die. ” Cash had done overnight stints in jail , mostly to dry out , and had once been arrested after picking flowers on a stranger 's lawn , but that was the extent of it . Prisoners “ related to him as being one of them more than anything else , ” said W.S . Holland , Cash 's longtime drummer , who was at Folsom that day .
Cash had never been incarcerated at Folsom – he wrote “ Folsom Prison Blues ” after watching the 1951 crime drama “ Inside the Walls of Folsom Prison ” – but he saw himself in the inmates , too . “ He realized how it could have been if the stories was true , ” Holland said . “ He could 've been out there , looking at somebody doing a show . ”
Cash took the stage wearing a black suit with a white dress shirt and his usual grave expression . “ Once the music started , you could see people were eating out of his hand , ” Hilburn said .
The first Folsom show was electric . The second , with Cash and his band half-exhausted , was more subdued , mostly recorded in case something happened to the first tape .
The crowd was adoring but constrained , said Michael Streissguth , author of “ Johnny Cash : The Biography. ” The inmates had been warned not to stand , although they sometimes did anyway , and Cash shook hands with some in the front row . Many in the crowd feared that cheering at the wrong moment might anger the guards ; according to Streissguth , the cheers that greeted “ I shot a man in Reno ” were amplified on the recording in post-production .
When “ At Folsom Prison ” was released in May , it was a hit , and it surprised everyone except Cash , who had long believed that the show held the key to his future .
Every note of the album resonated , from the famed opening salvo – “ Hello , I 'm Johnny Cash ” – to the closing “ Greystone Chapel , ” with its introductory praise for a stunned Sherley , who was in the front row . The album sold more than 3 million copies and prompted a sequel of sorts , “ At San Quentin , ” which went to No . 1 on Billboard 's pop and country charts the next year .
“ At Folsom Prison ” made Cash an icon for everybody : for country fans , whose affections had wandered ; and for rock fans , folk fans and members of the counterculture , who found him plain-spoken and trustworthy during a tumultuous year .
To Bestor Cram , director of the 2008 documentary “ Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison , ” Cash was perfectly matched to the chaos of 1968 .
“ He was desperate to change his own relationship to his audience , ” Cram said , “ to find himself amongst all the demons he was fighting on a very personal level , which also kind of represented the stress that the nation was enduring . ”
He was desperate to change his own relationship to his audience
After the Folsom shows , Cash continued to perform at prisons and became increasingly outspoken about the need for reform . He was particularly troubled by the idea that young , first-time offenders were thrown in with hardened criminals .
“ He thought the prison system was broken , because it was n't fixing anybody , ” said Mark Stielper , a friend of Cash 's and the family 's designated historian . “ The population was mixed , kids and killers . This was his thing ; he was really bothered by that . ”
Prison reform was an especially hard sell in the South , where a large portion of Cash 's fan base lived – and where many prisons had n't yet desegregated – but it was n't a popular cause anywhere in the late 1960s and early 1970s , Streissguth said .
Cash “ made mainstream society aware of the need for prison reform , ” he said . “ There was nobody at his level of prominence who was doing the same thing . ”
In July 1972 , at the invitation of Sen. William E. Brock III , R-Tenn. , Cash testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee 's subcommittee on national penitentiaries . Cash spoke about the need to treat newly released prisoners as human beings and to keep youthful offenders out of prison , or at least away from older prisoners , citing the case of an imprisoned 15-year-old car thief in Arkansas who had died after being sexually assaulted by inmates .
Cash met with President Richard Nixon in the Oval Office to discuss prison reform during the same visit . Partly motivated by a rededication to his Christian faith , Cash talked up the issue at concerts and on his popular TV variety program , “ The Johnny Cash Show. ” He also worked quietly behind the scenes . He regularly corresponded with prisoners and , according to Stielper , would visit the jail near his home in Sumner County , Tennessee , to play cards with the inmates .
Cash also advocated for the release of Sherley , whom he had met after the Folsom shows ; they had maintained a correspondence afterward . In 1971 , Cash persuaded a reluctant Reagan to free Sherley , who had been serving a potential life sentence . He picked Sherley up at the airport in Nashville , took him on the road , got him a job as a songwriter at his publishing company , included him in his congressional testimony and brought him on “ The Mike Douglas Show . ”
Sherley released an album , “ Live at Vacaville , California , ” which sold modestly . Cash was the best man at Sherley 's wedding , and the men would go shrimp boating together . To Cash , Sherley was a songwriter of great promise and a walking example of the possibilities of prison reform . Sherley idolized Cash and struggled to live up to the superstar 's very public expectations .
“ John had a huge message of redemption , and I think he wanted him to be an example of that , ” Sherley 's son , Keith Sherley , said . “ I do n't know that my dad believed in himself the way that Johnny Cash believed in him . ”
Glen Sherley had been in prison for large swaths of his life ; aside from Cash , he had nothing to give him structure outside an institution . He quickly unraveled .
“ My dad wrecked seven cars in his first year because he did n't know how to drive , ” Keith Sherley said . “ All Cadillacs . ”
His behavior became erratic . Sherley , who had essentially written his way out of prison , now struggled to write decent songs . He would show up late for concerts or not at all . He clashed with bassist Marshall Grant , who claimed that Sherley threatened his life . It was Grant who was eventually tasked with firing him .
Cash and Sherley kept in touch over the next few years as the former Folsom inmate sank deeper into substance abuse back in California . In May 1978 , Sherley shot himself in the head and died at 42 . Cash paid for his funeral .
—
By that time , Cash had already become disillusioned with prison-reform work . The public 's attitude toward prisoners was hardening .
“ In the late '70s and early '80s , we became a lock-em-up-and-throw-away-the-key nation , ” filmmaker Cram said . “ The support was just not there . I think he just pulled away . ”
Prison audiences were also changing . Cash could no longer see himself in them , and vice versa . He had become the establishment .
“ Ten years out from Folsom , he 's become kind of the ambassador for American values and patriotism , ” said Colin Woodward , a historian and editor of the ( Robert E. ) Lee Family Digital Archive , who is working on a book about Cash . “ It 's still the same Johnny Cash , but you have a different generation of prisoners at this point , who might be like , ‘ This guy 's a has-been . ' ”
In 1980 , Cash said , he had an unnerving experience at a prison concert . Cash historians do n't agree on the location . He and June Carter Cash , by then his wife of more than a decade , encountered a group of hostile inmates while walking down a hallway . Cash told Stielper that the men spat at him and banged on the bars of their cells with metal cups . They called him a phony and threatened to rape his wife . In a conversation between the men 20 years later , Stielper says the singer told him : “ They were rough . They were so threatening to June , calling out and banging on the bars and just cursing . ”
The incident first terrified and then infuriated Cash , who lost his stomach for prison-reform work after that . He turned his attention to less controversial causes , such as raising money for children with autism .
Even today , when we listen to Johnny Cash , we know of him as a friend of the prisoner
The bulk of Cash 's efforts in prisons had coincided with some of his biggest years as a celebrity , but by the early 1980s he was in a downturn . A new generation of country artists replaced him on the charts , and he returned to rehab when his addiction to painkillers flared up again , thanks to a painful run-in with an ostrich on his farm .
Cash , who died in 2003 , remained frustrated by his inability to gain traction in his prison-reform work .
Since the Folsom shows , the number of Americans incarcerated has risen more than 500 percent , in large part because of stricter sentencing laws , according to the Sentencing Project . Thousands of young offenders are still sentenced to time in adult facilities , although those numbers are improving .
Nearly 15 years after Cash 's death , increased attention has been focused on criminal justice reform , in part because of White House senior adviser Jared Kushner , whose father did time in federal prison . Two bills – one backed by President Donald Trump – face uncertain fates in Congress .
Big movements travel slowly , and Cash will be remembered for his efforts on behalf of those whom few others were fighting for , Cram said .
“ Even today , when we listen to Johnny Cash , we know of him as a friend of the prisoner , ” he said . “ He continues to move the needle as we question how our society continues to lock people up . ”
At the end of the 2017 season the big names on the Miami Dolphins ' defensive line — Cameron Wake , Ndamukong Suh among them — admitted they were stumped why a unit with so much apparent talent had fallen so short of expectations they had set .
The unit was supposed to be a Dolphins team strength . It was n't . It was supposed to be a problem for quarterbacks . But Miami finished with 30 sacks , which was only 26th in the NFL .
The Dolphins ' defensive line was supposed to plug the run , especially with Suh clogging the middle , but the run defense yielded 4.1 yards per attempt ( 17th in the NFL ) and 110.5 rush yards per game ( 14th in the NFL ) .
Definitely not great . Indeed , barely even acceptable .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
This offseason 's moves have spoken to the reasons the Dolphins felt the defensive line underperformed :
Suh was cut .
Robert Quinn was added in a trade .
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK Miami Dolphins Linebacker Kiko Alonso ( 47 ) talks about the speed in this new Dolphins defense as well as covering the crafty Dolphins backfield during practice . Bryan Cereijo
And while those two transactions involving big-name players promised the biggest change , it was the least-publicized change that might determine the direction of the 2018 Dolphins defensive line :
The Dolphins did not retain defensive line coach Terrell Williams — and hired 39-year-old Kris Kocurek to replace him .
And while Williams was a professional who did n't scream a lot and rarely lost his temper and was calm and unruffled , Kocurek is not wired exactly like that .
Kocurek , who played two NFL seasons after being a seventh-round pick in Seattle , got his first taste of football in middle school . And this is how Kocurek played in middle school :
`` [ I ] hit the field with my hair on fire , '' he said Wednesday .
In middle school .
And this is how Kocurek wants the Miami defensive lineman to approach practices and games this year :
`` All I know is we 're going to show up every day . We 're going to put our hand on the door and try to get better that day , '' Kocurek said . `` We 're going to work as hard as we possibly can to make sure we improve to get our defensive line playing the way our coaching staff envisions our front playing — fast , physical , aggressive , and with extreme effort .
`` I do n't care about big names , small names , big school guys , small school guys . We 're here to work and get better . Hard work is going to equal success . I 've always believed that . We 're going to be the hardest-working group on the field and go at it as hard as we can every day . ''
Ask players and others within the Dolphins ' organization the difference between Williams and Kocurek and Jordan Phillips talks about there being a `` culture change '' in the defensive line meeting room .
I 'm told Kocurek is not going to rely on his players being self-starters like Williams sometimes did . He 's going to make it his personal mission to light them up if he has to .
And while Kocurek is apparently going to be more aggressive in his approach to his job , the Dolphins are going to take a different approach to their defensive line play this season on multiple fronts .
The first thing is the Dolphins want their linemen to attack more . That 's interesting because I thought that was the intent all along .
The second thing is the Dolphins want to borrow from the Jacksonville Jaguars ' philosophy of rolling linemen in and out in waves — hoping that fresh backups getting important snaps is better than starters getting extended playing time , even when they might be winded .
`` All I know is we 're looking for eight , nine , 10 guys and we 're going to roll guys through games , '' Kocurek said. `` We want to keep our guys fresh throughout four quarters and we want to keep our guys fresh through 16 games . So we 're going to wave them in and hopefully develop eight to 10 guys to roll through games and keep snap counts down as much as we can so we can go as fast as we can for a long as we can . ''
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK Miami Dolphins Linebacker Kiko Alonso ( 47 ) talks about his trip to Puerto Rico and the recovery efforts in the island . Bryan Cereijo
What will that look like come the regular season ?
The Dolphins , who had Suh take more than 80 percent of the snaps at one defensive spot the past three seasons , expect to roll Davon Godchaux , Jordan Phillips , Akeem Spence and probably one other defensive tackle — into games . In an 70-play game for the defense , the Miami defensive tackles might play perhaps 15-25 plays each depending on how often the opposition is passing the ball .
The Dolphins will also be asking five or six defensive ends to shuttle in and out as the downs , distance and endurance dictate . That means Wake , Quinn , Charles Harris , William Hayes , Andre Branch or some surprise player on the depth chart will get 20-plus plays per game in a rotation .
`` For us now , it 's all about roles and understanding that we want to be fresh , and if you get tired then come out , and not having to force reps when you 're dog tired , '' Branch said . `` For us , it 's just always being fresh and playing fast . ”
The number of snaps is n't yet set for each player . It 's still May , people .
The rotation is n't set , either , although Hayes , perhaps the team 's best run-stopping edge player , might factor as a tackle instead of an end .
The point is the Dolphins are n't likely to be asking 36-year-old Wake to play 60 snaps in a game . And if they need to , something went wrong with the initial plan .
Something was amiss during practice Wednesday . Harris , nursing a minor shoulder injury , did not take any repetitions in team drills . So that was one fewer body in the rotation .
Harris , a first-round pick in 2017 , is expected to take a significant leap from last year when he had 20 total tackles , including two sacks , in 16 games .
What does Harris need to improve to make a jump from those modest statistics ?
`` Consistency down in and down out ... , '' Kocurek said . `` We can live with the mistakes when he 's playing fast . We want to take the guesswork out of things to have him go as fast as he can go and that should lead to production . ''
It sounds like Kocurek wants more urgency out of the defensive line . That 's good because last season 's group seemed to lack some of that for whatever reasons .
`` So far I like the talent , but the talent has to work , '' Kocurek said . `` And that 's what these guys have been doing . So far they 've bought in to the work ethic that we 're looking for as a coaching staff . They show up every day prepared . We just have to make sure we get better one day at a time but the talent is there .
`` So far so good . ''
GUYANA-CRIME-Police detain two men for questioning in murder of poultry dealer and cattle farmer
GEORGETOWN , Guyana , Jan 2 , CMC – Police Monday sai ... You are unauthorized to view this page . Username Password Remember Me Reset Password
AUSTIN , Texas — The Latest on a repaired Ford SUV flunking an Austin Police Department carbon monoxide test ( all times local ) :
3 p.m .
Ford Motor Company says “ the methods and parts we 've utilized to repair Austin 's vehicles have worked well to address ” carbon monoxide concerns — even though the city 's police department says one such repaired Ford Explorer is being pulled off the road because of continuing problems .
Interim Austin Police Chief Brian Manley said that during a Friday test of three SUVs repaired by Ford , one tested positive for carbon monoxide .
Ford spokeswoman Elizabeth Weigandt responded the automaker “ was not provided with information on the levels of CO detected but we are ready to inspect any vehicle . ”
She said the company has “ been happy to collaborate with Austin ” police on SUV repairs .
This summer , Austin police took nearly 400 Explorers off patrol because of carbon monoxide concerns .
——
12 p.m .
A Ford Explorer SUV that the auto company repaired for a return to service with the Austin police department has again been pulled off the street because exhaust containing carbon monoxide was seeping into it .
Interim Police Chief Brian Manley said that during a Friday test of three SUVs repaired by Ford Motor Company , one tested positive for carbon monoxide . The officer driving it was treated but did n't require hospitalization .
The story was first reported by The Austin-American Statesman . A police department spokeswoman confirmed the chief 's comments for The Associated Press .
Austin pulled nearly 400 Explorers off patrol in July because of carbon monoxide concerns . Police departments across the country use Explorers and several have also pulled them off the road . Ford has said it is looking into the problem .
Chromeboxes are n't often in the news , but it seems like they may have their own dedicated little fanbase . Announced earlier this year , HP 's Chromebox G2 went up for sale a couple of hours ago . However , the $ 199 and $ 549 models are already completely out of stock , and there are only a handful of units of the $ 689 and $ 789 models still available .
There are four models of the Chromebox G2 listed on HP 's site :
Despite having only been for sale for a few hours , two of those four variants are now out of stock . It 's easy to see why the $ 199 model went out of stock so quickly -- - it 's just so cheap , and it 'd make a good computer for those who only need to check their email and go on Facebook . But the i5-powered model is far more expensive at $ 549 , and yet it 's out of stock as well . When we checked about eight hours ago , there were 10 units each remaining for the $ 689 and $ 789 variants . There are eight more units available of the $ 689 version , but surprisingly enough , the $ 789 G2 only has two units left .
It 's worth noting that the HP Chromebox G2 is the first desktop Chrome OS machine to support Android apps , which is a nice selling point . People using the older HP and ASUS Chromeboxes with no Play Store support could certainly have been waiting for this to upgrade , hence why stock is already so low . Of course , it 's possible that HP just did n't stock very many , but a lot of $ 199 boxes were probably sold . I 'm also personally quite surprised that eight of the $ 789 i7/16GB/64GB configs were sold in a couple of hours .
Hit the links above if you 'd like to pick a Chromebox G2 up . We 'd guess that stock will be replenished in the next few days , so keep an eye on the pages .
Ariana Grande traumatized after Manchester concert bombing “ She cried for days , she felt everything — every face they announced , every name , she wore on her sleeve . Every bit of emotion because that 's who she is . ”
British security had intel about Manchester concert bomber The bombing at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester that killed 22 people might have been averted had British security services handled intelligence about the attacker differently , according to a ...
Ariana Grande opens up about performing after the Manchester bombing “ Calling it off and going home was not an option . The message of the show was too important , '' she said .
Paris 'bomb factory ' suspects believed to have links to Syria French authorities investigating a suspected bomb factory near Paris believe three suspects were preparing attacks and had made calls to Syria , a minister said Thursday . Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said ...
Noel Gallagher to headline Manchester Arena reopening concert We Are Manchester will be held on Sept. 9 . The venue has been closed since the May bombing attacks that killed 22 people and injured more than 100 others .
Manchester bombing 'hero ' stole credit card of grandma injured in attack : cops A homeless man who was labelled a “ hero ” for helping Manchester bombing victims has been charged with stealing a credit card off a woman injured in the attack . Greater Manchester ...
Ariana Grande 'moved ' by Manchester honorary citizen news “ Words do n't suffice . I 'm moved and honored . My heart is very much still there , '' the singer posted on Instagram .
Ariana Grande one step closer to becoming honorary Manchester citizen Council officials in the northwest English city voted Wednesday to back the proposal .
Dad recalls moment he told wife their daughter was killed in the Manchester bombing The father of the youngest victim killed in the Manchester bombing recalled the tragic moment he told his injured wife that their daughter was gone . Speaking on what would 've been ...
BUSINESS
In this interview with CalvinAyre.com 's Becky Liggero , XLMedia CEO Inbal Lavi shares how affiliates can succeed in a competitive marketplace .
Loading the player ...
Perhaps one of the biggest misconceptions about affiliate marketing is that there is a steady flow of money in the affiliates ' bank accounts even without owning or operating a business that sells a product . A lot of people think earning money from affiliate marketing is as easy as mentioning few products and providing them with affiliate links .
Truth be told , making a living on affiliate marketing is tough . Affiliates must fight to stay afloat in a competitive marketplace . Smaller affiliates are always in danger of being eaten by their larger competitors .
XLMedia CEO Inbal Lavi pointed out that larger , public companies have the advantage in the marketplace since it is easier to adjust their activities to match operators ' needs . Larger public companies also have teams that take care of such demands , according to Lavi .
“ Obviously , there is the advantage of our size , meaning once you have the relevant tech and the relevant people to actually manage all these sites and make all the changes that are required , it 's much easier than if you are a small time affiliate that has now to go about and change all these overnight . I definitely think this is an advantage for us being a competitor , ” Lavi told CalvinAyre.com .
For smaller affiliates to succeed , Lavi said they need to offer an innovative product and establish a strong bond with operators .
“ In general , I think there 's always room for innovation . There 's always room for the smaller players , who may be , by the way , faster in specific niches or in specific types of products . I think that once you have a very interesting product , obviously you will need to also adapt yourself to all the external requirements , ” the XLMedia CEO said . “ But then , I think it can be done once you have a very open relationship with the operators and make sure that the communication is there , and that you actually do what they require you to do . ”
In the case of XLMedia , Lavi said the company 's priority over the past years is in innovating their technology , focusing more on the mobile space .
“ This has been something that we have been investing in the previous years and we already see the benefits , ” Lavi said . “ I think that the mobile space is definitely a space that we have tapped into very aggressively… in the last couple of years , both in terms of acquisitions , acquiring mobile app user acquisition companies , and in terms of our organic activity . ”
Comments
ALPHARETTA , Ga. ( AP ) — President Donald Trump on Monday attacked his political enemies seeking an upset in Georgia 's special congressional election , blasting the leading Democratic candidate as a `` super liberal '' who `` wants to protect criminals , allow illegal immigration and raise taxes ! ''
Trump did not expound on his unfounded accusations about 30-year-old Jon Ossoff , but the president 's Twitter broadside just a day before the special primary underscores how big a Democratic victory would be nationwide and in the historically conservative northern suburbs of Atlanta .
Ossoff , who has used anti-Trump sentiments nationally to collect at least $ 8.3 million in campaign contributions , countered Monday that Trump is `` misinformed , '' but added that he 's `` glad the president is interested in the race . ''
Republicans and Democrats alike see the closely watched contest as an important barometer of Trump 's standing ahead of 2018 midterm elections , when Democrats will try to regain control of Congress .
The Georgia district , represented previously by Trump 's new health secretary , Tom Price , encompasses reliably Republican territory across parts of three metro Atlanta counties . But Trump underperformed here in November , barely edging Democrat Hillary Clinton and falling short of a majority . In 2012 , by contrast , Republican nominee Mitt Romney garnered more than 60 percent of the vote .
Even the leading Republican candidates concede that Ossoff will lead an 18-candidate `` jungle primary '' that places all candidates on the same ballot . The question is whether he can win an outright majority .
GOP hopeful Karen Handel said Monday that she is confident enough Republicans will cast ballots to hold Ossoff short of a majority , thus setting up a June 20 runoff between the Democratic upstart and Tuesday 's top Republican performer .
`` Republican voters are not going to sit by and let this district go to a Democrat , '' Handel said .
But the mere possibility has political observers across the country watching closely . Both major parties see the well-educated , affluent district as a key test of Trump 's popularity among the kinds of voters who will decide whether to hand House control back to Democrats next year .
The attention grew even more intense after last week 's special congressional election in Kansas , where Republican Ron Estes won by just single-digits in a Wichita-based district that Trump had carried easily .
For her part , Handel , a GOP establishment favorite who served previously as Georgia secretary of state , has worked not to localize the race .
`` My closing argument is the same as my opening argument , that we need an experienced individual with a track record of delivering real results , '' she said as she campaigned in an upscale shopping district Monday .
That has made her an outlier among top Republican contenders .
Wealthy technology executive Bob Gray has cozied up to Trump from the start , running ads that show him , literally , draining a swamp — a not to one of Trump 's campaign signatures . Gray pledges to be a `` willing partner '' for the new administration .
Former state Sen. Judson Hill is touting his endorsement from Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , one of gaggle of Republican presidential hopefuls that Trump vanquished . Hill 's campaign used Rubio on a recorded phone pitch to Republican households over the weekend .
Ossoff , meanwhile , has tried to capitalize on intense anti-Trump sentiments among liberals , while still coaxing disaffected independents and moderate Republicans who normally would n't consider voting Democratic .
In his response to Trump 's tweet , Ossoff said he is `` focused on bringing fresh leadership , accountability and bipartisan problem-solving to Washington . ''
National Republicans have sought to blunt Ossoff 's momentum by tying him to national Democrats , particularly House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi . The California Democrat is an unpopular figure in this Georgia district that once sent former House Speaker Newt Gingrich to Capitol Hill .
Still , that message has n't come with the same financial muscle as Ossoff 's non-stop television campaign . The Congressional Leadership Fund , a political action committee backed by House Speaker Paul Ryan , has put more than $ 2 million into Ossoff attacks , an impressive sum but only about a quarter of the Democrat 's campaign haul .
Ossoff 's path to an outright victory may depend on low Republican turnout .
Almost 55,000 voters cast early ballots , according to the Georgia Secretary of State . Various campaigns say they expect somewhere between 100,000 and 125,000 total votes out of nearly 440,000 registered active voters . The lower the turnout , the greater the chance that Ossoff 's enthusiastic core of support will clear the majority threshold .
___
Follow Barrow on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/BillBarrowAP .
Baseball agents screwed me after PED plot went wrong : suit Two Brooklyn sports agents threw one of their flunkies “ under the proverbial bus ” to cover their tracks in an infamous MLB doping scandal , according a $ 2.5 million lawsuit filed Monday ...
A-Rod : 'Made an ass of myself ' in infamous Francesa interview Remember Alex Rodriguez 's infamous radio interview with Mike Francesa in 2013 , at the height of the Biogenesis scandal and his legal war with MLB ? So does A-Rod , and he now ...
The wildest A-Rod covers through the years Alex Rodriguez has spent the past 13 years and 12 seasons in pinstripes and been in the spotlight for all of it . Whether he was being a monster on the ...
Derek Jeter dig , Red Sox brawls : A-Rod 's top 10 controversies Alex Rodriguez 's career has been defined by a juxtaposition of incredible athletic feats and unfathomable controversies . The Post ranked the former on Tuesday , so here are A-Rod 's top-10 controversies . 10 ....
'Corrupt MLB drug snoops hacked my Facebook ' Alex Rodriguez may be well into his second year back from his suspension , but not everyone has put the Biogenesis scandal behind them . Neiman Nix , a former minor league pitcher ...
The playbook to forgiveness that A-Rod seems destined to ignore Jason Giambi retired a statesman . Andy Pettitte , it was announced , will have his number retired this August . Mark McGwire , respected Dodgers hitting coach , will be in Arizona for spring training ....
A-Rod dealer and MLB pet Anthony Bosch gets 4 years in prison MIAMI — Alex Rodriguez delivered a hand-written apology for his use of performance-enhancing drugs that led to a year-long MLB suspension . But you can bet the guy who supplied him ...
A-Rod can expect support from one ally in milestone fight TAMPA — Alex Rodriguez 's Apology Tour has made two stops so far , to MLB headquarters in midtown and Yankee Stadium , where Rodriguez expressed regret about his role in the Biogenesis ...
A-Rod camp : Barry Bonds one of many tutors Alex Rodriguez has indeed been working with Barry Bonds this offseason as he attempts to get ready to rejoin the Yankees for the 2015 season . Rodriguez spokesman Ron Berkowitz confirmed ...
