× Mexican restaurant Café Rio closes in Short Pump
SHORT PUMP , Va. — Roughly 18 months after it opened its doors locally , a national fast casual restaurant chain has closed its lone Richmond location .
Café Rio , at 11825 W. Broad St. in The Corner at Short Pump shopping center , shut its doors earlier this month , confirmed Alicia Farrell , a broker with Richmond-based Cushman & Wakefield | Thalhimer .
She oversees the center 's leasing with fellow brokers Nicki Jassy and Connie Jordan Nielsen .
The restaurant , which opened in September 2015 , has until Feb. 20 to vacate the space , Farrell said .
Workers were seen moving Café Rio-branded material and equipment from the 3,000-square-foot space Tuesday afternoon .
Exterior signs with the chain 's brand also were removed .
Click here to read more about the future of the Short Pump shopping center .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
LONDON , March 28 Liberty Global 's Belgian cable and mobile company Telenet has launched a US $ 1.8bn-equivalent leveraged loan refinancing to reduce the cost of its debt following a ratings upgrade , banking sources said .
Telenet 's corporate family and issue rating was upgraded by Moody 's on March 27 to Ba3 from B1 . It also received a ratings upgrade from S & P on February 22 to BB- from B+ .
Telenet is now looking to shave up to 50bp off of its loans with a new €750m , March 2026 term loan AH , guided to pay 275bp-300bp over Euribor and a US $ 1bn , June 2025 term loan AI , guided to pay 250bp-275bp over Libor .
Both are offered with a 0 % floor at 99.75 OID .
They will refinance part of an existing €1.6bn term loan AE and US $ 1.5bn term loan AF , due January 2025 , raised in November 2016 . That euro loan pays 325bp over Euribor with a 0 % floor , while the dollar pays 300bp over Libor , with a 0 % floor .
The loans are offered with 101 soft-call for six months .
The size of the new loans could increase to refinance more of the existing loans , depending on investor demand , the sources said .
Lenders have been asked to commit to the financing by March 31 , with funding due on May 4 after soft call on the current loans expires on May 3 .
BNP Paribas is leading the euro tranche , alongside JP Morgan , Deutsche Bank , Rabobank , RBC , NatWest Markets and Société Générale .
JP Morgan is leading the dollar tranche , alongside BNP Paribas , Deutsche Bank , Rabobank , RBC , NatWest Markets and Scotiabank .
The upgrade comes on an improved business profile and Ebitda growth prospects following Telenet 's acquisition of Belgian mobile firm BASE in February 2016 and the proposed acquisition of SFR 's businesses in Belgium and Luxembourg , as well as a moderate leverage profile and continued healthy free cash flow generation , according to Moody 's .
( Editing by Christopher Mangham )
DARKE COUNTY – The Catholic Adult Singles Club , which enables its members to enjoy the company of fellow single adults through weekly activities , has scheduled events throughout the month of June .
The group will meet for bowling and supper on Sunday in Coldwater . It will meet at the Winery at Versailles on June 9 .
The group will take a nature walk and have supper on June 17 in Troy . It will partake in putt-putt golf and supper on June 24 in St. Marys and New Bremen . The group will attend mass and supper on June 30 in Piqua .
For more information concerning the Catholic Adult Singles Club or any of the activities , call Eileen Lamm at 419-678-8691 .
LONDON English football 's new poster boy , Dele Alli , turns 21 on Tuesday with new figures suggesting he is the most productive young player in Europe .
The Tottenham midfielder has drawn rave reviews after scoring 16 goals this season and proved a driving force behind Spurs ' dogged pursuit of Chelsea at the top of the Premier League .
His scintillating form has alerted a host of clubs across Europe with British media predicting Spurs will face a battle to hang on to their hottest property this summer .
Already his impact is being compared to that of Michael Owen and Wayne Rooney as youngsters , comparisons that will be reinforced by the fact that , in terms of goals and assists , he is outperforming every other under 21-year-old across Europe 's top five major leagues .
This season Alli has scored 16 goals and provided five assists ( 21 goal involvements ) , according to Opta , which puts him ahead of RB Leipzig 's Timo Werner ( 15 , 4 , 19 ) , Monaco 's Kylian Mbappe ( 12 , 5 , 17 ) and Borussia Dortmund 's Ousmane Dembele ( 6 , 9 , 15 ) . The much lauded Julian Brandt of Bayer Leverkusen ( 3 , 6 , 9 ) and Borussia Dortmund 's Christian Pulisic ( 3 , 5 , 8 ) are well down the table .
When Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino was told that , in total , Alli has more Premier League goals and assists ( 40 ) than Steven Gerrard , Frank Lampard , Paul Scholes and Cristiano Ronaldo before the age of 21 , his response was 'Wow , that 's unbelievable , no ? '
`` He 's special , '' Pochettino told reporters after Spurs ' 4-0 destruction of Watford on Saturday , a game in which Alli scored the opener .
`` He 's a bit different to all the players that play now at his age . He 's so experienced . His energy , his character , his quality . I think he is a unique player . He 's different to another , it 's so difficult to compare to another . ''
Pochettino has been credited with playing a major part in Alli 's rise and , after deploying him in various roles from holding midfielder to attacking midfielder , has settled on a more advanced role this season as a support striker to the equally prolific Harry Kane .
The role suits a player blessed with quick feet and tireless energy and Pochettino is quick to recognise Alli 's talent .
`` He 's a great . First of all a great kid , I think he 's a lovely , lovely person . And then he is a great player . And then , he is so young he can improve a lot , he can learn a lot , his potential is massive . But every day he 's improving , and every day he gets more mature . He 's improving in his skills , but in his character as well . ''
Alli has a fiery side and was sent off for a bad tackle on Gent 's Brecht Dejaegere in the Europa League in February , but Pochettino says all he needs is love to bring out his best side .
`` Of course he is young and he needs to improve , but he needs love . To improve , it 's not about to punch him or to punish him . ''
( Reporting by Neil Robinson ; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty )
Updated at 2:30 p.m . ET
Almost 48 hours after violence engulfed Charlottesville , Va. , President Trump called out white nationalist groups by name . Trump 's remarks on Monday followed criticism that his initial statement about the clash of protesters did not condemn racist groups specifically .
`` Racism is evil , and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans , '' the president said from the White House .
Trump began his remarks talking about his economic accomplishments and plans for trade negotiations before turning his attention to the events over the weekend in Virginia . After the Charlottesville City Council had voted earlier this year to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from one of its parks , white nationalists groups — including white supremacists , the alt-right , the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis — descended on the city for a `` Unite the Right '' rally .
On Friday night , they marched on the normally sleepy college town , home to the University of Virginia , carrying torches . On Saturday conditions turned deadly as hundreds of the white nationalists , some carrying Confederate flags and shields and others in militia-like gear , clashed with counterprotesters in the city streets .
At one point a silver Dodge Challenger , allegedly driven by 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. of Ohio , rammed into a street filled with counterprotesters . Heather Heyer , 32 , was killed , and at least 19 others were injured . Fields was charged with one count of second-degree murder , three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run .
President Trump expressed sympathy to Heyer 's family , as well as to the families of Virginia State Troopers Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Berke M.M . Bates , who died when their helicopter that was patrolling Saturday 's event crashed .
`` These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation , '' Trump said . `` In times such as these , America has always shown its true character , responding to hate with love , division with unity , and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice . ''
Trump spoke after meeting with newly installed FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the White House . He said that the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the car attack .
`` To anyone who acted criminally at this weekend 's racist violence , you will be held fully accountable . Justice will be delivered , '' the president said .
Sessions told ABC News on Monday morning that the car crash that had killed Heyer `` does meet the definition of domestic terrorism . ''
`` You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought , because this is unequivocally an unacceptable , evil attack , '' he said .
The president 's condemnations may be too little too late for those who criticized Trump 's initial remarks — and Trump may have missed a critical moment to be the nation 's healer-in-chief . On Saturday , Trump claimed that the clashes were a result of `` hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides . '' Top Republicans , among others , quickly criticized him for not calling out by name the white supremacists , alt-right , KKK and neo-Nazi groups who began the protests .
`` Mr. President – we must call evil by its name . These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism , '' Sen. Cory Gardner , R-Colo. , who heads up the GOP Senate campaign committee , tweeted on Saturday .
The White House put out an unsigned statement on Sunday morning , saying that , `` The President said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence , bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists , KKK , neo-nazi and all extremist groups . He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together . ''
Vice President Pence had gone further than the president in his own comments , telling reporters Sunday night while traveling in Colombia , `` We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists , neo-Nazis or the KKK . These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate , and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms . ''
Trump has been blamed for being slow to criticize white supremacist groups in the past — even as he regularly attacks other targets on Twitter . During the 2016 campaign , Trump came under fire for not immediately disavowing the endorsement of David Duke , a former KKK grand wizard .
Duke , who attended the march in Virginia , said on Saturday that participants ' aim was `` to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump . That 's what we believed in . That 's why we voted for Donald Trump , because he said he 's going to take our country back . ''
Duke later responded to one of the president 's tweets condemning the violence by saying , `` I would recommend you take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency , not radical leftists . ''
UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity , endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects .
UPDATE 1-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
Big tech and energy companies lead U.S. stocks sharply lower U.S. stocks fell sharply Friday , placing the market on track for its worst week in two years . Technology and energy stocks accounted for much of the broad slide , pulling the Dow Jones industrial average down more than 400 points . Several major companies including Exxon Mobil and Google 's parent company , Alphabet , sank after reporting weak earnings . [ … ]
Yellen lands new job at Brookings Institution WASHINGTON – Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen , the first woman to head the nation 's central bank , got a boisterous send-off from Fed staff , but she is n't taking any time off . After her last day at the Fed on Friday , she will start a new job Monday at the Brookings Institution . The Washington think tank announced [ … ]
Kimberly School District hit with outbreak of whooping cough KIMBERLY , Idaho – Public health officials have reported an outbreak of whooping cough at multiple schools in a southern Idaho town . The Times-News reported the Kimberly School District on Monday was notified by the South Central Public Health District of multiple cases of the infectious disease , which can cause violent coughing fits and vomiting . In [ … ]
Kootenai County deputies find 58 pounds of marijuana during traffic stop The Kootenai County Sheriff 's Office arrested a 70-year-old man after deputies found 58 pounds of marijuana in his car during a traffic stop Thursday . Deputy Nate Nelson at 11:30 a.m. initiated a traffic stop on Interstate 90 near state Highway 3 for a traffic infraction . The driver of the vehicle , Michael A. Campbell , told deputies [ … ]
( Correct Tuesday 's close to 153.15/25 )
COLOMBO , April 19 The Sri Lankan rupee closed lower for a second day on Wednesday as dollar demand from importers surged amid low supply of the greenback , dealers said .
Rupee forwards were active , with two-week forwards closing at 153.40/50 per dollar , compared with Tuesday 's close of 153.15/25 .
`` There was importer demand from small banks and we did not see much supply in the market , '' said a currency dealer who requested anonymity .
`` Some strong inflows could help ease the pressure . ''
Another dealer said there was heavy demand for dollars from importers running high trade bills .
The market has not been impacted much after the central bank increased policy rates by 25 basis points last month , dealers added .
The island nation has received dollar inflows since the beginning of April , with foreign investors buying equities and government securities .
Overseas investors have net bought 9.72 billion rupees ( $ 63.95 million ) worth of equities in the last 19 consecutive sessions through Wednesday .
Offshore investors net bought government securities worth 1.87 billion rupees in the week ended April 12 .
They have however net sold 62 billion rupees worth of government bonds so far this year . ( $ 1 = 152.0000 Sri Lankan rupees ) ( Reporting by Shihar Aneez ; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath )
COLOMBO , April 20 Sri Lankan shares hit a more than six-month closing high on Thursday as retail investors too joined a market rally led by heavy foreign buying over the last 20 sessions .
Foreign investors net bought 697.5 million rupees worth equities on Thursday , after buying a net 4.32 billion rupees ( $ 28.42 million ) worth of shares on Wednesday , the highest since May 9 , 2014 , exchange data showed .
Foreign investors have bought equities worth a net 10.42 billion in 20 straight sessions , taking the year-to-date net foreign inflow into equities to 12.9 billion rupees .
On Thursday , the Colombo stock index ended 0.9 percent firmer at 6,505.28 , its highest close since Oct. 12 .
The index has climbed 8.9 percent in the 15 sessions up to Thursday , having risen for 14 outs of 15 sessions so far .
`` Foreigners are buying in large quantities and we saw some retail investors also buying stocks in a gradual manner , '' said Hussain Gani , deputy CEO at Softlogic Stockbrokers .
`` The bullish run will prevail if the central bank can maintain the interest rate at the current level . ''
The central bank last month raised the key policy rates by 25 basis points .
Turnover stood at 1.44 billion rupees ( $ 9.48 million ) , more than this year 's daily average of 863.7 million rupees .
Large cap Nestle Lanka PLC jumped 3.8 percent , while top mobile phone operator Dialog Axiata closed 3.5 percent firmer .
( $ 1 = 151.9500 Sri Lankan rupees ) ( Reporting by Shihar Aneez ; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath )
Winnipeg – Most of Manitoba received rain which has helped with crop growth but more is still needed , according to the weekly crop report from Manitoba Agriculture , released May 28 .
Amounts of precipitation varied across the province , with additional moisture still needed in many areas . The recent rains combined with warm temperatures have resulted in rapid germination , emergence and crop growth .
Provincially seeding is nearly complete , with 94 percent of the crop in the ground .
In the central region storms were reported in the Snowflake and Holland areas . Hail fell but no major crop damage was reported . Hail was also reported around Laurier and Swan River in the northwest region , there were no reports of significant damage though .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Interlake region also reported storms over the week . Northeast of Stonewall severe weather was reported Friday night . Severe wind damage to bins , trees and property in the Petersfield and Clandeboye areas was reported .
The southwest region has received rain but in the far southwest precipitation is needed . In the eastern region rain was reported but producers have said they still need to see additional moisture . Due to how dry it has been soil surfaces are drying out quickly .
Herbicide applications are underway across the province and are expected to become the main priority during the next week . Flea beetle activity has been reported across the province , with control measures necessary in some fields .
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
( Adds detail , updates prices ) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE , June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year , boosting financing costs for industry . Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter , metals could come under further selling pressure , broker Kingdom Futures said in a report . `` Toda
A lock icon , signifying an encrypted Internet connection , is seen on an Internet Explorer browser in a photo illustration in Paris April 15 , 2014 . REUTERS/Mal Langsdon
BERLIN Cybercrime is expanding at a rapid rate in Germany , one of the most digitally advanced countries in the world , but the vast majority of attacks against individuals and companies are not reported , government and industry executives said on Wednesday .
Markus Koths , head of the cyber crime unit at the German Federal Crime Office , told a conference that numbers of cybercrimes reported in 2016 nearly doubled to over 82,000 , resulting in damages of over 51 million euros ( $ 55.7 million ) .
But he said that number likely represented just a tenth of all such crimes , which some industry groups had said could range into the millions with damage estimates as high as 22.4 billion euros .
The biggest trend driving the increase was the area of `` cybercrime as a service , '' with growing numbers of hackers offering hacking services and malicious software on the hidden part of the Internet , or `` dark net , '' Koths said .
Cybercrime as a service `` is the backbone of modern cybercrime , '' he said .
Klaus Mittelbach , head of the ZVEI German Electrical and Electronic Manufacturers ' Association , said his trade group was hit last year by viruses known as `` ransomware , '' which encrypt data and demand payments for them to be unlocked .
Germany should set up a central emergency number for people affected by cyberattacks to encourage better reporting , he said , noting the group had not paid any ransom .
Many companies worried about dragging down their share price , or other consequences if they admitted they had been hit .
Koths said Germany 's federal cybersecurity agency estimated there were 560 million different malicious software programmes in circulation , up from 440 million a year earlier .
Cyber crime was expected to continue growing given the huge increase in smart phones , industrial systems and household appliances , officials told the conference .
Holger Muench , president of the Federal Crime Office , said Germany needed to rapidly develop new skills to stay ahead of cyber criminals , and was already working to share more data and intelligence with law enforcement agencies in other countries .
Sandro Gaycken , director of the Digital Society Institute , said Germany was a big target for industrial espionage due to its high levels of technology and the wide array of potential targets among small to medium-sized businesses .
A recent study by the Centre for Security and International Studies in the United States estimated that cyber crime ate up about 0.7 percent of global gross domestic product , but the rate for Germany was around 1.6 percent , he said .
`` If that is right , it 's the worst form of crime that we have in Germany , '' Gaythen said .
( Reporting by Andrea Shalal ; editing by John Stonestreet )
March 31 Empire Resources Inc
* Empire Resources enters into merger agreement with Ta Chen
* Empire Resources Inc - aggregate value of transaction is approximately $ 58 million for all of outstanding shares of Empire
* Empire Resources Inc - deal for $ 7.00 per share in cash by a unit of Ta Chen Stainless Pipe Co. , Ltd .
* Acquisition will be completed by means of a tender offer for all outstanding empire shares
* Empire resources inc - empire board of directors has unanimously approved agreement
* Empire Resources - Nathan Kahn , Sandra Kahn who together own about 46.3 percent of co 's outstanding shares , have agreed to tender their shares into offer Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
LONDON , April 3 The following FTSE 100 companies will go ex-dividend on Thursday , after which investors will no longer qualify for the latest dividend payout . According to Reuters calculations at current market prices , the effect of the resulting adjustment to prices by market-makers would take 11.75 points off the index . COMPANY ( RIC ) DIVIDEND STOCK OPTION IMPACT ( pence ) Aviva 15.88 2.53 GKN 5.9 0.40 Hikma 18 0.10 Lloyds Banking Group 2.2 5.85 Next 45 0.25 Paddy Power Betfair 113 0.36 Pearson 34 1.10 Rentokil Initial 2.38 0.17 St James 's Place 20.67 0.42 Smiths Group 13.55 0.21 Wolseley 36.67 0.36 Among FTSE 250 companies going ex-dividend are : COMPANY ( RIC ) DIVIDEND ( pence ) BBA Aviation 9.12 ( U.S. cents ) Berendsen 22.5 Electra Private Equity Closed Fund 2612 F & C Commercial Property Trust LTD 0.5 Finsbury Growth & Income Trust 6.8 James Fisher and Sons 17.6 IMI 24.7 Ladbrokes Coral 2 Moneysupermarket.com Group 7.1 The Mercantile Investment Trust 15.25 Murray International Trust 16 RIT Capital Partners 16 Rotork 3.15 DS Smith 4.6 Sanne Group 6.4 Ultra Electronics Holdings 33.6 Virgin Money 3.5 Vesuvius 11.4 John Wood Group 22.5 ( U.S. cents ) ( Reporting by Kit Rees ; editing by Danilo Masoni )
WA Portland OR Zone Forecast
WA Portland OR Zone Forecast for Tuesday , July 3 , 2018
_____
415 FPUS56 KPQR 041058
ZFPPQR
Zone Forecasts for Northwest Oregon and Southwest Washington
National Weather Service Portland OR
358 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
Spot Temperatures are for Today , Tonight , Thursday , Thursday
Night , and Friday .
WAZ021-042330-
South Washington Coast-
Including the cities of Raymond , Long Beach , Ocean Park , Naselle ,
Cathlamet , and Cape Disappointment
358 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY ... Partly sunny . Highs 70 to 80 . Northeast wind 5 to 15 mph .
Local gusts to 25 mph .
.TONIGHT ... Mostly cloudy . Lows around 55 . Southwest wind 5 to
10 mph .
.THURSDAY ... Mostly cloudy . Highs 65 to 70 . Southwest wind 5 to
10 mph .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Mostly cloudy . Lows around 55 . South wind 5 to
10 mph .
.FRIDAY ... Partly sunny . A 20 percent chance of showers in the
afternoon . Highs around 65 . Southeast wind 5 to 10 mph shifting to
the southwest in the afternoon .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Mostly cloudy with a 40 percent chance of showers .
Lows around 55 .
.SATURDAY ... Mostly cloudy . Chance of showers in the morning , then a
slight chance of showers in the afternoon . Highs 65 to 70 . Chance of
precipitation 40 percent .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . A 20 percent chance of showers in
the evening . Lows around 55 .
.SUNDAY ... Partly sunny . A 20 percent chance of showers in the
afternoon . Highs 65 to 70 .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers .
Lows around 55 .
.MONDAY ... Partly sunny with a 20 percent chance of showers . Highs
65 to 70 .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . A 20 percent chance of showers in the
evening . Lows around 55 .
.TUESDAY ... Partly cloudy . Highs 65 to 70 .
$ $
WAZ020-042330-
Willapa Hills-
Including the cities of Willapa , Frances , Elk Mountain ,
and Ryderwood
358 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY ... Partly sunny . Highs 75 to 80 . Northeast wind 10 to 15 mph
with gusts up to 30 mph , mainly in the higher terrain .
.TONIGHT ... Mostly cloudy in the evening , then partly cloudy . Lows
around 55 . Southwest wind 5 to 10 mph .
.THURSDAY ... Partly sunny . Highs 70 to 75 . Southwest wind 5 to
10 mph .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . Lows around 55 . Southwest wind 5 to
10 mph .
.FRIDAY ... Partly sunny . A 20 percent chance of showers in the
afternoon . Highs 65 to 70 . Light wind becoming southwest 5 to 15 mph
in the afternoon .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Mostly cloudy with a 40 percent chance of showers .
Lows around 50 .
.SATURDAY ... Mostly cloudy . Chance of showers in the morning , then a
slight chance of showers in the afternoon . Highs 65 to 70 . Chance of
precipitation 40 percent .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Mostly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers
in the evening , then partly cloudy after midnight . Lows around 50 .
.SUNDAY ... Partly sunny . Highs 65 to 70 .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . A 20 percent chance of showers after
midnight . Lows around 50 .
.MONDAY ... Partly sunny with a 20 percent chance of showers . Highs
65 to 70 .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . A 20 percent chance of showers in the
evening . Lows 50 to 55 .
.TUESDAY ... Partly cloudy . Highs 70 to 75 .
$ $
WAZ040-042330-
South Washington Cascade Foothills-
Including the cities of Toutle , Ariel , Lake Merwin , Yale Lake ,
and Cougar
358 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY ... Partly cloudy . Valley highs around 85 . East wind 10 to 15
mph with gusts to 25 mph , except 15 to 25 mph with gusts to 40 mph in
the higher terrain .
.TONIGHT ... Mostly cloudy in the evening , then partly cloudy . Valley
lows around 55 . Northeast wind 5 to 10 mph with gusts to 25 mph
becoming light after midnight .
.THURSDAY ... Mostly sunny . Valley highs 75 to 80 . Light wind .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . Valley lows around 55 . Northwest
wind 5 to 10 mph .
.FRIDAY ... Partly cloudy . A 20 percent chance of showers in the
afternoon . Valley highs 70 to 75 . Southwest wind 5 to 10 mph .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Mostly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers .
Valley lows around 50 .
.SATURDAY ... Mostly cloudy in the morning , then partly cloudy . A
20 percent chance of showers . Valley highs 70 to 75 .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . A 20 percent chance of showers in
the evening . Valley lows 50 to 55 .
.SUNDAY ... Mostly sunny in the morning , then partly cloudy . Valley
highs around 75 .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . Valley lows 50 to 55 .
.MONDAY ... Partly cloudy . Valley highs 70 to 75 .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . Valley lows 50 to 55 .
.TUESDAY ... Mostly sunny . Valley highs 75 to 80 .
$ $
WAZ019-042330-
South Washington Cascades-
Including the cities of Coldwater Ridge Visitors Center ,
Mount St. Helens , and Wind River Valley
358 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY ... Partly sunny . Free air freezing level 12000 feet . East wind
10 to 20 mph with gusts to 35 mph .
.TONIGHT ... Partly cloudy . Free air freezing level 12000 feet rising
to 13000 feet after midnight . East wind 5 to 10 mph . Gusts to 25 mph
in the evening .
.THURSDAY ... Sunny . Free air freezing level 13000 feet . Light wind
becoming west 5 to 10 mph in the afternoon .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . Free air freezing level 13000 feet .
Northwest wind 5 to 10 mph .
.FRIDAY ... Partly cloudy . A 20 percent chance of showers in the
afternoon . Snow level above 8000 feet . Southwest wind 5 to 10 mph .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Mostly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers .
Snow level 8000 feet .
.SATURDAY ... Partly sunny with a 20 percent chance of showers . Snow
level 8000 feet .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . A 20 percent chance of showers in
the evening . Snow level 8000 feet . Free air freezing level
13000 feet after midnight .
.SUNDAY ... Mostly sunny in the morning , then partly cloudy . Free air
freezing level 13000 feet .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . Free air freezing level 13000 feet .
.MONDAY ... Mostly sunny in the morning , then partly cloudy . Free air
freezing level 13000 feet rising to 14000 feet in the afternoon .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . Free air freezing level 14000 feet .
.TUESDAY ... Mostly sunny . Free air freezing level 14000 feet rising
to 16000 feet in the afternoon .
$ $
weather.gov/portland
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
Obamacare gave millions of women access to a full range of birth control at no cost . New Trump administration rules unveiled Friday could take that away from many of them .
The rules , which take effect immediately , would grant exemptions to employers whose religious or moral beliefs conflict with providing contraceptive coverage . This could allow many organizations and companies to stop providing some or all of the 18 contraceptive methods that are now required , including birth control pills , IUDs , emergency contraception and sterilization , policy experts say .
The requirement to provide no-cost contraception is not in the Affordable Care Act itself . Instead , the Department Health & Human Services under former President Obama included it as one of the women 's preventative services that all private insurance plans must offer at no charge .
Prior to Obamacare , contraceptive coverage varied by employer and state , said Alina Salganicoff , director of women 's health policy at the Kaiser Family Foundation . Some women had to meet their deductibles first or fork over co-pays . Others had to pay upfront and be reimbursed later , while still others found that their choice of birth control was not covered at all .
The health reform law gave nearly 56 million women access to preventative services — including birth control — with no cost-sharing , according to numbers compiled in 2015 by the Obama administration .
Some 21 % of women of reproductive age covered by a large employer plan spent money on oral contraception in 2012 , when the provision took effect , a Kaiser study found . That share dropped to 3.6 % in 2014 .
Women could be saving an estimated $ 1.4 billion a year on the pill alone , a 2015 University of Pennsylvania study found .
Related : Trump administration deals major blow to Obamacare birth control mandate
Not every employer has to offer no-cost contraception under Obamacare . Houses of worship can obtain exemptions . Religiously affiliated nonprofits and closely held companies can receive an accommodation so they do n't have to provide coverage . But their insurers or plan administrators must pay for birth control for workers and their dependents . ( The Obama administration modified the rules after several entities sued on religious grounds . )
Under the new Trump administration rules , entitles that have “ sincerely held religious beliefs ” against providing contraceptives would no longer be required to do so . That provision has also been extended to organizations and small businesses that have objections “ on the basis of moral conviction which is not based in any particular religious belief . ”
HHS officials said Friday that no more than 120,000 women — mainly at the employers who sued for relief from the mandate — would be affected . But policy experts and consumer advocates say the number could be much , much larger .
“ There is no way to know how many women will be affected , ” Salganicoff said .
Related : Trump signs executive order to ‘ vigorously promote religious liberty '
The new rules would allow religiously affiliated hospitals , universities , charities , nursing homes and other non-profits to drop coverage . And it would let employers at for-profit firms and publicly traded companies to do the same .
The Catholic Health Association of the United States and Association of Catholic College and Universities did not immediately return requests for comment .
Several consumer advocates and government officials from left-leaning states have already promised to fight the new rules . The ACLU filed a lawsuit on Friday , declaring the move unconstitutional .
Germany , Italy push for changes to Europe 's rules on bank failure
BRUSSELS , June 14 European Union regulators should consider the social impact of winding down banks when they apply new liquidation rules that could affect depositors , retail investors and senior bondholders , a German-Italian joint paper said .
TOKYO , April 12 Japanese government bonds firmed on Wednesday , with the benchmark 10-year yield edging down to a four-month low , taking cues from U.S. Treasury yields and reduced purchases by the Bank of Japan in its bond-buying operations .
The benchmark 10-year JGB yield fell one basis point to 0.025 percent , its lowest since Dec. 5 , while 10-year JGB futures added 0.20 point to 150.88 after earlier touching 150.92 , their highest since Nov. 15 .
U.S. Treasury yields slipped overnight as fresh concerns about the French presidential election and possible U.S. military action against Syria and North Korea spurred safe-haven demand , and continued to drop in Asian trading .
The 10-year Treasury yield stood at 2.285 percent , down from the U.S. close of 2.315 percent on Tuesday .
The Bank of Japan also trimmed its purchases of Japanese government bonds with three to five years left to maturity on Wednesday , buying 350 billion yen of them in its regular operations , down from 380 billion in previous operations .
`` Overall , there was limited reaction to the BOJ , as the market focuses on Treasuries , whose yields appear to have moved into a new range , '' said Tadashi Matsukawa , head of fixed income investment in Tokyo at PineBridge Investments .
In the superlong zone , the 20-year yield fell two basis points to 0.590 percent , its lowest since mid-January , while the 30-year yield lost 3 basis points to 0.805 percent , its lowest since late February .
( Reporting by Tokyo markets team ; Editing by Sunil Nair )
Paulinho ( L ) of China 's Guangzhou Evergrande celebrates with teammate Zou Zheng after scoring against Mexico 's Club America during their Club World Cup quarter-final soccer match in Osaka , western Japan , December 13 , 2015 .
HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - Luiz Felipe Scolari believes Barcelona 's decision to pay 40 million euros ( $ 47.26 million ) to buy Brazilian midfielder Paulinho out of his Guangzhou Evergrande contract reflects positively on the Chinese Super League champions .
The Brazil midfielder was left out of Guangzhou 's line-up for their 2-1 win over Henan Jianye in the Chinese Super League on Sunday and is expected to end his two-year stint with the club this week after flying to Spain to sign for the Catalan side .
`` Paulinho is a player with high individual quality , he is an outstanding player , both for his club and for the national team , '' said Guangzhou 's manager Scolari .
`` The high price paid by Barcelona in order to sign him is a strong recognition of Guangzhou Evergrande Football Club .
`` We wish him all the best and that he can embrace a bright future , '' added Scolari of his 29-year-old compatriot , who joined Guangzhou from Tottenham Hotspur in 2015 .
Paulinho has been in stellar form for both club and country since the turn of the year , scoring a hat-trick in Brazil 's 4-1 win over Uruguay in March in World Cup qualifying while also being a key factor in Guangzhou 's dominance of the Super League .
Evergrande leads the domestic standings and have also qualified for the quarter-finals of the Asian Champions League , where they will face fellow Chinese side Shanghai SIPG in the first leg next week .
The loss of Paulinho will give Andre Villas-Boas 's SIPG side a boost in the continental competition and in the league , where they trail Guangzhou by five points .
`` Losing Paulinho is a loss for Evergrande , but it is a good thing for Chinese football , '' said former Chelsea and Tottenham manager Villas-Boas .
`` It proves that the world 's leading clubs are paying attention to the Chinese Super League . ''
( $ 1 = 0.8463 euros )
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON , June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday , opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date .
The Fallen Stars Explore How to Mix Any Live Show From an iPad using the Mackie ProDX8
Editor 's note – we recently worked with the good folks at Mackie to give away one of their new ProDX8 wireless digital mixers to one lucky band , in order to send them on the road to test out the unit 's capabilities in real-world settings ( i.e . on stage and in rehearsals ) . We wanted honest feedback , so we selected The Fallen Stars to demo the ProDX8 live , and through video walk-through on their social media channels . The band was thoroughly impressed with the ProDX 's functionality , especially the ability to control their mix form the stage using an iPad . We 'll let bandleader Bobbo Byrnes explain in his own words…
I was on tour in Europe when a friend of mine emailed me to say “ Mackie and Performer Magazine are giving away a new ProDX8 – you need to enter this contest , you REALLY need this thing . ”
Truth be told , I had never heard of it . I like my gadgets and what-not , but my PA was working just fine and it had knobs . I like knobs .
Imagine my surprise when I actually won it ! I had looked it up and saw that it hooked in with my iPhone/iPad and I could mix from wherever I was standing on stage ; needless to say I was pretty excited to try it out , but I was n't prepared for how much it would improve my life ( and our sound ) .
I immediately bought the little bag that goes with the ProDX because traveling around – I 'm clearly going to drop it at some point . With the little travel bag , I can put it in my luggage or in with the mic cables . It 's tiny and fits almost anywhere .
To set it up is beyond easy – mic cables go in 1 thru 8 , there are 2 main speaker outs and monitor 1 and monitor 2 outs so you can have two ( ! ) separate monitor mixes . The App Store provided the ProDX Mackie Mixer Connect app , a quick hop over to Settings > Bluetooth > Connect and I was in business . Did I mention it was easy ?
One of my favorite features of the ProDX8 is the sweepable mid controls . Some PA 's only have high , mid and low controls but with the ProDX , dialing in acoustic guitars and vocals took just seconds . I crank the mids and sweep until I find the “ ugly frequency ” ( you know the one ) and then scoop it out . Couple this with a loop pedal on my acoustic guitar and I can easily go out front and soundcheck myself . The control freak in me loves this !
Imagine setting up your PA , unmuting it and having it instantly ready to go . When we tour we often have 3 vocals , 3 acoustic inputs and a Porchboard bass kick pedal , so being able to save your settings and recall them whenever you want is brilliant . Different venues may need a little touch of different EQ or reverb but your starting point is already there .
I 'm typically not a fan of proprietary power supplies but when I wrote to Mackie to ask about 110 vs 220 volts they informed me that they make a European power supply for it and it 's only about $ 15 – so I was pretty stoked . If I was to complain about one thing it would be the lack of phantom power on the unit , but really that 's only a minor concern as most of the time you 'd be using dynamic mics on stage , anyway .
Hands down – the coolest new piece of gear I have worked with in a long time . The interface is easy to use and its small size makes traveling a breeze . With the ProDX8 I can plug into any powered speaker combo I encounter , giving me full control over my live sound and making it sound great in any situation , whether I 'm performing as a solo troubadour guy or with a full band .
Thanks , Mackie and Performer Magazine !
Follow The Fallen Stars on Twitter @ TheFallenStars and learn more about the entire range of Mackie pro audio gear at Mackie.com .
SYDNEY , Australia — Chris Lynn scored 44 runs and Glenn Maxwell was 40 not out to pace Australia to a rain-affected seven-wicket victory over New Zealand in a Twenty20 tri-series match at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Saturday .
After being sent in to bat , New Zealand was restricted to 117 for nine in its 20 overs . A rain delay reduced Australia 's target under the Duckworth-Lewis method to 95 runs in 15 overs , and the hosts scored 96-3 in 11.3 overs for an easy victory .
Australia fast bowler Billy Stanlake finished with figures of 3-15 after removing New Zealand 's top order . Stanlake took wickets off his first two balls to remove both New Zealand openers before claiming another wicket in his three-over opening spell .
In just his fourth international match , the 23-year-old Stanlake beat Colin Munro and Tom Bruce for pace and bounce on the pull shot when both were on three .
His inswinging delivery to remove Martin Guptill was his best , taking the top off Guptill 's stump .
`` That is the most nervous that I have felt in quite a while , '' Stanlake said . `` The first over seemed to settle me down a bit , so that was nice . ''
Stanlake , named man of the match , and fellow opening pace bowler Kane Richardson ( 0-28 ) were so dominant that they sent down 18 dot balls in the first four overs and held New Zealand to 3-29 in the six-over power play .
It was the first match in the tri-series tournament also involving England . Australia plays England on Wednesday in Hobart and next Saturday in Melbourne before the series shifts to New Zealand .
By The Associated Press
Emma Stone has signed a $ 10 million deal with Louis Vuitton .
The 'Battle of the Sexes ' actress will become the new face of the French fashion brand for the next two years after agreeing to the lucrative deal .
A source told Page Six TV : `` LVMH has been pursuing Emma for nearly a year , she was initially reluctant , but now she has agreed to be the face of the brand for two years for a figure between $ 6 and $ 10 million . ''
The company reportedly also approached Emma 's 'La La Land ' co-star Ryan Gosling but `` Ryan repeatedly turned Louis Vuitton down because he does n't do endorsement deals '' .
Meanwhile , Emma - who stars as tennis icon Billie Jean King in 'Battle of the Sexes ' about King 's famous match against male player Bobby Riggs in 1973 - recently revealed relished getting herself into tip-top physical condition to take on the part .
Asked how she went about bulking up for the role , she said : `` A lot of weightlifting , a lot of protein shakes . I never did it before and I loved it . ''
Emma , 28 , admitted she initially struggled to cope with the physical demands of adding the extra muscle .
But , over time , the actress got used to her workout regime and she eventually started to enjoy the challenge .
She said ' : `` For the first three weeks , you hate your life , and I know a lot of people hate exercising . I did . And then after three weeks when you 're , ' I can lift this ? I can do this ? ' It just becomes addictive .
`` It 's just really incredible to feel strong . It feels so good . ''
Thames homers as Brewers down Twins 2-0
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Morry Gash , AP Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 Milwaukee Brewers ' Eric Thames celebrates his two-run home run during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Minnesota Twins Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Milwaukee . Milwaukee Brewers ' Eric Thames celebrates his two-run home run during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Minnesota Twins Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Milwaukee . Photo : Morry Gash , AP Image 2 of 5 Milwaukee Brewers ' Nate Orf steals second with Minnesota Twins ' Jorge Polanco covering during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Milwaukee . Milwaukee Brewers ' Nate Orf steals second with Minnesota Twins ' Jorge Polanco covering during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Milwaukee . Photo : Morry Gash , AP Image 3 of 5 Milwaukee Brewers ' Travis Shaw , Jonathan Villar and Jesus Aguilar celebrate after a baseball game against the Minnesota Twins Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Milwaukee . The Brewers won 2-0 . Milwaukee Brewers ' Travis Shaw , Jonathan Villar and Jesus Aguilar celebrate after a baseball game against the Minnesota Twins Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Milwaukee . The Brewers won 2-0 . Photo : Morry Gash , AP Image 4 of 5 Milwaukee Brewers relief pitcher Josh Hader throws during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Minnesota Twins Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Milwaukee . Milwaukee Brewers relief pitcher Josh Hader throws during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Minnesota Twins Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Milwaukee . Photo : Morry Gash , AP Image 5 of 5 Thames homers as Brewers down Twins 2-0 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) — Eric Thames has a penchant for game-changing home runs this season .
Thames hit a two-run homer that accounted for the game 's only runs as the Milwaukee Brewers slipped past the Minnesota Twins 2-0 on Tuesday . Thames has three home runs in the past six games .
`` I 'd say that 's a hot streak , '' Brewers manager Craig Counsell said .
Eight of the Thames ' 12 homers have put the Brewers on the board and seven have given his team a lead .
Milwaukee broke through in the fifth against Minnesota starter Jake Odorizzi ( 3-6 ) when pinch-hitter Nate Orf walked and stole second before the Thames lined a homer that just cleared the right-field fence .
`` It was a cutter that did n't get in far enough , '' Odorizzi said . `` I just did n't execute it , plain and simple . I just did n't get enough break on it . Right pitch , just bad execution and it turns out to be the deciding factor . ''
Thames reached base three times in four at-bats . After the game , he credited Milwaukee 's pitching , which held Minnesota to two hits .
`` Our bullpen has been the hammer for us , '' Thames said . `` They have been the ones to pick us up , but we need to start scoring more , getting guys on base and driving them in and give them breathing room . ''
It was n't just the bullpen on this day .
Milwaukee starter Junior Guerra ( 5-5 ) pitched five shutout innings . He gave up two hits while walking three and striking out eight and pitched out of a bases-loaded jam in the first after giving up a double and two walks .
`` Being able to put up a zero up there and not let them score was very big , '' Guerra said through team translator Carlos Brizuela . `` Walks are very lethal , especially for a starter . ''
Josh Hader pitched a season-high three innings in relief for the Brewers and did n't allow a hit . Closer Corey Knebel notched his ninth save in 11 attempts by striking out the side in the ninth .
Both starting pitchers held their opponents in check but struggled with high pitch counts . Guerra threw 89 pitches . Odorizzi gave up two runs and four hits in five innings . He walked four and struck out nine but threw 109 pitches .
The Twins fell to 1-7 on their current nine-game road trip .
INFIELD INACTIVITY
The Twins became the first team whose first baseman , Joe Mauer , played an entire game and had no putouts or assists since Edwin Encarnacion did it with Toronto against Baltimore on Aug. 25 , 2012 . This has happened just six other times in the past 20 years and never to the Twins .
`` There was n't a ground ball today , which is a baseball oddity , '' Molitor said . `` I ca n't really explain it other than Odorizzi , we know , is a fly ball guy . ''
CHOKED UP
In the ninth , home plate umpire Marty Foster called Jake Cave out on strikes but did n't raise his arm right away with the signal , prompting an argument from Molitor .
`` It looked like , as simply as I can state it , that he was n't going to make the call , '' Molitor said . `` Jake made the mistake of walking away , and it looked like ( Foster ) put his arm up after the fact . He said that he had called it right away but that he was choking on his Nicorette mints . ''
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Twins : Recalled LHP Gabriel Moya from Triple-A Rochester and optioned RHP Zack Littell to Rochester . Littell was the losing pitcher in Monday 's 10-inning game . ... 2B Brian Dozier did n't start so he could rest but entered the game in the seventh . `` It 's always tough to sit ( Dozier ) , '' Molitor said . `` I think if he had his druthers , he would play 162 games and start them all . ''
Brewers : OF Christian Yelich did n't start for the fifth consecutive game due to lower back tightness but entered in the ninth as a defensive replacement . .. OF Lorenzo Cain ( left groin strain ) is eligible to come off the DL on Wednesday , but Brewers manager Craig Counsell said he likely wo n't be in the lineup right away . `` There 's enough caution there that we 've got to get over the last hurdle , '' Counsell said . `` We 're not to 100 percent yet . '' ... RHP Zach Davies ( right shoulder tightness ) is dealing with back soreness and stiffness . `` He wo n't throw until that 's gone , '' Counsell said . `` That 's going to set him back . ''
UP NEXT
Twins : Jose Berrios ( 8-6 , 3.52 ERA ) gets the start in the three-game series finale . Berrios will face the Brewers for the first time in his career .
Brewers : Chase Anderson ( 6-6 , 4.18 ) has held opponents to a .208 batting average this season .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
A collection of 100 blankets donated to the Hope Centre by the Niagara South Insurance Brokers Association will go a long way , says the shelter 's executive director Mark Carl .
Every year , under the umbrella of its provincial association , the group of region-based brokers supports a different cause . A donation was made following a recent meeting at Mr. Mike 's Steakhouse Casual .
Blankets are always the items handed to an organization , said past-president Scott Maskell .
In 2017 , local firefighters were the recipients of the group 's charity efforts .
`` It 's about picking people up and helping them — and they get good use of the blankets , '' he said .
Carl , from the Hope Centre , said the contribution is `` very kind '' and greatly needed at the Welland shelter that puts a roof over the heads of an average of 50 people per night .
He said the donated blankets are helpful for individuals staying overnight , but also when they re-enter society to live on their own and find employment .
`` When people move out to their first apartment , stuff like this can be very expensive , '' said Carl , also pointing out that hygiene products are graciously accepted by the organization .
`` It all has an impact on their success , '' he said .
The Hope Centre is a community-based agency in Welland that provides service to vulnerable citizens in a time of need with food and housing , also empowering change in their lives through counselling and training .
NEW YORK — Shamorie Ponds scored 33 points and St. John 's stunned No . 4 Duke 81-77 at Madison Square Garden on Saturday , snapping an 11-game losing streak and handing the suddenly suspect Blue Devils their second loss in eight days .
Bashir Ahmed added 19 points and Tariq Owens had 17 for the Red Storm ( 11-13 ) , who overcame an early 10-point deficit and fought off Duke 's heralded freshmen down the stretch in their biggest win under third-year coach Chris Mullin .
St. John 's was playing the second of three straight games against top-6 opponents in a span of nine days . Next up , a visit to No . 1 Villanova on Wednesday night .
Gary Trent Jr. had 22 points for the Blue Devils ( 19-4 ) , who perhaps got caught looking ahead to their first matchup of the season with bitter rival North Carolina on Thursday night . Freshman sensation Marvin Bagley III scored 19 but sat out a significant chunk of the second half with four fouls .
Outhustled all afternoon , Duke was coming off an easy win over Notre Dame that followed a disappointing 65-63 loss to No . 2 Virginia at home last weekend .
Winless in 11 Big East games this season , the Red Storm improved to 11-2 in nonconference play . They led by 11 with 6 1/2 minutes left before Duke stormed back and took a 73-72 advantage on Trent 's two free throws with 1:35 to play , its first lead since early in the second half .
Fans of both schools were on their feet in the final minute .
Ponds , who also grabbed seven rebounds in his second consecutive 30-point game , put St. John 's back in front with a driving layup and drained a 3-pointer from the corner to make it 77-73 with 40 seconds left .
Greyson Allen 's only 3 seconds later trimmed the margin to one , but Owens hit two free throws with 32.2 seconds to go .
Bagley made one of two foul shots with 20.4 seconds left and Ponds did the same to make it 80-77 with 17.5 seconds to go . Allen missed a 3 at the other end and Owens grabbed the rebound before sinking one of two free throws with 2.7 seconds remaining to seal it as Ponds waved his arms , spurring on the sellout crowd of 19,812 .
* Indian buying at highest since 2015 * China 's purchases slide from record to 7-month low * Total WAF loadings for Asia fall by nearly 8 pct * Graphic on oil exports to Asia : tmsnrt.rs/2dG0SuJ By Libby George LONDON , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Indian refineries booked the largest amount of West African oil to load per day in February since April 2015 , helping to shore up a decline in Chinese buying , a Reuters survey of vessel fixtures and traders showed on Friday . Indian refiners Reliance and Essar joined state-run Indian Oil Corp ( IOC ) in booking ships to ferry West Africa oil east , running the total up to 780,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) - close to a three-year high on a bpd basis . Essar bought a cargo of Dalia from Angola 's Sonangol , while Reliance booked several ships to load Nigerian , Angolan and Congolese crude , the fixtures showed . The purchases helped to offset a steep drop in bpd-loadings for China , which fell to 1.22 million bpd from a record of 1.59 million bpd the previous month . While China is still a key outlet , particularly for Angolan oil , its buyers have a wide range of options , and turning away even slightly makes more of it available to others . `` Demand for some grades was down from more regular buyers , so Angolan had to be priced low to move , '' one trader said . This in part helped drive some of the Indian buying , sources said . While IOC is a regular buyer of West African oil , typically via tenders , Essar and Reliance tend to opt for the region 's crude only when it is particularly competitive . Traders said a rush to clear out February-loading cargoes , along with some length in Angolan barrels as Chinese buyers backed away , helped lure the refineries . The cargoes will also arrive in March and April , around the time refineries are concluding spring maintenance and looking to run full steam , traders said . ExxonMobil also booked West African oil to sail to Australia . Total loadings of West African oil to Asia slid to 2.17 million bpd as a result of the slowdown from China , down from a record 2.39 million bpd in January . COUNTRY February BPD January BPD '000s cargoes '000s cargoes CHINA 36 1,221 52 1,594 INDIA 23 780 16 490 INDONESIA 2 68 2 61 TAIWAN 1 34 2 61 JAPAN 0 0 0 S. KOREA 0 0 0 0 OTHERS 2 68 6 184 TOTAL 64 2,171 78 2,390 ( Reporting by Libby George ; Editing by David Evans )
The family of a small boy dramatically rescued after dangling from a balcony in Paris , France have expressed their thanks to the Malian man who saved him .
“ He 's truly a hero , ” the boy 's grandmother said of migrant Mamoudou Gassama , who scaled four floors to pluck the child from danger .
The four-year-old 's father , who had left him in their flat and gone shopping , faces charges of failing to look after his child , reports say .
Mr Gassama will be given citizenship .
French President Emmanuel Macron personally thanked him , gave him a medal for courage and said he would also be offered a role in the fire service .
More details have begun to emerge of the circumstances surrounding the incident .
Why was the boy on the balcony ?
The boy left Réunion , where his mother and grandmother live , about three weeks ago and moved to Paris to join his father , who works in the city . His mother and the couple 's second child were due to join them in June .
The father lived on the sixth-floor of the building in northern Paris , the building 's concierge told BFMTV .
The boy had already fallen two storeys before somehow managing to grab hold of the fourth-floor balcony , according to this version of events .
When asked by a resident in the neighbouring fourth-floor flat where he lived , he is reported to have pointed upwards .
His mother told Antenne Réunion that the boy 's father was not used to looking after him on his own and had left him alone before .
“ I ca n't justify what my husband did . People will say it could have happened to anyone and it has happened to other people . My son was just lucky , ” she said .
After doing the shopping , the boy 's father had delayed going home to play Pokémon Go , prosecutors said .
Could the neighbour have done more ?
Some reaction to the incident has focused on a man on the balcony of the neighbouring fourth-floor flat , who appears to be close enough to the boy to lift him before Mr Gassama arrives .
But the neighbour told Le Parisien newspaper that he was holding on to the boy 's hand but could not pull him up because of a divider separating the two balconies .
“ I did n't want to take the risk of letting go of his hand , I thought it better to do things step by step , ” he said .
He said the boy had been wearing a Spider-Man outfit , was bleeding from his toe and had a torn nail .
Firefighters came into his flat and climbed over the balcony divider to reach the boy and Mr Gassama , he said .
Where is the boy now ?
He has been taken into care by the French authorities , French media said .
The father is reported to have been left devastated by what happened , BFMTV said .
The French offence of failing in one 's legal duty as a parent can be punished by two years in prison and a fine of €30,000 ( $ 35,000 ; £26,000 ) .
His mother is also due to be interviewed by social workers in Réunion , Antenne Réunion said .
Speaking to French TV station RMC , the boy 's grandmother described how she felt seeing the video of her grandson hanging off the balcony .
“ My God , I was very shocked . My grandson , my grandson , save him ! ” she said .
“ Thankfully he [ Mr Gassama ] knew how to climb , because there were a lot of people below but he did n't just fold his arms . He raced up to the fourth floor . That was truly incredible . He was very brave , ” she said .
Who is Mamoudou Gassama ?
The 22-year-old left the town of Yaguine in south-western Mali as a teenager in 2013 .
He took the migrant route across the Sahara desert through Burkina Faso , Niger and Libya , and crossed the Mediterranean to Italy in 2014 at the second attempt after having once been intercepted at sea by police .
“ I had no means to live and no-one to help me , ” Mr Gassama told Mr Macron .
During his journey , he spent a year working in Libya , where migrants are frequently exploited and even enslaved by gangs .
“ I suffered a lot . We were caught and beaten but I did not lose hope , ” he said .
He told Mr Macron that he had travelled to France because he did not know anyone in Italy and his brother had been living in France for many years .
In Paris he worked cash-in-hand on building sites and lived in a hostel in the western suburb of Montreuil – known as “ little Bamako ” because of its large Malian population . He had not applied for asylum and was living illegally in France .
In the hostel , he has been sharing a room with relatives and sleeping on a mattress on the floor .
On Monday Mr Gassama met another Malian migrant given French citizenship for his acts of courage – Lassana Bathily , who helped customers in a Jewish supermarket in western Paris hide when a supporter of the Islamic State group took hostages there in 2015 .
Le héros de l'Hyper Cacher félicite Mamoudou Gassama pic.twitter.com/ScPJdAPINM — BFMTV ( @ BFMTV ) May 28 , 2018
Mr Bathily , who has written a book about his experience , said Mr Gassama was “ still in a state of emotion ” following his daring rescue .
“ He asked me about my experience and what I went through during the attack to get some advice , ” Mr Bathily told BFMTV . “ We were n't in it for anything but afterwards everyone was interested in us .
“ He reacted like a human being . He did n't think it would become a media event . ”
On Tuesday Mr Gassama received French residency , a first step towards citizenship . He also signed a contract for an internship with the Paris fire service .
May 3 Nbcuniversal Media Llc
* NBCUniversal Media - on May 1 , co 's unit entered into loan agreement among USJ , lenders and Sumitomo Mitsui banking corporation , as agent - SEC filing
* NBCUniversal Media - loan agreement provides for a JPY 450 billion unsecured term loan to co 's unit USJ
* NBCUniversal Media - proceeds of JPY 450 billion loan to be used to refinance existing senior secured debt of USJ
* NBCUniversal media - JPY 450 billion term loan comprises a and B tranches , each of which matures on March 31 , 2022 Source : ( bit.ly/2pJg5yG ) Further company coverage :
A pioneering cycling festival promises to be a fun family weekend at Sherwood Pines Forest this May .
The new festival , 'Pedalfest ' , is an event dedicated to the discovery of electric bikes alongside a host of 'fun , family activities ' .
Organised by iconic British brand Raleigh with support from electric mountain bike specialist Haibike , and performance bike brand Lapierre , organisers say the festival will focus on getting people to discover their `` electric smile '' .
The festival , which is free to enter , will have guided electric bike rides through the trails of Sherwood Pines forest , which will be guided by the Raleigh events team . And if a ride through the forest does n't take your fancy , there will be a demo track for shorter rides .
Alongside the guided rides there will be live music performances , a bike stunt show led by Ben Savage and a kids ' zone that will host a disco , magician , giant games and table football , as well as face painting .
Also in attendance will be the Caravan and Motorhome Club team , Birmingham Bike Works , sports nutrition brand High 5 and a variety of Bicycle accessory brands such as XLC , RSP and Fibrax , plus many more .
Not forgetting special guest , Ted Robbins , who will be there all weekend . Ted is best known for his role as Den Perry in Phoenix Nights . As well as starring in multiple TV shows including Holby City , Coronation street , and Brookside .
Ted will be performing a 30-minute stand-up act each day , and also mingling around the crowd .
Pippa Wibberley , managing director of Raleigh UK said : “ Pedalfest is the first event of its kind that Raleigh UK has arranged and the whole business is incredibly excited . It brings together all things that are important to us as a brand , family , fun and electric bikes . It 's going to be a great weekend - and hopefully the first of many ” .
Pedalfest is free to enter and will be running from 10am to 7pm on Saturday 19 , and Sunday , May 20 .
Summer time is an especially vibrant time for the library .
Warmer weather and holidays mean that for many it 's time to relax , reach for a new book , or finally get caught up on the latest TV series . If you 've got a trip planned , consider downloading apps that link to your library card : Libby and Freading for e-books and audiobooks , Hoopla for books , audiobooks , music , TV and movies , and RBDigitial for magazines . These apps are a great way to use the library from your tablet or phone . They 're also a great way to save precious space in your luggage .
The library is also ramping up on programs . Last week , at the Crystal Ridge Supper Market , we signed up more than 40 kids for summer reading , and even more had a blast playing with our Big Blue Blocks . Look for us again at the market on July 19 and July 26 . If you 're not participating in our summer reading challenges , you should be . Stop by any branch to pick up a bingo card or sign your child up .
Last week at the library we kicked off not one but two Dungeons and Dragons campaigns — one for ages 12 and over and then one for ages 16 and up . So you want to go on an adventure ? Dungeon Masters will lead you and your team through a legendary campaign . All players are welcome , regardless of experience . We will be playing 5e . We will meet every Saturday at 1 p.m. at the Centennial branch . Ages 16 and up Our D & D campaign will be running on Tuesday nights in July and August for ages 12 and over . Please see our website , www.fepl.ca , and look at the calendar for further details .
This week is the start of our high energy summer programs for kids , starting this week with Mad Science and Button Making , both at our Centennial Branch this Wednesday .
For adults , we have a summer of crafts and learning planned . On July 11 , come to our Centennial Branch to make beautiful , professional-grade greeting cards . All pieces will be supplied , including many that have been professionally cut with a laser cutter .
Later this month , join us at Crystal Ridge to make your own terrarium . Please note that we are taking registration for all adults programs this summer . Just call the library to reserve your place , or drop by the desk at any branch .
Stay cool out there — or come on down to the library , and stay cool in here .
Laura Trabucco is the community engagement librarian at Fort Erie Public Library .
RICHMOND , Va. — Otis Livingston II scored 22 points and made four straight free throws in the last 7.7 seconds as George Mason held off Richmond 79-75 on Saturday in an upset that knocked the Spiders out of a tie for second place in the Atlantic 10 Conference .
George Mason ( 10-13 , 4-6 ) held a 10-point lead with 2:33 remaining . Richmond 's Nick Sherod made two free throws with 1:11 left to top his previous career-high of 28 and pull the Spiders within 75-71 . After George Mason freshman Goanar Mar was called for a double dribble , Richmond missed a 3-pointer and had a putback blocked but Jacob Gilyard stole it and Sherod got Richmond within 75-73 with an inside basket at 36.6 .
George Mason 's Justin Kier missed the front end of a 1-and-1 with 25.9 seconds left but Sherod was short on an open 3-pointer from the wing .
Sherod finished with 32 points and 11 rebounds , Grant Golden pitched in 10 points with 10 rebounds and Gilyard scored 11 for Richmond ( 8-14 , 6-4 ) . The Spiders lost ground to Davidson ( 12-9 , 7-3 ) , which won Saturday .
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
You 're almost there.We 've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration .
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time .
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page .
In a report for the July 12 board of health meeting , staff note hospitals are seen as a `` high risk environment '' by people who inject drugs due to the `` expectation of abstinence '' and `` inability to practice harm reduction while admitted . ''
Hospitals are also bound by provincial law to collect identifying information for patients , a `` deterrent '' for some who look for harm-reduction services , the public health report adds .
In 2017 , council directed public health to pursue a supervised injection site in the downtown area with the idea of supporting agencies , which would secure space and make applications to upper levels of government .
Public health says De dwa da deha nye > s Aboriginal Health Centre 's application to the federal government on May 10 is now in the review stage .
Wesley Urban Ministries is in the final stages of an application for a mobile supervised consumption site .
Urban Core Community Health Centre `` has expressed intent '' to apply for a permanent site when it relocates to a new building at Cannon Street East and Wellington Street North .
A temporary overdose site has operated at Urban Core 's current location at 71 Rebecca St. in partnership with the Shelter Health Network . That six-month service only has provincial funding to last until Nov. 30 .
A looming concern for advocates of such harm-reduction services amid the opioid crisis is whether the new Progressive Conservative government will offer funding for safe injection sites .
During his campaign , Premier Doug Ford said he was `` dead against '' safe injection sites , expressing a preference for addiction services instead .
However , a campaign spokesperson later suggested Ford 's stance was n't rigid , saying he would consult `` experts in this area as we help individuals deal with their addiction . ''
tmoro @ thespec.com
905-526-3264 | @ TeviahMoro
tmoro @ thespec.com
905-526-3264 | @ TeviahMoro
https : //www.thehour.com/news/world/article/A-Malaysian-judge-has-approved-bail-at-250-000-13048513.php
A Malaysian judge has approved bail at $ 250,000 for former Prime Minister Najib Razak in corruption case
BARCELONA Real Madrid beat Leganes 4-2 on Wednesday despite resting key players including Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale as goals from Alvaro Morata and James Rodriguez helped them stay top of La Liga after Barcelona cruised to a 3-0 win over Sevilla .
Rodriguez set them on the way to victory with an early goal before Morata scored twice in five minutes to put Real 3-0 up .
But Leganes scored twice in quick succession through Gabriel Appelt Pires and Luciano to cut the deficit to 3-2 at halftime .
An own goal by Leganes defender Martin Mantovani just after the break stretched Real 's lead and they kept the hosts at arm 's length for the remainder of game .
The win saw Real recapture top spot from Barcelona , who had provisionally led the standings after beating Sevilla with two goals from Lionel Messi after the opener from Luis Suarez .
`` It was a bit of a strange game , '' said Real coach Zinedine Zidane .
`` We started very well and scored three goals and then we got ourselves into trouble by conceding those two goals . In the end we controlled the second half better by getting the extra goal and we got the three points . ''
The Frenchman cursed his side for switching off in the first half and briefly allowing Leganes back into the game .
`` We ca n't afford to keep doing it , conceding twice ( in four minutes ) is a big deal . That 's why we always need to be looking to improve . It 's the great thing about football , you never know what 's going to happen . ''
Real 's exciting youngster Marco Asensio created the first goal , robbing a Leganes player around the halfway line to embark on a bursting run past three more players before squaring the ball for James to tap in from close range .
MORATA DOUBLE
Morata got the first of his two goals three minutes later by arriving at the far post to glance the ball in as Leganes failed to clear a corner and then ran onto a pass from Mateo Kovacic to produce a sweeping finish high into the net in the 23rd .
The visitors killed the game in the 48th , having let their guard down in conceding twice , when Leganes ' Mantovani swatted the ball into his own net while trying to defend a free-kick .
Real top the table with 71 points , two clear of Barça , and have a game in hand on their arch-rivals as they bid for a first title since 2012 . Sevilla , who had Vitolo sent off for a second booking in the 91st minute , are fourth on 58 points .
Barça striker Suarez crashed home an emphatic overhead kick in the 25th minute after a surging run by Messi then teed up the Argentine to knock in the second three minutes later .
Messi produced an instinctive volley for Barça 's third goal in the 33rd , piling more pain on a Sevilla side who had serious title ambitions just over a month ago but have fallen apart and failed to win in their last six games in all competitions .
The Argentine had also rattled the bar from outside the box early in the game and his brace took his tally to 29 goals in 30 games against Sevilla in all competitions . Messi also leads the Liga scoring charts with 27 goals ahead of Suarez on 24 .
`` It was the first-half performance we had dreamed of , '' said Barça coach Luis Enrique .
`` We took the game to them as much as possible , we had more of the ball , we scored three goals and had a lot of chances , which says a lot when you consider the quality of our opponents . Things changed in the second half but everything was under control . ''
( Reporting by Richard Martin ; Editing by Toby Davis and Ken Ferris )
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says his cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) said on Thursday that New Zealand 's central bank should add debt-to-income ( DTI ) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country 's housing market .
EDEN PRAIRIE , Minn. — The Minnesota Vikings returned home from Carolina as a defeated team for the first time in 10 weeks , carrying with them a long list of cringe-worthy and uncharacteristic blunders that contributed to the loss .
The outcome , though , could actually work in their favour .
With all that post-season capital built up over the eight-game winning streak , the Vikings had a margin for the error they exhibited Sunday while being beaten by the Panthers 31-24 . Provided they can steer themselves back on track over the remaining three games on the schedule and maintain their grip on a first-round bye for the playoffs , they will have rid themselves of some sloppiness before it truly hurts them . They host the Cincinnati Bengals ( 5-8 ) this weekend .
`` It could be way worse . We 're in a good situation , and we 've just got to keep it going that way , '' said defensive end Everson Griffen , one of several upbeat players in the locker room Monday at team headquarters . `` We 're a very composed team , and I do n't think we 're going to let this get to us at all . We 're going to go back to work . We 're going to have that sense of urgency . ''
Playing on the road against a confident and deep team , the Vikings ( 10-3 ) trailed by one point at halftime despite an opening-drive interception thrown by Case Keenum , a 60-yard touchdown run by Jonathan Stewart against a defence that has surrendered few long gains all season , and rare dropped passes by Kyle Rudolph and Adam Thielen .
A reception by Rudolph likely would 've put the Vikings in field-goal range during a possession that ended in a punt . Thielen had two chances for a touchdown with the Vikings sniffing the end zone late in the second quarter , but after one throw hit him in the chest and bounced away , he bobbled another that was ruled incomplete by a replay review that angered head coach Mike Zimmer . Thielen sounded resigned to the controversial rule requiring receivers to fully control the ball without any movement when they hit the ground .
`` The ball moved a little bit , '' he said . `` That 's just how it is . ''
The second half included a fumble by Keenum that looked like an incomplete pass , leaving the Vikings unaware they needed to try to cover the ball , and a second interception off a bobble by Stefon Diggs .
`` We do n't want to have any mistakes , regardless , whether it 's now or later on , '' running back Latavius Murray said . `` But the fact that they 're right now and we still have everything we want in front of us , I think that 's a good thing . So it 's a chance for us to learn from that . ''
The Vikings fell one game behind Philadelphia for the NFC lead , though the Eagles lost quarterback Carson Wentz to a season-ending knee injury .
: A 38-year-old man allegedly killed his brother with an iron rod after he found him in a compromising position with his wife at their home in Talera area in Bundi district , police said today.The woman also suffered injuries and was undergoing treatment at Maharao Bhim Singh Hospital in Kota.ALSO READ : The accused , in a fit of rage , attacked his wife and his 35-year-old brother with an iron rod after he found them in compromising position last night , additional superintendent of police ( ASP ) of Bundi Dashrath Singh said , adding that while his brother died , his wife suffered serious injuries.The accused has been nabbed , police said .
NEW YORK Swiss bank UBS AG ( UBSG.S ) reported Friday that profits for its Wealth Management Americas business rose 8 percent over last year as higher operating income , client activity and cuts to recruiting offset higher employee pay doled out to top brokers .
UBS Wealth Management Americas Chief Executive Tom Naratil 's commitment to spend less on recruiting showed as the bank reported recruitment loans to financial advisers fell 9 percent to $ 2.9 billion ( 2.26 billion pounds ) , from $ 3.25 billion last year .
This includes new recruitment loans and existing ones for advisers that continue to be paid out over a period of several years .
UBS AG Chief Financial Officer Kirt Gardner said on a call with analysts that the U.S. wealth business had a higher concentration of recruitment loans from the years following the 2008 financial crisis when `` we had a high degree of recruitment . ''
`` We 've refocused our ( attention to ) retention rather than net recruiting ... and you 'll continue to see those loans come down , '' a benefit that will show up in lower expenses by the fourth quarter this year , Gardner said .
Compensation for new recruits fell 1 percent to $ 197 million this quarter from last year . The firm reported it had 6,969 advisers this quarter , down 176 from the first quarter last year and 56 fewer than in the fourth quarter last year .
Overall , financial adviser compensation rose 11 percent to $ 791 million this quarter from $ 714 million last year .
The results were in line with projections UBS Wealth Management Americas Chief Executive Tom Naratil made last summer when he announced they would back away from the aggressive and costly recruiting practices that had become an industry norm .
UBS 's North American wealth business is now aiming to have between 6,500 and 7,000 advisers , and to entice their top advisers to stay with the firm by paying them more .
However , slowing recruiting was a drag on the quarter 's net new money inflows . The firm reported $ 1.9 billion in net new money this quarter , down dramatically from $ 13.6 billion in net new money in the first quarter of 2016 .
During the first quarter last year , inflows were predominantly driven by money brought in by newly recruited advisers , according to the bank 's quarterly report .
( Editing by Bernadette Baum )
Cardi B got her husband Offset out of a motoring ticket earlier this week after she FaceTimed the police officer and agreed to have her picture with him .
The 'Bodak Yellow ' hitmaker intervened when the Migos rapper was stopped by cops on Monday ( 02.07.18 ) by speaking to the policeman via video message and helping to diffuse the situation .
Taking to his Twitter account , the 26-year-old rapper said : `` W H E N G O D S H O W S Y O U N O B I T C H C O M P A R E S ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Just got let go on a pull over for a FaceTime pic with my wife ( SHES THE BEST ) ( sic ) . ''
This is n't the first time the 25-year-old beauty has stuck up for her husband - whom she secretly married last year - when it comes to problems on the road as she took to her Twitter account last month to confirm that Offset had been involved in a car crash in Atlanta but insisted it was n't his fault because there was a `` crackhead '' on the road .
UPDATE 1-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
Three highlights from the paper emerge .
1 . Indonesia can meet its emissions target if it strengthens existing policies .
From former President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono 's initial move to voluntarily reduce Indonesia 's greenhouse gas emissions by 2020 , to President Joko “ Jokowi ” Widodo 's further commitment to a 29 percent to 41 percent reduction by 2030 in the NDC , Indonesia has increasingly stepped up its efforts against climate change . The 2015-2019 national development planning document set out several climate mitigation and adaptation targets , which provincial governments translated into domestic targets for climate action . Additionally , the Indonesian government has increased budgets for climate mitigation and adaptation efforts , as well as introduced fiscal policies to reduce emissions in energy and land use .
Despite these efforts , our study finds the carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) mitigation potential of these national policies and regulations in the land-use and energy sectors – including a moratorium on new forest and peatland concessions , peatland restoration , renewable energy mix targets , social forestry and degraded forest land rehabilitation – does not go far enough to meet Indonesia 's climate commitments . The quantitative analysis indicates that these existing measures would reduce emissions to approximately 2.3 gigatons of CO2 , overshooting the 2030 target of 2.0 gigatons .
However , existing policies in Indonesia are a good starting point and strengthening and extending them could have significant emission-abatement potential . Options could include continuing the forest moratorium through 2030 and expanding it to include secondary forests and forest areas under concession licenses ; restoring an additional 4.6 million hectares of degraded forest and peatland ; and implementing energy conservation policies .
Together , such actions could reduce 20 percent more carbon emissions than current policies , resulting in approximately 1.7 gigatons of CO2 emissions by 2030 . Successful implementation could lead Indonesia to meet its 29 percent reduction target and could have the potential to achieve even the 41 percent target , depending on what happens with other sectors and gases .
2 . Indonesia 's forest-moratorium policy has the largest mitigation potential .
The study indicates that Indonesia 's forest-moratorium policy has the largest mitigation potential overall . If implemented well and continued through 2030 , stopping the clearing and conversion of primary forest and peatland could avoid 188 million metric tons of CO2 emissions by 2030 . Further , if the current moratorium is extended to include secondary forests and removes exemptions for existing licenses , the benefits will double , with 427 million metric tons of CO2 cut by 2030 .
3 . The energy sector will start to dominate Indonesia 's carbon emissions in the next decade .
Although Indonesia 's land-use changes and peat fires are the two largest contributors to the nation 's carbon emissions , other factors affect the equation . The country 's projected population growth and growing economy will drive increased energy consumption . In turn , the WRI finds that the energy sector is likely to become the highest contributor to CO2 emissions sometime between 2026 and 2027 . This means that it is time to consider the mitigation potential of other sectors outside of land use .
Promoting a renewable energy mix target will require multiple policy directions , including , for example , a carbon tax on fossil-fuel power plants , replacing new development of coal-fired power plants with clean and renewable energy sources ( wind or solar ) , and providing subsidies and better feed-in tariffs for promoting renewable energy sources . In addition , energy conservation efforts need to be in place in anticipation of the increased energy demand .
Looking Ahead
To achieve its climate targets , Indonesia must give priority to full implementation of the key existing land-use and energy policies and start to implement more ambitious mitigation actions . The prerequisites for accomplishing these strategies are transparency and good governance . Acknowledging that climate change is a multidimensional , cross-sectoral issue will allow better vertical and horizontal collaboration , not only between government agencies , but also in coordination with businesses and civil society .
Indonesia needs to give priority to full implementation of the key existing land-use and energy policies to start to implement more ambitious mitigation actions .
The prerequisites for accomplishing these strategies are transparency and good governance .
Acknowledging that climate change is a multidimensional , cross-sectoral issue will allow better vertical and horizontal collaboration , not only between government agencies , but also in coordination with businesses and civil society .
Finally , an approach that prioritizes a commitment to action , institutionalizes climate-change measures at the national and local level , and establishes concrete collaboration to scale such efforts , could lead to real progress and position Indonesia as a leader in both sustainability efforts and economic development .
ORANGEBURG , S.C. — Trey Samuel ran for 153 yards and three touchdowns on 15 carries and South Carolina State scored 28 unanswered points in a 35-14 victory over Morgan State on Friday night .
The first six possessions of the second half ended in two safeties , two fumbles , a blocked field goal and an interception . Morgan State took a 14-7 lead after its two safeties but South Carolina State tied it on Quan Caldwell 's 29-yard catch with 4:41 left in the third quarter .
S.C. State opened the fourth with 21 points in less than three minutes .
Two plays after Morgan State 's fourth turnover , on a fumbled punt return , Samuel ran for a 15-yard touchdown to take a 21-14 lead . Darius Leonard intercepted a pass on Morgan State 's next possession and ran it back 12 yards to extend the Bulldogs ' lead and Samuel capped the scoring with an 89-yard TD run .
TOKYO — Belgian David Goffin reached a second straight Japan Open tennis final with a tense 7-6 ( 3 ) , 7-6 ( 6 ) victory over Argentina 's Diego Schwartzman on Saturday .
Goffin will face either Croatia 's Marin Cilic or Frenchman Adrian Mannarino in Sunday 's decider .
A Schwartzman double fault at 6-6 in the second tiebreak gifted Goffin a chance to serve for the match , which he converted .
With no breaks in the first set , Goffin took the initiative in the fifth game of the second . He served for the match at 5-4 only for Schwartzman to break back .
Goffin also held the upper hand in the tiebreak at 3-2 , before Schwartzman broke back two points later .
The victory extends Goffin 's winning streak to eight matches , including four in winning his first title since 2014 in Shenzhen last week .
He stands at No.10 in the Emirates ATP Race to London rankings . With the injured Novak Djokovic and Stan Wawrinka ruled out , 10th place is good enough to secure a spot at the end-of-season showpiece .
By David Hulmes , The Associated Press
LONDON May 2 Carrying a bundle of newspapers , former British finance minister George Osborne turned up on Tuesday to start work as a journalist , following last month 's shock announcement that he would take the reins of London 's main daily paper .
The new Evening Standard editor , who lost his job as finance minister last year after helping to lead the doomed campaign to stay in the European Union , will step down as a member of parliament in the June 8 general election .
Veteran journalists have mocked his lack of editorial experience and potential conflicts of interest .
He already has a part-time job with a salary of 650,000 pounds ( $ 836,810 ) a year for working 48 days at asset manager BlackRock , and earned hundreds of thousands of pounds giving speeches .
Once regarded as a future leader of Britain 's ruling Conservative Party , Osborne has opposed some of Prime Minister Theresa May 's policies and has said he wants the Evening Standard to be a `` fearless '' newspaper .
While at the University of Oxford , Osborne dabbled in student journalism and was proud enough of his efforts to display the two issues of the magazine he edited in his Downing Street flat while chancellor . ( $ 1 = 0.7768 pounds ) ( Reporting by Andy Bruce ; editing by Guy Faulconbridge )
* Oil sector accounts for 45 percent of gross domestic product
* Oil revenues declined as prices fell , companies cut jobs
* Opposition tapped into anger about economy
By Gerauds Wilfried Obangome and Edward McAllister
LIBREVILLE/DAKAR , March 28 Charles Lekabi lived comfortably as a driver for an oil company in Gabon 's industrial town of Port Gentil until he was laid off three years ago .
`` Today , I struggle to pay my rent , '' said Lekabi , who worked for French oil company Total for seven years before he was let go for economic reasons .
`` Since I was laid off , I bought a car to do taxi rides . At least with this car I can continue to feed my family . ''
A steep drop in oil prices in 2014 hit the oil industry worldwide . In OPEC member Gabon , production is in decline , the recovery is slow and may not come at all .
The oil sector has accounted for 80 percent of exports , 45 percent of gross domestic product , and 60 percent of budget revenue on average in the past five years , according to World Bank data .
With revenues declining and the population feeling the squeeze , President Ali Bongo is facing the strongest opposition in years and some social upheaval including a spate of strikes by oil workers demanding better pay and new contracts .
`` Depleting oil revenues are pushing Gabon 's economy towards the cliff edge , '' said Maja Bovcon , senior Africa analyst at global risk firm Verisk Maplecroft .
`` Gabon is confronted with an unlucky combination of political and economic circumstances . ''
Bongo said that economic growth last year was expected to have reached 3 percent , a slowdown from the average of 6 percent since he first took office in 2009 .
The budget was cut by over 5 percent in 2017 because of declining oil production and prices . Income per capita rocketed from $ 3,090 in 2000 to $ 10,410 in 2014 as oil prices shot higher . But it fell in 2015 for the first time in 15 years , as oil prices slid .
Companies including two of the largest producers Total and Royal Dutch Shell have scaled back , costing thousands of jobs . Exploration in deep water off the pristine Atlantic coastline that was supposed to make up for falling onshore output has yielded little .
The former French colony is also still reeling from a disputed election last September that turned violent in the beachside capital Libreville , harnessing anger among poor people who say oil revenues never trickle below the moneyed elite .
Bongo was initially handed victory , but opposition leader Jean Ping called the election a sham , declared himself president and demanded a recount in the Haut-Ogooue province , a Bongo stronghold where initial results showed the president won 95 percent of the votes on a 99.9 percent turnout .
The case went to the Constitutional Court , which ruled in Bongo 's favor .
Bongo , whose family has ruled the country of nearly 2 million for 49 years , has said he will diversify the economy beyond oil into mining , forestry and agriculture . He aims to rein in spending and increase social programs , though it is unclear how much progress has been made so far .
Bongo said last year Gabon was building a manufacturing industry for wood products instead of only exporting the raw commodity from its forests and was developing mining by producing manganese . He also said the government was distributing land to boost agriculture .
The International Monetary Fund said that progress had been made to diversify the economy but recommended `` decisive action '' to address short-term revenue problems , without elaborating .
In a statement in February the IMF said it had begun discussions about a `` possible financial arrangement '' with Gabon .
GETTING QUIETER
Oil companies are also looking closely at their operations in Gabon where production has dropped over 40 percent from a 1997 peak of 370,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration .
Last year , output reached just 230,000 bpd , according to consultancy Wood Mackenzie , which expects output to drop to 220,000 bpd in 2017 . Accelerated declines are forecast in 2018 and 2019 .
Citing volatile oil prices , Total in February said it had sold stakes in some of its mature Gabon assets to London-based Perenco . Shell , which has operated in Gabon for over 50 years , last week announced that it has sold its onshore assets in Gabon to Carlyle Group for $ 587 million .
Drilling in offshore prospects , where the hope for new oil is highest , has been at a standstill since August 2016 , according to Drillinginfo , which monitors rig activity in the region . There were nine offshore rigs operating in 2014 , four in 2015 , one in 2016 and none today , its data shows .
`` In Gabon , it is quiet and getting quieter , '' said Andrew Hayman , an Africa specialist at Drillinginfo . `` There has not been the success that there has been in Congo to the south . ''
Total this month said it had started production from its Moho Nord site off the coast of the Republic of Congo .
In Gabon , 3,000 oil workers have been laid off during the downturn , the oil workers union ONEP told Reuters . It said the oil sector and connected activities now account for between 8,000 and 11,000 jobs .
Oil worker strikes have flared up and interrupted production this year , fueled by what ONEP described in a statement this month as `` flagrant violations of human dignity '' .
At one site run by Maurel et Prom Gabon SA soldiers took over the site in February to ensure operations continued .
Former oil workers see their options dwindling .
Estelle , 27 , a former office worker for Perenco , was laid off two years ago , for economic reasons . She is still unemployed .
“ Today , I have to start from zero , ” she said .
( $ 1 = 612.1700 CFA francs ) ( Editing by Tim Cocks and Anna Willard )
A good birth story is an enduring piece of family lore that can be trotted out time and time again for birthdays , embarrassing wedding speeches and any given lull at holiday dinners .
Few are as good , though , as this : “ Remember when we had twins born in separate YEARS ? ”
Obviously the possibility comes around every New Year , but this year at least three separate sets of twins came into this world with the honor .
Mazel tov to these families and their new little ones , whose birth dates will undoubtedly frustrate and confuse teachers and friends for years to come .
San Diego : Twin girls were born at Sharp Mary Birch Hospital for Women and Newborns in Kearny Mesa . The first made her appearance at 11:56 p.m. on December 31 and the second brought the highest drama by being born at exactly midnight on January 1st .
Atlanta : These twins were born at Northside Hospital Cherokee in Canton , Georgia . The first , a girl , was born at 11:20 p.m , the hospital told CNN . Her brother was born an hour later at 12:20 a.m. on New Year 's Day .
Glendale , Arizona : Everett and Sawyer Shay were born at Banner Thunderbird Medical Center . Sawyer made a prompt entry at 11:50 p.m. on New Year 's Eve , while Everett arrived at 12:01 a.m. , making him the hospital 's first baby born in 2017 .
This birthday situation is pretty uncommon — last year , only one set of twins made the news for their unique 2015/2016 births , and that was also in San Diego .
However , we are seeing a rise in twin births in general , so New Year 's is bound to be an interesting date for many moms and dads in the future .
March 28 Panorama Synergy Ltd :
* Terry Walsh has decided to step down from his role as chairman and managing director of Panorama
* Board has appointed current non-executive director Gavin Coote as acting chairman Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Japan 's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga speaks to media during a news conference after the reports on the launch of a North Korean missile , at the prime minister 's office in Tokyo , Japan , in this photo taken by Kyodo February 12 , 2017 . Mandatory credit Kyodo/via REUTERS
TOKYO Japan 's top government spokesman said on Thursday that he was watching the currency market with a sense of urgency , stressing the importance of its stability , as the yen rose after U.S. President Donald Trump expressed concern about the strong dollar .
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga , while declining to comment on currency levels , told a regular news conference that markets are aware of geopolitical risks but that the U.S. and global economy remain on firm footing .
( Reporting by Tetsushi Kajimoto and Leika Kihara ; Editing by Kim Coghill )
WEST LONG BRANCH , N.J. — Jesus Cruz 's running floater in the paint with 2.1 seconds left gave Fairfield a 79-78 victory over Monmouth on Friday night .
With 9.1 seconds left and Fairfield inbounding from Monmouth 's end , Cruz took a pass just inside halfcourt and drove to the hoop where he split two defenders to put in a soft one-hander . A hurried 3-pointer by Monmouth 's Deion Hammond was short at the buzzer .
Cruz finished with 13 points . Tyler Nelson made five 3-pointers and scored 26 points with Ferron Flavors Jr. adding 10 points and Jonathan Kasibabu nine points and nine rebounds for the Stags ( 9-13 , 4-7 Metro Atlantic Athletic Association ) , who have won two straight with an overtime victory over Iona on Monday .
Zac Tillman scored 18 points , Ray Salnave 16 , Austin Tilghman 14 with nine assists and Hammond 10 points for the Hawks ( 7-15 , 3-7 ) .
The evolution of Jakson Group from a small electrical trading company to one of India 's leading energy and engineering solutions organization is now a case study published by Ivey Publishing , a unit of Ivey Business School at Western University , Canada . Ivey Publishing is a world leader in providing business case studies with a global perspective across the globe .
The case study title “ Jakson – Evolution of a Brand ” will be available for use by faculty members of premier business schools , publishers , and corporations worldwide for use in their classrooms , textbooks , workshops and seminars .
Established in the year 1947 , Jakson Group is one of India 's leading energy and engineering solutions company with businesses spanning Powergen & Distribution , Solar , EPC , Defence , Education and Hospitality . The company has an extensive presence in India with 2000 employees , 4 manufacturing facilities , 22 Sales Offices , 2 Service centers , 1 Global Training Centre and a wide network of channel partners and dealers . It has business operations in India , Bangladesh , Nepal , Singapore and Dubai . Jakson headquarters are located in Noida , India .
Professor Bipul Kumar of Indian Institute of Management Indore , who authored this case conducted a detailed study of Jakson Group , its history , business model , brand equity and growth over the years . He interacted with senior management including the promoters to understand the organization , and It 's functioning before creating the case study .
“ It is a proud moment for all of us at Jakson Group . When a reputed publisher like Ivey Publishing decides to include a case study on Jakson Group in its library for use in classroom teaching by leading business schools across the globe , it speaks volumes about the strength of brand Jakson , ” said Sameer Gupta , Chairman & Managing Director , Jakson Group .
“ Jakson is one of India 's oldest brands founded in the year 1947 . Over the past 70 years , we have been resilient and adapted our business to suit the ever changing market needs . This case study highlights this strength of our brand , ” added Sundeep Gupta , Vice-Chairman & Managing Director , Jakson Group .
South Africa 's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan walks with his deputy , Mcebisi Jonas as they walk from their offices to a court hearing in Pretoria , South Africa , March 28,2017 . REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
JOHANNESBURG South African President Jacob Zuma 's decision to dismiss Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has severe consequences for the economy and is a setback to the work done to avoid a credit ratings downgrade , a group of business leaders said on Friday .
`` This decision , and the manner in which it was taken , is likely to cause severe damage to an economy that is in dire need of growth and jobs , '' said the CEO Initiative , an organisation that includes the chief executives of Nedbank ( NEDJ.J ) , Standard Bank ( SBKJ.J ) , the JSE ( JSEJ.J ) and Investec ( INLJ.J ) .
( Reporting by TJ Strydom ; Editing by Alison Williams )
March 31 Isetan ( Singapore ) Ltd :
* Jun Yokoyama will step down as chairman of board with effect from 1 April 2017
* Toshihiko Nakagome will be appointed a non-executive and non-independent director and chairman of board of company Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Architect claims NY 's One World Trade Center stole his design
NEW YORK , June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan 's One World Trade Center , claiming that the building bears a `` striking similarity '' to a tower he designed in 1999 while in graduate school .
OTTAWA — The Ottawa Senators signed forward Magnus Paajarvi to a US $ 900,000 , one-year contract extension Wednesday .
The 27-year-old Swede had six goals and two assists in 35 games with the Senators last season after being claimed off waivers from the St. Louis Blues .
`` We 're happy to have Magnus back in Ottawa , '' Senators general manager Pierre Dorion said in a release . `` He showed us last season that he can play the game with speed , which fits with the style of play we want our team to exhibit .
`` Magnus is a versatile player who will be able to provide us productive minutes in many situations . ''
March 30 Groupe ConcoursMania SA :
* FY net loss group share 473,170 euros ( $ 509,368 ) versus loss of 1.4 million euros year ago
* FY revenue 13.8 million euros versus 17.0 million euros year ago
* FY EBITDA 0.9 million euros versus loss of 0.7 million euros year ago
* 2020 strategic plan : targets double-digit average annual growth of gross profit and a double-digit EBITDA margin from next year
* Gradually to adopt its commercial name `` Actiplay '' , hitherto used exclusively for BtoB ; in France and abroad , group will operate under this name .
* This new commercial name will be proposed as the new official name of the company at the next AGM Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9289 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Reports by The New York Times and The Observer of London say U.S. President Donald Trump 's 2016 campaign hired Cambridge Analytica to collect private information from the Facebook profiles of more than 50 million users .
The reports say the firm exploited private social media activity to help allow the Trump campaign to better target voters by profiling their behaviour and personalities ahead of the U.S. election .
On Saturday , Trump 's campaign denied using the firm 's data , saying it relied on the Republican National Committee for its information .
In a statement Monday , Cambridge Analytica `` strongly denied '' the allegations that it had improperly obtained Facebook data . It also denied that the Facebook data was used by the Trump campaign and says it did n't work on the Brexit referendum .
The company insisted Wylie was a contractor , not a founder .
Facebook has denied the data collection was a breach because people knowingly provided their information . The company has said University of Cambridge psychology professor Aleksandr Kogan accessed the information after he requested it from users who gave their consent when they chose to sign up for his test via his Facebook app .
Facebook has also said it would ban Cambridge Analytica , saying the company improperly obtained information from 270,000 people who downloaded Kogan 's app . Facebook first learned of the breach more than two years ago , but has n't disclosed it until now .
On Monday , Facebook said it hired a digital forensics firm to conduct a comprehensive audit of Cambridge Analytica to determine if the Facebook data the company collected still exists or if it 's been destroyed . Cambridge Analytica agreed to give the auditor complete access to its servers and systems , Facebook said .
The social-media giant said it 's also asked Wylie and Kogan to submit to an audit as well . It said Kogan has given his verbal agreement to do so and Wylie has declined .
The Facebook data breach exposed by Wylie in recent days has caused a commotion on both sides of the Atlantic and has caught the attention of Canada 's privacy watchdog .
`` Recent media reports regarding the use of personal information posted on Facebook for political purposes raise serious privacy concerns , '' Privacy Commissioner Daniel Therrien said in the statement .
`` Our office will be reaching out to Facebook to seek information regarding whether Canadians ' personal information was affected by the issues raised in those reports . That will help us determine possible next steps . ''
Therrien also said his office has offered to assist an investigation into the matter already launched by the U.K. information commissioner 's office . He said his ultimate goal is to ensure that the privacy rights of Canadian Facebook users are protected .
On Monday , Wylie told NBC 's `` Today '' in an interview that Cambridge Analytica used data to create profiling algorithms that enabled the company to `` explore mental vulnerabilities of people . '' It enabled the firm to inject information into different forms of online content , so that people saw things that may not have been true , he said .
`` This is a company that really took fake news to the next level , '' Wylie said .
He also said he had left Cambridge Analytica before it joined the Trump campaign . But he added he knew the company met with Trump 's former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski in 2015 , before Trump had announced his candidacy .
Follow @ AndyBlatchford on Twitter
— with files from Associated Press
By Andy Blatchford , The Canadian Press
( Adds comment , bitcoin futures , details , table , byline ) By Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss NEW YORK , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Speculators ' net short U.S. dollar bets increased in the latest week to their highest since mid-October , according to calculations by Reuters and Commodity Futures Trading Commission data released on Friday . The value of the net short dollar position , derived from net holdings of International Monetary Market speculators in the yen , euro , British pound , Swiss franc and Canadian and Australian dollars , was $ 13.73 billion , in the week to Jan. 30 . The previous week 's net short position on the dollar was $ 11.47 billion . In a wider measure of dollar positioning that includes net contracts on the New Zealand dollar , Mexican peso , Brazilian real and Russian rouble , the U.S. dollar posted a net short position valued at $ 17.48 billion , compared with $ 14.458 billion . Sentiment on the dollar remained bearish , with net short positions rising for a fifth straight week . Speculators have been short the greenback for seven straight months . On Friday , U.S. job growth surged in January and wages increased further , recording their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years and the dollar rallied on that . But many in the market remained skeptical this goodwill for the dollar could be sustained . `` Whether the jobs report 's substantially positive impact on the U.S. dollar on Friday results in any bonafide rebound and recovery for the ailing currency remains to be seen , '' said James Chen , head of research at FOREX.com in Bedminster , New Jersey . `` However , the anticipation of higher interest rates was strong and increasing well before Friday 's jobs data , and it still failed to provide the greenback with any respite from its persistent weakness . '' The dollar index has been down 3.2 percent so far this year , after posting a 10 percent loss in 2017 . Speculators , meanwhile , pushed up net short positions on bitcoin futures traded on CBOE Global Markets to 2,139 contracts this week , from 1,746 short contracts the previous week , CFTC data showed . Bitcoin on Friday fell as much as 15 percent , falling below $ 8,000 at one point , amid worries about a regulatory clampdown globally . On Thursday , India vowed to eradicate the use of crypto-assets , joining China and South Korea in promising to ban parts of the nascent market where prices have boomed in recent years . The digital currency has come off its lowest level and was last down more than 5 percent at $ 8,505 on the Luxembourg-based Bitstamp platform . Japanese Yen ( Contracts of 12,500,000 yen ) $ 13.182 billion Jan. 30 , 2018 Prior week week Long 47,828 37,260 Short 162,524 160,130 Net -114,696 -122,870 EURO ( Contracts of 125,000 euros ) $ -23.055 billion Jan. 30 , 2018 Prior week week Long 258,022 262,175 Short 109,280 117,458 Net 148,742 144,717 POUND STERLING ( Contracts of 62,500 pounds sterling ) $ -2.806 billion Jan. 30 , 2018 Prior week week Long 95,667 99,369 Short 63,926 66,324 Net 31,741 33,045 SWISS FRANC ( Contracts of 125,000 Swiss francs ) $ 2.72 billion Jan. 30 , 2018 Prior week week Long 16,673 14,245 Short 37,000 36,360 Net -20,327 -22,115 CANADIAN DOLLAR ( Contracts of 100,000 Canadian dollars ) $ -2.714 billion Jan. 30 , 2018 Prior week week Long 75,296 69,446 Short 41,831 46,889 Net 33,465 22,557 AUSTRALIAN DOLLAR ( Contracts of 100,000 Aussie dollars ) $ -1.063 billion Jan. 30 , 2018 Prior week week Long 63,496 63,551 Short 50,345 46,872 Net 13,151 16,679 MEXICAN PESO ( Contracts of 500,000 pesos ) $ -2.133 billion Jan. 30 , 2018 Prior week week Long 110,923 97,964 Short 30,878 36,809 Net 80,045 61,155 NEW ZEALAND DOLLAR ( Contracts of 100,000 New Zealand dollars ) $ -0.254 billion Jan. 30 , 2018 Prior week week Long 29,667 24,620 Short 26,197 26,086 Net 3,470 -1,466 ( Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss ; Editing by Susan Thomas and Chizu Nomiyama )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. - Lisa Patten , Executive Director of the Bon Secours Evelyn D. Reinhart Guest House shared about the 4th Annual Rockin ' on the Avenue . The annual fundraiser event raises funds and community awareness for the Reinhart Guest House .
Located on the Libbie Avenue side of the St. Mary 's campus , the 14,000-square-foot Evelyn D. Reinhart Guest House has 16 guest rooms and common areas for families to eat , relax , play , work and pray . This home away from home brings patients ' families together in a place where they can experience healing and community together .
Rockin ' on the Avenue 2018
Thursday , June 7 from 6 p.m. - 9 p.m .
1100 Libbie Avenue - Richmond
Tickets : $ 50 per person
Call for details : ( 804 ) 281-8521 Or visit : http : //reinharthouse.com
{ THIS SEGMENT IS SPONSORED BY BON SECOURS EVELYN D. REINHART GUEST HOUSE }
Russian President Vladimir Putin attends a session of the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk , Russia March 30 , 2017 . REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
ARKHANGELSK , Russia Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday he was ready to meet U.S. president Donald Trump at an Arctic summit in Finland .
Russian president made this remark responding to his Finnish counterpart , who said he would be happy to receive Russian and U.S. presidents in Finland .
( Reporting by Oxana Kobzeva ; writing by Maria Tsvetkova ; editing by VLadimir Soldatkin )
April 28 Danske Bank A/S :
* Q1 net profit 5.5 billion DKK versus 4.46 billion seen in Reuters poll ( 4.9 BLN DKK in Q1 2016 )
* Q1 net interest income 5.7 billion DKK versus 5.68 billion seen in Reuters poll ( 5.26 bln DKK in Q1 2016 )
* Q1 net trading income 2.7 billion DKK versus 1.88 billion seen in Reuters poll ( 1.60 bln DKK in Q1 2016 )
* Q1 pretax profit 7.14 billion DKK versus 5.98 billion seen in Reuters poll ( 6.27 bln DKK in Q1 2016 )
* Says return on shareholders ' equity of 14.4 percent
* Repeats expect net profit for 2017 to be in range of DKK 17-19 billion ( EUR 2,285.6-2,554.5 million )
* Says we maintain our longer-term ambition for a return on shareholders ' equity of at least 12.5 percent
* Says loan impairment charges remained low , with net reversals of DKK 0.2 billion ( EUR 31.6 million ) in Q1 of 2017
* CEO Thomas Borgen says the Nordic economies are generally doing better , and this benefited our performance
* Borgen says loan impairments in 2017 are expected to remain low , although higher than in 2016
* `` Driven especially by our activities in Norway and Sweden , aggregate lending grew 1 % in the first quarter of 2017 and was 4 % higher than lending for the year-earlier period '' Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Stine Jacobsen and Nikolaj Skydsgaard )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - MTY Food Group Inc :
* A SECOND LEADING INDEPENDENT PROXY ADVISORY FIRM RECOMMENDS APPROVAL OF IMVESCOR-MTY COMBINATION
* IMVESCOR RESTAURANT GROUP - GLASS LEWIS & CO RECOMMENDS APPROVAL OF DEAL WITH MTY FOOD GROUP Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
SANTIAGO The Chilean government will grant asylum to a Venezuelan opposition politician who is currently in its ambassador 's residence in Caracas if he asks for it , Chile 's foreign minister said on Thursday .
Venezuelan opposition COPEI party members Roberto Enriquez and Eduardo Vetancourt on Wednesday walked into the Chilean ambassador 's residence in Caracas and asked for protection from the government .
Earlier in the week , vice president of the ruling Socialist Party , Diosdado Cabello , accused the pair of conspiring to overthrow Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro . COPEI said the two had been arrested by military intelligence agents under accusations of `` rebellion '' and `` treason . ''
`` If he asks for political asylum , we 'll give it to him ... It 's a humanitarian situation , '' Chilean foreign minister , Heraldo Munoz , said in a recorded statement to journalists .
It was not immediately clear if he was referring to Enriquez , Vetancourt , or both .
In a controversial move last week , Venezuela 's Supreme Court ruled that it was assuming functions of the opposition-led National Assembly , a move that was partially reversed .
Critics viewed the ruling as a step toward dictatorship by Maduro 's Socialist Party , which has ruled for 18 years , and the court ruling brought unusually strong condemnation from leaders throughout Latin America .
On Wednesday , Cabello transmitted , via a weekly television program he hosts , a tape of alleged conversations between Vetancourt and an undercover intelligence agent . In the tape , Vetancourt is heard talking of possible armed attacks in Caracas that would precipitate a U.S. invasion .
According to the recording , which has not been verified by any independent party , the plot would have had the blessing of U.S . Senator Marco Rubio .
Opposition politicians and activists in Venezuela say the Maduro government frequently fabricates evidence in order to jail opponents for political reasons , while the government claims it is under constant attack from imperialist foes .
( Reporting by Gram Slattery ; Editing by Bernadette Baum )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
AURORA | The Aurora prep sports schedule for Wednesday , Feb. 15 , 2017 :
Courtney Oakes is Aurora Sentinel Sports Editor . Reach him at 303-750-7555 or sports @ aurorasentinel.com . Twitter : @ aurorasports . FB : Aurora Prep Sentinel
AURORA PREP SPORTS SCHEDULE
BOYS BASKETBALL
Aurora Central at Gateway , 7 p.m .
Chaparral at Regis Jesuit , 7 p.m .
Cherokee Trail at Arapahoe , 7 p.m .
Cherry Creek at Grandview , 7 p.m .
Mullen at Overland , 7 p.m .
Smoky Hill at Eaglecrest , 7 p.m .
GIRLS BASKETBALL
Aurora Central at Gateway , 5:30 p.m .
Cherry Creek at Grandview , 5:30 p.m .
Smoky Hill at Eaglecrest , 5:30 p.m .
Arapahoe at Cherokee Trail , 7 p.m .
Overland at Mullen , 7 p.m .
Feb 2 ( OPTA ) - Results and fixtures for the Friendlies on Friday ( start times are GMT ) Friendlies 2 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Azerbaijan v Kosovo cancelled Azerbaijan v Georgia cancelled Azerbaijan v Kosovo cancelled Azerbaijan v Georgia cancelled Saturday , February 3 fixtures ( GMT ) Korea Republic v Latvia ( 1430 )
Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily Three-Evening ' game
INDIANAPOLIS ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Indiana Lottery 's `` Daily Three-Evening '' game were :
0-5-7 , SB : 6
( zero , five , seven ; SB : six )
A DLR train crosses a bridge in front of construction work in early morning mist in London 's Canary Wharf financial district , Britain March 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Russell Boyce
LONDON Britain said it would seek to introduce the world 's first public register of the owners of foreign companies which own property in the country , in response to growing public unease that buyers are hiding behind obscure legal entities .
London property especially has attracted foreign buyers in recent years thanks to its mix of top-end apartments , luxury penthouses and gleaming skyscrapers alongside corporations who use the city as global hub .
`` While the government welcomes legitimate foreign investment in the UK , overseas investors in the UK property market have also included criminals laundering the proceeds of crime , '' the business ministry said on Wednesday .
The register would show the beneficial owners of real estate owned by foreign companies and other legal entities , it said .
The vast majority of overseas companies that own property in London are registered in tax havens , according to a report by Transparency International UK and Thomson Reuters released late last year .
The release of the `` Panama Papers '' last year also shone a light on firms and individuals who use complex structures to base themselves abroad , putting the issue of tax avoidance at the top of the global agenda .
The government is asking overseas investors , property and transparency experts to submit evidence until May 15 as it assesses what impact the register might have on inward investment .
Firms are already required to register with Britain 's corporate register , Companies House .
( Reporting by Costas Pitas ; editing by Stephen Addison )
Winterfest
It 's Hamilton bringing winter and community together . The 40th annual Hamilton Winterfest runs Feb. 3-19 . These 17 fun-filled days explore everything your community has to offer from free skating , writing workshops , a Hamilton Philharmonic Orchestra family concert and activities in community parks .
This weekend , some of the activities include :
Saturday — Gage Park Winterfest , 12-3 p.m. , 1000 Main St. E. , enjoy wagon rides and a barbecue ; Seedy Saturday , 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. , 20 Bonaparte Way , annual mid-winter gardening workshop ; family story time at Hamilton Public Library Central Branch , 10:30 a.m. ; Hamilton Philharmonic Orchestra family concert — `` Pinocchio '' at the McIntyre Performing Arts Centre , 11-3 p.m. Tickets are $ 10 .
And Sunday — Gourley Park Winterfest , Brigadoon Drive at Duncairn Crescent. , 12-2 p.m. , geared for families and mostly for kids under 14 ; Japanese movies at Central Library , 2 p.m. ; Learn to curl at the Hamilton Victoria Curling Club , 568 King St. E. , 3-6 p.m .
Of course , free skating events include : Saturday — Stoney Creek Arena , 37 King St. W. , from 10:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. ; Coronation Arena , 81 Macklin St. N. , 5:30 p.m.-7 p.m. ; Dave Andreychuk Mountain Arena , 25 Hester St. , 5:30 p.m.-7 p.m .
Outdoor skating with rentals is available daily throughout the festival at Pier 8 from 6-10 p.m. , 47 Discovery Dr .
Steeltown Climb
How can you step up to make a difference in the lives of those affected by lung disease ? Here in the Hammer it 's 533 steps , 26 storeys and 338 vertical feet . The Steeltown Climb is a friendly stair climb for lung research . Step to it on Saturday starting at 10 a.m. at Stelco Tower , 100 King St. W. Starting at 10 a.m. , participants will be escorted to the start line in groups of 10 , and start every minute or so . The general entry fee is $ 38 and $ 19 for students aged 19 and under . support.on.lung.ca .
Bulldogs
Turkey issues decree adjusting laws to presidential system
Photo : AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Turkey 's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , right , and Prime Minister Binali Yildirim , left , carry the coffin of historian Fuat Sezgin after funeral prayers at Fatih Mosque in Istanbul , Sunday , July 1 , 2018 , a week after landmark presidential and parliamentary elections in which Erdoğan has secured an executive presidency with sweeping powers . ( Presidential Press Service via AP , Pool ) less Turkey 's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , right , and Prime Minister Binali Yildirim , left , carry the coffin of historian Fuat Sezgin after funeral prayers at Fatih Mosque in Istanbul , Sunday , July 1 , 2018 , a ... more Photo : AP Turkey issues decree adjusting laws to presidential system 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
ANKARA , Turkey ( AP ) — Turkey has issued a decree to adjust its current laws to a new presidential system that comes into effect with last month 's presidential and parliamentary elections .
The decree issued Wednesday changes the wording in some 5,000 laws , removing references to the prime minister — whose office has been abolished — and transferring some powers to the president .
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan won the presidential election on June 24 with 52.6 percent of the vote , according to results which have yet to be confirmed by Turkey 's electoral council .
Erdoğan will now rule with substantially expanded powers in line with constitutional changes that were narrowly approved in a referendum last year .
He is expected to be sworn in over the weekend .
PARIS A French interior ministry spokesman said on Thursday that a second policeman had not died of his wounds from an attack in Paris , as had been earlier reported .
But he said that , apart from the policeman killed on the spot by the attacker , two police officers had been seriously wounded .
`` An automatic weapon was used against police , a weapon of war , '' the spokesman , Pierre-Henry Brandet , told reporters , adding that the `` terrorist threat '' in the country remained high .
Brandet said the shooting started at shortly after 9 p.m. when a car stopped alongside a stationary police car . `` A man immediately got out and opened fire on the police car , fatally wounding a police officer ... He also wounded a second one , it would seem very seriously , '' he said .
The identity of the attacker , who was killed , had not yet been definitely established , he said .
( Reporting by Ingrid Melander ; Editing by Richard Balmforth and Sarah White )
INDEPENDENCE , Ohio — Cleveland Cavaliers centre Tristan Thompson could play for the first time since Nov. 1 on Tuesday against Atlanta .
Thompson has been sidelined with a strained left calf . The team initially said Thompson would be out for up to four weeks , but he said Monday that timeline was inaccurate and that his injury was more serious . Thompson did not divulge any other details about the injury .
Coach Tyronn Lue says Thompson will not start when he returns , meaning Kevin Love will remain at centre . Thompson says he 's fine with a reserve role and made it clear he 's willing to do whatever Lue needs .
The Cavaliers have won 14 of 15 and their defence has improved dramatically over the past month .
Sixteen flu-related deaths were reported Friday by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in its weekly flu report . This brings the total number of pediatric flu-related deaths to 53 for the season , which began in October .
According to the report , influenza activity is now widespread in 48 states and Puerto Rico , down from 49 states in the previous two weeks . Oregon joined Hawaii in lower activity levels for the week ending January 27 .
Related : Virginia child dies , family blames flu
“ Our latest tracking data indicate that flu activity is still high and widespread across most of the nation and increasing overall , ” said Dr. Anne Schuchat , the acting CDC director . “ So far this year , the cumulative rate of hospitalizations is the highest since we 've been tracking in this way , which goes back to 2010 .
“ This is a very difficult season , ” she said .
Caused by viruses , flu is a contagious respiratory illness with mild to severe symptoms that can sometimes lead to death .
The CDC also recorded an uptick in the percentage of patients who visited health care providers complaining of influenza-like illness across the nation : 7.1 % of patients for the week ending January 27 , up from 6.5 % , the newly revised estimated from the previous week .
“ We have not hit our peak yet , unfortunately , ” CDC spokeswoman Kristen Nordlund said . “ Really , the bottom line is , there is still likely many more weeks to go . ”
Schuchat said there are hopeful signals within the CDC 's latest report .
“ For the second week in a row , there are signs that activity in the West may be easing up , ” she said . “ However , we are by no means out of the woods . ”
One of the worst in years
This year 's flu season is rivaling the worst in recent years , according to Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the US National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases .
Overall , the data showed 17,024 new laboratory-confirmed cases of illness during the week ending January 27 , bringing the season total to 126,117 . These numbers do not include all the people who have had the flu , as many do not see a doctor when sick .
The CDC has received reports of antiviral drug shortages in some places , Schuchat said . “ However , the manufacturers say that there 's product available . Pharmacists may want to increase supply on their shelves , and patients may have to call more than one pharmacy to fill their prescription . ”
US Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb said in statement Thursday that some antivirals as well as flu tests are in short supply . “ However , at this time , there is no nationwide shortage of these products , ” Gottlieb said .
Flu vaccines also have been reported in short supply , but they are still available , Gottlieb said . “ I strongly encourage anyone who has n't had a flu shot to get one and anyone experiences flu-like symptoms to promptly consult with their health care provider about appropriate treatment options . ”
Circulating virus strains
Circulating virus strains included both B strains ( Yamagata and Victoria ) , H1N1 and H3N2 , according to the CDC . “ It 's an H3N2 year , ” Fauci said .
Historically , H3N2 strains have been “ bad actors , ” he said , known to cause more complications , hospitalizations and deaths .
This virus strain is also a challenge to this year 's flu vaccine . Researchers in Canada reported in a recent study that the vaccine proved only 10 % effective against the H3N2 virus , though the flu shot provided more protection against other currently circulating strains .
“ News from Canada is similar to what Australia reported , ” Schuchat said , adding that the CDC 's interim report on preliminary vaccine effectiveness will be published in a couple of weeks . “ This is consistent with our concerns . ”
The hospitalization rate for the fourth week of 2018 is about 51 people per 100,000 , higher than in the fourth week of the 2014-15 season , which recorded about 43 people hospitalized per 100,000 . The 2014-15 flu season was considered “ moderately severe ” by the CDC and has been used as a comparison to the current season .
Dr. Dan Jernigan , director of the influenza division at the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases , said “ lots of flu occurring nationwide simultaneously over several weeks — this is an unusual pattern for flu in the US . This season is turning out to be a particularly challenging one . ”
The 2014-15 season had an estimated 710,000 hospitalizations by its end , he said . This season , cumulative hospitalizations rates in California are four times higher than at this time in 2014-15 , while rates in Oregon and Minnesota are double those seen in 2014-15 .
If this trend continues , the 2017-18 season “ may well exceed ” total hospitalizations during the 2014-15 season , Jernigan said .
About half of the children who have been hospitalized this season for flu-related causes have no underlying conditions , and Jernigan said about half of the 53 children who died were “ otherwise healthy . ”
The CDC has tracked pediatric deaths since 2004 , he said , and “ since that time , they 've ranged from 37 to 171 during regular seasons ; the highest was during the 2009 pandemic , when 358 pediatric deaths were reported . ”
The 2017-18 flu season “ unquestionably falls into the bucket of a severe year , ” Fauci said .
“ This year , 2017-18 , for a strikingly long part of the season , completely parallels the 2014-15 year , ” he said . “ Except that last week or the week before , 2014-15 started to plateau and turn around — but 2017-18 continued to go up .
“ We very well may start to see it peak and turn around , ” Fauci said of the current flu season . “ I hope it does , because if it does n't , it will be an even worse year than we 're thinking . ”
SHANGHAI , April 9 Max Verstappen made certain of leaving a lasting impression on Lewis Hamilton by putting in a storming drive to go from near the back of the grid to the podium in Sunday 's Formula One Chinese Grand Prix .
The triple world champion and the teenaged Red Bull driver engaged in some light-hearted banter on the podium , with Hamilton , while summing up the race , hesitating mid-sentence and seemingly forgetting Verstappen 's name before calling him “ this young guy here '' .
“ You always call me ‘ this guy ' , ” responded a smiling Verstappen , who was sharing the podium with Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel together for the first time .
“ I do ? Okay , this dude , this dude , ” Hamilton said , putting his arm around the 19-year-old Dutchman 's shoulder .
Verstappen started Sunday 's race 16th after a misfiring engine hobbled him in qualifying .
He made rapid progress up the field , overtaking nine cars in the damp and treacherous conditions on the first lap alone .
He ran as high as second behind Hamilton and fended off late-race pressure from teammate Daniel Ricciardo to finish third and give Red Bull their 100th podium place .
Asked if passing all those cars on the opening lap felt like playing a video game , Verstappen said : “ More or less . It felt a bit like that .
“ I gained one or two positions and then ... trying to go round the outside in turn one , I got another car , ” he added later , taking journalists through his first-lap heroics that won him the fans ' vote as driver of the day .
“ Then inside turn two , another car , outside turn three ... always trying to go around the outside or inside and it worked . Yeah , nine cars is quite a lot on one lap . ”
Verstappen , son of former racer Jos , has taken Formula One by storm since he made his debut two years ago as a 17-year-old .
His racecraft and uncompromising approach to overtaking have also won him a legion of fans .
Some of his drives — such as his thrilling display of bravery and skill at a drenched Interlagos last year — have even drawn comparisons with greats Ayrton Senna and Michael Schumacher .
He has , though , also ruffled some feathers , clashing most notably with Ferrari drivers Kimi Raikkonen and Vettel .
Hamilton , though , has been among his staunchest supporters and was again full of admiration for his young rival on Sunday .
“ I quite like him up here next to us , ” he said . “ I think he 's been a real breath of fresh air for everyone. ” ( Editing by Clare Fallon )
( Adds links , background on U.S. nuclear reactors )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Exelon Corp said on Friday it will shut the Oyster Creek nuclear power plant in New Jersey in October 2018 , about a year earlier than planned .
In an agreement with New Jersey in 2010 , Exelon said it would shut the plant by December 2019 rather than install costly cooling towers to reduce the amount of water it removes from the Barnegat Bay for cooling purposes .
Exelon said the earlier closure will allow it to meet that commitment while helping about 500 employees at the plant to find jobs elsewhere in the company as well as manage costs .
The company also said the decision will help it better manage resources as fuel and maintenance costs continue to rise amid historically low power prices .
The U.S. nuclear industry has been suffering for several years as cheap and abundant natural gas from shale formations has depressed power prices , making it uneconomic for many reactors to continue operating .
Over the past five years , U.S. nuclear operators have shut six reactors and plan to shut another six reactors over the next five years .
The 99 nuclear reactors operating in the United States provide about 20 percent of the nation 's power .
Oyster Creek , located about 60 miles ( 97 kilometers ) east of Philadelphia in Ocean County , New Jersey , is one of the oldest operating reactors in the United States . It entered service in 1969 and is capable of generating about 608 megawatts of power .
One megawatt can power about 1,000 U.S. homes .
By Abby Hassler
Halsey is not one to endure injustice quietly . The “ Now or Never ” singer has joined forces with Center for Health and Gender Equity to speak out against the Trump administration 's Global Gag Rule and support the Global HER Act .
Related : Halsey Interview : I will Never Get Used to People Liking My Music
In a new video produced by ART NOT WAR , Halsey speaks about the life-threatening consequences the rule can have for women around the world . Trump 's rule prevents organizations from receiving U.S. family planning funding if they educate the public or their government about the need for safe abortion services .
Halsey has already been vocal online about women 's rights , but now is urging people to voice their support of the new bill introduced Senator Jeanne Shaheen and Representative Nita Lowey .
Watch the full video here .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
MEXICO CITY ( AP ) `` Mexican authorities say a person has been killed and two injured in a fireworks explosion on the outskirts of the nation 's capital .
A statement from the Mexico State government says a woman died when a clandestine powder cache blew up in the city of Chalco on Tuesday afternoon . A woman and a boy suffered minor injuries . Authorities are investigating .
The statement says a separate explosion ripped through five stalls at a fireworks market in Zumpango . Only material damage was reported .
Deadly fireworks explosions happen semi-regularly in Mexico , often in communities where the local economy depends in large part on the manufacture and sale of such materials .
Advertisement
In May , an errant firecracker set off a fireworks cache in the town of San Isidro , Puebla state . Eleven children and three adults died .
A woman is silhouetted against a monitor showing Tokyo 2020 Olympics and Paralympics emblems during the Olympic and Paralympic flag-raising ceremony at Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building in Tokyo , Japan , September 21 , 2016 . REUTERS/Toru Hanai
The International Surfing Association is confident the sport 's Olympic debut at the Tokyo 2020 Games will be a success despite some minor concerns over conditions , ISA president Fernando Aguerre said on Wednesday .
The surfing competition will take place from July 24 and Aug. 9 at Ichinomiya 's Tsurigasaki Beach instead of on artificial waves , leading to the fears that waves in the summer months may not be sufficient for the competition .
Aguerre , however , believes advanced weather forecasts will help the ISA organise the competition efficiently .
`` We have a 10-year history of the place -- the surfing direction , size , swirl , wind , everything , so we 're not surprised about how it 's going to be , '' Aguerre told insidethegames.biz , a sports website focussed on the Olympic Movement .
`` The technology right now allows us 72 hours of forecast ahead of time of how the waves are going to be . We need two eight-hour days to run the competition so I think it 's very , very positive . ''
Surfing is one of five new sports approved by the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) for Tokyo , along with skateboarding , karate , sports climbing and baseball/softball , which returns after being dropped following the 2008 Olympics .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
You do n't love him , you drift back mostly for the ( false ) security of having a boyfriend .
Meanwhile , he 's stuck there . Neither of you are even trying to move forward with your lives .
Do you know if he 's self-medicating his depressed state with excess drinking or drug use while alone ?
If you have any real feelings for him , become his friend , not his girlfriend . Insist that he see his doctor about his depression and also get counselling for any other anxieties or addictions contributing to it .
Urge him to get proactive about finding another job , and addressing his state of mental health and fitness .
Then , stop holding onto him as your `` fallback boyfriend . ''
Not going was a mistake
Q . Last Christmas , my younger son decided to get his three siblings to chip in to replace my old , broken , favourite chair .
He chose one I did n't like and an inconvenient delivery date , so I upgraded the chair ( by $ 400 ) and set a new delivery date . He was annoyed by this and has n't spoken to me since .
His wife graciously tried to keep me connected with their young children . We were close and I babysat often .
Recently , there was a religious ceremony to which she invited me , but no word about an after-party .
It was an awkward time for me at the church , so I went home after slipping her a card and cash for my grandson .
Now everyone 's angry that I did n't go to the house . ( Due to the strained situation , I did n't assume a reception invitation . )
I 've reached out to both and apologized . Neither has replied . Everyone is very hurt .
What can I do to make this right if they wo n't reply ?
A . You 've made the first good move by apologizing and explaining , presumably by email or phone .
They must 've been embarrassed by your visible absence at the house party , likely attended by friends as well as many relatives .
Send a handwritten note along with flowers .
Say that you now realize that by not showing up , which you acknowledge was a mistake , it must have caused gossip and speculation that should n't have happened at all , especially not on that religious occasion .
Suggest that you 'll host a gathering of family to acknowledge that celebration , hoping to clear the air so you can reconnect as the loving grandmother they know you to be .
Feedback : Regarding the husband who 'd been a heavy smoker and drinker and now has heartburn issues ( May 4 ) :
Reader # 1 : `` My fiancé is also a heavy smoker and drinker who then developed a heartburn issue .
`` It turned out to be esophageal cancer . Maybe he should be checked for that ? ''
Ellie — The husband has already been diagnosed with scleroderma , which can range from mild to life-threatening .
He 's under a physician 's care so has likely been checked for other heartburn causes . Still , yours is a thoughtful suggestion . Thanks .
Reader # 2 : `` I can relate to the stigma around the husband 's illness , including depression , anxiety and chronic pain .
`` I found that the partners I 've had ( and family ) all thought I could help what I was going through .
`` They 'd make me feel bad and shameful that I was n't like the average person . They also thought anything I tried to improve my situation was n't good enough and anything they suggested should 've cured me . ''
ellieadvice.com
ellieadvice.com
FILE PHOTO : An Amazon.com Inc driver stands next to an Amazon delivery truck in Los Angeles , California , U.S. , May 21 , 2016 . REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo
Hydrogen fuel cell maker Plug Power Inc ( PLUG.O ) said on Wednesday Amazon.com Inc ( AMZN.O ) had acquired the right to buy up to 23 percent of the company and that it would supply batteries to power forklifts used by the online retailer in its warehouses .
Plug Power 's shares closed 73 percent higher at $ 2.25 in heavy trading . Amazon shares rose as much as 1.9 percent to a record high of $ 923.72 before ending 0.3 percent higher at $ 909.28 .
Latham , New York-based Plug Power was valued at $ 319 million as of Tuesday 's market close . Amazon must spend at least $ 600 million over the life of its contract with Plug Power for its warrants to fully vest .
Amazon , the world 's largest online retailer , will equip forklifts at 11 warehouses this year with hydrogen fuel cells so they can lift more goods before running out of juice , as well as charge faster , Plug Power 's Chief Executive Andy Marsh said in an interview . Amazon will spend $ 70 million on the deal in 2017 and likely twice that next year , he said .
`` Fulfillment centers are traditionally fairly low tech , '' said Marsh , explaining that labor as well as physical space could be freed up by moving away from batteries requiring lots of attention .
Amazon 's deal with Plug Power could rekindle interest in makers of fuel cell companies , including Ballard Power Systems Inc ( BLDP.TO ) and Hydrogenics Corp ( HYG.TO ) , whose shares were up about 6 percent .
Fuel cell makers had become Wall Street darlings in 2014 as their technology was expected to be widely adopted in electric vehicles and forklifts .
However , the sector has lost favor with investors as the technology failed to gain traction .
Plug Power itself has lost more than two-thirds of its market value since the first quarter of 2014 , when it was valued at more than $ 1 billion .
Raymond James analyst Pavel Molchanov described the deal as one of the occasional bright spots that highlighted the potential for growth in the fuel cell industry .
Plug Power 's narrow focus of powering forklifts with fuel cells , essentially makes the company the only player in the market , Molchanov said .
While only a tiny fraction of forklifts globally are powered by hydrogen fuel , Wal-Mart Stores Inc ( WMT.N ) already uses the company 's technology in its warehouses and is a top customer , Plug Power 's Marsh said .
The retailer is locked in a fight with Amazon for share of U.S. shoppers ' wallets .
( Reporting By Jeffrey Dastin in San Francisco , additional reporting by Narottam Medhora ; Editing by Randy Fabi )
* Brent crude price performance reut.rs/2p4VzbV ( Adds April performance , Brent crude price )
LONDON , April 12 The $ 1.53 billion Andurand Commodities Fund run by asset manager Pierre Andurand lost 11.6 percent in the first quarter of the year , a document prepared by a bank seen by Reuters showed .
Losses widened from 8.5 percent in the first two months of 2017 , it showed .
However , losses had narrowed to 9.8 percent by April 7 , a source close to the fund told Reuters .
The fund , which delivered gains of 22 percent in 2016 , focuses on energy as well as metals , other commodities and currencies .
Brent crude futures are up 7.2 percent this month , reversing all of March 's losses .
( Reporting by Maiya Keidan ; additional reporting by Lawrence Delevingne and Amanda Cooper ; editing by Louise Heavens and Jason Neely )
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
The Compass has certainly hit a sweet spot in the mid-size SUV segment with its absolutely brilliant pricing !
The article has been updated with the latest prices and info on October 6 , 2017 .
Jeep had surprised everyone with the Compass ' cut-throat pricing when it was launched on July 31 , 2017 . Even after the increase in cess over GST , the prices are still competitive and now start at Rs 15.16 lakh ( ex-showroom , New Delhi ) . The Jeep Compass undercuts its immediate rival , the Hyundai Tucson , by around Rs 3 lakh for the petrol trim and by nearly Rs 4 lakh for the diesel .
We were supposed to put the Volkswagen Tiguan in this article as well since it is also one of its direct rivals globally . But the VW Tiguan , which starts at Rs 26.65 lakh ( ex-showroom , Pan India ) , has been completely put out of the question by the Compass ' pricing .
The Honda CR-V , on the other hand , is presently in a dire need of a replacement all-new model , which is likely to be launched in 2018 . Skoda will also launch Yeti 's successor , the Karoq , next year in the country . Meanwhile , check out how the Compass fares against the Hyundai Tucson in our variant wise feature comparison .
Prices ( ex-showroom , New Delhi )
Jeep Compass Petrol
Model
Prices
Jeep Compass Sport
Rs 15.16 lakh
Jeep Compass Limited
Rs 18.96 lakh
Jeep Compass Limited ( O )
Rs 19.67 lakh
Jeep Compass Diesel
Model
Prices
Jeep Compass Sport
Rs 15.99 lakh
Jeep Compass Longitude
Rs 17.03 lakh
Jeep Compass Longitude ( O )
Rs 17.85 lakh
Jeep Compass Limited
Rs 18.68 lakh
Jeep Compass Limited ( O )
Rs 19.41 lakh
Jeep Compas Limited 4x4
Rs 20.65 lakh
Jeep Compass Limited 4x4 ( O )
Rs 21.37 lakh
Hyundai Tucson Petrol
Model
Prices
Hyundai Tucson Base
Rs 17.99 lakh
Hyundai Tucson GL Auto
Rs 20.99 lakh
Hyundai Tucson Diesel
Model
Prices
Hyundai Tucson Base
Rs 19.65 lakh
Hyundai Tucson GL
Rs 22.49 lakh
Hyundai Tucson GLS Auto 4WD
Rs 25.19 lakh
As you can clearly see , the top-spec Limited trim of the petrol Compass is pricier than the base petrol model of the Tucson by nearly Rs 1 lakh . While its optional range-topping petrol automatic model , Limited ( O ) , undercuts the flagship petrol model of the Tucson by almost a similar amount .
For the diesel , you get a 4x4-equipped full-spec Compass for nearly Rs 1 lakh more than the price of the Tucson 's base model . Though the range-topping Tucson GLS diesel offers auto+4WD combo , it looks overpriced in front of the Compass manual 4x4 ( pricier by Rs 3.80 lakh ) .
The petrol and diesel base trims of the Compass are literally incomparable with those of the Tucson 's . Given the fact that they come pretty well loaded as well further strengthens their cases !
We 'll have a look at the overlapping variants of the Compass and Tucson below .
Common Standard Safety Features
Dual-front airbags ( dual-stage airbags in the Compass inflate according to the severity of the crash )
Anti-lock braking system ( ABS ) with electronic brake-force distribution ( EBD )
Front and rear disc brakes
Child seat anchors
Petrol
Jeep Compass Limited vs Hyundai Tucson Base
Price difference : the Compass petrol is roughly expensive by Rs 97,000
Jeep Compass Limited : 1.4-litre turbocharged petrol – 162PS/250Nm ; 7-speed dual-clutch automatic
: 1.4-litre turbocharged petrol – ;
Hyundai Tucson Base : 2.0-litre petrol – 155PS/192Nm ; 6-speed manual
Infotainment system :
Jeep Compass : 7.0-inch Uconnect system with Apple CarPlay and Android Auto ( 6-speaker system )
Hyundai Tucson : 8.0-inch unit with Apple CarPlay and Android Auto along ( 6-speaker system )
Features
Halogen projector headlamps are offered in both the SUVs ( auto headlamps in the Tucson ) . The Tucson gets LED daytime running lamps , while the Compass gets halogen ones . LED position lamps are offered in the Compass
LED tail lamps are standard in the Compass , not offered with the base variant in the Tucson
Alloy wheels : Jeep Compass : R17 || Hyundai Tucson : R17
The Compass gets dual-zone climate control with activated carbon filter and rear AC vents ( manual air conditioning in the Tucson )
The Compass offers passive keyless entry and push button start-stop ( not available in the base variant of the Tucson )
Heated outside rearview mirrors in the Tucson ( the Compass just gets adjustable and foldable units )
Rear parking sensors and camera support are common in both the SUVs
‘ Ski-Grey ' McKinley leather upholstery in the Compass ( fabric upholstery in the Tucson )
A leather wrapped steering wheel is common
Safety Features
Limited is almost the range-topping trim in the Compass ' lineup and this is what it offers extra over the base variant of the Tucson :
Electronic parking brake ( standard )
Traction control system ( TCS ) ( standard )
Electronic stability control ( ESC ) ( standard )
Electronic roll mitigation
Hill start assist
Jeep Compass Limited ( O ) vs Hyundai Tucson GL
Price difference : the Compass Limited ( O ) petrol is approximately cheaper by Rs 1.32 lakh than the Tucson GL petrol
The Tucson 's 2.0-litre motor is mated to a 6-speed automatic transmission in the GL trim
Over the Limited , the Compass Limited ( O ) gets dual-tone roof and Bi-xenon projector headlamps .
The Tucson GL gets significant feature additions over its base trim :
R18 diamond cut alloy wheels
Six airbags ( dual-front , side and curtain airbags )
Static bending headlamps ( halogen )
Front parking sensors
Leather upholstery
Dual-zone climate control with cluster ionizer and rear AC vents
Passive keyless entry with push button start-stop
10-way power adjustable driver seat
Safety features : electronic stability control ( ESC ) , vehicle stability management ( VSM ) , hill assist control ( HAC ) , downhill brake control ( DBC ) and brake assist
Diesel
Jeep Compass Limited ( O ) 4x4 vs Hyundai Tucson Base
Price difference : The Jeep Compass Limited 4x4 diesel is pricier by Rs 70,000 than the Tucson Base diesel
Jeep Compass Limited ( O ) 4x4 : 2.0-litre diesel – 173PS/350Nm ; 4x4 6-speed manual
2.0-litre diesel –
Hyundai Tucson Base diesel : 2.0-litre diesel – 185PS/400Nm ; 6-speed manual
The Compass Limited 4x4 diesel additionally offers six-airbags ( dual-front , side and curtain airbags ) and Jeep Active Drive with Selec-Terrain ( Auto , Snow , Sand and Mud ) drive modes over its petrol Limited counterpart .
The Hyundai Tucson base diesel offers the same goodies as its petrol counterpart .
Check Out : Jeep Compass : All You Need To Know
Read More on : Compass diesel
Miguel Sano hit a two-run double in the Twins ' four-run sixth and scored on Eduardo Escobar 's two-out single , cutting the Royals ' lead to 9-8 . Brian Flynn then struck out Max Kepler to end the sixth with runners on second and third , preserving the Royals ' lead .
Sano had a RBI single in the third and has hit in 17 consecutive games against the Royals with 30 RBIs in that span .
Hunter Dozier led off the Kansas City seventh with his first career home run . Soler homered in the eighth for his fourth hit , matching his career high .
Kevin McCarthy ( 4-2 ) , the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers , retired all four batters he faced and earned the victory .
`` I did n't want to use McCarthy today , '' Yost said . `` He 's been in four out of five , but we were at the point we had to . He came in and did a phenomenal job . ''
Kelvin Herrera protected the lead with a spotless ninth for his 12th save .
Twins rookie right-hander Fernando Romero ( 3-2 ) retired only five of the 15 batters he faced . Romero allowed eight runs and nine hits , a walk and a sacrifice fly . His ERA jumped from 1.88 to 4.15 .
`` They were jumping me from the first pitch , '' Romero said . `` They were just hitting everything . ''
Jay singled in the seventh to extend his hitting streak to 12 games . Jay finished May with a .368 average and leads the majors with 43 hits in the month .
ONE MORE OUT
Several Royals players began walking off the field in the fifth after turning a double play . The only problem was there were only two outs .
ROSTER MOVES
Twins : RHP Aaron Slegers was recalled from Triple-A Rochester . He came in after Romero 's early exit and allowed two runs and six hits over 5 1/3 innings . The Twins optioned Slegers back down to Rochester after the game .
Royals : RHP Trevor Oaks was recalled from Triple-A Omaha . He gave up three runs and five hits and a walk over 1 2/3 innings in his second big league appearance .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Twins : CF Byron Buxton ( fractured left toe ) went back on the disabled list with the toe still impeding his game . ... RHP Ervin Santana ( hand ) was recalled from his minor league rehab assignment with swelling and having trouble gripping the ball . He will be re-examined .
Royals : RHP Blaine Boyer ( strained back ) was placed on the 10-day disabled list . Boyer was 2-0 , but had an 11.76 ERA in 20 relief appearances .
UP NEXT
Twins : RHP Jake Odorizzi is the scheduled starter as the Twins open a four-game series with AL Central leader Cleveland at Target Field . RHP Shane Bieber will start for the Indians , making his big league debut .
Royals : They have Thursday off before beginning a three-game series Friday with Oakland . Kansas City RHP Ian Kennedy will start the opener .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
March 30 Simcorp A/S
* SIMCORP APPOINTS NEW CFO
* SIMCORP APPOINTS NEW CFO
* SIMCORP ANNOUNCES THAT IT HAS APPOINTED MICHAEL ROSENVOLD , 49 , AS NEW CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER ( CFO )
* ROSENVOLD JOINS SIMCORP 'S EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR LEADING COMPANY 'S GLOBAL FINANCE , IT , LEGAL , INVESTOR RELATIONS AND PROCUREMENT TEAMS
* MICHAEL ROSENVOLD WILL STEP INTO HIS NEW POSITION NO LATER THAN OCTOBER 1 , 2017
* SIMCORP 'S CURRENT , INTERIM CFO , SØREN STRØM , WILL REMAIN IN HIS POSITION AT LEAST UNTIL MICHAEL ROSENVOLD HAS JOINED Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Former Connacht prop BRETT WILKINSON has left his role with Buccaneers Rugby Football Club to take up an International coaching opportunity with the Hong Kong national squad currently competing in the Asian Championship . Wilkinson , who has been head coach at Buccaneers for the past two seasons , takes up his new appointment next month . The South African played with Connacht 183 times and won 6 Ireland A cap . A renowned front row forward , he enjoyed terrific success in his maiden senior club coaching appointment at Buccs , guiding them to the All-Ireland League play-offs in his first season in charge as well as winning the Connacht Senior League title . The Pirates did even better last term , completing a Connacht Senior Cup and League double as well as romping to the Division 1B title and with it promotion to the top flight of club rugby in Ireland .
Wilkinson was an extremely popular and efficient coach with the Athlone club where he encouraged his youthful squad to play enterprising and expansive rugby whilst espousing discipline and workrate . Brett is assisting the midlanders in their search for a suitable replacement as Buccaneers prepare for Division 1A . Applicants for this position should email their CV to [ email protected ]
April 3 Five players to watch in this week 's U.S. Masters at Augusta , Georgia :
Dustin Johnson
Top-six finishes the past two years , but in a different place mentally as he returns with the confidence that comes from finally winning a major , the U.S. Open last June , and taking over world number one ranking .
His wedge play now matches his renowned long game , which should give him the confidence to lay up if he gets into trouble off the tees .
- - -
Jordan Spieth
Has finished no worse than second in three appearances , including victory in 2015 , but will have to deal with the mental baggage of his meltdown last year , when he blew a five-stroke lead over the final nine holes .
Arguably the best mid-range putter in the world , has the imagination and ability to execute with the flatstick on some of the game 's fastest greens .
- - -
Phil Mickelson
Would become , at 46 , the oldest Masters champion , seven months older than Jack Nicklaus when he won the 1986 Masters . Invariably raises his game at Augusta , no matter how he has been playing in the lead-up .
Apart from his three victories , Mickelson has six other top-three finishes . The Augusta layout , with most fairways moving right-to-left , ideally suits a left-hander such as Mickelson , who can play power fade off the tee .
- - -
Hideki Matsuyama
Seeking to become the first Japanese man to win a major , showed his affinity for Augusta with a fifth place in 2015 , and enhanced his major credentials with a tie for fourth at the PGA Championship last August .
Was the hottest player in the world from October through early January , with four wins and two seconds in six starts . Has gone off the boil a little recently . Putting is not the best part of his game .
- - -
Jon Rahm
A realistic chance of becoming the first player to win the Masters in his debut since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979 .
The sport 's most exciting young player he won the Ben Hogan Award for the most outstanding collegiate golfer in the United States in 2015 and 2016 . The native of northern Spain has quickly lived up to his billing since turning pro , winning at Torrey Pines for his maiden PGA Tour victory two months ago . Has finished no worse than 16th in six starts this year .
( Editing by Gene Cherry )
In episode 28 of the Newsroom Insider , host David Crosbie talks to reporter Joanna Frketich about the disconcerting levels of lead in drinking water of some Hamilton schools and daycares . Following a report published by the Toronto Star , over 600 Ontario schools were found to have exceeded the guidelines .
Previous podcasts at thespec.com/newsroom-insider .
Subscribe to Newsroom Insider podcast on iTunes .
BARCELONA , April 20 Real Madrid can take a giant step towards a first La Liga title in five years when they host champions Barcelona on Sunday , looking to extend their lead over their arch rivals at the top of the table to six points with a game in hand .
Here are five games between Spain 's biggest two teams which determined the destination of the title .
Barcelona 3-1 Real Madrid , March 1960
European conquerors Real were in a strong position to wrestle the domestic title back from Barça when they visited the Nou Camp with a two-point lead . Alfredo di Stefano 's second half equaliser looked to have preserved their advantage but Eulogio Martinez and Ramon Villaverde immediately scored in the space of two minutes to pull the two sides level on points , putting Barça top on goal difference . They preserved their slender lead in the remaining games to defend the title .
Real Madrid 0-1 Barcelona , May 1994
Madrid were out of the running when they hosted their rivals in the penultimate game of the season , but were hoping to kill off Barça 's slim hopes of catching leaders Deportivo La Coruna . A late strike from Guillermo Amor stunned the Santiago Bernabeu into silence and took the title race to the final day , when Barça eased to victory over Sevilla and Deportivo drew with Valencia after missing a penalty , handing a fourth consecutive league triumph to Johan Cruyff 's side .
Real Madrid 2-6 Barcelona , May 2009
After a chaotic first half of the season under beleaguered coach Bernd Schuster , Real staged a remarkable recovery under caretaker Juande Ramos , winning 17 out of 18 games . Victory at the Bernabeu would have cut a seemingly insurmountable deficit with Barcelona to just one point , but Pep Guardiola was merely biding his time to make his mark as a coach . Midway through the first half he shifted Lionel Messi into the `` false nine '' role and watched his side blitz their arch rivals to race towards the league title .
Real Madrid 0-2 Barcelona , April 2010
Barça 's historic treble the previous year prompted a spending spree from Real Madrid 's returning president Florentino Perez , who splashed over 200 million euros in one summer on Cristiano Ronaldo , Kaka , Xabi Alonso and Karim Benzema to try and shoot down the soaring Catalans . The title race was delicately poised going into the 'Clasico ' with the two teams level on points but Barça again emerged victorious from the Bernabeu , striding towards the title with goals from academy success stories Messi and Pedro , leaving the press to gleefully declare the 'cantera ' ( academy ) had triumphed over Real 's 'cartera ' ( wallet ) .
Barcelona 1-2 Real Madrid , April 2012
Real had employed three different coaches to try to end Barça 's domestic hegemony under Guardiola and finally completed the task under the Catalan 's ideological opposite Jose Mourinho , who led the team to a record breaking total of 100 points . They effectively sealed their title with a late winner by Cristiano Ronaldo , who celebrated by mischievously gesturing the 99,000 Barcelona supporters inside the Nou Camp to calm down . ( Reporting by Richard Martin ; Editing by Toby Davis )
FILE PHOTO - John Watson , CEO of the Chevron Corp. , speaks during the 26th World Gas Conference in Paris , France , on June 2 , 2015 . REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - John Watson , Chevron 's chairman and CEO , speaks during an interview on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) in New York , U.S. on March 8 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
HOUSTON Nearly a century after Chevron Corp amassed the No . 2 stake in America 's largest oilfield , Chief Executive John Watson is hitting the accelerator on developing the company 's vast Permian Basin holdings .
In an interview , Watson made clear his desire to put the West Texas to New Mexico expanse in the ranks of Chevron 's biggest ventures . That is a stark change from just five years ago , when Chevron executives rarely mentioned the shale basin .
But with low oil prices , the company is now spending more than it makes to cover its prized dividend and find new reserves . Now , those 2 million Permian acres have emerged as to way to help fund both goals .
`` Some of the best things we have in our portfolio are the shales , '' Watson said during an interview on the 48th floor of the company 's Houston office tower . `` My employees in the Permian know I 'm featuring it as something very important . ''
Gone , for the next few years at least , are plans for any new multi-billion-dollar mega-projects , he said . To survive and grow , San Ramon , California-based Chevron is turning to acreage it has always controlled and that largely is free of royalties to landowners .
`` We 're just in a period now where markets are weak and everyone is focused on controlling costs , '' Watson said .
Within a decade , Watson expects Chevron 's production in the Permian to grow eightfold to more than 700,000 barrels of oil per day . By the end of next year , nine drilling rigs will join the 11 that Chevron already has poking holes into Permian land .
It is all part of Watson 's plan to methodically pump Chevron 's more than 9 billion barrels of Permian oil , most of it owned outright by the company . That gives Chevron a cost advantage over rival Permian producers as the region in the past year has become the epicenter for the U.S. shale resurgence .
Chevron 's Permian portfolio , which was acquired in stages by predecessor companies , is worth at least $ 43 billion , Chevron believes , greater than the market value of Pioneer Natural Resources Co , Concho Resources and other Texas producers .
Watson bristles at critics who say the company is moving too slowly in the Permian . `` We 're growing our portfolio in the Permian as fast as anyone , '' said Watson , an economist by training who has worked at Chevron his entire career .
`` We 're focused on growing value and growing the dividend over time . ''
Chevron is valued more highly by investors than rival Exxon Mobil Corp partly because of that dividend , which has risen annually for the past 29 years . Watson has called protecting the $ 1.08 quarterly payout his top priority .
`` We like inexpensive , recurring revenue streams '' such as the Permian , said Oliver Pursche of wealth manager Bruderman Brothers LLC , which holds shares in the company .
Chevron , which does not hedge oil production , is boosting spending in the Permian by 67 percent this year to $ 2.5 billion , an implicit bet that oil prices will rise and lift the company to a profitable year after an annual loss in 2016 .
That makes the Permian the second-largest area for spending this year for Chevron after the Tengiz project in Kazakhstan , which is not expected to come online until next decade .
CARBON TAX WOULD ADD COST
Watson said he is not worried about demand for oil hitting a ceiling for at least the next 20 years , despite the rising popularity of electric cars . Rising petroleum needs for air travel and petrochemical production should buffer any drop in demand from the automobile sector , he said .
`` There is no sign of peak demand right now , '' Watson said .
Like Exxon , BP and other oil peers , Chevron supports the Paris climate accord , a 2015 agreement between nearly 200 nations that aims to limit the rise in global temperatures to `` well below '' 2 degrees Celsius ( 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit ) .
`` We have said that Paris is a first step , but we need to understand what that translates to in terms of policy , '' Watson said .
Watson , however , has spoken out against a tax on carbon , something that Exxon supports .
President Donald Trump had considered a carbon tax as part of his proposed budget , but the White House on Tuesday said it was not under consideration . It could still be resurrected by Congress , where it has some support .
`` A carbon tax will have the effect of adding cost on the people who can least afford it , '' Watson said . `` If you increase energy costs you are going to make it more difficult here for industrial activity . ''
Watson said he is not opposed to renewable energy , just government financial support for it through subsidies and other means . He said he would be open to buying a Tesla or another electric vehicle .
`` I have no particular aversion '' to electric cars , he said . `` I 'll buy a car that meets all my needs , particularly around size and other characteristics . ''
( Reporting by Ernest Scheyder ; Editing by Gary McWilliams and Leslie Adler )
× RPS under federal investigation for alleged discrimination
RICHMOND , Va. – The Federal Office for Civil Rights has opened an investigation into allegations that the Richmond Public Schools ' disciplinary policies and practices unlawfully discriminate against African-American students and students with disabilities .
The complainants , who first filed in August 2016 , were notified April 12 that the office would open an investigation . The Legal Aid Justice Center and the ACLU of Virginia filed the official complaint on behalf of two individual students and the Richmond chapter of the NAACP .
The complaint alleges that during the 2014-15 school year , African-American students with disabilities were 12.91 times more likely than white students without disabilities to be short-term suspended , according to data provided by the Virginia Department of Education .
The lawsuit also references newer data which indicates “ an astonishing number of students each school year and that troubling discipline disparities remain . ”
According to Virginia Department of Education data , 4,680 students were suspended by RPS at least once during the 2015-16 school year .
African-American students made up nearly 75 percent of the student population but the lawsuit claims they account for 90.4 percent of students who were short-term suspended and 94.2 percent of students who were long-term suspended .
While students with disabilities made up 17.7 percent of the student population , they accounted for 29.8 percent of students who were short-term suspended and 37.4 percent of students who were long-term suspended , the lawsuit stated .
During the investigation , the federal office will collect and analyze information from the complainants , the RPS , and any other relevant sources .
The letter did not indicate how long an investigation would take , or when the results would be released .
Congressman A. Donald McEachin ( Va.-04 ) called the suit a “ positive first step . ”
“ I remain extremely concerned about the treatment of minority and special needs students throughout my district which is why I have requested a district-wide investigation into disparate treatment , ” McEachin said .
RPS had not responded to a request for comment by time of publication . In August , when the suit was filed , RPS said they wish the issue had been brought to them in a more timely manner .
They said their code of conduct handbook has been revised to ensure fair and consistent disciplinary actions for all students .
The full statement released in 2016 , by Richmond Public Schools :
From now until December 22 , pre-registered shoppers will stroll through the aisles of the Good Shepherd Venture Centre 's Christmas Marketplace at 155 Cannon Street East and fill their shopping carts with seasonal groceries , garments and winter wear , personal items and small household products and toys for the kids .
During this time Good Shepherd will distribute 3,100 hampers to 2,418 households , assisting over 6,000 people this season .
The store is open year round but the Christmas season is the busiest time of year .
It 's the time of year when area crop farmers do a lot of waiting .
“ Most of the guys I talk to are getting their equipment ready , watching the fields and waiting for the right moment to get after it , ” said Terry Basol , Iowa State University Extension Field Agronomist .
Basol , who works out of the ISU Extension Northeast Iowa Research farm near Nashua , said that although some farmers have already begun to harvest , most northeast Iowa farmers are still a couple weeks away from taking out their corn and soybeans .
For more of this article , see Tuesday 's New Hampton Tribune or Thursday 's Nashua Reporter .
BUCHAREST , April 20 NATO member Romania plans to buy Patriot missiles from U.S. company Raytheon to help protect its airspace , a senior defence ministry official said on Thursday .
The plan will be a key part of the European Union country 's plan to modernise its military , benefiting from a gradual increase in annual spending .
The defence budget in Romania -- a NATO member since 2004 and one of Washington 's staunchest allies in eastern Europe along with Poland -- was 1.7 percent of gross domestic product in 2016 and was set at 2.0 percent this year .
`` The Patriot missile defence system is part of the multi-level air defence system of Romania 's airspace . We 're assessing all options to develop this ( acquisition ) programme , '' General Nicolae-Ionel Ciuca , chief of General Staff told reporters .
`` It is important to say the programme will start this year . ''
The missiles would be part of an integrated air defence system comprising six newly acquired F-16 fighter jets as Romania is bringing its forces up to NATO standards and retiring outdated communist-era MiGs .
The official would not elaborate on the size of the planned acquisition nor say how much money had been earmarked for it .
Poland expects to sign a $ 7.6 billion deal with Raytheon to buy eight Patriot missile defence systems by the end of this year , its Defence Minister Antoni Macierewicz said last month .
Romania , a country of 20 million people , hosts a U.S. ballistic missile defence station and has contributed troops in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The U.S. military , which says the defence station is needed as protection against Iran rather than to threaten Russia , switched on the $ 800 million Romanian part of the shield in 2015 . Another part of the shield was due to be built in Poland .
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said Moscow views the missile shield in eastern Europe as a `` great danger '' and Moscow will be forced to respond by enhancing its own missile strike capability . ( Editing by Keith Weir )
Blac Chyna has reportedly accused Kim Kardashian West of `` bullying '' her .
The 29-year-old reality TV star thinks the 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians ' star - who is the auntie of her 14-month-old daughter Dream - is `` very cruel '' and is using `` mean girls '' tactics to promote her new perfumes after she told the world that she 'd sent her `` haters '' , including Chyna , a chocolate heart with her BAE scent inside for Valentine 's Day .
A source told TMZ : `` She 's annoyed about the gift she received the other day from Kim . She 's surprised Kim would do this , since she 's Dream 's aunt . She also disagrees with the 'hater ' label because she says she 's never tried to tarnish Kim 's image . ''
Kim , 37 , caused a stir earlier this week when she listed her enemies - including Taylor Swift , Sharon Osbourne , Piers Morgan and Pink - on Snapchat and said she would be sending them and `` anyone else '' she can think of a bottle from her new KIMOJI Heart range .
Kim said : `` I am gon na send out way more than this but I decided this Valentine 's Day everyone deserves a Valentine . I 'm gon na send one to my lovers , my haters , to everyone I can think of , because it 's Valentine 's Day after all . ''
Chyna has been locked in a bitter legal battle with Kim , her brother Rob Kardashian - whom she has Dream with , and their mother Kris Jenner since the latter end of last year after she tried to sue them for defamation and accused them of sabotaging her show 'Rob & Chyna ' .
The celebrity trio - who are named as the defendants in the suit - have countered Chyna 's claims by saying they are `` bald conclusions that have no factual support . ''
According to Chyna - whose real name is Angela White - the US TV network E ! , the show 's production team and Rob were all open to shooting a second season before it was suddenly cut , and she believes the trio were responsible for the cancellation .
Chyna - who also has five-year-old son King Cairo with her ex-fiance Tyga - has also accused the Kardashians of defamation , after they alleged that she left Dream at home while she went to a party , but the Kardashians insist they never made that claim .
He said the Montreal heat exposure victims were between 50 and 80 .
`` None of the people we 've identified in the last four days had air conditioning at home , '' Kaiser noted .
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau tweeted condolences to the relatives of the Quebec victims .
No deaths have been reported in other provinces . In Ontario , a spokesperson for the coroner 's office said it could n't confirm if there were any heat-related deaths , adding it could take weeks or several months to complete such probes .
Kaiser said one reason Quebec has been reporting so many deaths is because it 's part of the province 's extreme heat plan , where health officials work in tandem with first responders and emergency rooms to track down potential cases of heat-related illnesses and deaths .
`` We go out to the paramedics , we go out to the hospitals and we ask them to make sure to identify any deaths they believe are related to heat and that allows us to intervene more quickly , '' Kaiser said .
He cited a case in recent days in which a death in a home for the elderly led authorities to move five other people deemed at risk to a facility equipped with air conditioning .
Police and firefighters also continued to go door to door in areas identified as having people considered at high risk : those with chronic illness or mental-health problems , those who live alone and people without air conditioning at home .
Also on Wednesday , the ambulance service that serves a large swath of the Montreal area called on people to refrain from calling unless it is a real emergency .
Urgences-sante said it has been inundated by the volume of calls — 1,200 calls per day in Montreal and nearby Laval over the past four days , which is 30 per cent more than usual on busy days .
BANGKOK Thailand 's King Maha Vajiralongkorn will sign a new constitution on Thursday , the palace said , an essential step towards holding a general election the military government has promised to restore democratic rule after a 2014 coup .
Thais approved the long-awaited constitution at a referendum last August , but the palace requested changes in January after the king took over from his late father .
One of the changes was to allow the king to travel abroad without appointing a regent . Other changes , made by the junta and the military-appointed assembly at the request of the palace , have not yet been made public .
The palace said the constitution would be signed at a ceremony on Thursday , an annual public holiday marking the establishment of the current Chakri dynasty 235 years ago .
Publication in the Royal Gazette is expected the same day and it will then become law . It will be the 20th constitution since the end of absolute monarchy in 1932 .
King Maha Vajiralongkorn , also known as King Rama X of the Chakri dynasty , ascended the throne in December following the death of his father , King Bhumibol Adulyadej , who reigned for more than 70 years .
( Reporting by Panarat Thepgumpanat ; Writing by Patpicha Tanakasempipat ; Editing by Matthew Tostevin and Clarence Fernandez )
March 29 Uniwheels AG
* Superior Industries International , Inc. ( Superior ) increases price for Uniwheels shares in tender to 236.07 zlotys ( $ 60.14 ) per share from 235.83 zlotys per share for shares purchased from entities other that Uniwheels Holding Malta , it said in a statement
* Superior announced the tender offer for Uniwheels shares on March 23
Source text - bit.ly/2o6doXG Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 3.9253 zlotys ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
BRIEF-United Insurance Holdings previews Q2-2017 catastrophe losses
* United Insurance Holdings - estimated net retained catastrophe losses incurred during Q2 ending June 30 , 2017 of about $ 20 million before income taxes Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
COPENHAGEN , March 30 Denmark 's government wants to strengthen supervision of Danish pension funds to reflect their increased investments in alternative assets such as wind farms and infrastructure projects , it said on Thursday .
Alternative investments are often more complex and risky than traditional investments such as bonds , business minister Brian Mikkelsen said in a statement .
The liberal minority government will therefore seek parliamentary backing to allocate more resources to the Danish Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) , he said .
Danish pension funds have been lobbying against a proposal from the FSA that would force them to give customers detailed forecasts on future payout and risk , offering instead to set standards themselves . ( Reporting by Teis Jensen ; Editing by Catherine Evans )
By Christina Martin May 3 Most Southeast Asian stock markets traded flat to higher on Wednesday , tracking overnight gains on Wall Street , while investors were cautious ahead of the U.S. Federal 's policy decision expected later in the day . Wall Street edged higher on corporate earnings , and overall , profits at S & P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 13.9 percent in the first quarter , the most since 2011 , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S . The Fed , which concludes its two-day meet on Wednesday , is expected to hold interest rates steady , but may hint it is on track for an increase in June . MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.4 percent , while expectations that the Federal Reserve might signal a June rate hike helped lift the dollar . `` We 've already priced in the low probability of a rate hike . Also , we have been tracking gains in the U.S. market . So far , earnings have been positive at their end so we have been taking cues from them , '' said Victor Felix , equity analyst , AB Capital Securities . Singapore 's benchmark index , which posted a 21-month closing high on Tuesday , extended the gains with financials outperforming other sectors . While DBS Group Holdings Ltd climbed to its highest since July 30 , 2015 , Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Ltd and United Overseas Bank Ltd rose as much as between 1.5 percent and 2 percent . Philippines shares traded flat , as investors awaited lawmakers ' decision on whether to accept or reject Environment Secretary Regina Lopez as their environment minister . Lopez had angered the mining industry after ordering the closure of more than half the mines in the Philippines to protect water resources . `` Basically is an environmentalist , very anti-mining . So I think right now investors , especially in the mining and oil sub-sectors will be watching for that . If she gets confirmed today , we can expect a sell-off in the mining sector , but if she does not get confirmed , I think there will be a rally in the mining sector , '' said Felix . Thailand shares edged up 0.2 percent , while Indonesia dipped , with telecoms and financials dragging the index down . Telekomunikasi Indonesia ( Persero ) Tbk PT slid to a one-week low , while Bank Central Asia Tbk PT slipped up to 0.8 percent . For Asian Companies click ; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS : Change at 0544 GMT Market Current Previous Close Pct Move Singapore 3235.08 3211.11 0.74 Bangkok 1567.25 1564.12 0.20 Manila 7703.62 7703.1 -0.01 Jakarta 5673.099 5675.808 -0.08 Kuala Lumpur 1778.44 1778.47 0.00 Ho Chi Minh 718.26 717.73 0.07 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3235.38 2880.76 12.30 Bangkok 1567.25 1542.94 1.58 Manila 7702.33 6840.64 12.60 Jakarta 5673.099 5296.711 7.11 Kuala Lumpur 1778.44 1641.73 8.33 Ho Chi Minh 718.26 664.87 8.03 ( Reporting by Christina Martin ; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips )
Toronto 's transit commission says the majority of its new streetcars have to be returned to their manufacturer for repairs .
The first 67 streetcars out of 89 produced for Toronto by Bombardier Transportation will be sent back for preventative repairs of `` inferior frame welds , '' TTC spokesman Brad Ross said Wednesday .
The defect poses no safety risk `` in any way , '' he added .
`` ( Bombardier ) advised us last fall , '' Ross said . `` We directed them to develop a program for repair that will permanently fix the cars while minimizing service impacts . ''
The streetcars will be returned three or four at a time , and will all be fixed by 2022 , Ross said .
Bombardier will cover the cost of the repairs , which will take place at its Welding Centre of Excellence in La Pocatiere , Que. , company spokesman Eric Prud'homme said .
`` Welding issues are not uncommon in the industry , but , in this case , Bombardier has been proactive and responsible to ensure the cars meet the expected longevity , all in full transparency with TTC and their riders , '' Prud'homme said .
Some 25 to 30 employees will work daily on this maintenance program until it is completed , delaying some of the planned layoffs , he said .
`` Until our preventive welding maintenance program is performed , we fully guarantee the strength of the existing welds . ''
The problem identified by Bombardier 18 months ago involves work completed in Mexico .
Poles protest the forced retirements of judges under new law
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Czarek Sokolowski , AP Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close Image 1 of 10 Protesters hold up posters referring to the the Polish constitution as they gather in front of Poland 's Supreme Court building in Warsaw , Poland , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 to support the court 's president , Malgorzata Gersdorf , as she arrived for work , saying she was defending the rule of law , in defiance of a new law that is forcing her and many others of the court 's judges to retire while their terms are still running . fewer Protesters hold up posters referring to the the Polish constitution as they gather in front of Poland 's Supreme Court building in Warsaw , Poland , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 to support the court 's president , ... more Photo : Czarek Sokolowski , AP Image 2 of 10 The president of Poland 's Supreme Court , Malgorzata Gersdorf , center with roses , arrives for work at the Supreme Court building in Warsaw , Poland , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 saying she is defending the rule of law , in defiance of a new law that is forcing her and many others of the court 's judges to retire while their terms are still running . less The president of Poland 's Supreme Court , Malgorzata Gersdorf , center with roses , arrives for work at the Supreme Court building in Warsaw , Poland , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 saying she is defending the rule of ... more Photo : Czarek Sokolowski , AP Image 3 of 10 Protesters gather in front of Poland 's Supreme Court building in Warsaw , Poland , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 to support the court 's president , Malgorzata Gersdorf , as she arrived for work , saying she was defending the rule of law , in defiance of a new law that is forcing her and many others of the court 's judges to retire while their terms are still running . fewer Protesters gather in front of Poland 's Supreme Court building in Warsaw , Poland , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 to support the court 's president , Malgorzata Gersdorf , as she arrived for work , saying she was defending ... more Photo : Czarek Sokolowski , AP Image 4 of 10 Protesters hold up posters referring to the the Polish constitution as they gather in front of Poland 's Supreme Court building in Warsaw , Poland , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 to support the court 's president , Malgorzata Gersdorf , as she arrived for work , saying she was defending the rule of law , in defiance of a new law that is forcing her and many others of the court 's judges to retire while their terms are still running . fewer Protesters hold up posters referring to the the Polish constitution as they gather in front of Poland 's Supreme Court building in Warsaw , Poland , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 to support the court 's president , ... more Photo : Czarek Sokolowski , AP Image 5 of 10 Image 6 of 10 The president of Poland 's Supreme Court , Malgorzata Gersdorf , arrives for work at the Supreme Court building in Warsaw , Poland , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 saying she is defending the rule of law , in defiance of a new law that is forcing her and many others of the court 's judges to retire while their terms are still running . less The president of Poland 's Supreme Court , Malgorzata Gersdorf , arrives for work at the Supreme Court building in Warsaw , Poland , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 saying she is defending the rule of law , in defiance of a ... more Photo : Czarek Sokolowski , AP Image 7 of 10 Anti-government protesters hold up the Polish constitution when rallying in front of Poland 's Supreme Court to support the court 's president , Malgorzata Gersdorf , as she arrived for work , saying she was defending the rule of law , in defiance of a new law that is forcing her and many others of the court 's judges to retire while their terms are still running , before the Supreme Court building in Warsaw , Poland , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018. less Anti-government protesters hold up the Polish constitution when rallying in front of Poland 's Supreme Court to support the court 's president , Malgorzata Gersdorf , as she arrived for work , saying she was ... more Photo : Czarek Sokolowski , AP Image 8 of 10 Protesters gather in front of Poland 's Supreme Court building in Warsaw , Poland , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 to support the court 's president , Malgorzata Gersdorf , as she arrived for work , saying she was defending the rule of law , in defiance of a new law that is forcing her and many others of the court 's judges to retire while their terms are still running . fewer Protesters gather in front of Poland 's Supreme Court building in Warsaw , Poland , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 to support the court 's president , Malgorzata Gersdorf , as she arrived for work , saying she was defending ... more Photo : Czarek Sokolowski , AP Image 9 of 10 Protesters gather in front of Poland 's Supreme Court building in Warsaw , Poland , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 to support the court 's president , Malgorzata Gersdorf , as she arrived for work , saying she was defending the rule of law , in defiance of a new law that is forcing her and many others of the court 's judges to retire while their terms are still running . fewer Protesters gather in front of Poland 's Supreme Court building in Warsaw , Poland , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 to support the court 's president , Malgorzata Gersdorf , as she arrived for work , saying she was defending ... more Photo : Czarek Sokolowski , AP Image 10 of 10 Poles protest the forced retirements of judges under new law 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
WARSAW , Poland ( AP ) — Anti-government protesters rallied in front of the Polish Supreme Court on Wednesday in an act of solidarity with the court 's president , who is being forced to retire under a new judicial overhaul .
The protesters accused the right-wing government of violating the country 's own constitution by forcing the retirement of First President Malgorzata Gersdorf and other justices , decrying the development as a decisive step in the destruction of Poland 's constitutional democracy .
After already having taken control of common courts and the constitutional court , the ruling right-wing Law and Justice party now has captured control of the Supreme Court , the final appeals court for all civil and criminal cases , and the body that authorizes election results .
The new law , which took effect Tuesday , cuts the retirement age to 65 from 70 for Poland 's Supreme Court justices . It is forcing the chief justice and as many as one-third of the court 's 73 sitting judges to step down .
Gersdorf still showed up for work Wednesday , insisting that according to the constitution , her six-year term runs through 2020 . Arriving at the Supreme Court building to applause , the 65-year-old thanked the crowd and said she was acting to protect Poland 's constitution and the rule of law .
`` I want to show that the constitution and the violation of the constitution are two different things , '' Gersdorf told the crowd . `` I still hope that the legal order will be restored in Poland . ''
The crowd chanted `` Judges are not removable ! '' and `` Constitution ! '' and then marched to the Presidential Palace to show their disapproval of the law co-authored by President Andrzej Duda .
European Union officials and human rights groups have expressed alarm at changes to the Polish court system , alleging the moves represent an erosion of judicial independence that violates Western standards .
The European Commission , which polices compliance with EU laws , opened an infringement procedure Monday against Poland over the Supreme Court law .
On Wednesday , Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki defended his government 's policies under tough questioning from lawmakers at the European Parliament in Strasbourg . Some accused his government of backtracking on Poland 's democratic gains , saying the new laws put the courts under political control .
`` Judges are more independent now than they were in the past , '' Morawiecki countered , arguing the judicial changes will better serve ordinary people .
`` We do n't want to rock the European boat , '' Morawiecki said . `` We firmly believe that the European Union has future ahead , we only want our individual , national values to be respected . ''
In a debate dedicated to Europe 's future , Morawiecki also got support from some who backed Warsaw 's arguments that an overreaching EU was meddling in a sovereign state 's internal affairs .
The government insists it is improving Poland 's justice system , saying it was inefficient and controlled by an untouchable `` caste '' of judges . It argues that putting judges under the control of the legislative and executive branches makes the courts answerable to voters .
Back in Warsaw , some of the thousands of protesters feared the ruling party would now use its power to falsify elections .
`` This is not a democratic country governed by law anymore , '' said Krzysztof Trzesniowski , a 57-year-old protester .
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart ' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a `` smart '' insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage , the companies said on Wednesday .
April 6 SHS Viveon AG :
* Chairman of the board , Stefan Gilmozzi , will leave the company at his own request and in agreement with the supervisory board at the beginning of 7 April 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Lili Reinhart has slammed her critics for calling her body dysmorphia `` irrelevant '' .
The 'Riverdale ' star is fed up of being criticised for opening about her body issues and having her comments shut down because she 's `` skinny '' .
She wrote on Twitter : `` Feeling really disheartened by the fact that so many people are saying , 'you 're skinny so shut up about embracing your body ' . As if my body dysmorphia is irrelevant because of how I look to some people . I 'm either not curvy enough or not skinny enough to feel insecure .
`` Mental illness gets worse when people say that you do n't have a right to feel the way you do . That 's where we are failing . Do not encourage this behavior . It is destructive . More destructive than you 'll ever realise . You may not understand someone 's insecurity- but respect it . ( sic ) ''
Meanwhile , Lili previously insisted she will `` never apologise '' for her body .
She wrote on her Instagram story : `` It 's unfortunate that one unflattering photo of my stomach circulating the internet causes hundreds of people to think that I 'm pregnant . Nope . Not pregnant . This is just my body . And sometimes I 'm bloated . Sometimes and unflattering photo is taken of me . Sometimes I go through periods of time where I gain weight . My body is something that I will NEVER apologise for . My body will constantly go through change . And so will yours . And that 's fine . So let 's not put so much time and effort into caring about a stranger 's figure . ( sic ) ''
West Rocks principal receives administrator of the year award
NORWALK — A usual work week for Lynne Moore includes after-school hours and time on the weekend .
The longtime West Rocks Middle School principal said there 's no such thing as walking out the door at 4 o'clock , since her job involves working for students and their families .
This has been her attitude ever since she joined the school as its principal in 1998 .
“ I work for my students by making certain they have all of the materials , technology — that they have the best teachers , the best staff to advocate for when there are budgetary dilemmas , ” Moore said . “ So I 'm very big on kids being able to build relationships with staff , with each other , learning how to respond to each other with empathy and respect . ”
Moore was recently recognized for her work , one of six to receive an administrator of the year award from the Connecticut Association of School Administrators at its annual banquet on May 24 .
This was the first time the association handed out the award , an effort to promote the hard work of school executives .
The other administrators honored with the award were Beth Furnari of Bridgeport , Zandralyn Gordon of Hartford , Trish McGuire of Greenwich , Linda Darling of Stamford and Dianne Vumback of Meriden .
“ I was very honored of course . I work for my students , I do n't work for recognition , ” Moore said , “ but recognition is always appreciated . ”
Anthony Ditrio , the associate 's chairman , said Moore was deserving of the award , having been a former Norwalk principal himself . Overall , Ditrio has spent 47 years with the district in different roles .
“ Anyone who knows Dr. Moore — and we spoke about this before giving her award — there 's no one who works harder for all students than Dr. Moore , ” Ditrio said . “ She 's tireless . She sacrifices her own will . She sometimes gets beat up up a lot because she gets out there for others who are afraid to talk and she stands up for everything she can to be there for her kids . ”
In general , Ditrio said administrators in Connecticut deserve more recognition for the work they do and the effort they put forth .
“ You only hear about administrators when they get something wrong and that 's something we 're trying to correct , ” Ditrio said .
This year 's award winners were selected from nominations submitted by the association 's district members . The association has about 40 district members and about 1,000 administrators from the state , according to Ditrio .
skim @ hearstmediact.com ; 203-842-2568 ; @ stephaniehnkim
LONDON , March 28 Britain will have to make do without world number one Andy Murray for their Davis Cup quarter-final in France after he was omitted on Tuesday from captain Leon Smith 's team due to injury .
Wimbledon champion Murray is still struggling with the elbow injury that forced him to miss the Miami Open .
`` Not having Andy in the side is obviously a big loss ... but most importantly we all wish him well for a speedy recovery back to full health and fitness , '' Smith said .
`` I know that he would really want to be here with the rest of the team . ''
The 2015 champions will instead rely on Dan Evans and Kyle Edmund , ranked 43 and 45 respectively , for the match in Rouen on April 7 to 9 .
Jamie Murray and Dominic Inglot are the doubles players .
While Murray 's absence is a blow he also sat out the World Group first round tie in Canada which Britain won .
`` This is a team with significant Davis Cup experience now and these guys have all stepped up and delivered performances at the very top of the competition , '' Smith said .
The two nations are meeting for the second time in three years after Murray inspired Britain to a quarter-final victory at Queen 's Club in 2015 .
France captain Yannick Noah is yet to select his team but could have Jo-Wilfried Tsonga back after he missed the first round victory over Japan . Richard Gasquet , Gilles Simon and Nicolas Mahut are also options . ( Reporting by Martyn Herman ; editing by John Stonestreet )
A photo from a dance in the first year shows a 19-year-old and an 80-year-old sharing the dance floor .
`` I remember seeing that and saying that 's perfect , that 's exactly what we wanted , '' Holland said .
Although the events are all-ages , the little ones are often tucked into bed before the party really gets started , Holland said .
The biggest group to attend is usually the teens , who do n't saunter in until a bit later .
`` They show up at about 11 p.m. and bring the life and energy , '' Leahy said smiling .
And that 's what it 's all about , really .
`` It 's a safe environment , in their own community , so they do n't have to go into Peterborough to go to an event , '' Leahy said .
`` You find so often to have to leave Douro to do anything … so it 's great to be able to do something here , '' Holland added .
Leading up to a dance , Leahy 's wife sends out an email saying what food is still needed ( sandwiches , fruits and veggies or desserts ) and community members dig into their own pockets to contribute .
Funds from ticket sales go towards \operational costs – though last year 's Halloween dance was so busy , the committee directed some money to the Strong Heart campaign for the Hospital for Sick Children .
After four years running , Leahy said he often still hears the same feedback he 's heard all along .
`` When 's the next event ? '' he said laughing .
March 30 Pure Multi-family REIT LP :
* Pure Multi-Family REIT LP announces increase to previously announced equity offering to CND $ 80 million ( US $ 60 million )
* To upsize its previously announced equity offering to 9 million class a units of Pure Multi-Family at a price of CDN $ 8.90/unit
* Intends to use net proceeds from financing to fund future acquisitions Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
SPOTSYLVANIA COUNTY , Va. – A retired Navy Captain has been arrested and charged with attempting to solicit sex from a minor in Spotsylvania County .
The Spotsylvania Sheriff 's Office said their Child Exploitation Unit ( CEU ) began interacting Thad Dobbert , 49 , of King George , Va. , approximately two weeks ago .
A Detective with the unit , detective posing as a young teenage girl , responded to an ad Dobbert posted online .
The Sheriff 's Office said after the detective made contact with Dobbert , he expressed sexual interest in who he believed to be a 14-year-old girl .
Investigators said on Friday , April 14 , Dobbert agreed to meet the 14-year-old at a pre-determined location in Spotsylvania County for what “ he intended to be a sexual encounter . ”
When the 49-year-old arrived to the location he was taken into custody by detectives and members of the Sheriff 's Office Street Crimes Unit .
Dobbert was charged with Electronic solicitation of a minor and attempted indecent liberty of a minor .
“ Trained members of the Sheriff 's Office CEU continually search internet chatting sites and applications in search of online predators , ” said the Spotsylvania Sheriff 's Office in a statement . “ CEU detectives encourage parents to be vigilant and monitor their children 's online activity . ”
Rapid industry adoption of Mbed™ Platform with more than 300,000 developers ( > 30 % growth over the past year ) and 80 partners
Arm expands integration with IBM Watson IoT , and partners with Cybertrust and GlobalSign to deliver BYOC ( Bring-Your-Own-Certificate ) flexible IoT security authentication
Mbed drives IoT business value for logistics , utilities and smart cities as organizations shift to Industry 4.0
For Arm , enabling a world of a trillion connected devices requires more than designing the industry 's most efficient and secure chips . We have to make it simple for IoT devices to be securely developed , deployed and managed throughout their lifecycle . This will help organizations take advantage of the opportunities offered by IoT data and combine this with their business data to create valuable business outcomes . However , in talking with these organizations , many feel that pursuing opportunities to achieve these business outcomes through IoT opens themselves up to more IT complexity and greater security concerns .
Security and complexity of integration are legitimate concerns that we 're addressing with our Arm Mbed Platform . This platform provides the necessary IoT building blocks including , connectivity , device management , security and provisioning with the support of a 300,000+ strong developer community that has grown more than 30 % in the past year .
It 's also supported by a growing ecosystem of 80 contributing partners such as IBM , which is bridging the Mbed Cloud with IBM Watson IoT Platform . And today , we 've integrated Mbed Cloud with Cybertrust and GlobalSign to provide more flexible security authentication for IoT devices .
Industry is changing – are you keeping up ?
These integrations are just the latest examples of how Arm is staying out in front of the evolving nature of IoT and addressing organizational challenges for implementing at scale . Some of these challenges include fragmentation of suppliers , types of devices , multiple hosting requirements for the IoT environment and regulatory constraints . In fact , Uptime Institute found that 65 % of enterprise workloads continue to stay in on-premises data centers , which means that companies require support for an on-premises deployment solution , in addition to public and private cloud integrations . [ 1 ]
With these expectations in mind , Mbed Cloud and Mbed Cloud On Premises were designed to provide the powerful device management , connectivity and provisioning that customers demand , supported across multiple public and private clouds , on-premises and hybrid environments . Combining robust security , scalability and simplicity , organizations can manage their entire IoT environment , regardless of how it 's deployed .
Security is priority # 1 and requires a collaborative effort
IoT security should be easy to implement , not an inhibitor . The new integrations between Mbed Cloud and Cybertrust and GlobalSign enable customers to BYOC ( Bring-Your-Own-Certificate ) for flexible and secure IoT authentication , leveraging the public key infrastructure they already use . Security should also be built into development , which is why we are planning to make our free open-sourced development platform , Mbed OS , the first OS to support PSA-Compliant trusted boot , storage and opaque cryptography .
However , even when security is built-in , software updates are often needed to maintain a strong security posture , which is a challenge when there are millions of devices already deployed out in the field . Through our expanded integration with IBM Watson IoT Platform , its users can now manage , provision and update firmware over-the-air for their IoT devices through Mbed Cloud .
Industrial IoT made possible
As organizations continue to shift to Industry 4.0 – the trend towards automation and smart manufacturing – efficiently managing the devices in their IoT deployment can make all the difference . Arm Mbed is uniquely positioned to support these industrial organizations by breaking down the barriers to IoT adoption . This will enable them to branch out into new markets , provide greater value to their end users , and unlock the promise of Industrial IoT .
A few examples of opportunities we 've been creating for our customers include GMO Cloud , as well as Alphatronics where we helped a waste management company easily secure and connect existing infrastructure to IoT in Belgium .
[ 1 ] Uptime Institute ( ‘ Data Center Industry Survey , ' May 2017 )
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
By Jessica Estrada | February 14 , 2017 | Watches & Jewelry
Have n't jumped on the hoop earring bandwagon yet ? The trend is back and better than ever . Hop on with these stylish hoops of all different sizes and styles .
Lana Jewelry
Reckless Rose Hooked On Hoop , Lana Jewelry ( $ 1,995 ) . lanajewelry.com
At once edgy and classy , these simple gold hoops with dazzling black diamonds make a major statement .
ERA Jewelry
Brick Brigade Hoops , ERA Jewelry ( $ 713 ) . erajewelrydesigns.com
Although dainty in size , this baby rose gold hoops will turn heads thanks to their darling dangling white sapphires .
Erickson Beamon
Wild Thing Gold-Plated Swarovski Crystal Earrings , Erickson Beamon ( $ 235 ) . net-a-porter.com
Why rock one pair of hoops when you can rock three ? These not-so-subtle hoops combine gold , crystals , and box chain into a wearable piece of art .
Gorjana
Shimmer Hoops , Gorjana ( $ 65 ) . 190 Beach St. , Laguna Beach , 949-715-8166
Whether you wear them with your hair up or down , these shimmery hoops will elicit tons of compliments .
Lionette
Kerala Earrings , Lionette ( $ 338 ) . lionetteny.com
Boho and glam come together to create these dazzling hoops covered in Swarovski crystals .
Jennifer Zeuner
Tenley Hoops , Jennifer Zeuner ( $ 198 ) . jenniferzeuner.com
If you 're more of a minimalist when it comes to jewelry , these subtle , go-with-everything hoops are for you .
Alexander McQueen
Swarovski Crystal and Faux Pearl Earrings , Alexander McQueen ( $ 1,395 ) . net-a-porter.com
Go big or go home with these decadent Alexander McQueen gold-plated hoops decked out with crystals and pearls .
Rosantica
Carmen Beaded Hoop Earrings , Rosantica ( $ 298 ) . Intermix , 400 N. Beverly Dr. , Beverly Hills , 310-623-1619
Add some color to your jewelry collection with these vibrant hoops . You 'll feel like you 're on an exotic vacay every time you put them on .
Aurelie Bidermann
Diana Black Twisted Hoop Earrings , Aurelie Bidermann ( $ 331 ) . aureliebidermann.com
You 'll definitely want to don sleek , swept back hair with these enamel hoops with a cool 1960 's vibe .
Isabel Marant
Perky Beaded Hoop-Drop earrings , Isabel Marant ( $ 165 ) . matchesfashion.com
In true Isabel Marant fashion , these hoops are the epitome of bohemian chic with their gold hue and eclectic mix of colored beads .
Swarovski
Crystaldust Hoop Pierced Earrings , Swarovski ( $ 59 ) . 1151A Glendale Galleria Way , Glendale , 818-244-9866
There 's no denying that these crystal-encrusted hoops pack a major style punch .
March 31 Terra Mauricia Ltd :
* FY group profit before taxation of 433.4 million rupees versus 784.1 million rupees year ago
* FY group turnover of 4.86 billion rupees versus 4.28 billion rupees year ago
* Says co expect most of its segments , with the exception of sugar , to perform as well as last year Source : bit.ly/2ofGrYN Further company coverage : ( Bangalore.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Line Corp :
* LINE MOBILE CORP SAYS EXECUTED MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING WITH SOFTBANK CORP IN ORDER TO PROCEED WITH DISCUSSIONS PERTAINING TO A STRATEGIC ALLIANCE
* LINE MOBILE CORPORATION SAYS IT IS PLANNED FOR CO TO CHANGE FROM A CONSOLIDATED UNIT TO AN EQUITY-METHOD AFFILIATE OF LINE CORPORATION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
BOSASSO , April 3 Pirates have hijacked a Indian commercial ship off the coast of Somalia and the vessel is heading toward the shore , a former government anti-piracy official told Reuters on Monday .
`` We understand Somali pirates hijacked a commercial Indian ship and ( it is heading ) towards Somalia shores , '' Abdirizak Mohamed Dirir , a former director of the anti-piracy agency in Somalia 's semi-autonomous Puntland region , said . ( Reporting by Abdiqani Hassan ; Writing by Elias Biryabarema ; Editing by Louise Ireland )
Child labour still remains a challenge in society , as over one million children in Zambia are trapped in the problem .
Speaking when officiating at a two days training for the District Child Labour Committee , Chipata District Administrative Officer , Kapembwa Sikazwe , says the majority of the children are working in the agricultural sector , which is the main economic activity for the province .
Mr. Sikazwe says the numbers are worrying because the district may be accounting for a bigger percentage of the children involved in child labour .
Mr. Sikazwe also noted that because Chipata district is near the borders with two countries , children in the district at a higher risk of being trafficked .
However , he says that government has made efforts in the fight against child labour .
He says government has enacted laws aimed at curbing the vice .
Mr. Sikazwe says government is happy that the District Child Labour Committee has continued itself to source for funds towards the fight against child labour .
The main aim of the training is to strengthen the capacity of the District Child Labour Committee in dealing with the problem of Child labour in the district .
China releases Australian mining exec Stern Hu from prison
Photo : Samuel McNeil , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 A security official stands at the gate of the Qingpu Prison on the outskirts of Shanghai , China , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 . China 's foreign ministry says Stern Hu , a former executive of the mining giant Rio Tinto , was released from prison on Wednesday after serving a 10-year sentence in Shanghai after being convicted of accepting bribes and stealing trade secrets in 2010. less A security official stands at the gate of the Qingpu Prison on the outskirts of Shanghai , China , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 . China 's foreign ministry says Stern Hu , a former executive of the mining giant Rio ... more Photo : Samuel McNeil , AP China releases Australian mining exec Stern Hu from prison 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
BEIJING ( AP ) — An Australian citizen and former executive of the mining giant Rio Tinto was released from prison in Shanghai on Wednesday after serving a sentence on corruption charges , the Chinese foreign ministry said .
Stern Hu had been given a 10-year sentence after being convicted of accepting bribes and stealing trade secrets in 2010 . The case strained ties between Australia and its largest trading partner , China , whose legal system is often criticized for a lack of transparency and due process .
Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang said during a regular press briefing in Beijing that Hu 's sentence was reduced because of good behavior .
Hu 's `` lawful rights and interests in accordance with law '' were ensured during his prison sentence and his sentence was `` mitigated '' because he also observed China 's `` laws , regulations and disciplines , '' Lu said at a daily news briefing .
Hu led Rio Tinto 's iron ore operations in China before he and three Chinese colleagues were arrested in 2009 .
The case closely followed fraught negotiations between Rio Tinto and a Chinese state-owned company which ended after Rio abandoned a $ 19.5 billion deal . That fueled speculation that Hu and his colleagues were being targeted for retaliation , but China rejected the notion that the deal was a factor in the arrests .
Australia-China relations have been tense in recent months , as Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull proposed legislation on foreign interference amid accusations that Beijing was meddling in Australia 's domestic politics .
Australian foreign minister Julie Bishop said in a statement that she welcomed Hu 's release .
`` Australian consular officials in China will continue to provide consular assistance to Mr. Hu and his family for as long as it is needed , '' Bishop said .
Rio Tinto has head offices in both London and Melbourne .
In the race to commercialize a new type of powerful computer , Microsoft has just pulled up to the starting line with a slick-looking set of wheels . There 's just one problem : it does n't have an engine - at least not yet .
The Redmond , Washington-based tech giant is competing with Google , IBM Corp. and a clutch of small , specialized companies to develop quantum computers - machines that , in theory , will be many times more powerful than existing computers by bending the laws of physics .
Microsoft says it has a different approach that will make its technology less error-prone and more suitable for commercial use . If it works . On Monday , the company unveiled a new programming language called Q # - pronounced Q Sharp - and tools that help coders craft software for quantum computers .
Microsoft is also releasing simulators that will let programmers test that software on a traditional desktop computer or through its Azure cloud-computing service .
The machines are one of the advanced technologies , along with artificial intelligence and augmented reality , that Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella considers crucial to the future of his company . Microsoft , like IBM and Google , will most likely rent computing time on these quantum machines through the internet as a service .
D-Wave Systems Inc. in 2011 became the first company to sell a quantum computer , although its technology has been controversial and can only perform a certain subset of mathematical problems . Google and IBM have produced machines that are thought to be close to achieving `` quantum supremacy '' - the ability to tackle a problem too complex to solve on any standard supercomputer . IBM and startup Rigetti Computing also have software for their machines .
Microsoft , in contrast , is still trying to build a working machine . It is pursuing a novel design based on controlling an elusive particle called a Majorana fermion that no one was sure even existed a few years ago . Engineers are close to being able to control the Majorana fermion in a way that will enable them to perform calculations , Todd Holmdahl , head of Microsoft 's quantum computing efforts , said in an interview . Holmdahl , who led development of the Xbox and the company 's HoloLens goggles , said Microsoft will have a quantum computer on the market within five years .
`` We are talking to multiple customers today and we are proposing quantum-inspired services for certain problems , '' he added .
These systems push the boundaries of how atoms and other tiny particles work . While traditional computers process bits of information as 1s or zeros , quantum machines rely on `` qubits '' that can be a 1 and a zero at the same time . So two qubits can represent four numbers simultaneously , and three qubits can represent eight numbers , and so on . This means quantum computers can perform calculations much faster than standard machines and tackle problems that are way more complex .
Applications could include things like creating new drugs and new materials or solving complex chemistry problems . The `` killer app '' of quantum computing is discovering a more efficient way to synthesize ammonia for fertilizer - a process that currently consumes three percent of the world 's natural gas , according to Krysta Svore , who oversees the software aspects of Microsoft 's quantum work .
BARCELONA , Spain — As separatists in Catalonia jockeyed Friday to elude court rulings and find ways to deliver on their promise to declare independence , business giants hit back with plans to relocate their headquarters elsewhere in Spain amid the increasing political uncertainty .
Caixabank , Spain 's third lender in global assets , said Friday that it was moving from Barcelona to the eastern city of Valencia , `` given the current situation in Catalonia . '' It said it wants to remain in the eurozone and under the supervision of the European Central Bank — two things that would not happen if Catalonia did manage to secede .
The region 's separatist government has vowed to use a pro-independence victory in a disputed referendum last weekend to go ahead with secession , while calling for Spain 's central government to accept a dialogue .
But the government of Spain 's conservative Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has rejected any negotiations unless the separatists drop their secession bid . Rajoy urged Catalan regional President Carles Puigdemont to cancel plans for declaring independence in order to avoid `` greater evils . ''
`` In order to dialogue , you must stay within the legal framework , '' Spanish cabinet spokesperson Inigo Mendez de Vigo told reporters Friday , blaming the secessionists for breaking Spain 's constitutional order .
`` Coexistence is broken '' in Catalonia , he said , warning Catalans that a parliamentary declaration of independence `` is not enough '' and that the international community needs to recognize independent nations .
No country has openly said it would support secession , and the European Union says an independent Catalonia would be kicked out of the bloc and forced to stop using the common euro currency . The EU says Catalonia would have to apply to rejoin , a lengthy , uncertain process .
The prospect of an exit has sent shivers among business heavyweights , including lender Banco Sabadell and energy giant Gas Natural , who were among the firms to green light relocations of their registered address .
The companies are moving only their official address and so far that does not affect jobs or investments . It does n't , however , send a message of confidence in the government of Puigdemont .
Americans seem to love sharing myths about Fred Rogers , the friendly neighbour known the world over as Mister Rogers . Consider the one about how he wore cardigans to cover up his tattoos ( false ) . Or the one about how he was an ordained Presbyterian minister . That one is true — he graduated from Pittsburgh Theological Seminary in 1963 — and it 's far more foundational to Rogers ' legacy than you might think . Rogers was a man defined by his Christian faith , and the message that he taught every day on his beloved children 's show was shaped by it . `` If Protestants had saints , '' Jonathan Merritt wrote at the Atlantic , `` Mister Rogers might already have been canonized . ''
The news that Tom Hanks will be portraying Fred Rogers in a coming biopic was met with frenzied glee , as Hanks is one of the few contemporary celebrities who approach Rogers ' universally beloved status . But even Hanks , for all his charms , does n't occupy the same stratosphere of Rogers 's legacy of moral and spiritual importance .
He was a pastor on television in the golden era of televangelism , but unlike televangelists , Rogers ' focus was n't on eternal life , but our own interior lives . Christian evangelists were making a name for themselves preaching about the wickedness of mankind , but Rogers was more interested in his viewers ' inherent value and worth . Evangelists were finding ways the human race did n't measure up to God 's moral standard . But Rogers said over and over again : `` You 've made this day a special day by just your being you . There is no person in the whole world like you , and I like you just the way you are . ''
If this sounds like the sort of easy , shallow talking point espoused by the likes of Joel Olsteen , consider these words : `` Love is n't a perfect state of caring , '' he wrote in `` The World According to Mister Rogers . '' `` It 's an active noun like 'struggle . ' To love someone is to strive to accept that person exactly the way he or she is , right here and now . '' Rogers was n't telling children that they were so perfect that there was no room for them ever to improve as people ; just that he loved them as they were , regardless of who they were or what they had done .
`` I think everybody longs to be loved , and longs to know that he or she is lovable , '' he said in the 2003 documentary `` America 's favourite Neighbor . '' `` And , consequently , the greatest thing that we can do is to help somebody know that they 're loved and capable of loving . ''
Rogers echoed the sentiment of the biblical passage 1 John 4:10 , `` This is love : Not that we loved God , but that He loved us and sent his son as an atoning sacrifice for our sins . '' The focus is not just how important it is that you 're loved , but also how vital it is to be loving .
Rogers ' theological messages could be traced to the biblical notion of `` neighbour '' and Jesus ' parable about the good Samaritan . As Jesus tells it , a Jewish man was mugged and left for dead , and his body was ignored by the religious elite who passed by . But then a man from the despised country of Samaria stopped and showed kindness . This was Jesus ' roundabout way of answering the question `` Who is my neighbour ? ''
Jesus ' point — that the Samaritan and the Jewish man were neighbours in a spiritual sense , if not a physical one — feels right at home on `` Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood , '' where Rogers greeted you with a daily `` Hi , neighbour ! '' as if the whole world lived in the same close-knit community .
It might be tempting to think Mister Rogers ' message came from a simpler time , but his show debuted just a few months after the Cuban missile crisis , and the world remained on tenterhooks . Rogers ' message upended a few apple carts in his own time , and it frankly remains countercultural today .
The notion of a worldwide neighbourhood in which everyone belongs has been replaced by a call for isolationism . Rogers was aware of our own propensity to kick people out — an early episode of his show featured King Friday , the ruler of the Neighborhood of Make-Believe , attempting to build a wall around his kingdom to protect it from change . Sound familiar ?
NEW YORK , April 20 Shareholders of Innoviva Inc. handed a narrow victory to the U.S. respiratory drug company , voting in its three directors after fending off nominees from activist hedge fund Sarissa Capital , according to a source close to the matter .
In a dramatic turn that played out late until Wednesday night , the two sides nearly agreed to avoid the vote through a settlement but the company bowed out of the plan at the last minute when it became clearer that it may win all three seats . The source said a settlement would have added two of Sarissa 's director nominees to the board .
Innoviva and Sarissa were not immediately available for comment .
( Reporting by Michael Flaherty ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
Contact
Laura Sánchez
* * * @ at3w.com Laura Sánchez
End
-- We represent Spain at the Technical Committee on Lightning Protection meeting of the International Electrotechnical Commission ( IEC-TC81 ) .During the week of 24 to 28 September in Rzeszów ( Poland ) the meetings of the Working Groups and Plenary of the Technical Committee 81 ( Lightning Protection ) of IEC were held . An expert of Aplicaciones Tecnológicas , S.A. attended this meeting as the sole representative of the Spanish delegation.The International Electrotechnical Commission ( IEC-TC81 ) is an organisation that prepares and publishes standards dealing with electrical and electronic devices , applicable in more than 160 countries . Technicians of Aplicaciones Tecnológicas , S.A. have been involved in the development of lightning protection standards , both national and international , for more than 25 years , bringing in our experience and also achieving the knowledge of the latest normative requirements.In APLICACIONES TECNOLOGICAS , S.A are experts in lightning protection systems and lightning rods . We have at your disposal all the existing technology and innovate every day , giving suitable solutions to each particular case . We manufacture our products according to maximum quality standards . Research , innovation and safety are the key factor underlining our leadership and presence the world over .
Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton takes part in the Women for Women International Luncheon in New York City , New York , U.S. , May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton takes part in the Women for Women International Luncheon in New York , U.S. , May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton takes part in the Women for Women International Luncheon in New York , U.S. , May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton takes part in the Women for Women International Luncheon in New York City , New York , U.S. , May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Hillary Clinton said on Tuesday she was on the path to victory in the 2016 presidential election until late interference by Russian hackers and FBI Director James Comey scared off some potential supporters .
In her most extensive public comments on the Nov. 8 election , Clinton told a New York conference she was derailed by Comey 's Oct. 28 letter informing Congress the Federal Bureau of Investigation had reopened a probe of her use of a private email server and by the WikiLeaks release of campaign chairman John Podesta 's emails , allegedly stolen by Russian hackers .
`` If the election had been on October 27 , I would be your president , '' she told a women 's conference moderated by CNN 's Christiane Amanpour .
`` It was n't a perfect campaign , but I was on the way to winning until a combination of Comey 's letter and Russian WikiLeaks , '' the Democrat said of the loss to Republican Donald Trump . `` The reason why I believe we lost were the intervening events in the last 10 days . ''
Clinton , who said she is going through the `` painful process '' of writing a book dealing in part with the election , also said misogyny played a role in her defeat . Becoming the first woman U.S. president would have been `` a really big deal , '' she said .
Clinton took personal responsibility for the campaign 's mistakes , but did not question her strategy or her staff . `` I was the candidate , I was the person who was on the ballot . I am very aware of the challenges , the problems , the shortfalls that we had , '' Clinton said .
She said she had no doubt that Russian President Vladimir Putin tried to influence the election for Trump , and bluntly criticized the new U.S. president for some of his foreign policy views and for tweeting too much .
`` I 'm back to being an activist citizen - and part of the resistance , '' she said .
Clinton said broader negotiations involving China and other countries in the region were critical for convincing North Korea to rein in its nuclear programme . She questioned Trump 's recent suggestion he would be willing to meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un under the right circumstances .
`` You should not offer that in the absence of a broader strategic framework to try to get China , Japan , Russia , South Korea , to put the kind of pressure on the regime that will finally bring them to the negotiating table , '' Clinton said .
She also said she supported the recent missile strikes ordered by Trump in Syria but was unsure if they would make a difference . `` There is a lot that we do n't really yet fully know about what was part of that strike , '' she said .
( Editing by Phil Berlowitz and James Dalgleish )
Despite his storied career in WCW and WWE , Scott Steiner has yet to be inducted in the WWE Hall of Fame . During an interview with Andy Malnoske of Wrestling Inc. , Steiner did not hold back his thoughts about what he believes is a fake Hall of Fame .
Steiner 's estrangement from the WWE initially stemmed from the company releasing him in 2004 while he was injured . Later , the WWE banned Steiner from attending the 2015 Hall of Fame ceremony after an alleged incident between him and Hulk Hogan 's wife . Steiner said the fact that a physical WWE Hall of Fame does n't exist diminishes the honor and negates its legitimacy .
`` Can you go someplace and say that it is legit when it does n't exist ? How can you say it is legit ? It defies all odds . You can not have a Hall of Fame if you can not visit . It is the creation of someone 's mind . It boggles my mind that people care about being in the Hall of Fame when it does n't even exist . Would you go to a grocery store but there is no food ? It is such a freaking joke it drives me crazy . I do n't give a f * * k. The Hall of Fame does n't exist , '' Steiner said . `` You ca n't visit it . I get so sick of talking about it because it is so stupid . People take it so seriously . Some guys really just mark out for themselves and think of how great it is . It is freaking fake . It does n't exist . It 's crazy . People ask me that question all the time but I give the same answer all of the time . It does n't exist . You might as well put the Hall of Fame on the moon . It 's the same s * * t. You are never going to go to the moon to visit the Hall of Fame . I do n't care if it was on earth ; you would n't visit it either . ''
See Also Scott Steiner Reveals His Dream Match And Worst Mistake He Ever Made In His Pro Wrestling Career
Steiner was also asked if he would accept an induction into the WWE Hall of Fame if offered . He said it all would come down to money , as he feels the honor warrants a payment . Steiner said it amazes him that people accept induction into the Hall of Fame for free and he would never do that .
`` It 's like anything else ; you have to pay , '' Steiner said . `` He [ Vince McMahon ] gets paid for the show . The Network pays for him to have the show . If you are going to pay me , sure . Pay me ! These guys do it for free , but the whole concept is crazy to me . It is amazing -- but , people do it . ''
You can watch the full interview in the video above .
Peter Bahi contributed to this article .
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK , June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world .
BRIEF-Clifton Bancorp Inc to pay $ 0.25 special dividend
* Clifton Bancorp Inc - declared a special cash dividend of $ 0.25 per share on its outstanding common stock , payable on or about July 13 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
A sign is seen at an AstraZeneca site in Macclesfield , central England May 19 , 2014 . REUTERS/Phil Noble/File Photo
LONDON AstraZeneca boosted its early-stage respiratory medicine pipeline on Wednesday by signing a deal with Pieris Pharmaceuticals to develop novel inhaled drugs that could fight asthma in new ways .
Pieris will get upfront and near-term milestone payments of $ 57.5 million and up to $ 2.1 billion if the experimental drugs go on to become commercially successful .
Pieris will be responsible for advancing its preclinical lead candidate , PRS-060 , into initial Phase I clinical trials in 2017 , the two companies said .
( Reporting by Ben Hirschler )
DENVER — Nikola Jokic scored 19 points , including a go-ahead 3-pointer with 2:10 left , and added nine rebounds as the Denver Nuggets beat the Golden State Warriors 115-108 on Saturday night .
Will Barton had 25 points and Gary Harris 16 for the Nuggets , who split the four games with Golden State this season . Denver rallied from 12 down in the second half to hand the Warriors their second loss in three games .
Kevin Durant scored 31 points and Stephen Curry had 24 for Golden State .
Denver got a scare when Jamal Murray left the game with a right leg injury after he collided with Draymond Green on a drive into the lane less than a minute in . He went to the locker room and came back to the bench with his right thigh heavily wrapped .
Murray played 28 minutes and had 12 of his 15 points after halftime .
Durant , who did n't attempt a shot in the first quarter , was 12 of 16 from the field the rest of the game . He had nine points in the fourth when Golden State appeared to take control , but Denver rallied to take a 102-99 lead on Barton 's 3-pointer .
With the game tied at 104 , Harris misfired on a dunk but the ball went to Jokic in the corner , and he drained a 3-pointer to give Denver the lead .
After Curry missed a 26-footer , Jokic hit two free throws to make it 109-104 and Denver closed it out .
TIP-INS
Warriors : F David West ( personal reasons ) and Jordan Bell ( left ankle ) were out of the lineup . ... G Shaun Livingston returned after missing Friday 's game for personal reasons . ... C JaVale McGee had five fouls in 6:15 but also finished with a game-high four blocks .
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks ' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN , June 15 Italy 's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same , the head of the insurance group said on Thursday .
April 5 Cott Corp
* Cott announces partial redemption of DS services of America , Inc. 's 10.000 % second-priority senior secured notes due 2021
* Cott Corp - redemption price of notes , as set forth in indenture , is equal to 100.000 % of principal amount of such notes redeemed
* Cott Corp - unit gave notice to trustees of its intent to redeem $ 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of currently outstanding notes on May 5 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
WASHINGTON | The sun is about to spill some of its secrets , maybe even reveal a few hidden truths of the cosmos . And you can get in on the act next week if you are in the right place for the best solar eclipse in the U.S. in nearly a century .
Astronomers are going full blast to pry even more science from the mysterious ball of gas that 's vital to Earth . They 'll look from the ground , using telescopes , cameras , binoculars and whatever else works . They 'll look from the International Space Station and a fleet of 11 satellites in space . And in between , they 'll fly three planes and launch more than 70 high-altitude balloons .
In this Aug. 1 , 2017 photo , a visitor to the Nashville Zoo in Nashville , Tenn. , takes a picture of animals . For the Aug. 21 , 2017 eclipse , the zoo is asking visitors to observe and keep track of what the animals are doing . ( AP Photo/Kristin M. Hall ) In this Aug. 3 , 2017 photo , amateur astronomer Mike Conley practices with the telescope he will use to document the Aug. 21 total solar eclipse , at his home in Salem , Ore. Conley is part of a project led by the National Solar Observatory to have dozens of citizen-scientists posted across the U.S. photograph the celestial event in an effort to create a live movie of its path that will help scientists learn more about the sun 's corona . ( AP Photo/Gillian Flaccus ) FILE - In this Dec. 28 , 1934 file photo , Albert Einstein uses a blackboard as he speaks at a meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Pittsburgh , Pa . In 1915 , then a little known scientist , Einstein proposed his general theory of relativity , a milestone in physics that says what we perceive as the force of gravity is actually from the curvature of space and time . He could n't prove it , but did say there were three ways to prove it and one was to show how distant starlight bends during an eclipse . In 1919 , Arthur Eddington observed the right amount of bending , something they could n't do without the moon 's shadow eclipsing the sun . ( AP Photo ) This photo provided by Bob Baer and Sarah Kovac , participants in the Citizen CATE Experiment , shows a `` diamond ring '' shape during the 2016 total solar eclipse in Indonesia . For the 2017 eclipse over the United States , the National Science Foundation-funded movie project nicknamed Citizen CATE will have more than 200 volunteers trained and given special small telescopes and tripods to observe the sun at 68 locations in the exact same way . The thousands of images from the citizen-scientists will be combined for a movie of the usually hard-to-see sun 's edge . ( R. Baer , S. Kovac/Citizen CATE Experiment via AP )
“ We expect a boatload of science from this one , ” said Jay Pasachoff , a Williams College astronomer who has traveled to 65 eclipses of all kinds .
Scientists will focus on the sun , but they will also examine what happens to Earth 's weather , to space weather , and to animals and plants on Earth as the moon totally blocks out the sun . The moon 's shadow will sweep along a narrow path , from Oregon to South Carolina .
Between NASA and the National Science Foundation , the federal government is spending about $ 7.7 million on next Monday 's eclipse . One of the NASA projects has students launching the high-altitude balloons to provide “ live footage from the edge of space ” during the eclipse .
But it 's not just the professionals or students . NASA has a list of various experiments everyday people can do .
“ Millions of people can walk out on their porch in their slippers and collect world-class data , ” said Matt Penn , an astronomer at the National Solar Observatory in Tucson , Arizona .
Penn is a chief scientist for a National Science Foundation-funded movie project nicknamed Citizen CATE . More than 200 volunteers have been trained and given special small telescopes and tripods to observe the sun at 68 locations in the exact same way . The thousands of images from the citizen-scientists will be combined for a movie of the usually hard-to-see sun 's edge .
Mike Conley , a Salem , Oregon , stock trader whose backyard is studded with telescopes , jumped at the chance to be part of the science team .
“ Who knows ? Maybe a great secret will come of this , the mysteries of the sun will be revealed , because we 're doing something that 's never been done before and we 're getting data that 's never been seen before , ” he said . “ A big discovery will come and everybody will say , ‘ Hey , we were part of that ! ' ”
You do n't need to have telescopes to help out . You can use the iNaturalist app via the California Academy of Sciences and note the reaction of animals and plants around you . You can go to a zoo , like the Nashville Zoo , where they are asking people to keep track of what the animals are doing . The University of California , Berkeley , is seeking photos and video for its Eclipse Megamovie 2017 , hoping to get more than 1,000 volunteers .
Even with all the high-tech , high-flying instruments now available , when it comes to understanding much of the sun 's mysteries , nothing beats an eclipse , said Williams College 's Pasachoff . That 's because the sun is so bright that even satellites and special probes ca n't gaze straight at the sun just to glimpse the outer crown , or corona . Satellites create artificial eclipses to blot out the sun , but they ca n't do it as well as the moon , he said .
The corona is what astronomers really focus on during an eclipse . It 's the sun 's outer atmosphere where space weather originates , where jutting loops of red glowing plasma lash out and where the magnetic field shows fluctuations . The temperature in the outer atmosphere is more than 1 million degrees hotter than it is on the surface of the sun and scientists want to figure out why .
“ It 's ironic that we 've learned most about the sun when its disk is hidden from view , ” said Fred “ Mr . Eclipse ” Espenak , a retired NASA astronomer who specialized in eclipses for the space agency .
And they learn other things , too . Helium — the second most abundant element in the universe — was n't discovered on Earth until its chemical spectrum was spotted during an eclipse in 1868 , Espenak said .
But that discovery is eclipsed by what an eclipse did for Albert Einstein and physics .
Einstein was a little known scientist in 1915 when he proposed his general theory of relativity , a milestone in physics that says what we perceive as the force of gravity is actually from the curvature of space and time . It explains the motion of planets , black holes and the bending of light from distant galaxies .
Einstein could n't prove it but said one way to do so was to show that light from a distant star bends during an eclipse . During a 1919 eclipse , Arthur Eddington observed the right amount of bending , something that could n't be done without the moon 's shadow eclipsing the sun .
“ It marked a complete change in the understanding of the universe , ” said Mark Littmann of the University of Tennessee , a former planetarium director . “ Bang . Right there . ”
Associated Press writer Gillian Flaccus in Oregon contributed to this report .
Follow AP 's coverage of the total solar eclipse here
Follow Seth Borenstein on Twitter at @ borenbears and his work can be found here .
Fans of all ages gathered at Sunworks and The Coconut Room to celebrate International Harry Potter Book Night recently .
“ It 's the magic , ” said Kathryn Harris , event organizer and the general manger of Sunworks . “ People love the involvement with the story—no one has created a world to this extent in a book before . ”
There were 13,200 parties held through the world in celebration of Harry Potter Book Night this year , according to the Bloomsbury Publishing web site . Red Deer was one of less than a dozen cities to host an event in Canada .
Harris and her team went all out creating a magical night for guests .
The space was elaborately decorated like a tavern in the Wizarding World and the movie soundtrack played in the background . They were serving hot mugs of butter beer , a favourite beverage in the stories . There was also a wand making station , wizard chess , a scavenger hunt and a book reading .
Most of the attendants were dressed in their best robes , but those in muggle ( non-magical ) dress were welcome , too .
Thirteen-year-old Paige Kuipers came with her nana Angie Scott and both were extremely impressed by the caliber of the event . “ I think this is awesome , ” said Scott . “ She did the scavenger hunt , and it 's all so fun . ”
Kuipers said she became a fan three years ago , after reading the books on a family road trip .
“ I like to read and I 'd already seen all the movies , ” she said .
When Kuipers visited the Wizarding World in Orlando for her birthday two years ago , she suited up as a proud Gryffindor with robes , scarf and a wand .
She said her dad has even built her a four-poster bed like the ones in the dorms at Hogwarts and her nana is sewing a Harry Potter quilt and long curtains to complete the look .
Harris was motivated to put on events after not being able to find anywhere closer than Calgary to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the first book 's release last summer . It was so well-received she decided to put on a weekend-long movie marathon that fall .
“ Before it was even over , people were asking me when the next event was going to be , ” Harris said .
She laughs that she is the , “ Self-appointed Red Deer Minister of Magic . ”
Harris hopes to make the Harry Potter-themed events a regular thing .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
If you want to get into search engine optimization but are n't sure how then look no further . Knowing what you need to do and properly educating yourself in a subject like search engine optimization is a key towards reaching the goals you want to achieve . So look through this article and see what information applies to you .
When setting up SEO on your site , avoid duplicating content on various pages within your site . Instead of making your site seem larger and more relevant to search engines , you will be penalized for duplication . Instead , try to have individualized content on each section of your site that is highly relevant to the target keywords .
Search engine optimization is ideal for businesses that conduct their business locally . Google and other search engines offer ways for you to edit your own business listing , making it ripe for search engine optimization . This way , people searching for specific keywords on a local search will be more likely to find your business .
Internal links must use relevant anchor text for the best impact . Do not just put `` click here '' because this will not do anything for SEO . Search engine bots will look for keywords in anchor text and boost your rankings when they see them .
On your website , always include an address where people can send letters , questions or concerns about your company . The more feedback that you get , the better understanding you will have of what your customer 's preferences are . This will allow you to maximize your productivity and appeal to your client 's interests .
Use the most searched keywords in your HTML title tag . Search engines weigh the placement of keywords and the most weight is given to those in the title . Putting the most important words right in your title will get you to the top of a search query and drive users to your site .
Using a product feed will give your business a more visible presence and help draw more potential customers to your website . Through feeds you will be able to deliver information about your goods such as descriptions , pricing and images . Submit them to sites which compare prices and to the major search engines . A feed reader can also help customers subscribe to a feed .
Use categories to separate your site as it grows . This not only helps search engines direct people to the exact part of your site they are looking for , but it also helps established readers find their favorite content quickly and efficiently . Categorize your site with keywords to watch your site hits grow .
Never make the mistake of trying to stuff too many keywords into your own site . Twelve or less should do the job . Use Google Analytics to learn which phrases work best .
Try to use keyword phrases that contain a minimal number of words , two or three would be most desirable . Keyword searches are statistically more likely to contain only two words . Optimize the likelihood that your site will rank high in a search in order to drive bigger results .
Make sure that your URLs are SEO user friendly . If your site has a name that people may search for , then your site will instantly become more visible . This is a fairly easy step that can bring your website to a whole new level of visibility and popularity .
Search engine optimization is not just about injecting descriptive keywords into your text headlines , article content , product descriptions , and sales copy . Even the file names of your product images , banners , and logos should include the most relevant keywords that will appear in image search results of major search engines .
As mentioned at the start of this article , it 's very important that you do not allow your efforts to go to waste . Learning the proper optimization tactics for the search engines out there is how your site or business goes from a simple start-up to being a legitimate and popular brand online . Use the tips you 've just read to your advantage in SEO .
April 3 Tetra Bio-pharma Inc :
* Tetra Bio-pharma and Intelgenx announce the signing of a definitive agreement for the development and commercialization of a Dronabinol XL tablet
* Tetra Bio-pharma Inc - definitive agreement follows binding term sheet between two companies that was announced on February 9 , 2017
* Tetra Bio-Pharma Inc - pursuant to definitive agreement , Tetra has exclusive rights to sell product in North America
* Tetra Bio-Pharma Inc - Tetra will have a right of first negotiation for territories outside of the United States and Canada Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
West Ham United are keen to ensure Premier League survival by picking up maximum points over the next two weeks to further distance themselves from the chasing pack , defender Jose Fonte has said .
West Ham beat 18th-placed Swansea City 1-0 at the weekend to end a five-game losing streak and move up to 14th in the table , eight points above the relegation zone , leading Fonte to urge the side not to rest on their laurels .
`` Our aim is to win the next two matches , then we can start to look at things a little differently ... You ca n't take your foot off the gas in this league , '' Fonte told the club 's website when asked if the London side were safe from relegation .
`` It 's a tough league , the best in the world , and if you are not 'at it ' every single game , you are not going to win . So it 's about giving everything we have in every game , and if we do that we will pick up points . ''
West Ham have the perfect opportunity to claim consecutive wins for the first time since January when they travel to face bottom side Sunderland on Saturday .
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru )
Howard Donald will shave his balls live on Instagram if England make it through to the semi finals of the World Cup in Russia this year .
The Take That singer has admitted he was shocked when he heard that the national football team had managed to wiggle their way through to the quarter finals after winning a penalty shootout - only the second time they 've won a shootout at a major tournament since the Euro 1996 - against Colombia in Moscow last night ( 07.03.18 ) .
England will now go up against Sweden this weekend and the 50-year-old singer has told his fans that he will expose his bits online if they manage to win the game .
Taking to his Twitter account this morning ( 07.04.18 ) , he said : `` Woke up at 6.30 today as I 'm working on an exciting series for @ Channel4
`` Did we really win on penalties last night ? ? ? ? ? ? ! ! I really hope it does come home , if it do I will shave my balls live on @ instagram Even if we get to the semis ( sic ) . ''
England fans were left sat on the edge of their seats during last night 's nail-biting game after Harry Kane scored the first goal just minutes into the second half after Carlos Sanchez fouled the England captain during a free-kick .
England looked set to be sailing through the quarter finals of the World Cup as the game went to extra time but the players were left devastated when Colombia 's Yerry Mina managed to score the equaliser two minutes from the whistle being blown .
However , Kane 's team did the nation proud when they won the penalty shootout with 4-3 thanks to the captain , Marcus Rashford , Kieran Trippier and Eric Dier .
AARHUS , Denmark , April 5 Former senior World Anti-Doping Agency official David Howman was appointed on Wednesday as head of the newly established Athletics Integrity Unit to battle doping and corruption amid a drop in the sport 's popularity .
International athletics federation ( IAAF ) President Seb Coe said Howman , who was director general at WADA for 13 years until 2016 , was the perfect choice to chair the AIU .
The AIU takes over from the IAAF 's former anti-doping department and will manage testing , intelligence gathering and investigations among other things .
It will also address issues of bribery , corruption , betting and the manipulation of competition results in athletics .
`` The AIU is all about the athlete . It is our responsibility to create the right framework for everyone to succeed , '' Coe said .
`` I am therefore delighted that we have attracted someone of the calibre and experience of David Howman as chairperson , as we set out to create a place where athletes can understand the rules and gain knowledge , confidence and experience . ''
Coe is hoping to reform the IAAF following the departure of his predecessor Lamine Diack in 2015 , who is the subject of an ongoing French investigation into corruption and embezzlement .
He passed sweeping reforms late last year , including the establishment of the AIU .
`` I want athletics to be on every observable metric a top four sport in the next four years , '' Coe , a former Olympic track and field champion , said at an international sports convention .
The IAAF still has many unresolved issues , however , and has triggered the wrath of Russia after it banned its athletics team from competing at last year 's Rio de Janeiro Olympics over the country 's huge doping scandal .
The Russians are also likely to miss the world athletics championships in London in August .
The IAAF said this week it had suffered a cyberattack by suspected Russian hackers who had targeted information concerning applications by athletes for Therapeutic Use Exemptions . ( Editing by Hugh Lawson )
April 13 Singapore shares fell on Thursday as the central bank cautioned about the global economic growth , signaling a reluctance to tighten policy anytime soon , with trade subdued across Southeast Asia ahead of the long holiday-weekend . The Monetary Authority of Singapore held policy steady as expected , saying a `` neutral '' stance will be needed for an extended period to support an economy that contracted in the first quarter . The trade-reliant economy contracted 1.9 percent in the first quarter from the previous three months on an annualised basis , data from the Ministry of Trade and Industry showed . The central bank said `` downside risks remain , alongside significant policy uncertainty , '' underscoring worries about the outlook in the face of U.S. President Donald Trump 's protectionist threats , Brexit and geopolitical risks in the Middle East and North Korea . Singapore shares fell as much as 0.8 percent , with financials accounting for more than half the losses . United Overseas Bank Ltd shed 1.2 percent . Global markets remained under pressure with escalating fears of a new weapon test by North Korea , as a U.S. carrier group sails towards the area and after Trump said the dollar `` was getting too strong , '' and he would like to see interest rates stay low . Escalating geopolitical tensions will keep investors side-lined dampening sentiment in broader markets , said Taye Shim , head of research at Mirae Asset Sekuritas in Jakarta . `` Likely , we are going to see a little bit of volatility in terms of how things unfold . Meanwhile , the clearest factor we are seeing is manufacturing activity , which is starting to gain traction in China , '' Shim added . China 's economic picture brightened as it reported forecast-beating trade growth in March and as Trump softened his anti-China rhetoric in an abrupt policy shift . China 's exports rose at the fastest pace in a little more than two years in March , climbing 16.4 percent from a year earlier . Malaysian shares fell as much as 0.5 percent , clocking its biggest intraday percentage drop in nearly two weeks , dragged by financials and consumer staples . CIMB Group Holdings Bhd lost 1.8 percent , while Genting Bhd was down 1.8 percent . Vietnam rose 0.2 percent , helped by real estate stocks , with Vingroup JSC adding 1.6 percent . Markets in Thailand and Philippines were closed for a public holiday . For Asian Companies click ; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS : Change at 0457 GMT Market Current Prev close Pct Move Singapore 3166.93 3186.01 -0.60 Jakarta 5640.428 5644.155 -0.07 Kuala Lumpur 1738.53 1744.08 -0.32 Ho Chi Minh 727.31 725.58 0.24 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3166.93 2880.76 9.93 Jakarta 5640.428 5296.711 6.49 Kuala Lumpur 1738.53 1641.73 5.90 Ho Chi Minh 727.31 664.87 9.4 ( Reporting by Krishna V Kurup in Bengaluru ; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri )
The Soho Loft Media Group and LDJ Capital support NYC VCs , Angels and ICOs Conference organized by Funding Post in New York City
Photo credit : pixabay.com
Contact
david @ thesoholoft.com
09175789069 09175789069
End
-- The Soho Loft Media Group and LDJ Capital support NYC VCs , Angels and ICOs Conference organized by FundingPost in New York CityVenture capitalists , family offices , angel investors , crypto investors , entrepreneurs and service providers will converge at 22 East 2nd Street in New York City on May 9 , 2018 for this exclusive event.David Drake , Chairman of LDJ Capital , says , `` FundingPost is known for organizing world-class events that present great opportunities for attendees to learn , share and network . This will be a very educative and informative event and it should n't be missed by anyone interested in blockchain and ICOs . `` The event will feature panel discussions , fireside chats , keynote , exhibits and networking activities . Attendees will have an opportunity to network with the investor panelists and other professionals in the blockchain and ICO industry at a cocktail party.Some of the topics to be discussed are how ICOs work , opportunities related to ICOs , how companies are capitalizing on ICOs , who should do an ICO , laws and regulations surrounding ICOs , how to prepare ICOs , what to consider when looking to participate in an ICO , and how to particapte in ICOs . There will also be a discussion on crypto-basics.Speakers at the event include : Andreas Schemm , CEO , VREOCaroline Hofmann , COO , RepublicChris Georgen , Founder and Chief Architect , TOPLDavid Dehaeck , Co-Founder , WunderJuan Engelbrecht , CEO , MOBUKaze Onguene , Founder and CEO , Braincities LabMartins Bratuskins , Co-Founder and COO , MonetizrMatt Oguz , Managing Director , Venture-ScienceMaximilian Lautenschlager , Co-Founder , Managing Partner & Sourcing Director , Iconiq LabMorgan Polotan , Principal , Genacast VenturesPatrick Lowry , Co-Founder and CEO , Iconiq LabPaul Menchov , CTO , CoinList CapitalSean Koh , CEO and Chairman of Koherent Incorporated , and Angel InvestorStephen Smith , Technology and Life Sciences Director , BDO USASteve Kuh , CEO , Bonafi/Group ProjectSydney Lai , Head Of Strategy - Token Foundry , ConsensysTristan Littlejohn , Co-Founder and CEO , Based GlobalSponsors for this event are Based Global , BDO USA , Braincities , Crowded.com , Group Project , Iconiq Lab , LDJ Capital , McCarter & English , MOBU , Monetizr , TOPL , VREO and Wunder . Media sponsors include Alley Watch , Angel Capital Association , Blockchain Beach , BoogarLists , Decentralized ID , Disruptive Technologies , GarysGuide , National Venture Capital Association , Nolcha Creative Events Agency , Qrypto Queens , ReadWriteWeb , StartupDigest , StartupReport , The Soho Loft Media Group , The State of Women , VC Experts and Women Investing In Women.For more details , visit : We invite you to visit www.TheSohoLoft.com/events for more information on upcoming finance events on topics such as cryptocurrency , bitcoin , ethereum , blockchain , initial coin offerings , fintech , crowdfunding , alternative finance , venture capital , angel networks , hedge funds , private equity , family offices , as well as accredited and institutional investors.MEDIA CONTACT : THE SOHO LOFT Media Group ( www.thesoholoft.com ) The Soho Loft Media Group is a global financial media company with 3 divisions : THE SOHO LOFT CONFERENCES organizes up to 200+ investor-focused global summits , talks and events annually.TIMES IMPACT PUBLICATIONS produces relevant content on investing and entrepreneurship that are published and syndicated in 100+ leading online publications and growing.VICTORIA GLOBAL Communications specializes in client Investor Relations , Public Relations , Branding and Social Media Marketing.The Soho Loft Media Group is your global partner for your investment and business strategies.For inquiries , contact info @ thesoholoft.com or call 212.845.9652
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco 's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia 's ruling family and executives of the kingdom 's state oil company over where to list its shares , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday .
Bringing Outdoor Cultivation Ready Land to 15.2 Million Square Feet in California and Nevada for its Industrial Commercial Hemp Grow Initiatives
IRVINE , CA -- ( Marketwired - Apr 17 , 2017 ) - Cannabis Science , Inc. ( OTC PINK : CBIS ) , a U.S. company specializing in the development of cannabinoid-based medicines , is pleased to announce that it has negotiated a deal to begin seeding the 100 Acres in Minden County Nevada adding to the 250 acres of farm lands in the San Joaquin Valley , California for its Industrial Commercial Hemp Grow Initiatives . This pushes up the seeding schedule for next month to 350 acres , bringing the total outdoor to 15.2 Million Square Feet in California and Nevada scheduled for seeding next month for its Industrial Commercial Hemp Grow Initiatives .
`` We are heading to Harvard Medical School shortly to present our cannabinoid findings and action plans to success at the Global Health Summit , these types of large land deals are at the heart of our growth and will certainly be a part of my presentation for the world to understand . This is certainly the strongest way to bring more of our formulations to market immediately and with due course FDA resolve . We have been releasing test products through the State by State initiatives in California though our partners and licensees , our next project for the Industrial Commercial Hemp Grow Initiatives , and of course our FDA drug development programs . This type of aggressive progress certainly gives us the insight required to continue down our path of accomplishments . There comes a point when you must sit back and look at what is going on with the industry and where you belong .
`` We are certainly cementing our position as we continue pushing to get our critical ailment drug pipeline developed as quickly as possible . Cannabis Science , RCDU , and its Sovereign partners look to be one of the country 's largest Industrial Commercial Hemp producers as this seeding schedule now encompasses 350 acres , all of which is scheduled to be planted at once on Sovereign lands in San Joaquin MBS and Douglas County . Each acre has the potential yield of up to 1,600 pounds per acre with wholesale prices ranging from 500 USD per pound . Potentially Cannabis Science , RCDU , Investors , and its Sovereign partners are looking at annual harvests yields grossing revenue several hundred million dollars . This is just the tip of the iceberg for Cannabis Science as we enter the farming aspect to supply product for our medicine development needs . With thousands of acres secured and verbal commitments on thousands more , Cannabis Science and its Sovereign partners are certainly underway in this fast-growing Industrial Commercial Hemp sector of the industry , '' stated , Cannabis Science Inc. President , CEO & Co-Founder Mr. Raymond C. Dabney .
About Cannabis Science , Inc .
Cannabis Science , Inc. takes advantage of its unique understanding of metabolic processes to provide novel treatment approaches to a number of illnesses for which current treatments and understanding remain unsatisfactory . Cannabinoids have an extensive history dating back thousands of years , and currently , there are a growing number of peer-reviewed scientific publications that document the underlying biochemical pathways that cannabinoids modulate . The Company works with leading experts in drug development , medicinal characterization , and clinical research to develop , produce , and commercialize novel therapeutic approaches for the treatment for illnesses caused by infections as well as for age-related illness . Our initial focus is on skin cancers , HIV/AIDS , and neurological conditions . The Company is proceeding with the research and development of its proprietary drugs as a part of this initial focus : CS-S/BCC-1 , CS-TATI-1 , and CS-NEURO-1 , respectively .
May 2 BP Plc :
* Q1 underlying replacement cost profit $ 1.5 billion versus profit of $ 532 million year ago
* Q1 downstream underlying replacement cost profit before interest and tax $ 1.74 billion versus $ 1.81 billion year ago
* Q1 upstream underlying replacement cost profit before interest and tax $ 1.4 billion versus loss of $ 747 million year ago
* Q1 production for quarter was 2,388mboe/d , 3.0 % higher than q1 of 2016
* Expect second-quarter 2017 reported production to be broadly flat with Q1
* Quarterly dividend of 10.00 cents per ordinary share
* Net debt at 31 March 2017 was $ 38.6 billion , compared with $ 30.0 billion year ago
* Net debt ratio * at 31 March 2017 was 28.0 % , compared 23.6 % a year ago
* Divestment proceeds were $ 0.3 billion for Q1 , compared with $ 1.1 billion for same period in 2016
* Expect material improvement in operating cash flow from second half
* Q1 operating cash flow , excluding payments related to Gulf of Mexico oil spill of $ 4.4 billion
* Expect divestments to be in the range of $ 4.5-5.5 billion for 2017
* In April , Rosneft completed acquisition of a 100 % interest in kondaneft project for approximately $ 700 million
* Continue to expect organic capital expenditure to be in the range of $ 15-17 billion for 2017
* Gulf of Mexico oil spill pre-tax charge , which predominantly relates to finance costs for unwinding of discounting effects , was $ 161 million for quarter Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bangalore.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com )
RICHMOND , Va – Richmond 's own Nick Faulconer performed two songs LIVE in our backyard garden ! First he performed his original “ Capes ” then his rendition of Michael Jackson 's “ Billie-Jean . ”
You can see Nick perform Saturday , June 2nd at the Reserve at the Highlands . The show starts at 6pm .
https : //www.facebook.com/nickfaulconermusic/
Lola the bear , one of two surviving animals in Mosul 's zoo , along with Simba the lion , is seen after arriving to an animal rehabilitation shelter in Jordan , April 11 , 2017 . Picture taken April 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
Lola the bear , one of two surviving animals in Mosul 's zoo , along with Simba the lion , is seen at an enclosure in the shelter after arriving to an animal rehabilitation shelter in Jordan , April 11 , 2017 . Picture taken April 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Lola the bear , one of two surviving animals in Mosul 's zoo , along with Simba the lion , is seen at an enclosure in the shelter after arriving to an animal rehabilitation shelter in Jordan , April 11 , 2017 . Picture taken April 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Simba the lion , one of two surviving animals in Mosul 's zoo along with Lola the bear , is seen at an enclosure in the shelter after arriving in Jordan , April 11 , 2017 . Picture taken April 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Simba the lion , one of two surviving animals in Mosul 's zoo , along with Lola the bear , is seen at an enclosure in the shelter after arriving to an animal rehabilitation shelter in Jordan , April 11 , 2017 . Picture taken April 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
Lola the bear , one of two surviving animals in Mosul 's zoo , along with Simba the lion , is seen at an enclosure in the shelter after arriving to an animal rehabilitation shelter in Jordan , April 11 , 2017 . Picture taken April 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Lola the bear , one of two surviving animals in Mosul 's zoo , along with Simba the lion , is seen at an enclosure in the shelter after arriving to an animal rehabilitation shelter in Jordan , April 11 , 2017 . Picture taken April 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Simba the lion , one of two surviving animals in Mosul 's zoo , along with Lola the bear , is seen at an enclosure in the shelter after arriving to an animal rehabilitation shelter in Jordan , April 11 , 2017 . Picture taken April 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Simba the lion , one of two surviving animals in Mosul 's zoo , along with Lola the bear , is seen at an enclosure in the shelter after arriving to an animal rehabilitation shelter in Jordan , April 11 , 2017 . Picture taken April 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Simba the lion , one of two surviving animals in Mosul 's zoo along with Lola the bear , looks on a military helicopter flying over of the Mosul 's zoo , Iraq , February 2 , 2017 . Picture taken February 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Workers transport the cage of Lola the bear , which is one of two surviving animals in Mosul 's zoo , along with Simba the lion , after arriving to an animal rehabilitation shelter in Jordan , April 11 , 2017 . Picture taken April 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Lola the bear , one of two surviving animals in Mosul 's zoo along with Simba the lion , is seen in its cage at Mosul 's zoo , Iraq , February 2 , 2017 . Picture taken February 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Simba the lion , one of two surviving animals in Mosul 's zoo along with Lola the bear , looks on a military helicopter flying over of the Mosul 's zoo , Iraq , February 2 , 2017 . Picture taken February 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Lola the bear , one of two surviving animals in Mosul 's zoo , along with Simba the lion , is seen at an enclosure in the shelter after arriving to an animal rehabilitation shelter in Jordan , April 11 , 2017 . Picture taken April 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Simba the lion , one of two surviving animals in Mosul 's zoo , along with Lola the bear , is seen at an enclosure in the shelter after arriving to an animal rehabilitation shelter in Jordan , April 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
Lola the bear , one of two surviving animals in Mosul 's zoo , along with Simba the lion , is seen at an enclosure in the shelter after arriving to an animal rehabilitation shelter in Jordan , April 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed
AMMAN The last two surviving animals from Mosul 's dilapidated zoo arrived this week at an animal shelter in Jordan , after months of malnutrition and a long journey out of Iraq that included being stuck at the border for 12 days .
Simba the lion and Lola the bear lived in a once-peaceful animal park that has been destroyed by months of fighting between Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants . The park , located in Eastern Mosul , was retaken by Iraqi forces earlier this year .
Neighbors fed Simba and Lola until the fighting became too fierce . They said a shell once hit the park , sending hungry monkeys out of their enclosures . Other animals were killed , died of starvation or escaped .
Amir Khalil , a vet from animal charity Four Paws who saw the animals in Mosul in February and organized their transfer to Jordan , said the animals were in a dire state . At the time , he diagnosed skin lesions , joint problems and eye inflammation in the lion and diarrhea and bad teeth in the bear .
`` They were on the brink of death . Now they are able to move , they have gained weight . Physically , they are doing better , '' Khalil said .
Back in Jordan , Lola hesitated to come out of her travel crate until she spotted a green apple - a sure sign of better things ahead .
The two animals will go through a rehabilitation program that involves hand-feeding them through the fence before being transferred to larger enclosures when their health stabilizes .
The battle for the control of Western Mosul is ongoing .
( Reporting By Bushra Shakhshir ; Writing By Marine Hass ; Editing by Toby Chopra )
YOU PICK THE PLAYLIST B93.3 puts you in charge of the music from the 80s to today every weeknight from 7-Midnight , just download our new app or visit the website to vote ( and hear ) your favorite songs on the air !
MILWAUKEE 'S BEST EATS ! You 're always looking for a new spot for grub , On Milwaukee did all the heavy lifting . Eat out tonight !
BID ELTON JOHN FAREWELL Sir Elton John comes to the new Bucks arena on his last tour around the country ! Listen to Feel Good Mornings with Joe all week to win !
TOP SLEDDING HILLS IN MKE Now that we finally have enough snow to hit the hills , check out this guide on where to go with the fam !
B93.3 TEACHER OF THE MONTH B93.3 wants to salute your child 's teacher by making them the B93.3 Teacher of the Month -- Nominate them and they could win great stuff from Prairie Farms , Five O'Clock Steak House , Milwaukee Admirals , Bunzel 's , Xperience Fitness and more !
A FANTASTIC 80S JOURNEY Journey through all your favorite 80s movies !
NEW BUCKS ARENA TAKING SHAPE Just in case you do n't get the chance to drive by take a look at the new Wisconsin Entertainment and Sports Center . ( That we 'll all probably call the Bucks arena )
JOIN CLUB B93.3 Be the first to be in the know ! Click here and join Club B93.3 .
SCHOOL WAS COOL IN THE 80S ! Kids these days will never get stuff this cool . At least until they get rebooted because they were too cool to go .
NEW YEAR NEW BUDGET Is your resolution to finally get the finances under control ? Here are a few tips to get you started .
MAZE RUNNER : THE DEATH CURE Something had to finally beat out Jumanji ... check out the trailer to Maze Runner : The Death Cure to see if it will cure your boredom .
U.S. House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence ranking member Representative Adam Schiff ( D-CA ) speaks with reporters at the U.S. Capitol in Washington , U.S. , March 24 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON The top Democrat on the House of Representatives intelligence committee said on Thursday the chamber 's investigation into Russian meddling in the U.S. election needs to go forward despite whatever obstacles it may face .
`` One way or another , the investigation has to take place , '' Representative Adam Schiff told reporters . `` We 're carrying on . ''
Schiff , who on Monday called the panel 's Republican chairman , Devin Nunes , to recuse himself , said it was up to House Speaker Paul Ryan and Nunes to decide who leads the probe , but that they would have to `` articulate why and how they feel that can be done credibly . ''
( Reporting by Timothy Ahmann )
Police remain on the scene investigating the incident , though officials said some of the streets closed since the attack will reopen by day 's end .
Near the area where Monday 's carnage unfolded , well-wishers wept as they struggled to make sense of the violence that shattered the peace of a usually bustling neighbourhood that regulars describe as a safe haven .
`` You feel for this community considering that you live here , you shop here , you laugh with the people here , you go out here , '' said neighbourhood resident Don-Antonio Andrew . `` It 's a very traumatic time for this area and for your neighbourhood . ''
Andrew , who said one pedestrian got hit directly in front of his apartment building , came to lay flowers at the scene in a show of solidarity with the neighbourhood he described as one of the best he 's lived in since he moved to Canada .
Claire Hurley , who was making her own floral contribution to the makeshift memorial , said the fatal attack was difficult to reconcile with the safe community she 's come to know .
`` This always seems like a really safe neighbourhood , so it was a big shock , '' she said while wiping back tears . `` Everyone was out enjoying the sunshine , and enjoying life . I guess you just have to ... enjoy every day . ''
The memorial was set up on the east side of Yonge Street , just below Finch Avenue , where the deadly incident took place .
Across the city from the crime scene , Minassian made a brief appearance in a packed courtroom to learn the charges filed against him . Clad in a white jumpsuit , he looked around and said little other than his name before charges were announced . His next court appearance is currently slated for May 10 .
A man police identified as Minassian 's father was also present in court .
When asked if he had a statement to offer to the victims ' families , the man simply replied `` I 'm sorry . ''
TROTWOOD – Versailles ' Cole Condon set a meet record on Saturday during the Trotwood-Greenon Invitational , which also included swimmers from Ansonia and Arcanum .
Versailles ' Cole Condon won the boys 50-yard freestyle in a meet record time of 22.34 , Versailles ' Clint Morgan finished second in 24.60 , Versailles ' Jack Detrick finished ninth in 25.80 , and Versailles ' Nathanial Nelson finished 16th in 26.74 .
Versailles ' Cole Condon won the boys 50-yard butterfly in 24.37 , Arcanum 's Stephen Young finished fifth in 28.27 , Versailles ' Stuart Baltes finished 10th in 28.70 , Ansonia 's Connor Stachler finished 11th in 28.95 , and Arcanum 's Tristen O'Brien finished 16th in 30.65 .
Versailles ' quartet of Clint Morgan , Stuart Baltes , Cole Condon and Nathanial Nelson finished third in the boys 200-yard medley relay in 1:53.28 . Arcanum 's Tristen O'Brien , Jimmy Barry , Stephen Young and Cameron Reed finished sixth in 2:00.18 . Versailles ' Ryan Subler , Owen Schultz , Jack Detrick and Jarrod Wagner finished 13th in 2:09.22 .
The Versailles team of Clint Morgan , Stuart Baltes , Nathanial Nelson and Cole Condon finished third in the boys 200-yard freestyle relay in 1:38.27 while Arcanum 's Tristen O'Brien , Jimmy Barry , Cameron Reed and Stephen Young finished fifth in 1:45.78 .
Versailles ' Clint Morgan finished fourth in the boys 100-yard freestyle in 54.14 , Arcanum 's Stephen Young finished fifth in 55:51 , and Ansonia 's Connor Stachler finished 13th in 58.50 .
Versailles ' quartet of Sara Cavin , Lauren Menke , Faith Wilker and Bethany Jones finished fifth in the girls 200-yard medley relay with a time of 2:13.97 while the Versailles squad of Grace Francis , Hannah Bey , Alexis Jay and Kasidy Dross finished 12th in 2:20.07 .
Versailles ' Sara Cavin finished fifth in the girls 50-yard freestyle with a time of 29.33 , Versailles ' Bethany Jones finished 12th in 29.84 , Versailles ' Alexis Jay finished 15th in 30.16 , and Versailles ' Lauren Manke finished 16th in 30.53 .
Arcanum 's Jimmy Barry finished fifth in the boys 50-yard breaststroke with a time of 33.37 , and Versailles ' Jack Detrick finished sixth in 33.49 .
Versailles ' Lauren Menke finished fifth in the girls 50-yard breaststroke in 35.93 , and Versailles ' Lucy Prakel finished seventh in 38:03 .
Versailles ' squad of Sara Cavin , Grace Francis , Faith Wilker and Bethany Jones finished sixth in the girls 200-yard freestyle relay in a time of 1:59.04 while Versailles ' Lucy Prakel , Alexis Jay , Lauren Monnin and Lauren Menke finished 13th in 2:05.03 .
Versailles ' Stuart Baltes finished ninth in the boys 100-yard individual medley with a time of 1:07.95 , and Arcanum 's Jimmy Barry finished 12th in 1:09.33 .
Versailles ' Faith Wilker finished 10th in the girls 50-yard butterfly in 32.51 , Versailles ' Bethany Jones finished 13th in 32.67 , and Versailles ' Sara Cavin finished 14th in 32.69 .
Versailles ' Ryan Subler finished 11th in the boys 50-yard backstroke in a time of 31.74 , and Arcanum 's Cameron Reed finished 15th in 33.51 .
Versailles ' Courtney Batten finished 13th in the girls 50-yard backstroke in 37.10
Versailles ' Faith Wilker finished 14th in the girls 100-yard individual medley with a time of 1:14.08 .
The Versailles girls finished third in the team standings behind champion Bellefontaine and runner-up Minster .
Versailles ' boys finished second as a team behind champion Northmont . The Arcanum boys finished sixth , and Ansonia 's boys finished 20 .
Condon Condon
By Kyle Shaner kshaner @ aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Winning numbers drawn in 'Triple Chance ' game
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Texas Lottery 's `` Triple Chance '' game were :
06-07-08-09-13-15-30-31-33-54
( six , seven , eight , nine , thirteen , fifteen , thirty , thirty-one , thirty-three , fifty-four )
São Paulo , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Uruguayan club Nacional have apologised after some of their fans made mocking airplane gestures in Wednesday 's Copa Libertadores clash against Chapecoense , whose players were involved in a devastating aircraft crash in 2016 .
“ Unfortunately lots of sick minds channel their irrationality into sporting events , ” Nacional said as they expressed their “ profound shame ” .
The Montevideo club said in an open letter they were taking action to identify and ban the culprits who travelled to Brazil for the tie .
Conmebol , South American football 's governing body , said their disciplinary committee had opened an inquiry into the incidents , which took place during Nacional 's 1-0 win . It gave the Uruguayan club until Feb. 8 to present their defence .
Chapecoense were travelling to the final of the Copa Sudamericana to play Colombian side Atletico Nacional in November , 2016 when the plane carrying their team crashed into a mountainside outside Medellin .
Some 71 of the 77 people on board , including all but three of the Chapecoense squad , died in the crash .
The small club from southern Brazil rebuilt last year and managed to reach the qualifying rounds of the Libertadores , the South American equivalent of the Champions League .
The Brazilians , however , lost the first leg at home on Wednesday to a goal from Santiago Romero .
The result gives the Uruguayans a slim advantage to take into the second leg in Montevideo next week . The winner will qualify for the third and final qualifying round ahead of the group stages .
President and CEO Chuck Magro of Agrium addresses shareholders during the company 's annual general meeting in Calgary , Alberta , May 6 , 2015 . REUTERS/Todd Korol
The Cory Potash Corp mine site west of Saskatoon is pictured on November 3 , 1010 . REUTERS/David Stobbe
NEW DELHI/WINNIPEG India 's competition regulator said the proposed merger of fertilizer producers Agrium Inc and Potash Corp of Saskatchewan Inc is likely to hurt competition , but the comments were not expected to prevent the merger .
Potash Corp and Agrium agreed to merge last September to navigate a severe industry slump by boosting efficiency and cutting costs .
Neither Canadian company has a physical presence in India , but they supply potash to India through Canpotex Ltd , which they own with Mosaic Co .
`` The commission is of the ( initial ) opinion that the proposed combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition , '' the Competition Commission of India said , according to a government statement on Wednesday .
The commission made similar comments a week ago about the proposed combination of chemical producers Dow Chemical Co and DuPont .
The Indian commission has now begun the second phase of its review process , similar to the process under way in the United States , Canada and China , said Potash spokesman Randy Burton .
`` It is premature and inappropriate to speculate on whether any reviewing agency will object to the transaction or seek to impose conditions , '' he said .
The commission 's comments are of little consequence to the Potash-Agrium merger because the companies do not own assets in India , said Bernstein analyst Jonas Oxgaard .
`` The only regulators that really matter in this ( are ) Canada and the U.S. , and neither of them have objections as near as we can tell , '' he said .
The Indian regulator has sought public opinion on the deal and has directed the two firms to publish details of the proposed merger , the government statement said . The companies complied last week , Burton said .
Potash and Agrium shares traded less than 1 percent higher in afternoon trading .
( Reporting by Sudarshan Varadhan in New Delhi and Rod Nickel in Winnipeg , Canada ; Editing by Malini Menon and Phil Berlowitz )
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK , June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks , while tamping down the risk of currency declines , regulatory filings showed on Wednesday .
Photo : AFP
In a bid to enhance Libya '' s ability to rid the country of the explosive remnants of war , the United Nations Mine Action Service ( UNMAS ) delivered 12 bomb disposal kits to the turmoil-wracked country , the UN mission in Libya ( UNSMIL ) said on Tuesday .
The kits were delivered to the Libyan Military Engineers and the National Safety Authority ( NSA ) thanks to a 500,000 euro donation from the Austrian government , UNSMIL stated . The donation is part of a ‘ capacity enhancement ' programme , supported by the Austrian and UK governments and coordinated by UNMAS .
The equipment was handed over to 16 UK-trained Libyan bomb disposal experts , four from the Libyan Military Engineers and 12 from the NSA , at a ceremony on Tuesday at UNSMIL headquarters in Tripoli .
`` The presence of explosive hazards may prevent internally displaced persons from returning to their homes , and humanitarian actors from helping people in need , '' Ronald Sturm , ambassador of Austria said during the ceremony .
`` In short , it hampers socio-economic progress , for this reason , Austria , as a friend and partner of Libya was happy to make this contribution , ” Sturm added .
UNMAS Libya remains committed to strengthening the ability of Libyan National Security Institutions to remove the deadly items left behind by armed conflict and to ensure greater access to basic services and humanitarian assistance for people in need .
In the longer-term , such activities will enable and facilitate stabilisation and development initiatives for Libya , UNSMIL said .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) — Police in Ohio urged residents in surrounding states on Monday to be on alert for a man who they said shot and killed an elderly passerby seemingly at random and then posted a gruesome video of the killing on Facebook .
Steve Stephens , 37 , was wanted on a charge of aggravated murder in the death of Robert Godwin Sr. in Cleveland .
In a statement early Monday , police warned residents of Pennsylvania , New York , Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout for Stephens , who they said may have traveled out of state .
In the video , which appears shaky , Stephens gets out of his car and appears to randomly target Godwin , 74 , who is holding a plastic shopping bag . Stephens says the name of a woman , whom Godwin does not seem to recognize .
“ She 's the reason that this is about to happen to you , ” Stephens tells Godwin before pointing a gun at him . Godwin can be seen shielding his face with the shopping bag .
Facebook said the suspect did go live on the social media website at one point during the day , but not during the killing . Police earlier had said that Stephens had broadcast it on Facebook Live .
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was removed . Stephens Facebook page also was eventually removed .
“ This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook , ” said a company spokesperson . “ We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook , and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety . ”
The victim 's son , Robert Godwin Jr. , told Cleveland.com that he ca n't bring himself to watch the video .
“ I have n't watched the video . I have n't even looked at my cellphone or the news , ” Godwin said . “ I do n't really want to see it . ”
He said his father , a retired foundry worker , collected aluminum cans and often walked with a plastic shopping bag , picking cans up if he saw them on ground . The son said he believed his father was looking for cans on Sunday when Stephens approached him .
In a separate video posted on Facebook , Stephens claimed to have killed more than a dozen other people .
“ Like I said , I killed 13 , so I 'm working on 14 as we speak , ” he said .
Police have not verified any other shootings or deaths , Police Chief Calvin Williams said .
“ There are no more victims that we know are tied to him , ” he said .
Police said they have been talking with family and friends of Stephens , who is a case manager at Beech Brook , a behavioral health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike , near Cleveland .
“ We were shocked and horrified to learn of this news today , ” agency spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer said in a statement . “ We are hoping that the Cleveland Police will be able to apprehend Mr. Stephens as soon as possible and before anyone else is injured . ”
In one of the videos , Stephens can be seen holding up his Beech Brook employee identification badge .
“ I 'm killing with my Beech Brook badge on too , ” he says .
Stephens also mentioned his fraternity , Omega Psi Phi , in one of his Facebook posts . The fraternity issued a statement Sunday night .
“ On behalf of the Supreme Council and the members of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity , Incorporated , we lift our sincere and heartfelt prayers and condolences of comfort to the families impacted by the recent shooting in Cleveland , Ohio , ” it said .
Police said Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous .
The FBI said it was assisting in the investigation .
Shkaplerov is scheduled to return to the space station in December , and has claimed scientists have collected some samples of bacteria from the stations hull which may possibly have originated from a different world , making them extraterrestrial .
“ It turns out that somehow these swabs reveal bacteria that were absent during the launch of the ISS module , ” he said . “ That is , they have come from outer space and settled along the external surface. ” “ They are being studied so far and it seems that they pose no danger . ”
While the comments are sensational in relation to what it could mean for our search for extraterrestrial life , it is still very possible – and likely – that the bacteria did originate from Earth .
The phenomenon known as ‘ ionosphere lift ' could be the explanation that would debunk his theory .
More tests , and hopefully more answers .
São Paulo , March 29 The Mexican peso strengthened on Wednesday , supported by rising oil prices and bets that the central bank will increase interest rates this week . The peso firmed 1 percent after losing 1.4 percent in the previous two days . Traders expect Mexico 's central bank to raise its benchmark interest rate this week for the fifth meeting in a row but at a slower pace following the peso 's recent rally . Bets that U.S. President Donald Trump will not impose big tariffs on Mexican imports lifted the peso from an all-time low set in January . Oil-heavy Colombia 's peso also rose as crude futures spiked on supply disruptions in Libya and expectations of an extension to an output cut led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries . The Brazilian real strengthened 0.5 percent , while the country 's benchmark Bovespa stock index advanced 0.9 percent . Shares of state-controlled lender Banco do Brasil SA added the most points to the index after UBS Securities analysts raised their price target and recommendation on the stock . Cemig SA was among the biggest losers after the country 's top appeals court revoked a ruling granting Brazil 's No . 3 power utility the right to operate the São Simão hydropower dam . Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 1455 GMT : Stock indexes daily % YTD % change change The Latest MSCI Emerging Markets 971.58 0.13 12.53 MSCI LatAm 2655.45 0.61 12.76 Brazil Bovespa 65191.96 0.85 8.24 Mexico IPC 49153.51 -0.38 7.69 Chile IPSA 4853.10 -0.32 16.90 Chile IGPA 24272.49 -0.26 17.07 Argentina MerVal 20083.00 0.3 18.71 Colombia IGBC 10122.75 -0.25 -0.05 Venezuela IBC 41078.20 0 29.56 Currencies daily % YTD % change change The Latest Brazil real 3.1211 0.51 4.10 Mexico peso 18.8425 0.97 10.09 Chile peso 662.3 0.53 1.27 Colombia peso 2885.7 0.66 4.01 Peru sol 3.238 0.09 5.44 Argentina peso ( interbank ) 15.4300 0.70 2.88 Argentina peso ( parallel ) 15.95 0.75 5.45 ( Reporting by Bruno Federowski ; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn )
April 3 International Paper Co :
* International Paper 's Pensacola mill resumes full operations
* International Paper Co - including capital expenses , company estimates total costs related to incident will be between $ 80 and $ 120 million
* International Paper Co- Pensacola mill has successfully resumed full operations following a digester incident that occurred on January 22 , 2017
* International Paper Co - majority of these costs are expected to be recovered through insurance coverage Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
`` Our director wanted us to be seen , as humans . We 're not like insects or fantasy creatures . I think that 's one of the things , when they created the show , that made it really unique compared to some of the other shows for Cirque . ''
Formed in 1984 with just 20 street performers , Cirque du Soleil went on to re-define circus entertainment . It currently has 4,000 employees , including 1,300 artists , and has staged dozens of productions around the globe . It is best known for its permanent Las Vegas productions such as Ka at the MGM Grand Hotel and The Beatles Love at The Mirage .
It 's estimated the company 's various Vegas productions play to more than 9,000 people every night .
Umali , who primarily performs in Corteo 's Tournik Act , says touring such a physical show puts every performer through the grind . Even mentally , spending much of the day in a dark theatre or arena takes a toll .
At every tour stop , he seeks out a park to simply lay in the grass for a while .
Physically , he puts in about 90 minutes of gym time every day to perform the show 's jaw-dropping routines .
`` I 've put a lot of miles on this body , but if you take care of yourself , eat well — I do n't abuse my body outside of work — I 've been able to extend my career , '' he says .
`` The show itself gives you the freedom on stage to be different every day . That helps mentally and physically to not feel like you 're in too much of a routine .
`` That 's another unique thing about this show . It 's going to be a very different show on a wide scale every day , because each person is very unique in our show . ''
Cirque du Soleil – Corteo
Where : Meridian Centre , 1 IceDogs Way , St. Catharines
When : July 11 to 15
Tickets : Start at $ 39 ; $ 25 for children . www.cirquedusoleil.com/corteo
John.Law @ niagaradailies.com
905-225-1644 | @ JohnLawMedia
ANN ARBOR , Mich. — Michigan 's Charles Matthews is removing his name from consideration for the NBA draft .
Matthews announced his decision Wednesday , saying he 's learned a lot through this process . He says he 'll now focus on finishing his education at Michigan and leading his teammates to more success next season . The Wolverines made it to the NCAA title game this year before losing to Villanova .
Michigan already lost big man Moe Wagner , who left early for the draft . Matthews declared for the draft without hiring an agent , but he 's now withdrawing .
The 6-foot-6 Matthews averaged 13 points a game this past season , his first with the Wolverines after transferring from Kentucky and sitting out a season . He has two seasons of college eligibility remaining .
April 4 Latam Autos Ltd :
* Company expects to continue to have negative operating cashflows for time being
* Company is currently in final stages of securing its ongoing funding
* `` Company expects to be able to continue its operations and meet its business objectives based on funding plan being negotiated '' Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
February is Black History Month and locally , the official kickoff was Friday at City Hall .
Here are some of the events happening around Hamilton to mark the month :
•Feb . 6 : Artist and writers programs for Black History Month , graffiti artist Jean-Michel Basquiat — Learn about famous writers and artists for Black History Month . Drop in , Central Library , 55 York Blvd. , second-floor programming room , 3:30 p.m .
•Feb . 6 : Know your rights — A free bilingual event focusing on access to justice for the black community . Topics will include housing law , mental health law , human rights , criminal law and police complaints and more . Everyone welcome . Central Library , 55 York Blvd. , 5 to 8 p.m. More information : www.facebook.com/events/136873313773996/
•Feb.7 : Book explorers — Learn about the Underground Railroad by exploring books through activities and games . Ages 4 to 8 . Registration required : 905-546-3415 , Concession branch , 565 Concession St. , 3:30 p.m .
•Feb . 9 : Launch of the Coalition of Black and Racialized Artists ( COBRA ) — February 's Art Crawl will feature the launch of COBRA , a Hamilton-based collective of artists of colour . The group says `` artists of colour are under-represented , both at the grassroots and administrative levels '' and they seek to `` offer our perspective as the Hamilton Arts Community begins making strides toward a more complete understanding of the city 's underserved artistic scenes . '' AGH Design Annex , 118 James St. N. , 6 to 10 p.m .
•Feb.10 : John C. Holland Awards — The Hamilton Black History Committee is presenting the 22nd awards , in association with TD Canada Trust . The awards were started to recognize the contributions of African Canadians to the social , cultural and political life of the city . LiUNA Station , 360 James St. N. , 5:30 p.m. to 1 a.m. More information : http : //www.johnhollandawards.com
•Feb . 13 : Soul Sounds of Solidarity : One Soul , Many Hearts — Led by poets , Kelsey Knight and Klyde Broox , voices will stitch `` a quilt of solidarity , art of collaborative energies united in peace , sharing soul vibes of unity with poetic versatility . '' Central Library , 55 York Blvd. , 4th floor , 2 p.m. Drop-in .
•Feb . 13 : Black History Month : Peace Wreath and Dove — Help create a peace wreath and dove in honour of Black History Month . Ages 4 to12 . Registration required : 905-546-3921 . Terryberry branch , 100 Mohawk Rd . W. , 4 p.m .
•Feb . 15 : Journey from Tollgate to Parkway : African Canadians in Hamilton — Author Adrienne Shadd presents her original research , offering new insights into urban black history . Shadd also explodes stereotypes , such as the low-income , uneducated early black Hamiltonians . Registration required : 905-546-4790 . Turner Park branch , 352 Rymal Rd . E. , 7 p.m .
Putin also said that he had ordered the military to withdraw a `` significant part '' of the Russian contingent in Syria .
`` Friends , the Motherland is waiting for you , '' Putin said . `` You are coming back home with victory ! ''
He added , however , that the Russian military will maintain its presence at Hemeimeem and a naval facility in Tartus .
Gen. Sergei Surovikin , the Russian military commander in Syria , said the military will pull out 23 warplanes , two helicopter gunships , special forces units , military police and field engineers .
Surovikin said the remaining forces will be sufficient to `` successfully fulfil the tasks '' to stabilize the situation in Syria . He did not say how many troops and weapons would stay behind .
Syria has allowed Russia to use Hemeimeem air base indefinitely without cost . Moscow also has a deal with Syria to use the Tartus base for 49 years , which could be extended if both parties agree .
The Russian military plans to modernize the air base and expand its runways to allow it to host more warplanes . It also intends to expand the Tartus facility significantly to make it a full-scale naval base capable of hosting warships , including cruiser-sized vessels .
After seeing troops march , Putin drove up to the Russian warplanes parked on the runway and talked to the pilots , who said they will fly back home later in the day .
Syrian TV said Assad thanked Putin for his troops ' `` effective contribution '' to the fight against terrorism in Syria , which he said the Syrian people `` will never forget . ''
`` Syria has been saved as a sovereign , independent state , refugees are coming home and conditions have been created for a political settlement under the United Nations ' auspices , '' Putin said .
Insurgents still control several areas in Syria , but much of the fighting has been paused by `` de-escalation '' agreements brokered by Russia and Iran , which support Assad , and Turkey , which backs the rebels .
Putin told Assad he would discuss the prospects for a peace settlement with the leaders of Egypt and Turkey later Monday .
`` I hope that together with Turkey and Iran we will succeed in restoring peaceful life and launch a political process to settle the situation in Syria , '' Putin said .
___
Associated Press writer Albert Aji in Damascus , Syria , contributed reporting .
By Vladimir Isachenkov , The Associated Press
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
VIRGINIA BEACH , Va. -- A Kempsville High School senior , killed in a shooting back in January , was honored at Wednesday 's high school graduation .
An empty chair , with Sidea Griffin 's picture , along with a cap and gown , was in the front row ahead of all of the other students .
`` She said to me , Grandma , we got 120 days to go and I said we 're going to make it , not knowing my baby would be taken away from me , '' says Patty McPherson , Sidea 's grandmother , who attended her graduation with a big group of loved ones .
The graduation was held at 1:30 p.m. at the Virginia Beach Convention Center , affiliate WTKR reports .
Back on January 14 , just before 10 p.m. , Griffin walked into the hospital with a gunshot wound and died shortly after .
Police charged 17-year-old Ethan Torres with second degree murder , attempted robbery and use of a firearm in commission of a felony .
In a May court appearance , a man claiming to be Griffin 's boyfriend testified that the night she was killed , he arranged to sell Torres 10 grams of marijuana .
He claimed that Torres did not have enough money for the drugs and instead of giving the agreed amount , which was $ 100 , he said Torres pulled out a gun and pointed it at the couple .
Griffin 's boyfriend said he was able to push the gun away , get Torres out of the car , and drive off .
However , he said Torres shot at the car as they drove away . His car window was shot out and Griffin was hit in the back .
He drove Griffin to the hospital , where she died .
`` A lot of us would have wanted to give up , but Dea would n't want us to give up , so that 's why we 're standing here today , '' says McPherson . `` She just touched so many people .
The Kempsville High School senior class president acknowledged Sidea 's chair and asked for a moment of silence in her honor during the commencement exercise .
Sidea 's family says they wanted her graduation to be a day of celebration , as difficult as it was to be there without her .
`` Her joy and her heart , she cared about everybody , everything , '' says McPherson . `` We 're truly going to miss her . We do miss her . ''
BRIEF-1347 Property Insurance Holdings through unit agrees upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program
* 1347 Property Insurance Holdings- co through unit agreed upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program for 2017 - 2018 treaty year
* Futures up : Dow 41 pts , S & P 6.5 pts , Nasdaq 17.5 pts
By Tanya Agrawal
April 20 U.S. stock index futures were higher on Thursday , with the earnings season getting off to a strong start and oil prices rebounding after steep losses a day earlier .
* However , mounting tensions between North Korea and the United States and the looming French presidential elections are keeping investors away from making risky bets .
* With Wall Street near record levels and worries over President Donald Trump 's ability to carry out his pro-growth promises , investors are hoping first-quarter earnings will be strong enough to justify pricey market valuations .
* Of the 57 companies in the S & P 500 that have reported earnings through Wednesday morning , 75.4 percent have topped expectations , according to Thomson Reuters data , above the 71 percent average for the past four quarters .
* Overall , profits of S & P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.8 percent in the quarter , the best since 2011 .
* Key companies scheduled to report results on Thursday include Dow component Visa , whose shares were up 1.4 percent at $ 90.99 in premarket trading , and toymaker Mattel .
* A closely watched poll showed Centrist Emmanuel Macron hung on to his lead as favorite to win France 's presidential election in a four-way race that is too close to call .
* Economic data due on Thursday includes weekly jobless claims , which are expected to rise to 242,000 from 234,000 . The data is due at 8:30 a.m . ET ( 1230 GMT ) .
* Oil prices regained some ground , after steep losses in the previous session , as leading oil producers signaled a likely extension of OPEC-led supply cuts beyond the middle of the year . Still , bloated inventories continue to weigh .
* Qualcomm rose 2.6 percent to $ 54 after the largest maker of chips used in smartphones , reported quarterly revenue and profit that beat analysts ' estimates .
* EBay fell 1.9 percent to $ 33.22 after the company forecast second-quarter profit that fell short of analysts ' estimates .
Futures snapshot at 6:19 a.m . ET :
* Dow e-minis were up 41 points , or 0.2 percent , with 22,778 contracts changing hands .
* S & P 500 e-minis were up 6.5 points , or 0.28 percent , with 106,568 contracts traded .
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 17.5 points , or 0.32 percent , on volume of 19,232 contracts . ( Reporting by Tanya Agrawal ; Editing by Anil D'Silva )
MOSCOW , March 29 Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said it was still possible to renew cooperation with the United States on settling the Syrian crisis , in an interview published on The National Interest website on Wednesday .
`` President Donald Trump said that fighting terrorism is his number one international goal , and I believe this is absolutely natural . We will be sharing this approach , I am sure , '' Lavrov was quoted as saying .
Lavrov also said he was still in discussions about a possible meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson . ( Reporting by Andrey Ostroukh ; Editing by Christian Lowe )
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea 's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS , June 15 South Korea 's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F ' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel , said Fleur Pellerin , founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital .
Winning numbers drawn in 'Lucky Links Night ' game
ROCKY HILL , Conn. ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Connecticut Lottery 's `` Lucky Links Night '' game were :
01-08-09-10-15-16-19-20
( one , eight , nine , ten , fifteen , sixteen , nineteen , twenty )
Booths are pictured at Gastech , the world 's biggest expo for the gas industry , in Chiba , Japan , April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Toru Hanai
CHIBA , Japan Producers of liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) have shot themselves in the foot with oversupply , and face calls for flexibility and greater competition from other fuels that may force them to take more risks and start trading just like other commodity dealers .
That 's a big change for a market long dominated by large producers such as Royal Dutch Shell ( RDSa.L ) and BP ( BP.L ) who provide major importers with fixed volumes under multi-decade contracts linked to the price of oil LCOc1 .
Under the protection of these lucrative locked-in deals , producers in Australia , Qatar , Russia and elsewhere went on an investment spree that left them with a huge supply overhang when demand in China and India developed more slowly than expected .
That , together with rising fuel competition from coal and renewables , contributed to a more than 70 percent crash in spot Asian LNG prices LNG-AS to under $ 6 per million British thermal units ( mmBtu ) , increasing the pressure to grant more flexible contracts and better pricing options .
`` The LNG market is changing rapidly , ( and ) the large volume long-term contracts that traditionally underpinned the development of the industry are today much more difficult to obtain , '' said Steve Hill , executive vice president of Shell Eastern Trading , during a gas conference in Japan on Wednesday .
`` LNG projects ... need to take more market risks , '' he said .
In a sign of what might be ahead , Japan 's JERA - the biggest single importer of LNG - and France 's Total SA ( TOTF.PA ) are set to strike its first deal soon with flexible volumes that are based on Asia LNG spot prices .
JERA 's chief fuel transactions officer , Hiroki Sato , confirmed the imminent deal to Reuters on Wednesday in an interview at the Gastech conference .
`` There is no price war , but there is clearly competition under way to create a structure that answers the varying buyer needs , '' he said .
Total did not respond to queries for comment on the deal .
Another thing about to change is that trading specialists - who buy commodities from producers to sell on to importers at a profit and who have so far played a smaller role in LNG than they do in oil or coal - are jumping into the game .
`` People need to sit in the middle of the chain ( to ) provide the flexibility and meet the different customer needs , '' said Mike Utsler , chief operations officers for Australia 's Woodside Petroleum ( WPL.AX ) .
Preparing to do just that , commodity merchant Trafigura [ TRAFG.UL ] this week launched a standard master sales and purchase agreement ( MSPA ) for LNG trade , something already well established in other commodities .
`` The industry is moving to a situation where you ca n't just be a seller or a marketer or a trader , '' said Kerry Anne Shanks , head of gas and LNG Research in Asia at energy consultancy Wood Mackenzie . `` You need to have middlemen positions . ''
Shanks also noted as an example of changes in the industry how buyers such as JERA are starting to trade gas .
UNLOCKING NEW MARKETS
Woodside , which operates several large LNG export facilities and is developing more , said producers also had to create new markets amid oversupply .
`` There 's a big opportunity for much smaller scale demand ... Big , long-term contracts are not necessary in order to supply ( such projects ) , '' Utsler said .
The thinking is similar at Shell . `` We are trying to unlock new gas markets ... by initiating new small-scale LNG import terminals , '' Hill said .
Smaller scale demand could come from new importers like Pakistan , which only started using LNG in the last two years , or from new sectors like transportation .
Singapore 's Pavilion Energy this week signed a memorandum of understanding with Total to supply the French energy major with LNG used as a ship fuel .
But LNG producers need to keep a watch on competition . Oil still dominates transportation , and cheap coal - seen by many as outdated due to high pollution levels - is still the biggest fuel source for electricity , especially in fast-growing Asia .
Wind and solar energy are also becoming competitive .
`` Coal wo n't completely disappear . It will continue to be a competitor and a provider of energy solutions , as will renewables , '' said David Knipe , head of international gas at BP 's integrated supply and trading unit .
Still , the market should not expect producers and suppliers to subject themselves to market whims , competition and geopolitics on large-scale projects , said Elizabeth Spomer , executive vice president at Toronto-listed Veresen Inc ( VSN.TO ) and head of its Jordan Cove LNG project in Oregon .
`` Even the international oil companies that have the big balance sheets are not going to make final investment decisions without long-term take or pay contracts , '' she said , noting that such projects represent billions of dollars of `` price risk '' .
( Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori and Aaron Sheldrick ; Writing by Henning Gloystein ; Editing by Tom Hogue )
April 20 Will Semiconductor Co Ltd Shanghai
* Says it aims to raise up to 292.0 million yuan ( $ 42.40 million ) by offering up to 41.6 million shares at 7.02 yuan per share in its Shanghai IPO
Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2oNbDOv ( $ 1 = 6.8860 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
In one of the most anticipated unions of 2018 , just below Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 's wedding , PC Plus and Shoppers Optimum points became one starting Feb. 1 .
Though we 've had some notice , the change may still come as a jolt . Metro answers your burning questions :
Do I need a new card ?
If you are already a PC Plus or Shoppers Optimum Member , you need to go online and set up a merged account at www.pcoptimum.ca . Or you can download the app . ( Warning : there are already reports of glitches . ) If that 's too much , you can also go to a store and they will exchange your old card for a new one , according to the new PC Optimum website .
May 2 NPF Microfinance Bank Plc :
* Proposes dividend of 15k per share , payable on July 7 , 2017 Source : bit.ly/2qsMnff Further company coverage : ( Bangalore.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com )
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco , turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in , authorities and company officials said .
It does n't look like the flu bug is going away anytime soon .
Mercy Medical Center in New Hampton announced this week that due to the prevalence of influenza , the facility has implemented visitor restrictions .
According to the most recent Flu Surveillance Report by the Iowa Department of Public Health ( IDPH ) , there were an additional 14 flu-related deaths in Iowa reported last week , for a total of 43 deaths since October . There were 151 influenza-related hospitalizations reported from sentinel hospitals during this reporting week . Forty schools reported 10 percent or more illness at least once this reporting week .
The IDPH and Mercy both remind all Iowans of the “ three C's. ” Cover your cough , using a tissue or your elbow ; clean your hands , using soap and water or hand sanitizer ; and contain germs by staying home when you 're sick .
Mercy asks all patients who come to Mercy with cold or flu symptoms to put on a mask . Healthy patients and visitors are welcome to use a mask as well .
The hospital waiting area has been separated for patients with influenza-like symptoms and those who are well .
The restrictions are called “ Level Two Visitation Restrictions. ” This means visitors with respiratory and/or flu-like symptoms are restricted from visiting hospitalized patients , obstetrics visitation is restricted to significant others and grandparents , pediatric visitation is restricted to parents and grandparents , patients in isolation are limited to significant others , parents and two visitors and visitors 18-and-under are restricted from entering the hospital unless there are extenuating circumstances . If a visitor 18-and-under needs to enter , they must where a mask .
Mercy said it realizes there may be circumstances that need special consideration , and in those cases , families should call the nurse in charge of the unit they wish to visit prior to arriving at the hospital .
For more of this article , see Friday 's Tribune .
VILLANOVA . The 2018 national champions will have to defend their title without four key players who left early . The Wildcats knew they 'd lose national player of the year Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges after both signed with agents . Final Four most outstanding player Donte DiVincenzo and Omari Spellman joined them , both saying this week they will remain in the draft .
MARYLAND . The Terps knew they 'd be without Justin Jackson after he signed with an agent . The return of Kevin Huerter could have softened the blow some , but the sharpshooting forward opted on Wednesday to remain in the draft , leaving Maryland without its top two players . At least the Terps will have Bruno Fernando , who decided to return for his sophomore season .
STANFORD . Reid Travis ' decision was to withdraw from the NBA draft . That should have been good news for the Cardinal , but instead of being a top contender for Pac-12 player of the year in 2018-19 with them , Travis announced he would play elsewhere as a graduate transfer .
MIXED BAG
CLEMSON . The Tigers got good news when leading scorer Marcquise Reed and starting guard Shelton Mitchell decided to return . The backcourt duo helped the Tigers return to the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 2011 and reach the program 's first Sweet 16 since 1997 .
BOSTON COLLEGE . The Eagles took a big hit when Jerome Robinson , the ACC 's second-leading scorer , opted to hire an agent and remain in the draft . His return would 've given BC nearly its entire team back to pursue the program 's first NCAA bid since 2009 . The good news : Ky Bowman , the ACC 's top returning scorer , decided to withdraw from the draft .
UCLA . The Bruins lost one of the nation 's best players when dynamic guard Aaron Holiday declared for the draft and hired an agent in March . UCLA 's big loss was offset , at least to a degree , by the decisions of Kris Wilkes and Jaylen Hands to return to Westwood . The Bruins are still waiting for freshman forward Cody Riley to announce his decision .
KANSAS . The Jayhawks lost Lagerald Vick and Malik Newman after both declared for the draft and signed with an agent . But Kansas got some good news on Wednesday when burly big man Udoka Azubuike announced he will return for his junior season instead of remaining in the draft .
MICHIGAN STATE . The Spartans will certainly miss Jaren Jackson and Miles Bridges after both hired agents to leave school early . Michigan State received good news this week , though , when forward Nick Ward decided to head back to East Lansing .
___
AP Basketball Writer Aaron Beard in Raleigh , North Carolina , contributed to this report .
___
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
By John Marshall , The Associated Press
( Corrects percentages on the three types of meat )
BRASILIA , April 3 Brazilian fresh beef exports fell 2 percent in March from a year ago , according to Trade Ministry data , although a government official said the drop was not due to a scandal involving sanitation inspectors last month .
Brazilian beef exports totaled $ 404 million in the period , the ministry said in a statement on Monday , adding that pork exports jumped 39 percent to $ 138 million and chicken exports rose 12 percent to $ 571 million . ( Reporting by Silvio Cascione ; Writing by Ana Mano ; Editing by Daniel Flynn and Bill Trott )
EMERGING MARKETS-LatAm currencies jump after weak U.S. data
São Paulo , June 14 Latin American currencies strengthened on Wednesday after weaker-than-expected U.S. economic data further cooled expectations of multiple interest rate hikes in the second half of the year . U.S. retail sales in May recorded their biggest drop in 16 months and consumer prices unexpectedly fell , according to data released hours before the U.S. Federal Reserve published its rate-setting decision . Traders widely expect the U.S. central bank to hike rates by
BERLIN , March 31 A transition period offered to Britain by the European Union in Brexit negotiating guidelines it issued on Friday is the only way to avoid the talks failing , an ally of German Chancellor Angela Merkel said .
In the guidelines , the EU offered Britain talks this year on a future free trade pact but made clear that London must first agree to the bloc 's demands on the terms of Brexit .
The document , seen by Reuters , sets tough conditions for any transition period , insisting Britain must accept many EU rules after any such partial withdrawal .
Detlef Seif , the deputy EU spokesman for Merkel 's conservative parliamentary bloc , said there were effectively only 15 months for the negotiations and this was insufficient time to wrap up Britain 's exit from the bloc .
`` Without transitional provisions , the negotiations would be doomed to failure from the start , '' Seif told Reuters .
`` The proposal provides the necessary room and flexibility to negotiate reasonably and to reach high-quality arrangements , '' he said of the guidelines , which may be revised before leaders of the remaining 27 EU states endorse them at an April 29 summit .
`` The more access to the internal market Britain wants , the greater the trade-off and so the more Britain must submit to EU law , '' said Seif , warning Britain not to try to divide the bloc by negotiating with individual member states .
`` Should this transpire , it would be the end of the EU 's good behaviour and willingness to compromise , which can clearly be seen in the draft guidelines , '' he added . ( Reporting by Paul Carrel ; Editing by Gareth Jones )
April 28 Camping World Holdings Inc and a group of liquidators won a bankruptcy auction for Gander Mountain Co on Friday , according to bankruptcy court filing .
The value of the winning bid was about $ 390 million , according to a person familiar with the matter who requested anonymity to discuss the matter .
Camping World and the liquidators plan to operate at least 17 Gander Mountain stores as a going concern , according to the source .
The consortium also won all Gander Mountain 's intellectual property and its Overton 's boating business , the source added .
Gander Mountain declined to comment . Camping World did not immediately respond to a request for comment . ( Reporting by Jessica DiNapoli in New York ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis )
AUSTIN , Texas ( Reuters ) - The U.S. economy will show further signs of inflation pressure in 2018 and the Federal Reserve should continue raising interest rates , Dallas Federal Reserve President Robert Kaplan said on Friday .
“ You will see some inflation pressure this year , ” Kaplan said told a conference in Austin , Texas . “ I believe that the Fed should be removing accommodation gradually but deliberately . ”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va - The New Year often symbolizes a clean slate , and for many the New Year could be a time to start looking for a new job or career . Lindo Gharib , Staffing Manager at Robert Half International , returned to the studio to share a few of his tips for starting a new career path or setting new goals in your career . For more information you can visit online at http : //www.roberthalf.com
The skyline of the banking district is pictured in Frankfurt , October 21 , 2014 . REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
BERLIN Germany 's economic upswing is likely to gain further momentum in the first quarter of this year , pushing up tax revenues by more than expected , the Finance Ministry said on Friday .
`` The German economy continues to be on the up , '' the ministry said in its monthly report , adding that recent production data , incoming orders and rising employment levels pointed to a pickup in activity in the first three months of this year .
But the ministry cautioned that the growth outlook remained clouded by political uncertainties such as protectionist threats by U.S. President Donald Trump , the unknown outcome of major elections in Europe and the course of Brexit negotiations .
`` These ( risks ) could influence world trade as well as global investment activity , '' the ministry said .
The German economy grew by 1.9 percent in 2016 , the strongest rate in five years , helped by soaring private consumption , higher state spending and increased construction .
In the final three months of 2016 , the economy expanded by 0.4 percent , and economists expect a stronger quarterly growth rate in the first three months of 2017 .
The upturn is boosting tax income as more people join the labor market , shoppers splash out and companies are able to increase their profits .
From January to March , tax revenues of the federal government and the 16 regional states rose 6.8 percent year-on-year , the ministry said . That is more than double the projected rise of 2.9 percent for the whole year .
The buoyant tax revenue has enabled Chancellor Angela Merkel 's government to raise spending on roads and bridges , faster internet , social housing and integration of refugees , without taking on new debt .
This means Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble can stick to his cherished but internationally criticized goal of a balanced budget -- also known as 'Schwarze Null ' or black zero -- before federal elections in September .
( Reporting by Michael Nienaber ; Editing by Mark Trevelyan )
April 28 Ventas Inc
* Ventas reports 2017 first quarter results
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.44 from continuing operations
* Ventas Inc says 2017 guidance consistent with previously announced company expectations
* Ventas Inc says expects to invest in future growth by funding approximately $ 350 million in development and redevelopment projects for full year 2017
* Qtrly normalized funds from operations per diluted common share totaled $ 1.03
* Q1 FFO per share view $ 1.02 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Ventas Inc - company 's Q1 2017 same-store total portfolio ( 1,175 assets ) cash NOI growth was 3.9 percent compared to same period in 2016 .
* 2017 guidance confirmed
* Fy2017 FFO per share view $ 4.17 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Bank of Japan 's ( BOJ ) new Deputy Governor Kikuo Iwata speaks at a news conference at the BOJ headquarters in Tokyo March 21 , 2013 . REUTERS/Toru Hanai
TOKYO Bank of Japan Deputy Governor Kikuo Iwata said on Thursday there is no need to buy U.S. Treasury debt now because the BOJ is able to achieve sufficient monetary easing through purchases of Japanese government bonds .
`` We can achieve our 2 percent inflation target and seek an eventual exit from our quantitative easing program without buying U.S. Treasury debt , '' Iwata told parliament .
`` Buying U.S. Treasury debt unnecessarily would be interpreted as currency intervention , '' which falls under the jurisdiction of the finance ministry , he said .
Iwata made the comments when asked by an opposition party lawmaker whether the BOJ , having dried up market liquidity through its massive purchases of Japanese government bonds , would embark on other steps such as buying U.S. Treasury debt .
( Reporting by Leika Kihara ; Editing by Chris Gallagher )
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY , Va. — Woman , 58 , dies of injuries in Hull Street Road wreck
Police said the crash happened on Tuesday , May 9 around 7:40 a.m. when a Ford Explorer and a Ford Expedition were traveling east in the 6900 block of Hull Street Road .
Officials said the Explorer , driven by Helen C. Lester , of the 4800 block of Chatham Grove Place , bumped the rear of the Expedition several times .
When the Expedition moved out of the way , officials said the Explorer accelerated , hit stop sign and ending up in a drainage ditch .
Officials said Lester was transported to Chippenham Hospital . She died as a result of injuries on June 6 .
The driver of the Expedition was not hurt .
Police said their investigation into the crash is ongoing .
37.475459 -77.522649
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
* Soft euro zone inflation data pressures euro
* Upward revision to US GDP data helps greenback
* S. African rand slumps as fin min replaced
TOKYO , March 31 The dollar edged up in Asian trading on Friday , poised for weekly gains after solid U.S. economic data contrasted with figures showing euro zone inflation cooling .
The dollar index , which tracks the U.S. currency against a basket of six major rivals , was up 0.1 percent at 100.50 , up 0.9 percent for the week and not far from a two-week high of 100.60 hit overnight .
The euro nursed losses , up 0.1 percent on the day at $ 1.0681 but down 1.1 percent for the week .
German and Spanish consumer price data released on Thursday showed inflation slowed more sharply than expected in March as oil prices slumped , offering some respite to the European Central Bank as it faces pressure to wind down its monetary stimulus .
Revised U.S. gross domestic product data on Thursday showed that U.S. fourth quarter growth slowed less than previously reported as consumer spending provided a boost that was partially offset by the largest gain in imports in two years .
`` The number itself was n't great but the forward-looking indicators look pretty good , '' said Jennifer Vail , head of fixed-income research for US Bank Wealth Management in Portland , Oregon .
`` You 're probably going to see some modest reaction to the softness we 're seeing in the eurozone , as it looks like some of the inflation data is not as strong as initially thought , '' she said . `` I think the reason you did n't see more substantial dollar strength is concerns on the lack of conviction that our new president had in getting ACA repealed . ''
Republicans withdrew their bill a week ago to replace and repeal the Obama administration 's Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) due to lack of support in Congress , raising concerns that President Donald Trump 's tax reform and stimulus measures might also face legislative challenges .
Trump lashed out on Thursday at Republican conservatives who helped torpedo the healthcare legislation , escalating a feud within his party .
Against its Japanese counterpart , the dollar was flat on the day at 111.98 yen , up 0.5 percent for the week .
Data released on Friday showed Japan 's core consumer prices rose 0.2 percent in February from a year earlier , marking the fastest annual pace in nearly two years but still distant from the central bank 's ambitious 2 percent target .
Japan 's business year ends on Friday . The dollar was on track to lose 0.6 percent against the yen for the fiscal period .
Sterling edged up 0.2 percent to $ 1.2490 , on track for a slight gain in a week marked by volatile trading in a week in which British Prime Minister Theresa May formally triggered the Brexit process .
The dollar rallied 1 percent against South Africa 's rand to 13.410 , its highest since early February , after President Jacob Zuma replaced the country 's finance minister .
Zuma appointed Malusi Gigaba to replace Pravin Gordhan who was sacked in a cabinet reshuffle late on Thursday evening , eNCA television said . ( Reporting by Tokyo markets team ; Editing by Richard Pullin )
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
March 29 London Stock Exchange Group Plc :
* Termination of merger following EC decision
* EC merger control condition to merger has become incapable of being satisfied and consequently , merger will not proceed to completion
* LSEG regrets commission 's decision to prohibit proposed merger and looks forward to reviewing detailed commission decision in due course .
* Does not agree with view that a business of LCH SA 's scale would not be a viable stand-alone competitor without concurrent sale of MTS
* As consequence of merger termination , proposed sale of LCH SA by LSEG and LCH Group to Euronext N.V. Will also terminate
* Believes proposed merger with Deutsche Börse in combination with LCH SA remedy would have preserved credible and robust competition in all markets
* LSEG looks forward to reviewing detailed commission decision to be published under article 8 ( 3 ) regulation ( EC ) 139/2004 in due course
* LSEG is confident in its prospects as a standalone business
* Plans to initiate on-market 200 mln stg share buyback , amount broadly equal to return would have made had Deutsche Börse merger proceeded as planned
* Continues to be actively engaged in exploring selective inorganic and ongoing organic investment Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom )
Court blocks release of New York police body camera footage
NEW YORK ( AP ) — An appeals court is blocking the release of New York City police body camera footage at least until it hears arguments in November .
An Appellate Division panel issued the injunction on Tuesday as the city 's largest police union fights to block the public disclosure of the footage . It 's the second legal victory for the Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association , which contends the New York Police Department 's release of footage is `` illegal and arbitrary . ''
An Appellate Division judge granted an initial stay in May after a lower court ruled against the union .
The city 's Law Department says the court has made clear it wants a `` full opportunity to consider the issues '' before releasing body camera footage .
The NYPD released its first body camera footage of a fatal police shooting in September 2017 .
Architect claims NY 's One World Trade Center stole his design
NEW YORK , June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan 's One World Trade Center , claiming that the building bears a `` striking similarity '' to a tower he designed in 1999 while in graduate school .
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday . Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy :
Film Review : 'The First Purge ' is depressingly prescient
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Annette Brown , AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 This image released by Universal Pictures shows Lex Scott Davis and Joivan Wade , right , in a scene from `` The First Purge . '' ( Annette Brown/Universal Pictures via AP ) This image released by Universal Pictures shows Lex Scott Davis and Joivan Wade , right , in a scene from `` The First Purge . '' ( Annette Brown/Universal Pictures via AP ) Photo : Annette Brown , AP Image 2 of 3 This image released by Universal Pictures shows Y'lan Noel in a scene from `` The First Purge . '' ( Annette Brown/Universal Pictures via AP ) This image released by Universal Pictures shows Y'lan Noel in a scene from `` The First Purge . '' ( Annette Brown/Universal Pictures via AP ) Photo : Annette Brown , AP Image 3 of 3 Film Review : 'The First Purge ' is depressingly prescient 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
This Fourth of July , we 've got a chance to celebrate America 's birth in a very American way — watching internecine warfare , spasms of savage violence and a dark government conspiracy pulling the strings . That 's right , it 's time for a new Purge .
`` The First Purge , '' the fourth film in the franchise , is an origin story set in modern day New York that allows creator James DeMonaco to do what he does best — mix social satire with doses of heart-pounding horror . It 's a worthy addition to the B-movie `` Purge '' cannon , even as it 's depressingly prescient .
For those unfamiliar with the low-budget-but-high-earning `` Purge '' series , here 's how it works : In a dystopian near-future , the government , led by a nefarious party called the New Founding Fathers of America , allows an annual 12-hour period of lawlessness without recriminations . Over the course of a single night , rape , murder , robbery and everything else is permitted across the nation as a way to release anger but also a way to cull from an overpopulated nation and lower crime .
Over the past three films , DeMonaco has explored all kinds of different facets to this rich and complex notion , from gun control to the behavior of predatory corporations , to government brutality against people of color and class wars . This time , DeMonaco goes back to the root of the `` societal catharsis '' to dive into how murder is incentivized and celebrate the first resistance to the purges .
DeMonaco sets `` The First Purge '' on Staten Island , where the first beta test was launched ( and is , incidentally , his hometown ) . He has bafflingly attracted Oscar-winner Marisa Tomei to play the behavioral scientist who has designed the purge for the NRA-backed New Founding Fathers of America . She 's not on any side here ; she 's just a data-driven gal unwittingly about to unleash holy hell on a sealed-off island .
On the ground , we meet our main players — Y'lan Noel , who makes a hunky and very charismatic drug kingpin ; Lex Scott Davis , as his old girlfriend who has become a community activist ; and Joivan Wade as her younger brother , torn between the lure of quick drug money and his sister 's unwavering morality . Rotimi Paul makes an absolutely frightening psycho and Steve Harris is an always welcome addition . ( There 's also a cameo by Van Jones as a TV reporter skeptical of the purges . )
DeMonaco has handed over directorial duties this time to Gerard McMurray , who made his feature directorial debut with the Netflix hazing drama `` Burning Sands . '' It is perhaps fitting that McMurray , an African-American director , helps tell the story of an inner-city minority community under siege that overwhelmingly stars actors of color . McMurray has a deft touch juggling action sequences , humor and intimate dialogue .
The first purge actually starts off unevenly , with many Staten Islanders who have stayed ( and who have pocketed $ 5,000 in the process ) choosing to have a boozy block party rather than murder each other . The New Founding Fathers of America soon decide to goose the violence level with a familiar tactic and the film moves into action hero territory , with Noel turning into a John McClane-like hero , and our makeshift community banding together to fight an oppressive regime — very Yankee Doodle Dandy . The blood flows so much that in one sequence it splashes the camera itself .
The `` Purge '' films have never been very subtle and `` The First Purge '' is no different . At one point , the brave ragtag Staten Islanders are being systematically hunted by heavily armed white gunmen wearing KKK hoods or Nazi coats and masks that look like blackface and minstrel shows . ( Oh , and big thanks to costume designer Elisabeth Vastola for reprising her work from `` The Purge : Election Year '' by creating some masks that will haunt my nightmares forever . )
But DeMonaco 's signature hammy scriptwriting also rears its head . The characters are barely one-dimensional and prone to doing stupid stuff , like wandering out alone during a night of mayhem . `` We 're safe , '' the sister says at one point . Her brother responds thoughtfully : `` For now . '' ( They 're not . ) Poor Tomei is a wonderful actress marooned . `` What have I done ? '' she intones toward the end , having to use her eyes to convey the turmoil her dialogue can not .
But there 's no denying DeMonaco 's ability to conceive of a film that seems ripped from the headlines . `` The First Purge '' is hardly sci-fi in the face of neo-Nazis really marching in U.S. streets , immigration policies that have been denounced as inhumane and a Congress awash in NRA donations .
One thing DeMonaco ca n't do is avoid his own timeline . We know that the purges are still raging in 2039 , so whatever happens in Staten Island ca n't end them . That 's a truly depressing thought on this Independence Day holiday : There will be more blood in the streets , not less .
`` The First Purge , '' a Universal Pictures release , is rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America for `` for strong disturbing violence throughout , pervasive language , some sexuality and drug use . '' Running time : 99 minutes . Two stars out of four .
___
MPAA Definition of R : Restricted . Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian .
___
Online : https : //www.thefirstpurge.com
___
Mark Kennedy is at http : //twitter.com/KennedyTwits
It 'd be easy to argue that the last thing the world needs right now is another culinary travel memoir .
After all , there 's no shortage of clichéd sentimental journeys that trace a narrator 's quest to find meaning in the rustic foodways of rural communities . Despite the glut in this genre though , there 's still plenty of insight that could be gleaned from the culture of food , it just needs a writer willing to do a deep dive . Turns out that person is Jan Wong , who proved that the culinary travel memoir can still be relevant with `` Apron Strings : Navigating Food and Family in France , Italy , and China . ''
Wong , a former Globe and Mail columnist who currently works as a journalism professor in Fredericton , N. B. , took advantage of a sabbatical to embark on a trip ( grown son , Sam , in tow ) that would see mother-and-son do a homestay with families in the three countries . The quest is n't so terribly novel ; what sets it apart is Wong 's nearly-obsessively sharp observational skills , which lead to snippets of wisdom about how culture and politics influence the kitchen .
In France , for example , the intrepid food writer learns the mother sauces , but takes breaks to familiarize herself with the country 's health-care system and examine the shifting attitudes toward immigration . Where the book really takes off , though , is when she gets to China , where she contemplates the relationship between food and class .
It 's hardly surprising that this section is enlightening , given Wong 's experience living in Beijing , first as a student and then as a foreign correspondent . It 's obviously a very different China than the one she first moved to in the 1970s . And , while she 's far from the only person to have observed the changes in that country , her years of experience writing about it for the Canadian reader makes this last chapter a neat introduction to both modern China and its cuisine .
So maybe the world could use one more culinary memoir , after all . Possibly even more , if they 're all as good as this one .
Christine Sismondo is the author of “ America Walks Into a Bar : A Spirited History of Taverns and Saloons , Speakeasies and Grog Shops ” ( Oxford University Press ) .
Special to the Star
( Corrects company name to Mubadala Development Co from Mubadala Investment Co )
ABU DHABI , March 30 Abu Dhabi 's state-owned Mubadala Development Co said its net profit nearly tripled in 2016 , while total comprehensive income rebounded to a profit from a loss in 2015 , primarily helped by financial investments .
Mubadala reported a net profit of 3.3 billion dirhams ( $ 899 million ) for 2016 , compared to a net profit of 1.2 billion dirhams in 2015 .
Total comprehensive income , which comprises all forms of income was 4.1 billion dirhams in 2016 , up from 1.3 billion dirhams in the previous year , the company said in a statement on Thursday .
( $ 1 = 3.6729 dirhams ) ( Reporting By Stanley Carvalho ; Editing by Susan Fenton and David Evans )
Kourtney Kardashian has slammed womanizer Scott Disick .
The 38-year-old reality TV star is fed up with seeing her former boyfriend - who is the father of her three children - photographed with a bevy of beauties and in a scathing attack , she called his women `` hookers '' .
In a clip for 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians ' , filmed before Scott , 34 , started dating Sofia Richie , 19 , she fumed : `` Why ca n't he get it together ? I have to handle it when he 's out photographed with a different hooker every day . ''
Kourtney 's mother Kris Jenner implied that Scott was jealous after she jetted off for a girls ' trip to Mexico and he was acting out .
She said : `` I think he was jealous . Because you were having fun , spending time with other people . ''
However , Kourtney insisted that Scott - who reportedly cheated on her in the past - had no right to be jealous .
She said : `` Well , that 's really not fair . It 's just like , I ca n't even live my life . I ca n't even go anywhere . He needs to get a f * * * ing life and leave me alone .
`` All he does is try to make everybody else feel bad for him and try to make me look like the bad guy in the situation when clearly I 'm not , from 10 years of this going on . ''
But Kris insisted that Kourtney would be `` sad '' if Scott did in fact move on from their relationship .
She added : `` You always want what you ca n't have . And when somebody is right there giving you their heart on a platter . ''
AP PHOTOS : Peruvian restoration center rescues art from ruin
CUZCO , Peru ( AP ) — The old colonial palace high in the Andes and crowded with treasures from Peru 's bygone golden age feels more like an emergency room than a workshop for recovering damaged artwork .
But sculptures of decapitated Roman Catholic saints , dismembered angels and charred paintings from remote churches across the spine of the Andes all find their way here , where a team of dedicated specialists works to restore them after catastrophic fires and centuries of neglect .
`` They are like patients suffering terminal cancer who we are bringing back to life , '' said Erwin Castilla , head of canvas conservation at the Ministry of Culture 's Restoration Center in Cuzco .
The facility , which opened in 2003 , claims to be the only one of its kind operating in Peru and has already made major contributions to the country 's cultural heritage : Between 2015 and 2017 it rescued more than 500 paintings , sculptures , and ceramic pieces .
The center 's teams of more than 50 conservationists wear surgical masks and use modern technology — like X-ray and ultraviolet machines — to uncover images that over time have faded away on canvases that average 300 years old .
Cuzco was the capital of the ancient Inca Empire , and from the 16th to 18th centuries it became an epicenter for Catholic-themed art under Spanish colonizers .
Paintings from the `` Cuzco School '' reflect a rich blend of European influences with indigenous imagery and homegrown artistic techniques that later spread throughout South America .
In the meticulous workshop , conservationists keep detailed records of each piece , as if they were a patient 's medical chart . A board of experts then pores over the records to determine how to bring the works back to life .
The center receives calls for help from small churches in remote Andean villages that have existed for centuries , and many of the paintings have endured punishing rain , sun , mold , nibbling moths and even flawed repairs by untrained hands .
`` We have to advance bit by bit , '' Castilla said . `` Sometimes it takes us years . ''
One restored painting by the indigenous artist Diego Quispe Tito was scorched in a 2016 fire at a Cuzco church along with more than 30 other works . Authorities estimate losses from that fire at nearly $ 2 million .
The team also restores delicate sculptures depicting Catholic martyrs made from wood and cloth that are often missing heads or arms .
The workshop struggles to run on a shoestring budget of $ 700,000 a year , said Nidia Perez , an art historian who heads the workshop . But the team never loses sight of its mission .
`` We are keeping alive the memory of Andean art , '' she said . `` We must fight every day to keep it from disappearing . ''
PERTH ( miningweekly.com ) – ASX-listed POZ Minerals has executed an option agreement over its Musgraves vanadium project , in Western Australia .
The option agreement granted the buyer a three-month exclusive right to purchase the project for A $ 120 000 in cash and a 1 % net smelter royalty on any minerals produced from the tenement .
Advertisement
A non-refundable option fee of A $ 30 000 has been paid to POZ , the company said on Thursday .
The buyer could extend the option by a further three months for an additional A $ 30 000 prior to the end of the option period , and should the buyer exercise the option prior to the extension of the offer period , a further A $ 30 000 was payable .
Advertisement
If the buyer were to conduct an initial public offering , or sell the tenement to a listed company , a further A $ 30 000 would be payable to POZ in the form of shares in the listed entity .
POZ executive chairperson Jim Richards said on Thursday that the Musgraves transaction was a good way for POZ to add value to the company while maintaining its focus on the Blinda diamond project , in Western Australia .
“ The retained 1 % net smelter royalty from the Musgrave tenement could prove extremely valuable should the project move to production , as vanadium is a critical metal part of the lithium-ion battery supply chain . ”
While POZ has not conducted any fieldwork on the tenement area , the project is considered highly prospective for vanadium , based on previous rock chip sampling .
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) said on Thursday that New Zealand 's central bank should add debt-to-income ( DTI ) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country 's housing market .
Soon after he arrived in the White House , Trump signed an executive order to enforce the so-called global gag rule , which forbids organizations receiving U.S. funding from providing access to the procedure — or even mentioning it .
The W7 summit coincides with the first in-person meeting of the G7 gender equality advisory council , which includes such high-profile members as Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai , Christine Lagarde , the head of the International Monetary Fund , and billionaire philanthropist Melinda Gates .
It remains unclear how many of the members will be coming to Ottawa , but the event includes a panel discussion with Trudeau on Thursday .
The goal of the advisory council , which will be developing its preliminary recommendations for what they would like to see Trudeau champion around the G7 table , is to make sure gender equality — as well as gender-based analysis — is considered throughout what Canada brings to the summit .
Farrah Khan , an anti-sexual violence educator and advocate who is a member of the G7 advisory council , said the council will spend their time together hammering out their preliminary recommendations , which will go to Trudeau and Status of Women Minister Maryam Monsef for review .
Khan said the timeline is tight , but she sees the endeavour as the beginning of something that will last beyond the meeting in June .
`` I think no matter the time that we are given or the space that we 're given , I think we are going to take up that space and more and ensure that this ( has ) a ripple effect , '' said Khan , the manager of the office of sexual violence support and education at Ryerson University in Toronto .
She also said it is important to remember that a government-organized advisory council is neither the beginning nor the end of the work that each of its members — and the feminist movement in general — has been doing to champion the rights of women and girls around the world .
`` This is only one part of the push , '' she said . `` Social movements are n't built by the state . ''
April 20 UMB Financial Corp :
* UMB Financial Corporation announces agreement to sell Scout Investments , Inc. To Carillon Tower Advisers
* UMB Financial Corp says execution of an agreement to sell 100 percent of stock of Scout Investments , Inc
* UMB Financial Corp says company plans to use proceeds from transaction to support its current growth strategies
* Transaction has been approved by boards of directors at both companies
* UMB Financial Corp - deal for $ 172.5 million in cash Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
An influx of ticks in Ontario has been expected for some time with the onset of climate change and farmland turning into forested areas . The pests have also hitched rides north on migratory birds and humans .
`` We 're certainly in the zone of an expected tick abundance and of Lyme disease , '' Harding-Cruz said .
The disease caused by bacteria in blacklegged ticks can initially cause flu-like symptoms , such as fatigue , fever and headaches , but can progress to nerve damage , heart problems and arthritis .
The nearest estimated risk area to Hamilton is Wainfleet Bog in Niagara Region . Other hot spots are along Lake Erie and in eastern Ontario .
For an area to be labelled a provincial Lyme disease estimated risk area , blacklegged ticks must be found during `` dragging '' in spring and fall in the same area .
In Hamilton , that happened at Christie Lake Conservation Area , from which a 20-kilometre radius now maps out the estimated risk area . Seven blacklegged ticks were also found at Royal Botanical Gardens paths and Borer 's Falls in Dundas , but not during spring and fall .
In 2016 , dragging , which basically involves a stick and a net , yielded one blacklegged tick in Cootes Paradise in the fall . It tested negative for the bacteria that causes Lyme disease .
Last year , members of the public submitted 892 ticks to public health in Hamilton . Seventy-eight were blacklegged , of which eight tested positive for Lyme — with one test result pending . In 2016 , public health received 297 ticks , 26 of which were blacklegged .
`` One of the things that we need to do ... is kind of face the facts that the ticks are here , '' Harding-Cruz said . `` Unfortunately , this disease needs to be prevented through personal measures . ''
That includes removing ticks from skin as soon as they 're noticed , and taking preventative measures , such as wearing long pants and sleeves in shady , long-grass areas , where the critters are most common .
On Monday , the board of health backed Coun . Sam Merulla 's suggestion to have staff explore the `` pros and cons '' of the city using tick pesticides to stamp them out in problematic parts of town .
Such products are available to individual consumers for private use in Ontario , but ca n't be used in public areas .
`` Under the circumstances and considering the public health issues of Lyme disease , there should be some sort of discussion of can cities be exempt if they 're deemed to be in that problematic area , '' Merulla said after the meeting .
JAKARTA , INDONESIA — The new head of Indonesia 's armed forces , Air Force chief Hadi Tjahjanto , is seen as a close ally of President Joko “ Jokowi ” Widodo , who had a tense relationship with the retiring General Gatot Nurmantyo , an outspoken figure who is thought to have political ambitions of his own .
Tjahjanto was sworn on last Friday and has spent several stints in Solo , the Central Java city that is also the hometown of current President Jokowi , who was the city 's popular mayor before he ascended to the nation 's highest office . Tjahjanto 's and Jokowi 's families are said to be close and the appointment will likely be a relief for the latter , who is the first Indonesian president without military ties .
Tjahjanto also served as Jokowi 's “ military secretary ” from 2014 to 2016 . He grew up in an Air Force family in East Java and was reportedly known as “ otak setan , ” or demon brain , as a promising high school student in Malang . Tjahjanto is now 54 years old , so he could theoretically serve his full four-year-term unlike Gatot , who resigned shortly before he turned the mandatory retirement age of 58 .
“ For the first time in three years , we can say that Jokowi has finally found his man as the [ Indonesian military ] commander , ” said Evan Laksmana , an analyst at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Jakarta . “ Hopefully this will give Jokowi the impetus to invest a little more in military leadership , not just with Hadi but all around . ”
A more subdued leader
“ We 're probably going to see less political maneuvering from Tjahjanto , ” said Laksmana , compared to Gatot . Gatot was known for holding off-the-cuff press conferences and maintaining a generally high public profile through entanglements like being barred from entering the United States just last month .
“ I do n't think he will be assertive as Gatot , who has very clear ambitions for higher office , ” said Yohanes Sulaiman , a defense lecturer at General Achmad Yani University . “ Hadi knows he is lucky to become the head of the military despite some discussion about problems with his leadership in the Air Force , ” said Sulaiman , like the controversial purchase of helicopters by the military last year .
New priorities
Tjahjanto has outlined five priorities for his term , ranging from “ cyberwar ” to terrorism to the South China Sea .
The emergence of non-state actors with varying motives has increased instability in a number of areas like the Middle East , Iraq , Syria and Asia and North Korea , said Tjahjanto . He stated the need for the military to deal with “ contemporary threats and transnational crimes , ” not just conventional warfare .
“ Every military commander brings his own plans and goals , ” said Laksmana . “ Rebuilding the air force command will be more prominent under Tjahjanto… there are existing plans , for example , to expand air force bases , especially on the outer islands of the country , which have n't been a major priority under the last commander . ”
With regards to his overall agenda , Laksmana suggested that Tjahjanto 's outlook “ skews external , and possibly more maritime , in outlook ” to that of his predecessor , whose agenda included influencing the domestic discourse . “ But I doubt you will see super drastic changes when it comes to actual policies , ” he said , in part because Tjahjanto is somewhat junior compared to his peers , so there will be a “ bargaining and accommodation ” period while he establishes relationships to carry out his agenda .
Gatot 's Legacy
It is safe to say that Gatot will not simply be retiring into a quiet life next year . Just before his term ended , he shuffled 85 high-ranking officers from across the military into new roles , seemingly to leave his imprint on the internal command .
Several actors who might challenge Jokowi in his 2019 reelection bid come from the armed forces , from Gatot to retired General Prabowo Subianto , who narrowly lost to Jokowi in 2014 . That being said , a recent poll indicated Jokowi is far and away the most popular candidate for the next presidential election , and the appointment of Tjahjanto may further help manage his relations with the military .
Galway Bay fm newsroom – The Loughrea Swimming Pool Committee is seeking proposals on the future use of a 25 acre site adjacant to the Loughrea Bypass .
The land was purchased using funds raised during a long-running campaign to secure a swimming pool for Loughrea .
However , the recent announcement by Pat McDonagh that he intends to build a swimming pool in the town means the site will likely be used for other purposes .
The committee is now inviting proposals from local clubs and organisations – but says all ideas must be non-commercial .
Committee chairman Martin Smyth says that the public can submit any and all ideas that could serve the community .
MEXICO CITY , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned Mexico on Friday to pay attention to Russian meddling in elections around the world , following comments from another U.S. official that there were signs of such interference in the country 's presidential race .
Speaking in Mexico City , Tillerson said European counterparts had noticed that Russia had had its fingerprints on a number of elections .
“ We hear this from our European counterparts , ” Tillerson said . “ My advice would be ... pay attention to what 's happening . ”
His comments followed remarks late last year by U.S. National Security Adviser H.R . McMaster , who said there was already evidence of Russian meddling in Mexican elections set for July .
McMaster did not give details of the alleged interference .
Tillerson made no reference to alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election won by President Donald Trump . That involvement included people in Russia buying 3,000 U.S. political ads and placing 80,000 Facebook posts seen by 126 million Americans over two years , Facebook has said .
U.S. Special Counsel Robert Mueller is investigating the allegations of Russian meddling in the U.S. campaign , including whether there was any collusion between Trump 's team and Moscow .
Russia denies that it intervened in the election .
The country led by Vladimir Putin has also been accused of intervening in votes in Italy , Finland , Britain and France , among others .
Mexico holds presidential and congressional elections on July 1 and so far the frontrunner in almost all polls is left-wing former Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador .
An aide to presidential hopeful Jose Antonio Meade , hoping to run for the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) , warned in January that Russia could try to benefit Lopez Obrador .
Lopez Obrador has made light of the allegation and has since taken to wearing a jacket embroidered with the name “ Andres Manuelovich ” . ( Reporting by Anthony Esposito and Gabriel Stargardter ; Writing by Christine Murray ; Editing by Frank Jack Daniel and Sandra Maler )
Emmanuel Macron ( C ) , head of the political movement En Marche ! , or Onwards ! , and candidate for the 2017 presidential election , shakes hands with a youth during a campaign visit in Sarcelles , near Paris , April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Martin Bureau/Pool
BERLIN German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Friday that Emmanuel Macron would be a strong president for France and she hoped he would win a run-off on May 7 against far-right leader Marine Le Pen .
As runner-up in last Sunday 's opening ballot , Le Pen remains the underdog going into the run-off , but several polls have suggested she made a more impressive start to the last lap of campaigning than her rival Macron .
`` I have n't the slightest doubt that Macron , should he win , which is what I hope for , would be a strong president , '' Merkel told the RND newspaper group in remarks to be published on Saturday .
Asked if Macron would have to prove that he was n't `` the German poodle '' to win credibility among the French public and EU peers , Merkel said : `` This term is simply absurd . ''
Macron is enthusiastic about the European Union and wants to enact pro-business reforms to boost growth . Le Pen has vowed to shut France 's borders to immigrants , unwind EU institutions and restrict imports to protect jobs .
Merkel said any demands by Macron that Germany increase its contributions to the European Union would have to be discussed after the election .
`` We will see . I ca n't anticipate the discussions with the future French president , '' she said .
Germany holds a national election on Sept. 24 . Merkel 's conservatives are five percentage points ahead of their centre-left Social Democrat junior coalition partners in the polls .
( Reporting by Joseph Nasr ; Editing by Andrew Heavens )
By Claudia Tanner
With so many diet trends around - including Paleo , Atkins , Dukan and Ketogenic - it can be hard to decipher which are good for you .
Now celebrity trainer Justin Gelband has revealed his expert take on what does work and what does n't .
The New York-based fitness fanatic trains some of the most famous Victoria 's Secret models , including Candice Swanepoel , Irina Shaik , Karlie Kloss , Erin Heatherton and Martha Hunt , the Daily Mail reported .
Advertisement
He has revealed he is a huge fan of the controversial Paleo , or `` caveman '' diet which is low-carb and high fat .
Personal trainer Justin Gelband with Candie Swanepoel ( left ) and Erin Heatherton ( right ) . Photo / Instagram / vsangelsjustinb Personal trainer Justin Gelband with Candie Swanepoel ( left ) and Erin Heatherton ( right ) . Photo / Instagram / vsangelsjustinb
He also blasted so-called juice detoxes and argued they do not work as a method to shed pounds .
Celebrity fans of liquid diets include model Lottie Moss and Gwyneth Paltrow .
Firstly , Gelband said it 's important to understand that although exercise is important to the regimes of his model clients , maintaining a healthy weight is not just about exercise .
What you can and can not eat on a Paleo diet
The diet is based on eating foods thought to be available to our ancestors during the Paleolithic era , before the advent of dairy or processed grains - and has its advocates and critics .
Celebrities such as Matthew McConaughey and Jessica Biel are reportedly fans .
Do eat
Fruit
Apples , bananas , oranges , avocados , pears , strawberries , blueberries etc
Vegetables
Broccoli , kale , peppers , onions , carrots , tomatoes etc
Lean meat
Beef , lamb , chicken , turkey , pork , veal etc
Seafood
Salmon , trout , haddock , shrimp , shellfish etc
Nuts and seeds
Almonds , walnuts , hazelnuts etc
Natural healthy fats
Lard , coconut oil , olive oil etc
Do not eat
Dairy
Milk , cheese , ice cream , butter , milk and white chocolate
Grains
Bread , pasta , rice , wheat , spelt , rye , barley
Processed food
Burgers , hot dogs , pizza , donuts , breakfast cereals , chips
Processed sugar
Soda , fruit juice , table sugar , candy , cake , ice cream
Legumes
Beans , lentils etc
Alcohol
Unless it 's distilled liquor - but no mixers
He told Business Insider , `` 85 per cent of what you do is what you eat '' , echoing the the old adage `` abs are made in the kitchen '' .
Juicing is not for weight loss
Despite juicing having become a big heath trend in recent years , Gelband is adamant that he does not recommend it .
`` At fashion week some models went on a juice diet and did n't tell me , '' he revealed .
`` Not one lost weight , some actually gained weight . That got me in big trouble . ''
Devotees insist fruit and vegetable juice diets give results quickly , are easier to follow than traditional calorie-counting methods and can even boost mood and energy levels .
But Gelband is not the first health professional to criticise the fad . Experts warn that not only do liquid diets lack vital nutrients , they can cause a range of health problems , from tooth decay to diabetes , migraines , dry skin and fainting spells - and even lead to weight gain and obesity in the long run .
Due to such an intense calorie restriction , it is argued that the metabolism will slow down dramatically , sending the body into starvation mode . It will then cling on to every calorie and actually cause weight gain .
`` There 's a time and place for juice fasting - just not for weight loss , '' said Gelband said .
`` If you 're on a yoga retreat in Bali , you 're meditating and doing yoga and you want to drink juices because you do n't want any heavy foods in your body , that 's fine . ''
He added that when it comes to helping the Victoria 's Secret models get cat walk ready , there is no place for starvation : `` Food is key to energy , '' he said . `` They 're not bean poles . ''
The low carb-high fat diet
The eating plan has been hailed as the best way to lose weight and build muscle - and Gelband agrees .
It first came to the public 's attention in 2001 , when Professor Loren Cordain , of Colorado State University 's health and exercise department published The Paleo Diet - and has since soared in popularity .
Essentially a low-carb , high fat diet , followers can eat grass-produced meats , fish and seafood , fresh fruits and vegetables , eggs , nuts and seeds and `` healthful '' oils .
Banned items include dairy , cereals and grains , potatoes , refined sugar , processed food and salt .
But Paleo is not without its critics - and many argue the plan has no scientific validity .
A study last year by University of Melbourne claimed following the diet for just eight weeks can lead to rapid weight gain and health complications .
However , another recent study has showed it can improve heart health in just eight weeks .
The research by the University of Houston Laboratory of Integrative Physiology found improved health in eight participants who who normally eat a Western diet when they switched to the Paleo diet .
May 2 Telenav Inc
* Telenav reports third quarter fiscal 2017 financial results
* Q3 loss per share $ 0.31
* Q3 revenue $ 35.1 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 37.8 million
* Q3 earnings per share view $ -0.22 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Telenav Inc - Deferred revenue as of March 31 , 2017 was $ 61.2 million , compared with $ 36.1 million as of December 31 , 2016
* Telenav Inc qtrly billings were $ 60.2 million , compared with $ 53.1 million in same prior year period
* Telenav Inc - For quarter ending June 30 , 2017 total revenue is expected to range from $ 39 to $ 41 million .
* Telenav Inc qtrly gross margin was 50 % , compared to 44 % in same prior year period
* Telenav Inc - For quarter ending june 30 , 2017 , billings are expected to range from $ 64 to $ 66 million .
* FY2017 revenue view $ 171.4 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Telenav Inc sees net loss per share expected to range from $ 0.30 to $ 0.33 for quarter ending June 30 , 2017
* Q4 earnings per share view $ -0.21 , revenue view $ 39.3 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Aside from the five observation aircraft , officers on fisheries patrol flights will also report whale sightings , and a plane from the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration will be looking to identify whales later this summer .
Gosselin said they hope to improve management methods for this year and coming years .
`` The objective of the aerial surveillance is to provide estimates of abundance and presence of right whales in the shipping lanes and the fishing areas , '' he said .
`` Also there 's a science objective to have a more global understanding of the occurrence , distribution and abundance of right whales through the season on the east coast of Canada . ''
Six fishing areas in the Gulf of St. Lawrence were closed to several fisheries as of May 22 , including snow crab , rock crab and lobster .
The department is enforcing a static closure zone in the Gulf of St. Lawrence along New Brunswick 's northern coast until June 30 .
DFO is also enforcing dynamic management closures , which will shut down fishing activities for a minimum of 15 days when there is the confirmed presence of North Atlantic right whales .
Fishermen have expressed concerns over the financial impact of the closures , and Gosselin said observers on the planes know the impact of their reports and how important it is to be accurate .
`` That 's why we want to make sure we 've done the training properly and we want to make sure that we are detecting the animals , '' he said .
`` That 's why we are circling back to identify the right whale properly before we transmit the information to Transport Canada and the Fisheries managers to shut down fishing zones or reduce the speed in shipping lanes , '' he said .
By Kevin Bissett , The Canadian Press
`` Kapanen has been up a number of times and was real important for us last year in the playoffs , I think it looks like he 's an NHL player . It looks to me like he 's bringing it every day , '' said Leafs coach Mike Babcock . `` Dermott seems to be getting better and better each game . His skillset , his thinking , he can really move the puck , he can skate . His ability to sort it out in our end is what is going to be measured over time , especially in the games where the other team plays heavy and it wears on you so that 's just a matter of time .
`` I thought Holl did a real good job in exhibition this year , I thought he played strong , he 's done a good job in the American League and earned an opportunity . ''
It has created an internal competition with the Marlies pushing NHL veterans . Matt Martin is a healthy scratch . It will be hard for Babcock to reinsert Roman Polak even when he is healthy again .
`` We 're trying to have as deep an organization as we can and we want to bring the kids up when they 're ready , '' said Babcock . `` A lot of times in the National Hockey League we get them here before they 're ready and they 've got no confidence and then we 're not happy with them .
`` If you get them here when they 're overripe , they 've got a better chance of staying and being confident players and scoring . That 's what we 're trying to do the best we possibly can so the more depth the better. ``
No questions there 's a feel-good , pat-yourself-on-the-back attitude spreading among the Leafs front office which has turned the fortunes of the club around in very short order , considering where it was as recently as two years ago .
The club is on a four-game winning streak , with their young players taking a leadership role and the recent call-ups seemingly making the team better , thanks to their speed , skill and a surprising level of confidence .
The Leafs will have some roster decisions soon when Morgan Rielly ( upper body ) and Ron Hainsey ( flu ) return , quite possibly as early as Saturday against the Bruins .
But the success of Dermott and Holl has changed the conversation about the strength of the blue line . There 's a depth that had n't truly been seen before .
Still , the thinking is the Leafs will still need help at the trade deadline : Some more veterans sprinkled through the lineup , especially on the blue line . If an elite , right-handed shot defenceman happens to drop out of the sky , all the better .
Lamoriello 's key deadline move last year — bringing in Brian Boyle — was deemed a success . It solidified the fourth line and the veteran brought a calming presence to a young team that seemed to be developing the yips as it pursued a playoff spot .
`` We were able to get Brian , and he brought something into our lineup much like what Patrick Marleau and Ron Hainsey and Dominic Moore and Roman Polak have brought — seasoned veterans who have been in situations where they know what it is to win , they know what it is to get through rounds and how difficult it is , '' said Lamoriello . `` Anything you can do , if you bring in a certain experienced player who most importantly can play . ''
Toronto Star
April 20NH Hotels Group SA :
* Said on Wednesday it signed the final agreement with Grupo Inversor Hesperia to rebranding and investing in repositioning its portfolio of hotels
* The 28 Hesperia hotels total 4000 rooms and represent 30 pct of the portfolio operated under management contracts by NH Hotel Group
* The new management contract represents for NH Hotel Group an estimated net contribution of 7.2 million euro ( $ 7.7 million ) this year
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9324 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
NEW YORK , Aug 11 ( Reuters ) - Bearish stock investors are slowly coming out of hibernation , as money has begun to move into funds that aim to profit when markets dive .
U.S. mutual funds that attempt to profit in falling markets attracted $ 413 million in new investments during the second quarter , the funds ' largest inflows since the height of 2013 's `` Taper Tantrum '' selloff , according to Thomson Reuters ' Lipper research unit .
On Thursday , the S & P 500 experienced its first 1 percent-plus drop in 58 trading days , as the CBOE Volatility Index surged over 44 percent , noted Bespoke Investment Group .
The selling pressure in stocks follows a frustrating year-to-date for bearish stock investors , given that the S & P was up 10.5 percent since Dec. 31 as of Wednesday 's close . As of Thursday 's close , it is up 8.9 percent .
Markets this week were set in negative motion after the United States and North Korea exchanged threats . President Donald Trump said Thursday that his previous promise of `` fire and fury '' in response to any threats from North Korea may have not gone far enough , vowing `` trouble '' for the country if its actions do not change .
Brad Lamensdorf , portfolio manager for AdvisorShares Ranger Equity Bear ETF , said he has seen demand for his fund partly driven by `` people that feel like it 's time to hedge . ''
`` They 're pretty negative from a forward-looking view , '' he said . The fund targets stocks with low earnings quality or potential accounting problems ; it has attracted $ 20 million this year .
The demand for these funds comes after a long drought , and remains a mere drop in the bucket within the fund world . The funds posted outflows in nine of the last 15 quarters , according to Lipper .
By contrast , domestic stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds have attracted $ 32 billion this year , including reinvested dividends , according to the Investment Company Institute , a trade group .
Demand for international stocks and bonds has been even stronger as investors tried to dial back exposure to U.S. stocks without the expensive costs attached to hedging strategies .
The bear funds keep a `` net short '' exposure to stocks , aiming to rise when markets fall . The cost of making that bet and the rising markets have helped the category deliver a negative 13.5 percent return this year , according to Lipper data through early August .
`` It 's sort of become almost a cliche that this has been the most hated bull market of all time , and I have a hard time buying into that , '' said Doug Ramsey , chief investment officer of the Leuthold Group LLC , whose firm offers a bear fund , the Grizzly Short Fund .
The company 's tactical funds recently reduced their net equity exposure , but he said he could see another fresh top before entering a true bear market .
`` We 're only looking for a short-term setback here , '' he said .
Several major asset managers have expressed caution in recent days .
Bridgewater Associates LP 's Ray Dalio wrote on Thursday that `` prospective risks are now rising and do not appear appropriately priced in . ''
Russ Koesterich at BlackRock Inc said in a note this week that tightening monetary policy in Europe and the United States could cause political uncertainty to morph `` from farce into tragedy '' by shaking investor confidence . Pacific Investment Management Company LLC portfolio managers Mihir Worah and Geraldine Sundstrom said U.S. equities are `` popular and crowded . ''
But some investors see the moderate U.S. equity flows and strengthening demand for bearish funds as a contrarian sign that the markets may have more room to run .
The nonprofit American Association of Individual Investors found that 36.1 percent of investors it surveyed expect the market to rise in the next six months , 2 percentage points below that gauge 's historical average . An above-average 32.1 percent of investors were bearish .
`` You do n't see the kind of euphoria that normally presents at the end of the cycle , '' said Leon Cooperman , chief executive of hedge fund Omega Advisors Inc. `` I do n't see sentiment characteristic of a top . '' ( Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt ; Editing by Jennifer Ablan and Leslie Adler )
× Children escape through second-story window after father opens fire
HAWLEY , Pa. — A father of three is behind bars after troopers say he started shooting inside his home in Wayne County , Pennsylvania , sending family members scrambling for safety .
State police say Shawn Birtel , 47 , pulled a gun and started firing in the early morning hours on Tuesday while his three children were inside .
Birtel 's kids and their friends , who were home at the time , escaped through a second-floor window around 2 a.m. , according to WNEP . An emergency ladder could still be seen later that day , dangling from an open window of the home along Route 6 in Hawley .
Troopers say Birtel was drinking with friends when he became combative , pulled out a pistol and began shooting , saying , “ I 'm going to kill them all . ”
According to court papers , Birtel 's children took a high-powered rifle from him so he could n't use it . The children are 20 , 15 , and 11 , authorities say . Along with two friends , they were able to get to safety thanks to the chain ladder .
No one was shot and Birtel surrendered when state police showed up . Troopers confiscated the rifle .
He 's now facing possible prison time for assault , endangering the welfare of children , and other charges .
Birtel is locked up in the Wayne County Correctional Facility .
ALGIERS Algeria 's government has rejected accusations from rights groups that it persecuted the Ahmadiyah religious sect during a recent spate of arrests , saying those detained were targeted for breaking the law not for their beliefs .
International rights groups have expressed concern in Algeria about crackdowns and religious persecution of Ahmadiyah , a Muslim sect also found in Pakistan and Indonesia as well as in communities in Europe but who some Sunnis accuse of apostasy .
The Ahmadiyah identify as Muslims , but believe another prophet followed the Prophet Mohammed , who founded Islam . That view runs counter to the Muslim religion 's central belief and is considered problematic by most mainstream Islamic organizations .
Algeria 's Minister of Religious Affairs Mohamed Aissa told diplomats and reporters this week that any arrests in Algeria 's Ahmadiyah community were for individual crimes and not a crackdown on their religious community .
His comments came after some Algerian political leaders had said there was no place for the Ahmadiyah in Algeria , where most people are Sunni Muslims . In the past , officials have suggested the community was involved in illegal proselytizing .
`` All those Ahmadiyah individuals ' activities in our country were illegal , we are not targeting the Ahmadiyah , but rather individuals , '' Aissa said at a conference this week .
PAST CIVIL WAR
Those arrested have been investigated for offences including unauthorised fundraising and the illicit use of private homes to conduct unauthorised secret meetings
He said 123 Ahmadiyah were under investigation and 21 had been arrested . The minister said some of the community had sympathies with Islamic State and ties to former Algerian militant groups or were non-Muslims .
But Fareed Ahmad , the group 's national secretary for external affairs based in London , told Reuters they were deeply concerned about a `` vilification campaign '' against Ahmadiyah in Algeria .
`` We are a peace-loving Muslim community and have consistently campaigned against extremism around the world . We urge the authorities to release the 26 Ahmadi Muslim who have been unjustly imprisoned in the past six months , '' he said .
`` They are loyal Algerian citizens who are committed to the peace and prosperity of Algeria . ''
The High Islamic Council , the highest religious authority in Algeria considers the Ahmadiyah a non-muslim group .
More than 90 percent of Algeria 's 40 million people are Sunni Muslims The question of Islamic activism outside mainstream , state-sanctioned Sunni Islam is sensitive following a 1990s civil war with armed , ultra-conservative Islamists that killed more than 200,000 people .
( Editing by Patrick Markey and Ralph Boulton )
Judge overturns conviction of man accused of killing son
MISSOULA , Mont . ( AP ) — A Montana judge has overturned the conviction of a man sentenced to 40 years in prison for his 3-month-old son 's 2008 death .
Prosecutors said the boy , Gabriel , must have died due to Shaken Baby Syndrome . The Montana Innocence Project took up Robert `` Dave '' Wilkes ' case in 2012 and found no signs of abuse and medical experts who determined other possible causes of death .
The Innocence Project also found that Wilkes ' trial attorney never mentioned that the medical examiner had listed Gabriel 's cause of death as undetermined .
District Judge James Haynes said in his order Thursday that Wilkes ' trial attorney had been ineffective .
Prosecutors can now appeal the order , re-try Wilkes or dismiss the case .
Wilkes said in a statement that he 's been waiting , hoping and praying for this moment for many years .
A THOUSAND OAKS , Calif. — The Los Angeles Rams have not lost consecutive games this season under Sean McVay , something the first-year coach attributes to the team 's mental toughness .
That resolve will be tested next week against the Seattle Seahawks after Sunday 's 43-35 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles , a seven-day span that could decide whether the Rams host a playoff game for the first time since the 2003 season in St. Louis .
`` The thing that you have liked about this team so much is they have always responded the right way after we have n't gotten the outcomes that we like , '' McVay said Monday . `` I think we are a mentally tough team . We are a connected team that stays together . We 'll respond and bounce back the right way . ''
A win over the Eagles would have given the Rams ( 9-4 ) a two-game lead in the NFC West over the Seahawks , who lost 30-24 at the Jacksonville Jaguars . Seattle holds the head-to-head tiebreaker after its 16-10 win in Los Angeles on Oct. 8 .
The Rams also could have gained a tiebreaker over the Eagles in the push for a first-round bye . They hold the edge over the NFC South-leading New Orleans Saints thanks to a 26-20 win on Nov. 26 .
Instead , the division title could easily come down to the outcome in Seattle . A loss would leave the Rams needing the Seahawks to lose at least one of their final two games .
Facing the Seahawks might be the best way to get over a loss in a playoff-type atmosphere .
`` We 've got a great opportunity with the things that took place yesterday to still be in first place in our division and go to a great Seattle team and get a chance to try to go win our 10th game and try to stay on top in the division , '' McVay said . `` It 's going to be a great challenge . There 's still a lot to play for . In spite of the disappointing outcome , our guys certainly are n't discouraged . ''
The Rams will head to the Pacific Northwest will injury concerns on the offensive line and at defensive back . Left tackle Andrew Whitworth and right tackle Rob Havenstein are both dealing with MCL sprains that McVay described as `` mild . '' Whitworth returned to the game after getting hurt in the first half . Havenstein left early in the fourth quarter .
`` They 'll be day to day , '' McVay said . `` Fortunately for us , it did n't result in something that was going to be season-ending . ''
For our new series 'Iconic Buildings ' we speak to people who live or work in buildings of architectural significance . Is their exposure to an architectural wonder on a daily basis a source of inspiration or simply part of the backdrop ? This time we talk to Lotte Johnson , Assistant Curator at the Barbican Centre .
What is your role at the Barbican ?
I am a Assistant Curator for the Barbican Art Gallery . I work on researching and putting together exhibitions in our main gallery and the Curve . Recently I curated a new commission by Bedwyr Williams for the Curve and I am currently working on our upcoming Basquiat exhibition in the main gallery .
How long have you worked at the Barbican ?
I 've been here for just over two years .
Did the building influence your decision when accepting the job ? Do you enjoy working in an iconic London building ?
Absolutely . First and foremost I was drawn to the job because of the art gallery 's exciting exhibition programme , and the Barbican 's strength as a multi-arts venue , but the building itself certainly played a part in my decision . In many ways the architecture of the centre is inextricable from what goes on inside it . I grew up in London and have memories of visiting the Barbican as a child , coming to concerts with my family . I remember it as an overpowering brutalist fortress that was somehow at the same time warm and welcoming , full of interesting sights and sounds - I still feel the same way !
What do you like most about the Barbican ? Do you like the architectural design of the building ?
I love the design of the building . The architecture communicates the utopian spirit that the centre was conceived with , and this spirit extends into our programming . I 'm in awe of all the beautiful hammered concrete surfaces , which were chiselled by hand and perhaps influenced by Le Corbusier 's use of rough concrete . One of my favourite architectural features of the Barbican is in the theatre . Just before the lights go down and the curtain comes up , all of the doors into the theatre stalls close simultaneously - it 's a wonderful choreographed moment .
Do you have a favourite lunch spot ?
My favourite lunch spot is in the middle of Beech Gardens on the highwalks . It was fairly recently replanted by Nigel Dunnett ( who designed the planting for the Olympic Park ) and seems to change according to the seasons . There 's a lovely hidden bench in the middle of the raised beds , beside a small pool of water . It 's a strange wild floral sanctuary within the Barbican .
What time of year do you most enjoy the Barbican ?
Spring . Sunlight infiltrates the centre , casting amazing shadows and throwing the textured concrete surfaces into relief .
How does the building affect your job ?
Walking through the centre every day , there 's always so much going on - it gives you energy . The building itself defines my job , as every day involves thinking about how to configure ideas and exhibitions for the spaces of the art gallery and the Curve .
Is there anything you do n't like about the building ?
The lifts ! They 're rather temperamental so I 've resorted to taking the stairs , which is no bad thing as you get an amazing triangular view up through the floors of Frobisher Crescent as you walk up to our office .
If you left your job what would you miss most bout the Barbican ?
I would miss the people and the building itself , as well as the fact that it 's one of the only places where you can visit an exhibition , watch a film , go to a concert and see a play all under one roof !
The Barbican is a Grade II listed building designed by architects Chamberlin , Powell and Bon , opened in 1982 . The largest multi-arts and conference venue in Europe the centre hosts art exhibitions , theatre performances , films screening , and classical and contempoarry music concerts as well as - housing a library , three restaurants and a conservatory .
Built some years after the Barbican estate , in an area heavily bombed during World War II it is now considered a London landmark and one of best examples of Brutalist architecture .
The site has since undergone significant refurbishment by architects Allford Hall Monaghan Morris including ; new signage , an internal bridge linking Silk Street foyer area and lakeside foyer area and the conservatory .
BERLIN A deal on reforms struck between Greece and its lenders is an `` important intermediate step '' , a spokesman for the German Finance Ministry said on Tuesday , adding that more clarity was , however , still needed on issues like Greece 's primary surplus .
`` The ongoing second review of the aid program for Greece has not yet been completed , '' the spokesman said .
`` The work continues . The aim is that the program review can be completed in the Eurogroup on May 22 , '' he added .
( Reporting by Rene Wagner ; Writing by Michelle Martin ; Editing by Madeline Chambers )
LOS ANGELES — Arizona Diamondbacks coach Ariel Prieto has apologized and said it was a mistake for him to wear an Apple Watch in the dugout during the NL wild-card game against Colorado .
Major League Baseball spokesperson Michael Teevan said the commissioner 's office is looking into the matter . Last month , the Boston Red Sox were fined by MLB for using an Apple Watch to relay signs to hitters .
Arizona opens the NL Division Series on Friday against the Los Angeles Dodgers .
Prieto said Thursday that he did n't use the watch for any illicit purpose and it was on `` airplane mode '' during the game on Wednesday night . That setting shuts off any of the watch 's communication abilities .
The former big league pitcher is an extra coach who also serves as interpreter for the Diamondbacks . He said he knows having the phone during the game violated MLB 's rules . He said he apologized to manager Torey Lovullo and volunteered to turn the phone over to MLB officials .
`` It was just an honest mistake , '' Lovullo said . `` We asked , found out , and talked to Ariel , and that 's what he told us . And in no way did it impact the game , and in no way is it going to impact the game tomorrow . It 's just not something we do or believe in . ''
The Diamondbacks beat Colorado 11-8 Wednesday night and Prieto was shown wearing the watch during the game 's telecast .
West Africa-focused Avocet Mining Plc ( AVM.L ) named Boudewijn Wentink as its new chief executive officer with immediate effect , as it seeks to refinance and restructure the company .
Its current CEO David Cather will remain on the board as technical director , Avocet said .
The miner also named Yolanda Bolleurs as chief financial officer with immediate effect to replace Jim Wynn , who will leave the company at the end of April to take up the same position at Rainbow Rare Earths Ltd ( RBWR.L ) .
`` Boudewijn 's primary strategic objective will be to achieve the refinancing and restructuring that is critical to the future of the company , '' Avocet said .
The company said production at Inata , one of Burkina Faso 's largest gold mines , continues to be effected by the suspension of operations in October and November 2016 .
Operations at the Inata Mine were halted in October after bailiffs seized 1,400 ounces of gold at Ouagadougou airport .
( Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sunil Nair )
April 13 Tornos Holding AG :
* Said on Wednesday demand for Tornos products rose significantly in the first quarter of 2017
* Received more orders for higher-priced machines than it did in the prior-year period , in particular from the automotive supply industry
* Notes a gratifying increase in demand in other market segments too
Source text - bit.ly/2pb2hdC
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Owner of The Grub Place , ReNaye Townsell , interacts with a customer at the Aurora Hope Complex . Townsell is known for her soul food and catfish burritos . Photo by McKenzie Lange Lyndell Williams , known around town as Dr. Lee , unlocks the doors of the Aurora Hope Complex . Williams has seen multiple changes in management in his nine months of working at the complex where he is now a partner to Pastor Richard Lewis . Photo by McKenzie Lange Pastor Richard Lewis , CFO of Saints Management , poses for a portrait inside the Aurora Hope Complex . Photo by McKenzie Lange
AURORA | For the third time in about 18 months , the sprawling old Broyhill Furniture Building has a new tenant aiming to make the hulking structure a hub of dining , retail and culture .
This time , under the moniker Aurora Hope Complex , officials are hoping the site can be home to restaurants , retailers and event space .
Under the legal name Saints Management LLC , Pastor Richard Lewis took over as the de facto head of the 56,000-square-foot space this spring after the building 's previous occupant , The Soul Center , flopped and accusations swirled around its founder , Tony “ Leon ” Burroughs .
The Soul Center , an entertainment venture that operated out of the East Colfax space from last fall through this spring , closed up shop after Burroughs was arrested and nearly extradited to Michigan in March for unpaid child support .
Vikki Migoya , a spokeswoman for the Arapahoe County district attorney 's office , said Burroughs fought his extradition in an Arapahoe County courtroom . Eventually , court records said Burroughs settled the Michigan matter and the extradition order was dismissed .
But Soul Center 's woes extended beyond Burroughs ' out-of-state legal flap .
Burroughs consistently failed to pay rent to the building 's owner , the Denver-based property management firm Northstar Commercial Partners , according to Brian Watson , Northstar 's chairman and CEO .
“ Unfortunately , Mr. Burroughs finally needed to be evicted after regular/continued nonpayment , ” Watson said in an emailed statement .
Northstar invested about $ 1.65 million in the development of the space between early 2014 — when the firm purchased the property — and late 2015 , according to city documents .
In November 2015 , city officials signed off on an agreement that afforded the Afrikmall project about $ 165,000 in tax incentives . The plan was for Afrikmall to be a hub for the region 's African community , offering dining , shopping and cultural events organized by and for African immigrants .
But the project was marked with lengthy delays , construction woes and other problems from the outset . Last year , the Afrikmall idea was scrapped and the organizers abandoned the project .
Burroughs stepped in with the Soul Center idea and city officials said they hoped that project , too , could breathe some life into the massive old department store at Colfax and Galena Street .
Now Lewis is taking the reins .
He comes to the project with some familiarity with the space having already been a tenant and renting the ballroom for church services .
When Soul Center started to flounder , he said he and a small group of people formed Saints Management with an eye toward helping Burroughs manage the struggling site .
When Burroughs was evicted , he said he opted to step in and manage the project with a new focus .
While Afrikmall was focused on African immigrants and Soul Center was marketed largely to the local black population , Lewis said he is aiming for something more diverse . He wants people from all cultures to feel like they are welcome at Hope , he said . Already he said he is in talks with a Latino market to open up shop there .
Still , Lewis said , the biggest hurdle he faces going forward is ridding the site of the stigma left there by the previous tenants who boasted of big plans but failed to deliver .
“ There is a stigma , and we have to overcome that , ” he said .
City Councilwoman Sally Mounier , whose northwestern Ward I encompasses the former Broyhill pad , is lobbying to convert the space into a hub for a homeless service provider that has been vying to set up shop in the city .
At a recent city council committee meeting , Mounier voted against a proposal that would preclude a work facilitation program for homeless people from opening in the Afrikmall space . She said she would like to see the program open in Ward I , specifically in the former Broyhill building , as she believes residents in the surrounding neighborhood would not object to the program .
The Ready to Work program , operated by the Boulder-based nonprofit organization Bridge House , has been trying to move forward with plans to open an outpost in a former bingo hall on far East Colfax Avenue for months . Residents near the proposed location have consistently railed against the project , saying it would place potentially undesirable residents near school children at the nearby Laredo Elementary School .
Watson said he 's open to operating a homeless services program in the Afrikmall space .
“ We are always open to creative ideas like the homeless service provider idea – love it , ” he wrote in a statement . “ We want to use this property as a way to help strengthen the community in an area that could use new opportunity and empowerment . We 'll continue to dialogue with our friends who are local leaders , neighbors , and influencers in Aurora on good continued steps and solutions to do just that . ”
Lewis said Mounier 's idea to house a homeless facility at the site had some people wondering whether the Aurora Hope Complex was still going to happen . He said he assured them the project is still going forward and he is working to attract some retailers and other businesses to the handful of storefronts that line the first floor .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
Do n't let the shorter days and gloomy weather get you down – there are lots of great reasons to love Autumn . Here are our favourites .
Summer and winter are all well and good , but it 's Spring and Autumn that have always got the poets and philosophers in a spin . And particularly Autumn , which Albert Camus called ‘ a second spring when every leaf is a flower . '
He was n't the only one to wax lyrical about the season of mists and mellow fruitfulness ( Keats ) or revel in ‘ the year 's last , the loveliest smile ' ( New York Post editor William Cullen Bryant ) .
Even the return of a chill in the air has inspired our greats to mention that ‘ bracing tang in the air that sends the blood beetling briskly through the veins ' ( P. G. Wodehouse ) .
And some have gone even further : ‘ No spring nor summer beauty hath such grace/As I have seen in one autumnal face ' wrote John Donne , while Samuel Butler delighted in the fact that ‘ what we lose in flowers , we more than gain in fruits '
Are they putting a brave face on things ? Not a bit of it . Take a look at our Autumnal list of reasons to be cheerful and you 'll feel every bit as inspired by the new season as the great men of letters above .
Top 10 things we all love about Autumn
Honking geese in ‘ Red Arrows ' formation
Making crumbles
Fires
Leaves . So many leaves .
Hearty soups and casseroles
Murmurations of starlings
Conkers
Having the beach to yourself
Cobwebs covered in dew . At sunrise .
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN , June 14 Germany 's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution , a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step .
* Small market move since FX float , but more volatility can come
* Dozens of billions euros still in long crown positions
* Some funds may hold on ; but selling may trigger sharp CZK losses
* Longer-term firming still main scenario
* Crown interventions graphic tmsnrt.rs/2jipWYu
* TAKE A LOOK - crown float coverage
By Jan Lopatka and Claire Milhench
PRAGUE/LONDON , April 12 The Czech crown 's release from an intervention regime last Thursday did not produce the fireworks seen at the end of the Swiss franc peg , but a pile of long crown positions held by investors means a show may yet take place .
The crown traded at 26.63 on Wednesday -- 1.4 percent stronger that the 27 level the central bank held for over three years . It was a far cry from the jump some investors had hoped for when they prepared for the cap to be dropped .
So the majority of positions waiting for greater strength -- between 20 and 60 billion euros worth , analysts reckon -- are still in place .
The market view is that the crown 's fundamental value is a few percent stronger that the current level , but the amount of crowns still around , after the bank bought more than 70 billion euros in interventions , stands in the way .
`` The potential for any bigger firming is mitigated by these positions . If people close them , it can run higher , '' ING chief economist Jakub Seidler said . `` I do n't think any significant part has flown out so far . ''
Forward rates indicate only modest crown gains ahead . The three-month outright forward , pricing where the market believes the currency will move , traded at 26.54 on Tuesday . A one-year forward was at 26.48 .
Trading volumes on the interbank market have not been huge , measured by the number of trades on the main euro/crown trading platform , Reuters Matching .
The system recorded 2,437 euro/crown spot trades on Thursday , the second highest daily activity since late 2013 . But the number fell back to 476 on Tuesday , not far above 2017 's daily average .
`` I would not want to be in ( the long-crown ) people 's skin right now . One loses nerve , then a second and a third and there could be quite a mess , '' one trader in Prague said .
Position closing could move the crown to the weak side of 27 and more if stop-losses are triggered by selling .
WAITING GAME
The central bank has made clear it would not , initially , stand in a way of large swings . In a radio interview , Governor Jiri Rusnok said he would not be bothered by the crown at 24 or 30 per euro .
Weakening could hasten interest rate hikes from the current 0.05 percent , providing a bigger rate differential over the euro zone , which would in turn attract crown buyers . But a firmer currency could push hikes further into 2018 .
Claudia Calich , a fund manager at M & G , said she would hold on to her long crown position in part due to uncertainty over the French presidential election on April 23 and May 7 , though she was aware of the risk from market positions .
`` It 's an open economy , but in terms of contagion if you have any large negative shocks for the euro zone , the currency should still outperform the euro , '' she said .
`` The biggest risk to the trade is the very large positioning in the market and what other investors will do now the floor has been removed – for example , if everyone rushes to the door at the same time . ''
Bryan Carter , head of emerging market fixed income for BNP Paribas Investment Partners , acknowledged the positioning risk , which is why he is limiting his exposure to about 2 percent of his fund .
He takes a longer view , positioning in bonds , which offer higher yields than German bonds . `` If you take that 10-year view , we 're at a very favourable valuation ... So we have an enormous base for the crown to deliver returns , '' he said .
Part of the positioning is held by companies in the heavily export-focused economy hedging euro revenue . This will not add to crown selling , but their demand will also be slow to return .
The overall economic picture -- unemployment the lowest in the European Union at 3.5 percent under Eurostat methodology and the purchasing manager sentiment near a six-year high -- speak for a firmer currency .
JP Morgan said in a note the crown should firm overall despite the positioning . It expected the crown in a range of 26.00-26.25 by the end of the year . ING sees it at 25.50 .
Central bank chief Rusnok said on Tuesday the bank was surprised by the market calm and this did not have to last .
`` The amount of crowns bought by market players ... is huge , and it is clear that searching for a longer-term balance will take some time , there can be much bigger swings . ''
( Additional reporting by Sujata Rao in London ; Writing by Jan Lopatka Editing by Jeremy Gaunt )
While Michael Buck , interim associate dean of the School of Health Sciences and Human Performance and a member of the Ithaca College Board of Trustees , has been brewing beer for 14 years , he said he still has a lot to learn about the process . Buck , who brewed his first batch of hops in 1993 , is currently involved in a homebrewing club in Ithaca , where he learns techniques and shares recipes , whether it be bottling , kegging or dispensing , with other local brewers .
Staff Writer Colin Barrett spoke with Buck about homebrewing culture and the experimentation of the brewing process .
This interview has been edited for length and clarity .
Colin Barrett : What kind of beer do you make , and what hops do you use ? How much do you typically make at a time ?
Michael Buck : Typically , at a time , I make a 5-gallon batch . The styles of beer — I can make and do make multiple different styles . Any of the styles I can probably brew . And that is probably more what I have fun with . Some brewers try to perfect a recipe , do it over and over and over . I try to do various different styles . What you 're asking me , there is n't really an answer . Like , I only do stouts , or I only do [ India pale ale ] . I enjoy the variety of changing things up . … I do n't know the exact number , but there are hundreds of types of hops . The hops will be determined by the style you are brewing or the desired flavors you are looking for . Home brewers have access to quality ingredients , so it 's not only what is available .
CB : Why do you choose to brew your own beer ?
MB : There 's a challenge in it . Can you brew a good beer that people will like ? Can you improve it ? Can you clone it ? … I try to make it more of an academic activity — the cloning , the learning , the reading . Things like that . I 'm at the point where I can make a good craft beer for cheaper than you can buy it . Most brewers do n't go into it to save money , and I certainly have not saved money from doing this .
CB : What 's the process like when you start brewing ?
MB : I have a three-vessel system . If I 'm going to brew , it 's typically on a Saturday . It starts the week before , formulating the recipe , purchasing your ingredients . I collect the water . You use reverse-osmosis water . It takes me about 20 gallons to make a 5-gallon batch . That morning , it starts with cleaning and sanitizing the entire system .
CB : Is there any type of homebrew that you prefer from the others ?
MB : Not really . I mean , again , I look for an inspiration — say you tried something from a craft brewery across the country , and you want to make something like that . A lot of people ask me why I do n't open up a craft brewery , but I do n't like the sameness of it all . You brew the same beers every day . The opportunity to experiment and play around is what I prefer .
CB : Any plans for expanding your brewing system in the future ?
MB : Not really . I continue to have conversations about starting a brewery , but when your hobby becomes your job , it does n't become fun anymore . I made a significant jump going from a one-vessel system on a stove to a fully-automated , computerized three-vessel . Now , my system is basically the same system you would see at the Ithaca Brewery . I made that jump to simulate a commercial brewery . I like to play around with the latest gadgets like that .
April 20 Skanska AB
* Skanska sells the office building Piren2 in Gothenburg , Sweden , for about SEK 410 mln to Platzer Fastigheter AB Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike , oil prices dip , NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday , mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months . A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S & P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data . Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent , hit by an unexpec
Sangamon County Coroner Cinda Edwards says she 's OK after an accident Tuesday morning that left her vehicle on its side . Edwards says in a Facebook post that she suffered a few abrasions from her seatbelt and airbag in the wreck near 6th and Laurel .
Three people in the other car also sustained minor injuries .
In her post , Edwards thanked the people who helped her out of her overturned vehicle .
The post is asking for any witnesses to the accident to come forward… as Edwards says both drivers claim they had the green light .
March 28 Standard Chartered PLC
* Principal Finance Real Estate has led a real estate investment , together with GS Retail to acquire a 5,853 sqm site located in Insadong , Seoul
* $ 43.5 mln site is being acquired from Samsung Fire & Marine , who will continue to participate in the project as a finance provider
* site is slated for development into a mixed-use , integrated retail and hotel complex
* construction of the project is scheduled to commence in May 2017
* GS Retail is serving as the project 's development manager and will continue to manage the retail component of the project upon completion Further company coverage :
Students and teachers alike were happy with the higher-level Leaving Certificate history paper , which examined popular areas of the course and offered good choice .
Thomas Ahern , TUI representative and a history teacher at Scoil Chonglais in Baltinglass , Co Wicklow , said both the higher- and ordinary-level papers were very fair .
“ The questions asked were very mainstream and the format of the paper was recognisable and student-friendly . A question on Martin Luther King and the Montgomery bus boycott would have been very popular with students and it came up on both the ordinary- and higher-level papers . ”
Mr Ahern praised a question which required students to critically evaluate evidence and to give their own opinion , as opposed to learn off facts and dates .
“ This is a good preparation for the kind of critical thinking they will need for college . Students were asked : ‘ From Roosevelt to Reagan , would you agree that American presidents always acted for the good of America ? '
“ This was an interestingly-worded question with a lot of scope which did n't force them to answer in a particular way , ” said Mr Ahern .
Fair
Seán Delap , a history teacher at the Institute of Education , said that the paper was , overall , good and fair .
“ Students who put in a decent amount of work should n't have had any difficulties with it . The document study , on the Jarrow march , was very straightforward . The contextualisation question , in part four , gave great scope to students and would n't have caused any problem .
“ In topic five , one question on the Apprentice Boys of Derry was a bit tricky and , overall , the choice here may have been as good as in topic three . Some students will have been happy to see RTÉ appear in topic six , as they were hoping it would come up . ”
Philip Irwin , ASTI subject representative and a history teacher at the High School in Rathgar , Dublin , said the paper was fair but testing . He particularly liked the documents question .
“ Students would have been happy with the case studies which looked at sovereignty and partition , the Eucharistic Congress and the impact of the second World War on Belfast . The case study on Sunningdale did n't show up and some students may have been disappointed by this . ”
The ordinary-level paper did not ask anything unfair , he said .
The trickiest document question , on Stalin 's show trials , did not appear , and this will have been a relief to students , he added .
Try this at home : Leaving Cert history
During the period 1949-1989 , what was the importance of one or more of the following : changing attitudes towards Irish language and culture ; the impact of RTÉ , 1962-1972 ; Archbishop John Charles McQuaid ?
April 19 General Motors Venezolana -
* Announces immediate cessation of operations in venezuela
* Says will pay separation benefits to the workers according to venezuelan law
* Says will continue to provide aftermarket service and parts for its customers in the venezuelan market Further company coverage :
LONDON , April 5 ( IFR ) - The European Central Bank 's approval of Italy 's bailout of Veneto Banco and Banca Popolare di Vicenza has highlighted the feeble application of post-crisis rules for distressed lenders and triggered a rally in the duo 's senior bonds .
Both banks confirmed on Tuesday the ECB had indicated they qualified for a precautionary recapitalisation by the state , prompting strong gains in their senior-ranked bonds .
These securities tumbled in March on fears the authorities could pull the plug on the two banks , weighed down by toxic assets , which have a combined capital shortfall of €6.4bn .
The Vicenza €750m 2.75 % March 2020s , for example , had climbed to 86.60 by mid-morning on Wednesday , up more than 14 points since Monday , according to Tradeweb . The Veneto €500m 4 % May 2019s also recovered , rallying from around 76.60 on Monday to 88.60 by Wednesday .
The two lenders appear extremely likely to avoid resolution and losses for senior bondholders , according to BNP Paribas analysts . They expect the senior unsecured debt to move towards par .
If Veneto and Vicenza senior bondholders are let off the hook , there are broader ramifications beyond two Italian lenders , and it would be seen as a boon for the preferred senior unsecured asset class .
`` It shows that , even in banks with a very large capital shortfall , preferred senior debtholders can be bailed out as long as the government of the country where the bank is based is willing to provide the public capital , '' the BNP Paribas analysts wrote .
BARGAIN HUNTING ?
Bank of America Merrill Lynch analysts went one step further , questioning whether appetite for bail-in - the linchpin of post-crisis regulation designed to protect taxpayers - is waning .
In order to receive the state bailout , the two banks needed to be deemed solvent - a condition that many in the market have questioned .
`` If these banks qualify for an opt-out to senior bail-in , it 's hard to imagine circumstances when any other troubled bank would need to be bailed in , '' the BAML analysts wrote .
This is positive not just for preferred senior bondholders , but potentially investors in billions of so-called TLAC bonds that the world 's largest banks have raised in recent years to create loss-absorbing buffers demanded by regulators .
Banks have been forced to pay a premium above traditional senior debt to compensate investors for the greater risk of potential losses , but doubts over whether bail-in will be enforced could mean these bonds could be viewed as a bargain .
`` ... depending on the full details , we would see the move to spare senior bonds in these instances from bail-in as extremely bullish for senior bondholders generally and any TLAC related senior bonds in particular , '' the BAML analysts added .
Veneto and Vicenza 's Tier 2 debt has also rallied this week , though remains at extremely distressed levels and implies severe losses for those bondholders .
Veneto 's €200m 9.50 % Tier 2 callable in 2020 jumped from 11 to 15.50 on Wednesday , up from a low of 12 last week . The Vicenza €200m 9.50 % Tier 2 callable in September 2020 is bid around 15.50 , up from 9 . ( Reporting by Alice Gledhill , editing by Alex Chambers , Philip Wright )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections , issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law .
The new policy is a long-expected revision to federal rules that require most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women , at no additional cost . Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama 's Affordable Care Act .
Trump 's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both his opponents and religious conservatives that back him , but it 's likely to have a limited impact on America 's largely secular workplaces . Most women no longer pay for birth control , and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court .
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump 's new policy , the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans . Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies , since female workers are central to most enterprises .
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out , and that 120,000 women would be affected . However , it 's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond .
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit , the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent , from 21 percent , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation .
The Trump administration 's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship , religiously affiliated nonprofit groups , and closely-held private companies . Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom . Privately owned for-profit companies , as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption .
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion . With limited exceptions , abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees . No public subsidies can be used , except in cases that involve rape , incest , or preserving the life of the mother .
Doctors ' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration 's move on birth control .
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation 's rate of unintended pregnancies .
“ Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘ to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans , ' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women 's health , ” said the organization 's president , Dr. Haywood Brown .
Women 's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes .
“ The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women , ” said Fatima Goss Graves , president of the National Women 's Law Center . “ We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules . ”
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away .
Dive Brief :
Recruiting highly effective teachers into low-performing schools is one strategy for raising student achievement . But how are the “ sending ” schools affected when they lose some of their best teachers ?
The effects on student achievement are negative , but small , according to researchers from Vanderbilt University and the University of Kentucky . Their new study focuses on the impact of this policy in Tennessee 's Innovation Zones ( iZones ) , a statewide effort to turnaround struggling schools .
Focusing on iZones in Memphis , Nashville and Chattanooga , the researchers looked at student performance in the grade levels in which the teachers left . They saw small decreases in standardized test scores in reading , science and math , although the drop in math achievement was not statistically significant . Because the effect on the receiving schools has been positive , as explained in past reports , the researchers concluded that the strategy overall is successful , especially if the sending schools can quickly recover from the small dip in achievement .
Dive Insight :
School leaders do n't want to lose their most effective teachers , but schools are also part of systems that are working to address persistent achievement gaps . Gary Henry , the director of graduate studies at Vanderbilt University and one of the authors of the study , said that “ all school leaders should recognize that additional resources for teachers ' compensation may be needed in the lowest-performing schools. ” He added that increasing incentives for teachers to move to such schools is “ leveling the playing field so that all students get to learn from the most effective teachers . ”
In the study , the researchers identified three reasons why the turnover in teachers is likely to lead to lower student performance . First , it 's possible that the teachers who leave are being replaced with less-effective or less-experienced ones . Second , teacher turnover , especially in the middle of a school year , can lead to disruption in classroom routines that were helping students to learn . And finally , turnover can lead to the loss of a teacher leader and interrupt relationships between teachers and other staff members that allowed for collaboration and planning that benefited students .
Henry added that district and school administrators can minimize some of these effects by being more intentional about the teachers they recruit and taking time to develop them . Providing extra support to new teachers through mentorship and opportunities to collaborate with more experienced teachers can make the transition smoother .
CAIRO , March 29 Egypt 's Finance Minister Amr El-Garhy said on Wednesday the country 's financing plan for the coming year will include a return to international markets by the end of 2017 or early 2018 .
Egypt 's cabinet approved on Wednesday the 2017/18 government budget with a targeted deficit of 9.1 percent . ( Writing by Asma Alsharif ; Editing by Dominic Evans )
FILE PHOTO : Ammar al-Hakim , leader of the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq ( ISCI ) , speaks during a mass on Christmas at Mar George Chaldean Church in Baghdad , December 25 , 2016 . REUTERS/Ahmed Saad
CAIRO , Egypt/ERBIL , Iraq Iraq 's Shi'ite ruling coalition would oppose Kurdish plans to hold a referendum on independence after the defeat of Islamic State , its president , Ammar al-Hakim , has said .
Speaking to Reuters in an interview in Cairo , Hakim advised the Kurds against any unilateral move to annex a disputed oil-rich region which they had gained during the war against the jihadists .
`` If this referendum happens , it will be unilateral , '' said Hakim , who is president of the National Alliance , a coalition of the main Shi'ite political groups including Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi 's Dawa party .
`` We will insist on dialogue '' as a mean to resolve the disagreement , the influential cleric said when asked what the Shi'ite parties would do if the Kurds insist on holding the referendum .
`` We believe that the politics of accomplished facts and drawing borders with blood has n't succeeded in any country of the world and wo n't have good results in Iraq either . ''
Iraq 's majority Shi'ite Arab community is located mainly in the south while the Kurds and the Sunni Arabs live in opposite corners of the north . The centre around Baghdad is mixed .
Iraq 's main Kurdish parties announced this month a plan to hold a referendum on independence this year .
The Kurds say the expected `` yes '' outcome will strengthen their hand in talks on self-determination with Baghdad and would not mean automatically declaring independence .
`` The purpose of the referendum is to seek out the opinion of the Kurds and then start a dialogue with Baghdad , '' Massoud Barzani , the president of Kurdistan Regional Government ( KRG ) , told reporters on Thursday in the Iraqi Kurdish capital Erbil .
The Kurdish forces control more territory now than the area on which the KRG was established after the U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein in 2003 .
Iraqi Kurdish independence has been historically opposed by Iraq and also its neighbours , Iran , Turkey and Syria , as they
fear the contagion for their own Kurdish populations .
Iraq 's Kurds have advanced the most towards their long-held dream of independence . Iraq has been led by the Shi'ites since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein , a Sunni .
The Kurds have their own armed force , the Peshmerga , which
in 2014 prevented Islamic State from capturing the oil region of
Kirkuk after the Iraqi army fled in the face of the militants . They are effectively running the region also claimed by Turkmen and Arabs .
Hardline Iranian-backed Iraqi Shi'ite militias have threatened to expel the Kurds by force from this region and other disputed areas .
Hakim however downplayed the risk of military confrontation between the Shi'ite and the Kurds .
`` Using weapons against Iraqis is not an option , '' he said .
Kirkuk 's Kurdish-led provincial council rejected this month a resolution by the Iraqi parliament in Baghdad to lower Kurdish flags raised since March next to Iraqi flags over public buildings of the region .
Masrour Barzani , head of the KRG 's Security Council and son of President Barzani , said in June that Iraq should be divided into three separate entities to prevent further sectarian bloodshed , with a state each given to the Shi'ites , the Sunnis and the Kurds .
Hakim said he suggested to Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi , whom he met on Tuesday , to host a meeting of rival Sunni and Shi'ite countries in the region to try to find common grounds in prelude to ending the sectarian strife raging since 2011 .
The meeting , gathering Iraq , Iran , Turkey , Saudi Arabia and Egypt would seek `` to define the spheres of influence '' for each , `` and also spheres of cooperation , '' for example against terrorism , he said .
( Writing by Maher Chmaytelli ; Editing by Angus MacSwan )
Two local high schools , Crestwood and Holy Cross , brought home gold medals won by their traditional and unified floor hockey teams Wednesday during the 2018 Special Olympics Ontario School Championships ( SOOSC )
The final score for Crestwood vs. Sir Guy Carleton was 5-4 , with Crestwood winning by one . Holy Cross also won by one with the final score 6-5 .
At Fleming Colleg , e both traditional and unified soccer teams played their championship games .
For each of the team sports there are two divisions , unified and traditional .
The teams in the unified division have a range of athletes , with and without intellectual disabilities . The teams in the traditional division include only athletes with intellectual disabilities .
On fields one to three the traditional teams played and the unified teams played on fields four to six .
Each field had its own pool of teams and from each pool a bronze , a silver and a gold medal were handed out .
`` The pace is different . Games like this , the kids are still learning and playing . They are having fun but also learning so there is a lot of teaching in comparison to a soccer game in leagues other than Special Olympics , '' explained Liam Williston , a referee of the traditional games played on field three .
The first match on field one , Drewry Secondary School vs. East Northumberland Secondary School , a high school from Brighton played a dominating game , winning 8-1 .
Drewry continued to dominate pool play later in the morning with a 7-0 win over Beamsville District Secondary School and a 4-0 win over E.S.C Nouvelle-Alliance .
Uber 's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
Water utility company United Utilities Group Plc ( UU.L ) said it expected full-year revenue to be slightly lower due to the accounting impact of its Water Plus joint venture .
The company , the largest of Britain 's three publicly-listed water suppliers by market value , said underlying operating profit was expected to be moderately higher in 2016-2017 .
United Utilities said its infrastructure renewals expenditure ( IRE ) increased slightly in the second half of the year .
However , the company maintained its full-year IRE estimate of about 800 million pounds , moderately lower than last year , mainly due to a slightly different mix of capital investment .
United Utilities also said it expects an impact from higher retail price index inflation and sees underlying net finance expense for 2016-2017 at around 240 million pounds .
The company , which supplies water across Cheshire , Lancashire and Cumbria , said it expects a small increase in group net debt at March 31 2017 , compared with its position at Sept. 30 .
Shares in United Utilities had risen after Britain 's historic vote to leave the European Union drove investors to defensive stocks such as utility companies , which are seen as `` bond-proxies '' due to their regular and high returns .
While , United Utilities would not see any direct impact from Brexit , the company faces a risk of interest rates going up on borrowing , and future potential regulatory changes could hurt its dividend policy .
( Story refiles to correct syntax in last paragraph . )
( Reporting by Arathy S Nair and Sanjeeban Sarkar in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sunil Nair )
BOSTON — Reigning New York City Marathon winner Shalane Flanagan will run in Boston next year in a fourth attempt to win her hometown race .
The four-time Olympian and reigning Chicago Marathon champion will be joined on the men 's side by Galen Rupp in a field of elite Americans announced Monday by race sponsor John Hancock . Olympians Desiree Linden , Dathan Ritzenhein , Abdi Abdirahman , Deena Kastor and Molly Huddle also are signed up for the 122nd edition of the world 's oldest annual marathon , which is being held April 16 .
Last month , Flanagan became the first American woman to win New York since 1977 . No U.S. woman has won Boston since 1985 . But last April , the Americans had their best finishes since then , grabbing two of the top four women 's spots and six of the top ten for men .
By The Associated Press
Former president Soeharto 's daughter Siti Hediati Hariyadi has expressed support to the holding of an extraordinary meeting to elect a new general chairperson of Golkar Party to replace Setya Novanto who is now detained as a corruption suspect .
“ As I have said the meeting is very important with regard to finding new Golkar leadership through election by Golkar voters , ” she said at the handing over of aid by the ministry of fisheries and maritime affairs to fishermen in Bantul district , Yogyakarta .
Titiek Soeharto as she is also called said the meeting must be held immediately and “ I heard it will be in the third week of this month ” . When asked about her rival industry minister Airlangga Hartarto she said anyone may run and so there is no problem about it .
“ Anyone may run . Golkar has many good cadres and it has been proven . Many party leaders now are Golkar leavers , is n't it , ” she said . She said Golkar has many good cadres and so she hoped only the best one would be elected so that the party would be great again .
Asked about the criteria for the new Golkar chief she said the one certainly must be clean and meet public expectation . “ A leader must have a vision on how to make Gokar great again and most importantly must shun corruption or corrupt labels , ” she said .
Titiek who is now a parliament member said if the meeting later should also decide the replacement of Novanto as house speaker . “ I do not know . Tomorrow there will be a house session . I do not know if the replacement of the house speaker would be part of the agenda or whether it would be decided later on , ” she added .
Republika
( Corrects paragraph 2 spelling of Colombia )
By Sudarshan Varadhan
NEW DELHI , April 5 Coal India Ltd is actively looking to acquire coking coal assets in Australia , a senior company official told Reuters , as the country looks to beef up its foreign coal assets .
The state-controlled company , which in January also listed the United States , Colombia , Canada and Indonesia as target destinations for investment , is currently zeroing in on Australia and South Africa , the Coal India official said .
The world 's top coal miner is looking at investing in coking coal assets in Australia `` a little more actively , '' the official said .
India 's coal minister Piyush Goyal said in February the company planned to acquire coking coal assets abroad as India lacked technology to economically develop local reserves , and that a rise in coking coal prices was encouraging for foreign acquisitions .
Coal India has also asked Mozambique if it can explore for coal in a new area , after surrendering two mining licenses in the African country , the official said .
The coal miner was one of 59 companies excluded by Norway 's sovereign wealth fund , the world 's largest , from its portfolio in March , as the company derived most of its income from thermal coal .
When asked about the impact on the company , the official said the company was not short of investments and that institutional and foreign investors were looking at investing in Coal India . ( Reporting by Sudarshan Varadhan ; editing by Susan Thomas )
Britain 's Prince William , Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry encourage runners after officially starting the 2017 London Marathon , in London April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Luke MacGregor
Britain 's Prince William , Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry encourage runners after officially starting the 2017 London Marathon , in London April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Luke MacGregor
Britain Athletics - London Marathon - London - 23/4/17 Kenya 's Abel Kirui and Daniel Wanjiru during the men 's elite race Action Images via Reuters / Andrew Boyers Livepic
Britain Athletics - London Marathon - London - 23/4/17 Kenya 's Mary Jepkosgei Keitany ( C ) during the Women 's Elite race Action Images via Reuters / Peter Cziborra Livepic
Britain Athletics - London Marathon - London - 23/4/17 General view of runners at Westminster during the marathon Action Images via Reuters / Andrew Boyers Livepic
Britain Athletics - London Marathon - London - 23/4/17 Kenya 's Daniel Wanjiru celebrates winning the men 's elite race with the trophy Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
Britain Athletics - London Marathon - London - 23/4/17 Kenya 's Mary Jepkosgei Keitany celebrates winning the Women 's Elite race and setting a new world record Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
Britain Athletics - London Marathon - London - 23/4/17 Prince Harry poses with the winner of the men 's elite race Kenya 's Daniel Wanjiru and the winner of the women 's elite race Kenya 's Mary Jepkosgei Keitany Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
LONDON Kenya 's Daniel Wanjiru held off a late charge from Ethiopian Kenenisa Bekele to win the London Marathon on Sunday in two hours five minutes 48 seconds .
His triumph completed the double for Kenya after Mary Keitany sealed her third London title in a woman only world record of 2:17.01 , beating Britain 's Paula Radcliffe 's previous best by 41 seconds .
Radcliffe still holds the overall record of 2:15.25 , which she set in a mixed gender race at the London Marathon in 2003 when she used male runners to help set the pace .
The IAAF recognises two marathon world records for women , one for `` mixed gender '' and the other for `` women only '' .
Bekele , 34 , a three-time Olympic champion on the track , had been hoping to break Dennis Kimetto 's men 's world record of 2:02.57 and asked pacemakers to deliver him to the halfway mark in 61.30 .
They arrived 10 seconds slower - still on world-record pace - but Bekele then fell away as his leg muscles tightened up under the strain , leaving Wanjiru , fellow Kenyans Bedan Karoki and Abel Kirui and Ethiopia 's Feyisa Lilesa to form a four-man lead group .
However , Bekele staged a recovery and was only a handful of seconds adrift of the head of the race when Wanjiru split the lead quartet with an acceleration in the 21st mile .
Bekele overtook Lilesa , Kirui and Karoki but could not catch Wanjiru , who won by nine seconds in his first appearance at the London Marathon .
Karoki finished one minute 53 seconds down in third on his marathon debut .
“ Being second is frustrating . I felt my hamstring and my right calf . I had to change my running style , ” Bekele told reporters .
The women 's race was far less competitive , after Keitany made an electric start and distanced all of her rivals by mile three .
She reached 10 miles one minute ahead of Radcliffe 's overall world record , and although that pace proved unsustainable , she managed to stay comfortably ahead of the women 's only record .
Ethiopia 's Tirunesh Dibaba finished 56 seconds down in second place , while compatriot Aselefech Mergia was 6.07 minutes down in third .
Keitany said she did not think the overall record can be beaten in a women-only race such as London .
“ I think 2:15 it might be impossible with a women 's only . For the women only , 2:17 is possible , but not 2:15 , ” she said .
“ I tried to push all the time . I 'm very happy with the finish time . ”
Last year 's winner , Jemima Sumgong of Kenya , did not defend her title after failing a drugs test earlier in the season .
( Reporting by Matt Westby , editing by Pritha Sarkar )
* Manchester United draw 1-1 with Swansea City
* Rooney penalty put United ahead
* Superb Sigurdsson freekick brought Swans level in 79th minute
* United injury woes continue with Bailly and Shaw withdrawn
* United are away to Arsenal on May 7 , Swansea host Everton on May 6
April 30 MANCHESTER UNITED 1 SWANSEA CITY 1
Manchester United 's hopes of a top four finish suffered a blow on Sunday as relegation-threatened Swansea City came back for a 1-1 draw at Old Trafford .
Wayne Rooney put United ahead from the penalty spot on the stroke of halftime after Marcus Rashford was ruled to have been brought down by Swansea keeper Lukasz Fabianski .
But Swansea earned a potentially important point when Gylfi Sigurdsson curled in a magnificent freekick in the 79th minute .
United 's injury woes continued to mount however with defenders Luke Shaw and Eric Bailly both taken off during the game . ( Reporting by Simon Evans , editing by Pritha Sarkar )
Winning numbers drawn in 'Take 5 ' game
ALBANY , N.Y. ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the New York Lottery 's `` Take 5 '' game were :
02-04-18-25-38
( two , four , eighteen , twenty-five , thirty-eight )
So whoever 's wearing the set in the meeting room — in this case Masoli — can go over , from a truly first-person vantage point , not only every play he conducted , but also the ones run by the other quarterbacks . For those few moments , he is them .
One hour of VAR time equates to between 90 and 100 reps : triple that when the other two VAR sets arrive . And it 's highly portable , so it can be used during practice breaks .
`` For the quarterback , it 's like he 's back in his helmet , '' Smith says . `` We get the film and you use it for traditional teaching . We get the virtual reality film and you 're training . The reps that the guys standing there are n't getting , they can get them with it . And the quarterback can hear everything , too ; that 's been a little underrated .
`` Wearing the headset , the quarterback can match his feet to move with the play . If he looks left and does n't like what he sees , he has to look right and see what 's there … and it 's exactly the same timing as in the real helmet . You 're training your neck muscles , you 're training your feet , you 're training how it should feel , and you 're opening neural paths .
`` The other film teaches you , and this one trains you . ''
The light headwear provides an amazingly clear , and sensory-engulfing , 3D point of view , and Masoli says the quarterbacks have already `` brainstormed ideas '' of where they can take it next if there 's enough time during the season .
One next step is already in place and will come via video game technology : the tendencies and key players of the Ticats ' upcoming opponent will be written into a video simulation to mentally practise against . Coaches already do that with chalkboard play diagrams and opposition 'scout ' drills on the field , and now the quarterbacks will be able to get even more familiar with pattern and tendency recognition through their virtual head sets .
Case Keenum credited a virtual reality program called STRIVR with his shocking success after unexpectedly assuming the starting role for the NFL 's Minnesota Vikings early last year . Over the course of the season , he felt he got more than 2,600 extra reps through the device . Smith argues that his system is more affordable and has better video quality .
`` It 's been great , '' says Manziel , who needs extra work to get up to CFL speed . `` It 's not exactly a live rep but at the same time , to see what the quarterback saw during those live reps , and taking those reps from a mental standpoint is extremely beneficial . ''
And , concludes Masoli , `` It 's another reinforcement of what we should be doing in making decisions . ''
smilton @ thespec.com
905-526-3268 | @ miltonatthespec
smilton @ thespec.com
905-526-3268 | @ miltonatthespec
Protesters demonstrate in front of the parliament in Skopje , Macedonia , May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Protesters demonstrate in front of the EU Info Center building in Skopje , Macedonia , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Protesters demonstrate in front of the EU Info Center building in Skopje , Macedonia , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ognen Teofilovski
Macedonian President Gjorge Ivanov addresses the United Nations General Assembly in the Manhattan borough of New York , U.S. , September 22 , 2016 . REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
SKOPJE The United States urged Macedonian leaders on Monday to end a political stalemate and allow the parliamentary majority made up of Social Democrats and parties representing ethnic Albanians to form a new government .
Nearly five months after a Dec. 11 parliamentary election , Macedonian nationalists unhappy about the inclusion of ethnic Albanians are blocking the formation of a new government , further deepening the worst crisis in the tiny Balkan country since it narrowly averted an ethnic civil war in 2001 .
`` We feel that it is very important for the leaders to find a way to allow the majority in parliament ... to propose a government and a government programme , '' U.S. State Department Deputy Assistant Secretary for European and Eurasian Affairs , Hoyt Yee , said in Skopje after meeting leaders .
`` We understand there are concerns about the composition of the government programme and , like in all European democracies , we believe that whatever is proposed by the majority should be considered seriously in parliament , debated in parliament and voted in parliament . ''
More than 100 people were injured last Thursday night in clashes inside and outside parliament over the election of an ethnic Albanian as speaker of the assembly .
Yee condemned the violence and called on authorities to investigate the incident .
SEEKING REASSURANCES
President Gjorge Ivanov has refused to give a mandate to Social Democrat leader Zoran Zaev to form a government , saying his coalition with ethnic Albanian parties would threaten the sovereignty of the state .
After meeting Yee , Ivanov issued a statement calling on Zaev to provide reassurances that his coalition would work according to the constitution and uphold national unity .
After the December election in the former Yugoslav republic , Zaev put together a coalition agreement with two parties representing ethnic Albanians , who make up a third of Macedonia 's 2.1 million-strong population .
The deal envisages a law allowing wider use of the Albanian language , and this has triggered daily street protests by Macedonian nationalists .
Macedonia has been without a functioning government since 2015 , when it sank into political turmoil over a wiretapping scandal that brought down the ruling nationalist VMRO-DPMNE party bloc .
Efforts to move towards membership of the European Union and NATO have made little headway because of a dispute with Greece over Macedonia 's name , which it shares with a northern Greek province .
( Reporting by Kole Casule ; Writing by Ivana Sekularac ; Editing by Gareth Jones )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Spitfire Capital Llc Corp :
* SPITFIRE CAPITAL LLC SAYS ORIGINALLY ACQUIRED THE HORIZON GLOBAL CORP SHARES OVER WHICH THEY EXERCISE BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP FOR `` INVESTMENT PURPOSES '' Source text : ( bit.ly/2nC40bK ) Further company coverage :
Canada 's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO , June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures .
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital , as manager of fund , announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
He wasted no time showing he could make the adjustment .
In his second game at Tennessee , Daniel scored just four points against High Point but had a career-high 10 assists without committing a single turnover . Two weeks later , he had another 10-assist , zero-turnover game against Mercer . He 's the first Vol to have multiple games with 10-plus assists in the same season since LaMarcus Golden in 1993-94 .
`` I do n't think he put his self-worth in wanting to be the nation 's leading scorer , '' Tennessee coach Rick Barnes said . `` I do n't think that . I do think one reason he wanted to come is to help be part of a winning program . I think he could help us do that - and he has . ''
Although he 's coming off the bench , Daniel has a team-high 3.5 assists per game . Daniel also can still score when called upon .
After going seven straight games without exceeding seven points , Daniel scored 16 points last weekend in a 68-45 blowout at Iowa State . He followed that up by scoring 17 Wednesday in an 84-61 victory over LSU .
He 's a big reason why Tennessee has outscored opponents 134-48 in bench points during its four-game winning streak . In three of the Vols ' last four games , Tennessee 's reserves have outscored their starters .
`` To have somebody like that who went out two years ago and had 27 points per game , who knows what he 's doing and to come in here and now be able to get 10 assists ( in a ) game and pick up fullcourt - and you know in the back of your head he can still go for 20 - that 's lethal , '' junior forward Kyle Alexander said . `` That 's something we need . ''
Daniel also provides experience as the lone senior on Tennessee 's roster . He 's been around the game long enough to understand his new responsibilities and realize that making an NCAA Tournament run is much more important than scoring at a higher rate .
`` You ask anybody who plays basketball , ( and ) of course scoring is a fun part of the game , but we 're winning , '' Daniel said . `` That 's all I really want to do . ''
___
Follow Steve Megargee at https : //twitter.com/stevemegargee
___
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Steve Megargee , The Associated Press
São Paulo , April 28 CHS Inc , the biggest U.S. agricultural cooperative , is among the largest creditors of Brazilian commodities trader Seara Ind e Com de Produtos Agropecuários Ltda , which filed for bankruptcy protection last week , two sources with knowledge of the situation told Reuters on Friday .
CHS confirmed it was a creditor of Seara Ind e Com but declined to give specifics .
The two sources , who asked for anonymity since the exact numbers are not public , estimated CHS credits with Seara - not to be mistaken with Brazilian meatpacker JBS 's processed foods unit Seara SA - to be around $ 200 million .
Seara Ind e Com filed for bankruptcy protection last week asking to restructure 2.1 billion reais ( $ 662 million ) in debt .
Seara manages farms , provides rail and road transportation for grains and trades soybeans and corn produced by farmers or delivered by cooperatives in four Brazilian states .
The company is headquartered in Sertanópolis , a small town close to Londrina , the second-largest city in Brazil 's agricultural powerhouse state of Parana .
CHS , which has headquarters in St. Paul , Minnesota , said in a statement to Reuters that it `` maintained a grain origination relationship with Seara for several years '' but was surprised by the company 's decision to seek court protection against creditors .
`` CHS Brazil and CHS Inc. leadership are actively managing the situation to understand and respond to any potential impact to our business and our employees , '' it said .
CHS said it expects `` shipments of products to arrive as scheduled and that would remain in contact with customers regarding product orders and shipments , '' it said .
International commodities traders in Brazil usually maintain business relationships with regional commodities companies aiming to source grains volumes destined for export markets .
In a statement last week , when it filed for bankruptcy protection in the regional court in Londrina , Seara said Brazil 's economic crisis , particularly tight credit markets , had sharply undermined its ability to maintain operations . ( $ 1 = 3.1718 reais ) ( Reporting by Marcelo Teixeira ; Editing by Bill Trott )
So , when it comes to drugs like antidepressants that can be prescribed for different medical conditions , not knowing why a patient is taking a drug creates major challenges for assessing the drug 's effectiveness and appropriateness of use ( i.e. , whether the use is backed by regulatory approval or scientific evidence ) .
Canada 's Adverse Drug Reaction Reporting System has many flaws , including the fact that it relies upon voluntary reporting by physicians via a process that 's time-consuming and outside routine procedures .
In fact , it 's estimated that less than five per cent of all adverse drug reactions are reported to Health Canada .
Once drugs are released onto the market , their real-world effectiveness is n't systematically monitored .
It 's troubling to know that we have no large-scale mechanisms to track whether patients are experiencing the anticipated benefits from their medications .
We need a national post-market drug surveillance system that mandates the systematic collection of data on the reasons for drug use , adverse drug reactions and effectiveness . The system must also govern the use of health information technologies to collect these data .
Health information technologies offer the opportunity to seamlessly collect such data as part of the care process and even enhance patient care . Electronic prescribing systems could prompt physicians to record the reason for treatment when drugs are prescribed and alert physicians to potential prescribing errors or present alternative treatment options when prescriptions are not evidence-based .
When prescriptions are cancelled , renewed or modified , electronic medical record systems could prompt physicians to record details about adverse drug reactions and effectiveness , which would also ensure that details about a patient 's treatment history and experiences with past therapies are documented .
Many Canadian provinces have implemented centralized drug information systems to track all medications that patients receive . If these systems are to contribute toward an effective post-market drug surveillance system , they need to additionally collect information on the reasons medications are being prescribed and the outcomes they produce .
Medications can be life-saving . But they 're only as good as our knowledge about them . It 's time we kept better track of our experiences with medications .
Jenna Wong recently received her PhD from the department of Epidemiology , Biostatistics and Occupational Health at McGill University . Robyn Tamblyn is an expert adviser with EvidenceNetwork.ca and James McGill professor in the departments of Medicine and Epidemiology , Biostatistics , and Occupational Health at McGill . Distributed by Troy Media .
LOS ANGELES ( Variety.com ) - The Smurfs may be feeling kind of blue .
The cuddly creatures ' once-promising film franchise is looking awfully creaky after `` Smurfs : The Lost Village '' stumbled at the domestic box office this weekend . The Sony release opened to a negligible $ 14.1 million . The film was an attempt to reinvigorate the series after 2013 's `` The Smurfs 2 '' racked up a disappointing $ 347.5 million on a hefty $ 105 million budget . It 's a fall from quite a height . The first film , 2011 's `` The Smurfs , '' had showed such promise , grossing $ 563.7 million globally , but interest in the big screen adventures of the creatures has waned with each sequel .
With the Smurfs failing to generate much excitement , DreamWorks Animation and Fox 's `` The Boss Baby '' captured first place at the North American box office for the second consecutive weekend , earning $ 26.3 million to push its domestic haul to $ 89.4 million . Disney 's `` Beauty and the Beast '' came in second , pulling in $ 25 million to push its stateside grosses to a lordly $ 432.3 million .
Box office analysts blame the glut of family titles for hobbling the Smurfs . `` They should have waited a few weeks to open it , '' said Jeff Bock , an analyst with Exhibitor Relations .
Bock was ready to write the obituary for the franchise , saying , `` A major studio does not open an animated film at $ 14 million and expect to have a sequel . ''
This weekend is something of a throat clearing for the industry . `` The Fate of the Furious , '' the latest chapter in Universal 's long-running chronicle of vehicular carnage , is slated to roar into theaters next Friday . It should dominate ticket sales , racking up an $ 100 million debut and keeping Vin Diesel in designer tank tops for the foreseeable future .
`` It 's looming large on the horizon , '' said Paul Dergarabedian , senior media analyst at ComScore . `` It 's going to be a monstrous debut . ''
New Line and Village Roadshow 's `` Going in Style '' took fourth place with $ 12.5 million . The comedy about three retirees who rob a bank stars Morgan Freeman , Alan Arkin , and Michael Caine . It 's a low-budget remake of a 1979 comedy of the same name and cost $ 24 million to produce . The film resonated with older crowds , with 72 % of the audience clocking in over the age of 50 .
`` The chemistry of the three guys really works together , '' said Jeff Goldstein , domestic distribution chief at Warner Bros. , New Line 's studio parent company . `` They have fun together and it shows . It was a core part of the film 's appeal . ''
Paramount 's `` Ghost in the Shell '' rounded out the top five , grossing $ 7.3 million to bring its domestic gross to a disastrous $ 31.6 million . The Japanese manga adaptation is shaping up to be one of the year 's biggest bombs . Dogged by `` whitewashing '' controversy after Scarlett Johansson nabbed a part intended for an Asian actress , `` Ghost in the Shell '' wo n't stand a chance of recouping its $ 110 million production budget .
Sony is n't ready to wave the white flag on the Smurfs . The studio notes that the previous two films earned more than 70 % of their gross from foreign markets . The studio is also pleased with the film 's A CinemaScore , a sign that audiences are responding to the picture .
`` We delivered a film that I think is the best yet , '' said Rory Bruer , Sony 's domestic distribution chief . `` Word-of-mouth should be strong . ''
Sony also reined in costs . `` Smurfs : The Lost Village '' has a $ 60 million production budget , a fraction of the previous two entries ' price tag . However , the weak result extends a punishing period for Sony . The studio has been dogged by bombs such as `` Life '' and `` Inferno , '' while highly anticipated releases such as `` Passengers , '' a science-fiction romance with Chris Pratt and Jennifer Lawrence , struggled to turn a profit .
In limited release , `` Their Finest '' opened on four screens in New York and Los Angeles to $ 77,000 for a per-screen average of $ 19,250 . The comedy is set in World War II-era London and follows a troop of propaganda filmmakers . EuropaCorp bought the picture out of the Toronto Film Festival -- STX is distributing `` Their Finest '' on its behalf .
Neon , a new label from Alamo Drafthouse founder Tim League and indie veteran Tom Quinn , debuted `` Colossal '' to $ 125,809 from four theaters . The off-beat monster movie stars Anne Hathaway and enjoyed a solid $ 31,452 per-screen average .
Overall ticket sales were up more than 15 % on the prior-year period . Last year at this time Melissa McCarthy 's `` The Boss '' topped charts with a $ 23.6 million bow . Thanks to hits such as `` Beauty and the Beast '' and `` Logan , '' 2017 continues to outpace 2016 , with revenues up 5 % .
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
* TSX down 78.33 points , or 0.5 percent , to 15,541.32
* Nine of TSX 's main groups lower
TORONTO May 3 Canada 's main stock index retreated on Wednesday as lower industrial metal prices weighed on most miners , although strong quarterly results from two mining companies tempered some of the losses .
The overall materials group , which includes precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies , lost 0.8 percent , tracking falls in base metals , including copper and nickel . Copper prices declined 3.5 percent to $ 5,601.50 a tonne .
Teck Resources Ltd declined 5.9 percent to C $ 26.60 , while First Quantum Minerals Ltd declined 5.4 percent to C $ 12.03 .
Kinross Gold Corp and Tahoe Resources Inc offset some of the losses and were among the most positive influential movers after the gold miners reported strong results late Tuesday . Kinross jumped 12.2 percent to C $ 5.15 , while Tahoe surged 12.5 percent to C $ 12.07 .
Home Capital Group Inc sank 8.9 percent to C $ 7.06 after the troubled non-bank lender delayed its first-quarter results . The overall financials group , which accounts for about one-third of the index , fell 0.3 percent .
At 11:05 a.m. EDT ( 1505 GMT ) , the Toronto Stock Exchange 's S & P/TSX composite index fell 78.33 points , or 0.5 percent , to 15,541.32 . Nine of the index 's main groups retreated .
The energy group was the lone gainer , squeezing out a modest 0.2 percent gain . Canadian Natural Resources Ltd advanced 0.1 percent to C $ 43.47 .
In earnings , newspaper publisher Torstar Corp reported a wider-than-expected loss and shares fell 8.4 percent to C $ 1.52 .
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the TSX by 187 to 52 , for a 3.60-to-1 ratio on the downside .
The index was posting 10 new 52-week highs and 1 new low . ( Reporting by Solarina Ho ; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe )
FILE PHOTO : WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange makes a speech from the balcony of the Ecuadorian Embassy , in central London , Britain February 5 , 2016 . REUTERS/Peter Nicholls/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : Actress Pamela Anderson answers a question at a news conference to announce the launch of the online social platform FrogAds.com , in West Hollywood , California March 22 , 2012 . REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni/File Photo
STOCKHOLM Actress Pamela Anderson was coy about a rumored romance with Wikileaks founder Julian Assange , saying his being holed up in the Ecuadorian embassy in London made dating `` a little bit difficult '' .
Speaking to a Swedish television talk show , the former `` Baywatch '' actress and animal rights activist said she had probably spent more time with Assange than with any other man lately but would not be drawn on details .
British media have reported Anderson has been spotted visiting Assange at the central London embassy , where he took refuge in 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden over allegations that he committed rape in 2010 , which he denies .
In a clip of the interview which airs on Friday evening , Anderson is asked whether their relationship was romantic and if they are dating . The 49-year-old actress laughs before saying : `` Well , he 's imprisoned , that would make it a little bit difficult . ''
She is then pressed further .
`` Let 's see what happens when he 's free . But you know I spend probably more time with him than any other man socially , which is very odd , '' Anderson said .
In a post on her pamelaandersonfoundation.org website on Thursday , Anderson referred to Assange as `` one of my favorite people '' .
`` He might be the most famous , most politicized refugee of our time . Famous for being persecuted . Famous for being persecuted is not a position of power but a position of vulnerability . I am concerned , '' she wrote .
`` Julian is a human being who is extremely empathetic and cares deeply about the world . And because of his work . He has made some powerful enemies in a few countries - America especially by exposing them . Julian is trying to free the world by educating it . It is a romantic struggle—I love him for this . ''
British media have printed photos of Anderson outside the embassy , with one picture showing her carrying takeaway food .
`` It has brought some attention to maybe people who did n't realize a lot about him , '' Anderson says in the clip .
`` So I guess in a way that 's been a little bit helpful but I do n't want to go into any private details . But I do n't know . ''
She can then be heard saying : `` He 's very sexy '' .
( Reporting By Ilze Filks and Marie-Louise Gumuchian ; Editing by Toby Davis )
MANCHESTER , England — The Football Association has started to gather evidence following reports of an incident involving the players and coaching staff of Manchester United and Manchester City near the dressing rooms after the derby match .
The FA has sought observations from both clubs and could also request CCTV footage of the incident , which took place immediately after City 's 2-1 win at Old Trafford in the Premier League on Sunday .
A person with knowledge of the situation says about 15 people were involved in a melee around the doorway to the visitors ' dressing room , and that City 's assistant coach , Mikel Arteta , sustained a cut on his forehead .
The person spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to publicly discuss dressing-room incidents .
The University of Salford has unveiled new undergraduate and Master 's degrees with a heavy focus on autonomous vehicles .
Starting in September 2018 , the BEng Automotive and Autonomous Vehicle Technology course is three years full-time or four years with an industrial placement , while the MSc Advanced Automotive and Autonomous Technology adds an extra year in both cases . According to the university , the courses are thought to be the first in Europe to train engineers in the trio of emerging vehicle technologies – electric , hybrid and driverless .
“ The rise of new vehicles over the next decade will be vast and transformational , ” said Ghasem Nasr , Professor of Mechanical Engineering and Innovation at Salford . “ New technology requires new skills and completely new perspectives on how we think about and engineer cars .
“ There is no argument that the demand for different kinds of engineering skill sets is about to take off . The UK government has said it aims to see fully self-driving vehicles on Britain 's roads by 2021 , the year our first graduates will enter the job market . ”
Students will be based in a new driverless laboratory and will experience designing and building prototype cars through the Greenpower Electric Car Challenge and industry placements . The courses are primarily mechanical and electronic engineering based , but differ from traditional programmes by offering a combination of tuition and practice in robotics and AI , software and acoustics . An underlying knowledge of ethics and cybersecurity will also be taught through relevant modules .
“ Ethics is particularly pertinent because it is as much about engineering a product which is socially acceptable , as it is about efficiency , ” added Prof Nasr .
“ What industry needs are graduates who are familiar with a new range of concepts , and experience of working at the cutting edge with industry partners . ”
Additional information on the courses can be found here .
MORE FROM THE STUDENT ENGINEER HERE
( Corrects paragraph 11 to say that New York Times reported that Fox News and Bill O'Reilly paid out $ 13 million in settlements , not Fox News alone . )
By Daniel Wiessner
April 3 A Democratic political consultant and Fox News contributor on Monday sued the network and its former chairman , Roger Ailes , accusing them of denying her a permanent hosting job after rebuffing Ailes ' sexual advances .
Julie Roginsky also said in her lawsuit filed in New York state court that a misogynistic culture at Fox News , a unit of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc , had not changed since Ailes resigned last year in the wake of a separate sexual harassment lawsuit by former anchor Gretchen Carlson .
Roginsky , 43 , has appeared regularly on Fox News programs since 2011 and writes a column for the network 's website .
Her action follows other allegations , including at least two separate lawsuits , against Fox News and Ailes by women who claimed they were sexually harassed by the 76-year-old founder of the network .
Fox did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Nor did a lawyer for Ailes .
In the lawsuit , Roginsky said Ailes in early 2015 told her he was considering her for a full-time slot on `` The Five , '' a highly-rated talk show featuring a rotating panel of guests . But the job never materialized , and she lost her spot as a contributor on the show , after she declined his advances , she said .
Roginsky also said she has had less time on air since then , and it is having damaged her career .
She also sued Bill Shine , the co-president of Fox , claiming he failed to investigate her claims after they met to discuss Ailes ' conduct . Roginsky is seeking unspecified damages under a New York City law that prohibits discrimination , harassment and retaliation .
Fox last year agreed to pay $ 20 million to settle Carlson 's claims that her contract was not renewed because she rebuffed Ailes .
A separate sexual harassment lawsuit filed last year by former Fox News anchor Andrea Tantaros was sent to private arbitration .
The New York Times on Saturday reported that Fox and anchor Bill O'Reilly had paid at least $ 13 million to five women to settle claims that he sexually harassed them . O'Reilly has denied the claims .
The New York Times has also reported that Fox News is the subject of a federal grand jury investigation , potentially involving secret settlements paid over allegations of sexual harassment . ( Reporting by Daniel Wiessner in Albany , New York , Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi and Andrew Hay )
April 28 Guangdong Shenglu Telecommunication Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to fluctuate by -28.7 percent to 3.0 percent , or to be 90 million yuan to 130 million yuan , compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 ( 126.2 million yuan )
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/RoAGD2
Further company coverage :
( Beijing Headline News )
Winning numbers drawn in 'Play4 Night ' game
ROCKY HILL , Conn. ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Connecticut Lottery 's `` Play4 Night '' game were :
0-5-3-8
( zero , five , three , eight )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK — Remember Jeremy Meeks , the `` hot felon '' ? His mugshot went viral after police posted it to Facebook , winning the hearts of women everywhere . Now he has traded in his orange jumpsuit for designer threads .
Meeks , 33 , made his New York Fashion Week debut in designer Philipp Plein 's show on Monday .
The criminally handsome Californian earned the nickname “ Hot Felon ” and became an internet sensation in 2014 after his mugshot for felony weapons charges went viral .
While he was still behind bars , Meeks signed with a modeling agency . He served two years in prison and was released last March . On Monday , Meeks hit the runway donned in a black shirt , black pants , black boots , and a black puffer coat with a fur hood .
Since his release from prison , Meeks has been keeping his fans happy with posts on his Instagram page .
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) said on Thursday that New Zealand 's central bank should add debt-to-income ( DTI ) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country 's housing market .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 2-Daimler invests in ride-hailing firm Careem 's latest funding round
DUBAI , June 15 Dubai-based ride hailing firm Careem will step up expansion into new markets after raising $ 150 million from investors , including German carmaker Daimler and Saudi Arabia 's Kingdom Holding .
MEXICO CITY , April 12 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its May term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to international customers , the company said on Wednesday . The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for sales in the Americas , the U.S. West Coast , Europe and the Far East : DESTINATION APRIL CONSTANT MAY CONSTANT -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - AMERICAS Maya crude -3.45 -1.60 Isthmus crude +2.15 +2.40 Olmeca crude +2.65 +2.90 U.S WEST COAST Maya crude -6.15 -5.15 Isthmus crude -2.90 -1.50 EUROPE Maya crude -4.35 -2.95 Isthmus crude -2.60 -1.40 Olmeca crude -2.40 -1.20 FAR EAST Maya crude -9.40 -9.40 Isthmus crude -2.70 -2.70 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - FORMULAS ( K IS PEMEX CONSTANT ) : MAYA : 0.40 ( West Texas Sour + Fuel Oil 3 % ) + 0.10 ( Louisiana Light Sweet + Brent dated ) + K ISTHMUS : 0.40 ( West Texas Sour + Louisiana Light Sweet ) +0.20 ( Brent dated ) + K OLMECA : 0.333 ( West Texas Sour + Louisiana Light Sweet+Brent dated ) + K OLMECA EUROPE : Brent Dated + K MAYA W. COAST : 0.333 ( West Texas Intermediate + Alaskan North Slope + Kern River ) + K ( Reporting by David Alire Garcia ; Editing by Matthew Lewis )
U.S . Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley prepares to speak at a Security Council meeting on the situation in Syria at the United Nations Headquarters in New York , U.S. , April 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
UNITED NATIONS The United States pushed the United Nations Security Council on Thursday to focus on `` illegal and dangerous behaviour '' by Iran and Lebanese group Hezbollah in the Middle East , an accusation that Iran dismissed as `` misleading propaganda . ''
U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told the 15-member council that its monthly meetings on the Middle East - traditionally focused on Israel and the Palestinians , Syria and Lebanon - regularly turned into `` Israel-bashing sessions . ''
`` Iran is using Hezbollah to advance its regional aspirations . They are working together to expand extremist ideologies in the Middle East , '' she said . `` That is a threat that should be dominating our discussion at the Security Council . ''
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Wednesday accused Iran of `` alarming ongoing provocations '' to destabilize countries in the Middle East as the Trump administration launched a review of its policy toward Tehran , including a 2015 nuclear deal .
`` Today we heard unsubstantiated allegations against my country which I categorically reject as misleading propaganda campaigning against Iran and its role in the region , '' Iran 's U.N . Ambassador Gholamali Khoshroo told the council on Thursday .
The United States , which is president of the council for April , tried to focus the meeting on Thursday on Iran , which it accuses of aiding Hezbollah in Syria , deadly militia in Iraq and Houthi rebels in Yemen .
In a note ahead of the meeting , the United States asked countries to consider : `` Who are the regional players that most benefit from chaos in the region , and what are the connections between terrorist groups and these states ? ''
Several council members broadened their statements during the meeting on Thursday to discuss other conflicts in the Middle East , but few mentioned Iran .
Haley told the council : `` The incredibly destructive nature of Iranian and Hezbollah activities throughout the Middle East demands much more of our attention . It should become this council 's priority in the region . ''
Haley , who became the U.S. ambassador in late January , is a member of the Cabinet of President Donald Trump , who took a hard line on Iran during his campaign for the White House .
( Reporting by Michelle Nichols ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis )
Britain Football Soccer - Manchester United v Celta Vigo - UEFA Europa League Semi Final Second Leg - Old Trafford , Manchester , England - 11/5/17 Celta Vigo 's John Guidetti celebrates after Facundo Roncaglia scores their first goal Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
BARCELONA ( Reuters ) - Celta Vigo will be deprived of centre forward John Guidetti for the start of the La Liga season after the Sweden international broke his right collarbone in a friendly against AS Roma on Sunday .
The striker was taken off in the 16th minute of the game at Celta 's Balaidos home , which the Galicians won 4-1 , after winning a penalty from a foul by Federico Fazio .
Coach Juan Carlos Unzue told a news conference that the former Manchester City and Celtic striker , who joined Celta in 2015 , could be out for up to six weeks .
Guidetti scored nine goals in all competitions last season as Celta reached the semi-finals of the King 's Cup and the Europa League .
Celta open their league season at home to Real Sociedad on Saturday .
May 3 PNC Financial Services Group Inc :
* Effective for Q1 of 2017 , co realigned its segments & has changed basis of presentation of its segments - SEC filing
* Residential Mortgage Banking segment was combined into Retail Banking from realignment - SEC filing
* The Non-Strategic Assets Portfolio segment was eliminated Source text : ( bit.ly/2p6AUjn ) Further company coverage :
May 2 Maisons du Monde SA :
* Customer sales up 20.9 % year-on-year to €228.8 million ( $ 249.58 million ) in Q1 2017 , with strong like-for-like growth of 11.9 %
* In 2017 expects customer sales growth at the high end of the previously announced 12 % -14 % range
* In 2017 expects like-for-like growth of around 5 %
* In 2017 expects 25-30 net new store openings
* In 2017 expects EBITDA margin above 13 % of customer sales Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9168 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
VILLANOVA , Pa. — Big East freshman of the year Omari Spellman is staying in the NBA draft after helping Villanova win the national championship .
The school announced Spellman 's decision Wednesday , the final day of the NCAA deadline for players who have n't hired an agent to withdraw from the draft and return to school . Spellman joins Donte DiVincenzo , Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges as Wildcats who left the champs for the NBA with eligibility remaining .
Spellman enrolled at Villanova in the fall of 2016 after attending St. Thomas More in Connecticut for his final season of prep basketball . After sitting out the 2016-17 season as an academic redshirt , Spellman averaged 10.9 points and 8.0 rebounds as the Wildcats set a school record with 36 victories . Spellman connected on 43 per cent of his 3-pointers and led the Wildcats with 59 blocked shots .
`` The NBA people I have spoken with have been impressed with Omari 's maturity and potential as a player , '' coach Jay Wright said . `` He made a great impact on our program and we 're thrilled that his efforts have led him to this opportunity . ''
NEW DELHI Factories across much of Asia got off to a solid start in the second quarter , buoyed by strong global demand , particularly for hi-tech gadgets which are leading a sizzling rally in electronics .
Though China 's manufacturing growth eased more than expected in April , business still improved and there were no hints of a sharp loss of momentum despite risks from a growing regulatory crackdown and fresh measures to cool its heated housing market .
Indeed , analysts chalked up much of the softening in China to recent falls in commodities prices , noting its official factory activity gauge at the weekend was still not far from a near five-year high .
Globally , continued strength in Asia and expectations for upbeat PMI readings from Europe later on Tuesday could help offset a recent soft patch in the U.S. economy , though many economists believe that weakness will be temporary .
`` We expect global growth to pick up in the second quarter , '' said Krystal Tan , Asia economist at Capital Economics in Singapore .
`` Firmer global growth will lend strength to the ongoing recovery in Asian manufacturing . ''
After six years of disappointing growth , the world economy is gaining momentum , fueled by a cyclical recovery in manufacturing and buoyant financial markets .
A multi-year trade recession for Asia 's exporters has ended as global demand revives , though the outlook is still being clouded by worries about growing U.S. protectionism as the new Trump administration flexes its muscles .
The spring in the air prompted the International Monetary Fund last month to bump up its 2017 global growth forecast to 3.5 percent from 3.4 percent in January .
The Asian factory surveys pointed to subsiding inflationary pressures as well as continued economic recovery , giving the region 's central banks scope to keep policy on hold as they wait for the U.S. Federal Reserve 's next move . It is expected to raise rates again next month .
Australia 's central bank held rates steady for a ninth straight month on Tuesday as it sought to balance the risk of busting a property bubble against sluggish wage growth . Its next move is expected to be a rate rise next year .
Even China has started gingerly tightening policy and clamping down on some types of financing to contain the risks from years of debt-fueled stimulus , though analysts expect policymakers to move cautiously to avoid hurting growth and rocking the boat ahead of a major leadership transition later this year .
President Xi Jinping made a rare speech last week on financial stability , calling for increased efforts to ward off systemic risks .
GRADUAL SLOWING SEEN FOR CHINA
While the expansions in China 's factory and service sectors slowed more than expected , analysts were not alarmed , noting that economic growth had been expected to slowly moderate after a surprisingly strong start to the year .
Betty Wang , senior China economist at ANZ , said some loss of steam in the monthly surveys does not portend a growing risk of a hard landing , noting the government remains supportive of ample credit for the real economy despite a crackdown in certain sectors such as real estate , riskier forms of short-term lending and shadow banking .
China 's official Purchasing Managers ' Index ( PMI ) released at the weekend fell to a six-month low of 51.2 in April from 51.8 in March , but pointed to expansion in the factory sector for the ninth straight month .
The China Caixin/Markit PMI on Tuesday ( PMI ) fell to 50.3 from March 's 51.2 . The Caixin survey focuses more on small and mid-sized firms , which have been under more stress than their larger , state-owned peers .
Economists largely attributed the softening in both surveys to weaker prices for iron ore and other industrial commodities and to signs of moderation in China 's housing market after a flurry of steps to curb speculation .
Wang at ANZ said many companies had `` too strong '' a bullish view when global commodity prices began rallying late last year , but said that trend is now changing , making firms more cautious about spending .
ELECTRONICS EXPORTS
Growth in electronics exports has been one of the highlights of Asia 's export recovery this year , boosting profits for companies tied into supply chains such as Apple Inc 's , which is gearing up for the launch of the iPhone 8 later this year .
China , Japan , South Korea , Taiwan and Singapore have all reported stronger shipments in recent months , often led by electronics . South Korea on Monday reported April exports rose 24.2 percent on-year , the fastest since August 2011 .
Global stock market investors are also cashing in on the so-called electronics `` super-cycle '' .
Samsung Electronics ( 005930.KS ) gained as much as 2.0 percent on Tuesday , helping to lift the country 's Kospi index .KS11 to within reach of its all-time high marked in 2011 .
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co ( TSMC ) ( 2330.TW ) hit a record high , rising as much as 2.3 percent .
In other parts of Asia , manufacturing activity hit a 10-month high in Indonesia and expanded for the first time in two years in Malaysia .
In India , the activity expanded for a fourth consecutive month in April , helped by stronger growth in new orders .
Japan 's manufacturing also expanded at a stronger pace last month , according to a revised survey on Monday .
( Reporting by Rajesh Kumar Singh ; Editing by Kim Coghill )
March 30 General Electric Co :
* GE Capital exits European consolidated prudential supervision
* GE Capital 's non-U.S. activities are no longer subject to consolidated supervision by UK 's Prudential Regulation Authority
* GE Capital has largely completed process of selling approximately $ 200 billion of GE Capital non-core businesses
* Action completes GE Capital 's global exit from consolidated supervision Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
DOHUK , Northern Iraq — Could he help make Iraqi Kurdistan great again ?
Some people here are so convinced he will that they are showing their love for Donald Trump in unusual ways .
One , Nadyar Zawiti , has jumped on the Trump train particularly enthusiastically , naming his fish restaurant in the northern Iraqi city of Dohuk after the US President-elect .
Zawiti heard Trump say during the campaign that he was a big fan of Kurdish forces , and called for the US to arm them in their fight against ISIS .
He 's hoping the incoming president will make good on his promise — so much so that he named his new restaurant Trump Fish .
“ What I admire about Trump 's personality , ” Zawite says , “ is that he 's decisive , he 's tough , and hopefully with that toughness he 'll finish ISIS off . ”
The restaurant 's logo — featuring San Diego Chargers-style lightning bolts where Trump 's hair and eyebrows should be — was taken from a 2015 Uproxx story that injected a Trump theme into the logo of every NFL team .
The restaurant sells “ maskouf , ” Iraq 's national dish of oily carp cooked over an open fire .
Nadyar shrugs off Trump 's controversial pledge to ban all Muslims from entering the US as mere campaign rhetoric .
He even hopes to someday open a branch of Trump Fish near the White House — if Trump will invite him in , that is .
He 's not the only dedicated fan of the President-elect to be found in the region .
Hassan Jamil , a Peshmerga fighter on leave , even named his newborn baby Trump Hassan Jamil .
Of the unusual choice of moniker bestowed on the three-week-old , Jamil explained : “ I called him Trump because he is charismatic and has clear policies and that 's why he won the election . ”
* Expert panel met on Tuesday to draw up plan within two weeks
* Boston Consultancy Group to advise SAIL on revival
* Steel ministry aims to make SAIL profitable in 2017/18
* SAIL may show improvement by end of decade - analyst
By Neha Dasgupta
NEW DELHI , March 30 India has set up an expert panel to help revive its loss-making state steelmaker after a government review found the company to be far less efficient than its rivals despite spending more than $ 10 billion in the past eight years .
A review document , containing previously undisclosed data and seen by Reuters , criticises Steel Authority of India ( SAIL ) for everything from the use of low-quality raw materials to outdated technology , suggesting that its problems were not simply the result of cheap Chinese steel imports .
SAIL , which has been overtaken by JSW Steel as India 's biggest producer , has posted seven straight quarterly losses , and Reuters reported last week that it was at risk of losing business from its biggest client .
SAIL 's underperformance could derail the government 's target to triple steel production in the country by 2030 , and shows how Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's big infrastructure dreams may have to rely heavily on the private sector and imports .
Steel Minister Chaudhary Birender Singh , worried by what he called SAIL 's `` unsatisfactory '' output performance , has asked the panel to recommend a timeline for ramping up capacity at a `` quick pace '' , to find ways to lower production costs and to improve branding and marketing .
`` The terms of the reference of the committee will include chalking out a revival plan for turning around loss-making ( companies ) of the Ministry of Steel to profit-making companies in 2017/18 , '' Singh 's office told the committee this week , in a memo seen by Reuters .
The panel , comprising top officials of various government ministries and SAIL , met for the first time this week and will be helped by Boston Consulting Group ( BCG ) in coming up with a revival plan for the company .
They will set quarterly , six-monthly and yearly targets for SAIL , according to the memo . Two government sources said minister Singh wants a plan for SAIL and smaller state steel company RINL in 15 days .
A SAIL spokesman did not respond to requests for comment . A steel ministry spokesman declined comment .
Government officials earlier said SAIL had failed to take advantage of protectionist measures that have helped private companies out-price Chinese steel and lift their margins .
FAILING TO SAIL
SAIL fares poorly when compared to international efficiency standards and those of private Indian companies such as JSW and Tata Steel in blast furnace productivity , raw material consumption and energy usage , according to the review document .
For example , SAIL 's average daily blast furnace productivity of 1.58 tonnes per cubic meter last fiscal year ended March was 40 percent lower than that of JSW . SAIL said the metric improved 7 percent between April and December last year .
Its use of coke - derived from high-quality coal , and thus costly - was also higher than private peers and global standards . April-December coke use came down 3 percent from a year ago , SAIL said .
Its use of pulverized coal injection technology - a cheaper substitute to coke - was the lowest compared to JSW and Tata in 2015/16 . During April-December , SAIL said the gauge improved 14 percent .
The government said this week that three of SAIL 's ailing units put up for strategic stake sales have made losses for the past five years despite the company pumping in more than $ 400 million for their modernisation . ( bit.ly/2mPA9PB )
The steel ministry told parliament on Wednesday that most SAIL plants were set up almost half a century ago and that the technologies and equipment had become `` old and obsolete '' .
SAIL is chasing tie-ups with foreign majors such as ArcelorMittal and POSCO , companies known for their cutting-edge technology .
Analysts say higher employee costs , typical of government companies in India , were another factor holding SAIL back .
`` Even when the market was good , SAIL was under-performing because of higher fixed costs , '' said Goutam Chakraborty , analyst at Emkay Global Financial Services in Mumbai , who expects SAIL to show improvement by end of this decade . ( Reporting by Neha Dasgupta ; Editing by Krishna N. Das )
Dustin Brown , Anze Kopitar , Adrian Kempe and Alex Iafallo each had a goal and an assist for the Kings .
Scott Wedgewood made 29 saves for the Coyotes , who had their streak of four consecutive wins against the Kings and three straight in Los Angeles end .
JETS 3 , AVALANCHE 0
WINNIPEG , Manitoba ( AP ) — Connor Hellebuyck stopped 25 shots for his fifth shutout of the season as Winnipeg improved to 5-0-2 in its last seven games .
Patrik Laine scored his team-leading 24th goal , rookie Jack Roslovic was credited with his second and Nikolaj Ehlers added an empty-netter for the Jets . Blake Wheeler had two assists .
Semyon Varlamov had 29 saves for Colorado in his return after missing 10 games with an injury and then backing up Jonathan Bernier in the overtime win at Edmonton on Thursday night .
DUCKS 5 , CANADIENS 2
MONTREAL ( AP ) — Defenceman Jeff Petry scored two goals to help Montreal end a three-game losing streak .
Logan Shaw , Joe Morrow and David Schlemko also scored for the Canadiens .
Corey Perry and Rikard Rakell scored for Anaheim , which was coming off an overtime loss in Ottawa on Thursday night .
The Ducks outshot Montreal 45-29 , but Antti Niemi , starting in place of Carey Price , made several brilliant stops .
SENATORS 4 , FLYERS 3 , SO
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) — Mike Hoffman scored the only shootout goal in the sixth round of the tiebreaker to lift Ottawa past Philadelphia .
The Senators looked like they had the game won in regulation , but Nolan Patrick tied it with 2.6 seconds left in the third period to force overtime .
Neither team scored in the 5-minute 3-on-3 period and neither looked like it was going to score in the shootout , either . After six Flyers shooters and five Senators missed , Hoffman finally connected with a pretty move that beat Michal Neuvirth and sent Ottawa to consecutive victories for the first time since Jan. 5-6 .
Derick Brassard , Matt Duchene and Chris DiDomenico scored in regulation and Ryan Dzingel had a pair of assists for Ottawa .
Sean Couturier and Scott Laughton also scored in regulation for Philadelphia , which lost its fourth straight to hurt its playoff position .
BLUES 1 , SABRES 0
BUFFALO , N.Y. ( AP ) — Carter Hutton stopped 27 shots for his third shutout of the seasona nd 11th of his career , and Carl Gunnarsson banked in a shot off the crossbar with 5:41 left to lead St. Louis .
Hutton improved to 9-1-1 in his past 11 games , in which he 's allowed just 17 goals . His best save came with 32 seconds left when he spread-eagled through the crease by kicking out his right skate to stop Sam Reinhart , who was set up alone at the right post .
Hutton was also fortunate with 3 seconds left when Sabres defenceman Rasmus Ristolainen 's shot from the blue line hit the post in a game that proved to be a goaltending dual .
Buffalo 's Robin Lehner made 32 saves in the loss .
BRUINS 4 , MAPLE LEAFS 1
BOSTON ( AP ) — Tuukka Rask made 23 stops and posted a point for a career-best 20th straight game , leading surging Boston past Toronto .
David Pastrnak and Torey Krug each scored on a power play in the second period and Patrice Bergeron added his team-leading 22nd goal for the Bruins . Tim Schaller had an empty-netter as Boston earned at least a point for the 20th time in 21 games , moving four points ahead of Toronto for second in the Atlantic Division .
Rask has n't lost in regulation since Nov. 26 . He improved to 18-0-2 in his last 20 starts , and had an assist on Schaller 's score .
The Maple Leafs had their four-game winning streak stopped and lost for the first time in seven games against Boston after going 5-0-1 .
Mitchell Marner was credited with a goal for Toronto after Boston defenceman Charlie McAvoy redirected the centre 's shot into his own net .
ISLANDERS 4 , BLUE JACKETS 3
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Jordan Eberle and Brock Nelson scored early in the third period and Jaroslav Halak made 46 saves as New York rallied past Columbus .
The Blue Jackes led 3-2 heading into the third after Nick Foligno scored on a breakaway late in the second . The Islanders were outshot 26-12 in the first period and 40-28 through 40 minutes as Columbus dominated the game for significant stretches .
However , Eberle tied it 3-3 with his 18th goal at 2:49 of the third when he corralled a loose puck at the top of the slot and whipped it past backup Columbus goalile Joonas Korpisalo . Nelson then managed to redirect a rebound past Korpisalo at 5:14 for his 11th of the season and only his second goal since Dec. 7 .
Nick Leddy and Josh Bailey also scored for the Islanders , who won for the first time in three games since the All-Star break . They lost the first two by combined 9-1 margin against Florida and Toronto .
Josh Anderson and Cam Atkinson also scored for Columbus , which has lost six of its last eight . Korpisalo finished with 34 saves .
PANTHERS 3 , RED WINGS 2
SUNRISE , Fla. ( AP ) — Jonathan Huberdeau scored with 7.7 seconds left in the third period to lift the Florida past Detroit .
Aleksander Barkov and Aaron Ekblad also scored for the Panthers . Harri Sateri made 26 saves for his third straight NHL win . Keith Yandle had two assists .
Danny DeKeyser scored both goals for Detroit and Petr Mrazek stopped 30 shots in his third straight start .
STARS 6 , WILD 1
DALLAS ( AP ) — Jamie Benn had a goal and an assist during a four-goal second period , and Dallas cruised past Minnesota .
Mattias Janmark and Benn scored on the power play , Tyler Seguin scored on an assist from Benn , and Stephen Johns added an unassisted goal during the second-period flurry . Alexander Radulov and Dan Hamhuis scored in the third period for the Stars , Seguin also had two assists , and Kari Lehtonen stopped 30 shots to win his fourth straight .
Jason Zucker spoiled Lehtonen 's shutout bid at 5:40 of the third period . Alex Stalock stopped 25 of the 29 shots he faced through the first two periods , and Devan Dubnyk gave up two goals on nine shots in the third .
PREDATORS 5 , RANGERS 2
NASHVILLE , Tenn. ( AP ) — Kevin Fiala scored twice and Pekka Rinne stopped 20 shots as Nashville improved to 8-1-1 in its last 10 games .
P.K . Subban , Colton Sissons and Viktor Arvidsson also scored for the Predators . Rinne has allowed only two goals in his last three games , including shutouts in his previous two outings . He had the Predators ' second-longest shutout streak in franchise history at 171:47 before finally allowing a goal early in the third period .
J.T . Miller and Mika Zibanjejad scored for New York , which had just eight shots on goal through two periods , and Henrik Lubqvist finished with 22 saves . The Rangers lost for the fifth time in six games .
FLAMES 4 , BLACKHAWKS 3 , OT
CALGARY , Alberta ( AP ) — Sean Monahan scored 59 seconds into overtime and Calgary snapped a six-game losing streak .
On an odd-man rush , TJ Brodie dropped the pass into the slot for Monahan , who buried his team-leading 24th of the season past Jeff Glass on the blocker side .
Matt Stajan , Johnny Gaudreau and Michael Frolik also scored for Calgary , which was 0-2-4 during its skid . Mike Smith stopped 25 shots .
Nick Schmaltz , Vinnie Hinostroza and Anthony Duclair scored for Chicago , which went 2-1-1 on a four-game trip . Glass finished with 35 saves .
By The Associated Press
MELBOURNE Sydney FC will bid to cap the most dominant season in the history of the A-League after reaching the championship decider with an emphatic 3-0 win over Perth Glory on Saturday .
The Sky Blues will fight at home for their third title against Melbourne Victory or Brisbane Roar next week after first half goals from Josh Brillante , Jordy Buijs and Slovakia striker Filip Holosko sealed the win at Sydney Football Stadium .
Although a deserving victory for the competition 's stand-out team , the game was tinged with controversy and both Buijs 's and Holosko 's goals were awarded after video reviews .
Glory coach Kenny Lowe was enraged when Buijs 's 37th minute score was confirmed and the Briton protested that his defender Dino Djulbic had been blocked illegally as the Dutchman struck from close range to put the hosts 2-0 up .
Holosko 's headed goal in first half stoppage time was more clear-cut , the video referee overturning an incorrect offside decision .
`` It 's been a fantastic year , '' said Sydney captain Alex Brosque .
`` We wanted to make a bit of a statement tonight with the way we came out .
`` We scored three great goals , it sets up a home grand final next week which is fantastic for the fans . ''
The pitch , regularly used for top flight rugby league , was in no condition for soccer but the hosts thrived in the conditions .
After taking time to settle , they clicked into gear in the 21st minute when midfielder Brillante found space outside the area , wound up and fired in a stunning long-range strike into the top left corner .
From there , Glory were under siege as waves of Sydney attackers streamed forward to wrap the match up before half-time .
Graham Arnold 's Sydney have already claimed the Premier 's Plate as the regular season winners , tallying a record 66 points from the 27-game campaign and they will head into the final as raging favourites .
`` Outstanding , '' Arnold , who guided Central Coast Mariners to the 2012/13 A-League title , said .
`` Overall we could have won by more . ''
Melbourne Victory host fellow three-times champions Brisbane Roar in the second semi-final on Sunday
( Editing by Pritha Sarkar )
BERLIN Creating a new era of accountability at Volkswagen ( VOWG_p.DE ) after its emissions scandal may take time , as it requires radical changes to the German carmaker 's decades-old corporate structure , its head of human resources told Reuters .
Volkswagen 's ( VW ) drive to become more transparent and decentralise power is seen by investors as a key part of its efforts to rebuild trust following its admission in September 2015 that it cheated U.S. emissions tests on diesel engines .
But reformers are battling a long-tradition of management hierarchies and some investors think their task is made harder by a tightly-knit ownership dominated by the company 's founding families and home state of Lower Saxony .
`` Good ideas are worth nothing if they fail because of structural blockades , '' VW human resources chief Karlheinz Blessing said in an interview published on Thursday .
`` Not only the values must be right but also the structure , '' he said , adding progress was being made to reduce the number of committees , streamline the development of models and move managers more frequently to improve their leadership skills .
Before `` dieselgate '' , there was an extreme deference to authority at VW and a closed-off corporate culture that some critics say may have been a factor in the cheating .
Although Blessing , a former steel manager who joined VW in January 2016 , has pledged a complete overhaul of its structures , values and principles , some investors are n't convinced .
`` I see a governance and culture problem at the group for which the old guard is responsible , '' said Ingo Speich , a fund manager at Union Investment which holds about 0.6 percent of VW preference shares .
VW is hamstrung by the different interests of its stakeholders - which include a powerful role for trade unions - and a lack of new leaders , he added . Chief Executive Matthias Mueller has been with VW for nearly four decades and Chairman Hans Dieter Poetsch was previously its long-term finance chief .
Blessing said VW wanted to put an end to managers shifting accountability to others and would ensure the best qualified people were handed responsibilities - something that might not always have been the case under a top-down management style .
`` That has to be learned , and it may take a bit of time , '' he said .
Blessing 's caution appears justified , according to two sources at the company .
With VW pursuing an ambitious shift to electric cars and digital services , some managers have become afraid again of making mistakes and are more keen to protect their careers than lead the drive for openness , they said .
`` The search for those who made mistakes always took precedence over the search for the mistakes , '' one of the sources said , speaking on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the matter . `` That mindset is still there . ''
Blessing declined to say how long it would take to establish a modern leadership culture at VW .
`` This is an ongoing process , and it 's nothing that will happen automatically . ''
( Reporting by Andreas Cremer ; Editing by Mark Potter )
GUADALAJARA , Mexico — David Vidal hit the go-ahead double during a three-run rally in the eighth inning , and reigning champion Puerto Rico beat Mexico 7-4 on Friday night to get their first win in the Caribbean Series .
Vidal had two hits with two RBIs for the Criollos de Caguas , who are trying to win their fifth title in the Series and 16th for Puerto Rico .
The Culiacan Tomateros will try to bounce back Saturday when they take on Cuba * s Alazanes de Granma .
Lazaro Blanco pitched six strong innings , Yurisbel Gracial had three RBIs and the Cubans started the Series with a 6-4 win over Venezuela .
Blanco ( 1-0 ) took the win after allowing five hits and two runs with five strikeouts . Raidel Martinez got the save .
Cuba reached the semifinals last year and is looking for its ninth championship in the Caribbean Series .
The win came with a price for the Granma Alazanes because Alfredo Despaigne , one of their top players , hurt his left leg and is questionable for the second game .
In the Caribbean Series , five teams play against each other in the first round and the top four advance to the semifinals .
Former U.S. President Bill Clinton was on hand for the opening ceremony , and the first pitch was thrown by Mexican boxer Saul Canelo Alvarez .
By The Associated Press
Stephanie Davies , None of the Above
Age : 33
Occupation : Legal Assistant
Top three priorities for Hamilton
1 . Legislative Electoral Reforms ( term-elections and proportional representation )
2 . Legislative Democratic Reforms ( citizen-initiated Plebiscites , Referendums , and Recall )
3 . Education ; Health care ; Mental Health ; Senior Care ; Child Care ; Hydro Costs ; Government Debt ; Environment ; Poverty Reduction ; and Small Businesses
Contact : nota.ca , stephaniedavies.nota @ gmail.com
Nick Dushko , Libertarian
Age : 39
Occupation : Self-employed
Top three priorities for Hamilton
1 . Reduce the size and scope of government .
2 . More government accountability for your high tax dollars .
3 . Explore new possibilities . There are different and better ways to run our city . To find out how , check out our full platform .
Contact : libertarian.on.ca , nsdushko @ gmail.com
Jim Enos , Independent
Age : 59
Occupation : Civil Engineering Technologist
Top three priorities for Hamilton
1 . To restore respect for the Christian biblical moral code in Ontario
2 . To be a voice at Queen 's Park for the Christian biblical moral code
3 . To speak up for Christian biblical moral code citizens currently disrespected by Ontario governance
Contact , 905-902-6307 , enosjim @ yahoo.com
Ben Levitt , PC
Age : 26
Occupation : Constituency Office , David Sweet MP
Top three priorities for Hamilton
1 . Relief for families and young people driving the renaissance of Hamilton . Middle-class tax cuts , gas tax cut and fixing the hydro mess .
2 . Create good jobs locally by reducing small business taxes and easing gridlock .
3 . Cut hospital wait times with 30,000 new long-term care beds and more .
Contact : benlevitt.ca , 905-870-4923 , @ benlevitt2018
Ted McMeekin , Liberal
Age : 70
Occupation : Current MPP
Ancaster-Dundas-
Flamborough-Westdale
Top three priorities for Hamilton
1 . Continue work with partner groups to have Cootes to Escarpment EcoPark , Canada 's most ecologically diverse area , protected as a joint federal/provincial park
2 . Establish additional family health team on West Mountain to ensure increased access to comprehensive primary care .
3 . Work to expand hospice palliative care beds at St. Joseph 's Villa from six to 10 beds .
Contact : tedmcmeekin.ca , 905-521-3961 , info @ tedmcmeekin.ca
Peter Ormond , Green
Age : 50
Occupation : Engineer
Top three priorities for Hamilton
1 . The Green party represents fairness , integrity and innovation in the era of climate change .
2 . We offer solutions to rebuild our local economy , build sustainable active/mass transportation systems , and protect our local food and water systems .
3 . Proportional representation makes every vote count , including the Green voice .
Contact : gpo.ca , 289-260-1151 , peter.ormond @ gpo.ca
Sandy Shaw , NDP
Age : 58
Occupation : Former Director of Corporate Social Responsibility , First Ontario Credit Union
Top three priorities for Hamilton
1 . Healthcare : Increase funding for front-line workers . $ 916M investment in hospitals . Shorter wait times for surgery .
2 . Seniors Care : 40,000 new long term beds . End wait-lists for Personal Support Workers . Defer property taxes until they sell their home .
3 . Affordability : Lower Hydro costs by 30 per cent . Universal high-quality $ 12/day child care . Drug and dental care for all Ontarians .
Contact : sandyshaw.ontariondp.ca , 905-627-9987 , sandy.shaw @ ontariondp.ca
Interactive ridings map
* Failure to break 200-day moving average weighs * U.S. jobs data beats expectations * Safe haven demand underpins prices ahead of Trump-Xi summit ( Updates prices , recasts with U.S. jobs data ) By Peter Hobson April 5 Gold fell from one-month highs on Wednesday after better-than-expected U.S. jobs data boosted U.S. bond yields and the dollar , but safe-haven demand ahead of a meeting of U.S. and Chinese leaders limited losses . A stronger dollar makes gold more expensive for holders of other currencies , while higher bond yields dampen demand for non-yielding bullion . Spot gold was down 0.8 percent at $ 1,245.63 an ounce at 1400 GMT , while U.S. gold futures were 0.8 percent lower at $ 1,248.40 an ounce . Gold touched $ 1,261.15 , its highest since Feb. 27 , on Tuesday but failed to close above its 200-day moving average , currently at $ 1,258 , for the third time in less than six weeks . `` The failed consolidation above the 200 DMA has no doubt hit investor confidence , however we do still continue to see solid interest for the metal at current levels , '' said Sam Laughlin at MKS PAMP . Investors were poised to push gold higher , said Georgette Boele at ABN AMRO . `` Upward momentum is getting stronger . It looks like the market is not willing to give up yet . '' Gold has risen 8.8 percent so far this year and has held just under its 200-day moving average since late March . But investors were hesitating ahead of U.S. non-farm payrolls data due on Friday and the minutes from the most recent U.S. Federal Reserve meeting to be released later on Wednesday , Boele said . Hawkish signals from the Fed would undermine gold prices because higher interest rates lead to higher bond yields . Sharp gains in employment would bolster the case for rate rises and likely boost the dollar . A preview of the non-farm payrolls came on Wednesday when the less comprehensive ADP National Employment Report showed that U.S. private employers added 263,000 jobs in March , beating economists ' forecasts of 187,000 additions . The data pushed up the dollar and U.S. bond yields and sent gold to its lowest since March 31 . Gold was supported however by demand for safe assets after a chemical attack in Syria appeared to put Russia and the United States on a diplomatic collision course and North Korea fired a ballistic missile into the sea ahead of a summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping . Spot silver was down 0.4 percent at $ 18.20 an ounce , having touched a one-month high of $ 18.41 in the previous session . Platinum advanced 0.1 percent to $ 959.60 an ounce , while palladium was up 1.1 percent at $ 813.50 . ( Additional reporting By Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru , editing by David Evans and Susan Thomas )
New survey says one-fifth of respondents are even changing up their summer plans
Two-thirds of British Columbians say the high gas prices are making them change their habits , according to a new poll released Wednesday
Prices at the pump have been hovering around 160 cents a litre for weeks now , and show no signs of dropping .
Nearly half of those surveyed by by Insights West said they 've reduced the number of times they use the car and 38 per cent said they 've reduced the distance they 're driving .
And it 's not just driving : one-third of respondents said they 've cut how much they spend on entertainment and food to cover higher fuel costs .
READ MORE : Are B.C . 's gas prices enough to keep you from travelling May long weekend ?
READ MORE : How will Ottawa finish a pipeline Kinder Morgan could n't ?
More than half told pollsters they thought gas prices were a “ very serious ” concern .
Many British Columbians were pessimistic about the ever-increasing gas expense . Forty-three per cent said they thought higher prices were the new normal and almost three-quarters believed prices would be even higher by July .
It 's even having an effect on summer plans : 20 per cent of people said they 've changed their activities to rely less on cars .
Only three per cent said they 've spoken to their MP or MLA on the issue .
@ katslepian
katya.slepian @ bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
March 30 Unirita Inc :
* Says it has appointed Hiroki Takefuji as the new Chairman of the Board in the company
* Appoints Hiroyuki Kitano as the new Executive President of the company , to replace Hiroki Takefuji
* Effective date April 1
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/U3Yr7X
Further company coverage :
( Beijing Headline News )
JUNE 14 , 2017 NEW YORK GIANTS MINI-CAMP REPORT…
The second day of the New York Giants mandatory 3-day mini-camp was held on Wednesday at Quest Diagnostics Training Center in East Rutherford , New Jersey . The mini-camp will continue with the final practice on Thursday .
INJURY REPORT AND ABSENTEES…
Wide receiver Kevin Snead ( hamstring ) , tight end Evan Engram ( soreness ) , tight end Rhett Ellison ( calf ) , left guard Justin Pugh ( back ) , linebacker J.T . Thomas ( recovering from torn ACL ) , cornerback Eli Apple ( illness ) , cornerback/safety Mykkele Thompson ( unknown ) , and safety Darian Thompson ( illness ) did not practice .
“ I just got a little tweak in my back , ” said Pugh . “ They 're holding me out as precaution . That 's something you do n't want to try to press too hard right now during mini-camp . ”
Left tackle Ereck Flowers and right guard D.J . Fluker left practice early and did not return . Fluker appeared to be in a lot of pain due to a right arm injury .
Wide receiver Jerome Lane left the field with an apparent low leg/foot injury , but later returned .
Defensive end Owamagbe Odighizuwa has been excused from the mandatory mini-camp for “ personal reasons . ”
PRACTICE NOTES…
Some snippets from various media sources :
College defensive tackle Jarron Jones continues to work with the offensive line .
continues to work with the offensive line . Cornerback DaShaun Amos made a leaping interception of a deep pass from quarterback Geno Smith during 7-on-7 drills . Amos later knocked down another pass into the end zone .
made a leaping interception of a deep pass from quarterback during 7-on-7 drills . Amos later knocked down another pass into the end zone . Quarterback Eli Manning hit wide receiver Odell Beckham , Jr. in the end zone for a sliding touchdown reception .
hit wide receiver in the end zone for a sliding touchdown reception . Cornerback Janoris Jenkins broke up 7-on-7 red-zone passes to wide receiver Odell Beckham , Jr. and tight end Jerell Adams .
broke up 7-on-7 red-zone passes to wide receiver and tight end . Wide receiver Brandon Marshall made a one-handed touchdown catch on a red-zone pass from quarterback Eli Manning .
made a one-handed touchdown catch on a red-zone pass from quarterback . Safety Andrew Adams broke up an end-zone pass from quarterback Eli Manning to wideout Odell Beckham , Jr .
broke up an end-zone pass from quarterback Eli Manning to wideout Odell Beckham , Jr. Quarterback Josh Johnson and tight end Matt LaCosse hooked up on a pair of red-zone touchdowns . Johnson also connected with wide receiver Taverres King for a score .
and tight end hooked up on a pair of red-zone touchdowns . Johnson also connected with wide receiver for a score . Running back Wayne Gallman made a really nice catch of a goal line pass from quarterback Davis Webb .
made a really nice catch of a goal line pass from quarterback . Fullback Shane Smith saw a lot of work with the first-team offense .
saw a lot of work with the first-team offense . Minicamp practice notes and observations ( 6/14 ) by John Schmeelk of Giants.com
Standout players from minicamp practice ( 6/14 ) by Dan Salomone of Giants.com
RYAN NASSIB SIGNS WITH THE SAINTS…
New York Giants unrestricted free agent quarterback Ryan Nassib has signed with the New Orleans Saints . Nassib was placed on Injured Reserve in December 2016 with a right elbow injury that required surgery . Nassib was drafted in the 4th round of the 2013 NFL Draft by the Giants . Since 2014 , Nassib had been the team 's # 2 quarterback . During that time , he only saw very limited playing time with all of his regular-season throws ( 10 total ) coming at the end of two blowout losses . Nassib has not really developed at the pro level and he struggled during the 2016 preseason , completing only 41 percent of his passes with five turnovers ( three interceptions and two fumbles ) .
BEN MCADOO AND THE COORDINATORS SPEAK…
Transcripts and video clips of the media sessions with the following coaches are available in The Corner Forum and at Giants.com :
THE PLAYERS SPEAK…
Transcripts and video clips of the media sessions with the following players are available in The Corner Forum and at Giants.com :
ARTICLES…
TOKYO , March 30 Toshiba Corp 's shareholders on Thursday approved a proposal to split off the Japanese company 's NAND flash memory unit , paving the way for the sale of most of its prized business .
In the wake of mounting losses at its U.S. nuclear arm Westinghouse , Toshiba plans to sell a majority stake or even all of the chip unit .
Toshiba has said it expects the business to be valued at at least $ 18 billion .
( $ 1 = 111.2100 yen ) ( Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki ; Writing by Tim Kelly ; Editing by Edwina Gibbs )
NEW YORK , April 28 The U.S. bond market 's gauges on inflation expectations added to their earlier rise on Friday as solid increases in prices and employment costs in the first quarter offset the weakest quarterly economic growth in three years .
The 10-year inflation breakeven rate , or the yield difference between 10-year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities and regular 10-year Treasury notes , was last at 1.94 percent , up nearly 2 basis points from late on Thursday , Tradeweb and Reuters data showed . . ( Reporting by Richard Leong Editing by W Simon )
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco , turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in , authorities and company officials said .
Yorkshire is known for its wild moors and scenic woodlands , many of which people explore through various walking and hiking trails . These trails are a great way to embrace the outdoors , keep active and explore some of Yorkshire 's most scenic nature spots .
From coastal walks to railway trails to the renowned three peaks , Yorkshire offers an array of walking trails and routes that everyone can enjoy .
The 109 mile Cleveland way intertwines both moorland and breathtaking coastlines
Here are some of the best walking trails in Yorkshire according to TripAdvisor .
Wainwright 's Coast-to-Coast Walk , North Yorkshire
This popular 192-mile trail was thought up by Alfred Wainwright in the 1970s and passes through three different national parks , this being the Lake District National Park , the Yorkshire Dales National Park , and the North York Moors National Park .
Ingleton Waterfalls Trail , North Yorkshire
This North Yorkshire trail is 4½ miles long and incorporates a series of spectacular waterfalls , weaving in and out of ancient woodland and splendid scenery in the heart of the Yorkshire Dales .
Broadwood Entrance , Ingleton , Carnforth LA6 3ET
Yorkshire Three Peaks Walk
The three peaks is a well-known walking route , and challenge , which features the peaks of Pen-y-ghent , Whernside and Ingleborough . These three peaks are part of the Pennine range and circle the head of River Ribble valley , located in the Yorkshire Dales National Park .
The challenge itself is usually completed in the order stated above and those taking part aim to complete in under 12 hours .
Cleveland Way National Trail , North Yorkshire
The 109 mile Cleveland way intertwines both moorland and breathtaking coastlines , offering spectacular views and the opportunity to see ancient castles , fishing towns and parts of Yorkshire you have n't explored before .
Meanwood Valley Trail , Leeds , West Yorkshire
The Meanwood Valley nature reserve runs between Meanwood , north of the city centre and continues in this direction into the more rural countryside surrounding Adel and Alwoodley .
Meanwood Valley trail is a superb way to explore the valley and runs from Woodhouse Moor , through the Meanwood Valley and then goes on to the Breary Marsh which lies next to Golden Acre park .
Great Northern Railway Trail , Bradford , West Yorkshire
Established in 2005 , the Great Northern Railway Trail is a cycle-way and footpath located Bradford , West Yorkshire .
The path follows the route of a former railway , this being the Great Northern railway line between Bradford and Keighley which used to go via Queensbury and Cullingworth , and allows you to walk , or cycle , through the West Yorkshire countryside .
Trans Pennine Trail , ( Yorkshire wide )
The Trans Pennine Trail is a long-distance route which passes through the Pennines , going alongside rivers and canals and through historic towns and cities in the North of England .
Yorkshire is part of this trail , with the route passing through places such as Leeds , York , Selby and Barnsley .
The Garforth to Woodlesford section in particular is a tranquil trail , as it goes from the small town of Garforth through lovely countryside , going past a nature reserve and an RSPB site , along a river and canal before ending at Woodlesford station .
Sheffield Round Walk , South Yorkshire
This 15-mile walk combines urban and rural as it takes you on a tour of the parks , countryside , woods , waterways and villages around Sheffield , doing so in a circular loop , hence its name .
From pretty suburbs to the southwestern edges of the city , this walk has it all and allows you to see what Sheffield 's nature scene has to offer .
Sheffield and Tinsley Canal Trail , Sheffield , South Yorkshire
This walking trail embraces all things canal related as it goes along the Sheffield and Tinsley canal , providing a perfect escape from the city .
You can walk from Victoria Quays to Meadhall , taking in Sheffield 's nature scene alongside exploring a side of the city you might not have seen before and embracing the city 's history .
Hudson Way Rail Trail , Beverley , East Yorkshire
This trail is a pleasant , easy walk along the track bed of the old railway , going from the centre of Market Weighton .
The rail track is just over a mile and a half long and you can return by the same route or via Goodmanham , which adds a further two miles to your walk . This route is also good for cyclists , especially those looking for a traffic-free option .
CredR , India 's most trusted used two-wheeler brand has announced the launch of its 9th Experience Centre in India . Started in association with Bansal Motors , this will be the company 's 4th Experience Store in the Delhi NCR belt .
With 3 Experience Centres present across Noida , Gurgaon and Sagarpur , an official launch of its latest Experience Centre is slated on 19th March 2018 in the Khanpur Market area . The experience centre will be inaugurated by Smt . Sarita Chaudhary , President , Beti Bachao Beti Padhao , New Delhi .
“ At CredR , we are constantly working towards offering value and enhanced experiences to our customers . Having observed a healthy demand for good quality used two-wheelers , we believe that an organised market is the need of the hour , '' said Founder & CEO , Nikhil Jain .
The CredR Experience Centre is a first-of-its-kind initiative in the used two-wheeler industry . From its origins as an online , used two-wheeler marketplace , CredR has gradually adopted an omni-channel approach , in order to be easily accessible to its audience in offline markets . Targeted at students , working professionals and bike lovers , CredR Experience Centres provide an elevated , showroom like experience for used bike consumers . The experience encompasses only 100 % certified used two-wheelers , thoroughly inspected by auto experts . These Experience Stores provide unmatched benefits such as 6 months comprehensive warranty and post-sales support to consumers along with the advantage of a transparent buying process and standardised pricing . “ CredR 's quality products , complemented by excellent service , have been instrumental in winning the trust of our consumers . With 100+ stores launches , planned in North India alone , CredR is poised to becoming the default choice for affordable used two-wheelers , ” added Zonal Head North India , Parveen Dangwal . These Experience Centres use proprietary technology and end-to-end support – starting from the discovery of the two-wheeler to after-sales support , in order to offer a seamless and avant-garde customer experience with lots of Industry 's First and Best features , built into the product .
CredR Experience Centre is the perfect place for those who are the aspiring brand enthusiasts and are looking to purchase from a brand that they can trust . Rishi Mehta , India Head , Franchise Development concludes , “ The company is planning to expand its Experience Centres through franchise partners , to the top 30 used two-wheeler markets across India , before the next financial year . ”
With tech integration and unmatched benefits , CredR has been successful in delivering a one-of-its-kind elevated buying experience . The positive consumer reviews , escalating store ratings and an 88 % Customer Satisfaction Score are the testament to its ability to deliver value to consumers and drive business for its partners .
Findlay dismissed suggestions that Monday 's loss is a reflection of Scheer 's leadership .
`` What I 've been hearing is they like Andrew ... People seem to enjoy his positive Conservative message and his approach , '' she said in a phone interview , adding that voters were concerned about `` the Ottawa Liberals ' higher taxes and low ethics . ''
She put the loss down to the fact that Prime Minister Trudeau called a `` snap byelection '' in the riding , before she 'd even been nominated as the candidate , which cost her a week of the five-week campaign .
`` I just think we did n't have enough time . ''
There was some solace for Scheer in the safe Tory riding of Battlefords-Lloydminster in Saskatchewan , where Conservative Rosemarie Falk captured 69.6 per cent of the vote — more than 55 points ahead of any of her competitors and an eight-point improvement over veteran Conservative MP Gerry Ritz , who had held the riding for 20 years before retiring last summer .
The NDP ran a distant second in the riding Monday , as it did in 2015 , scoring 13.2 per cent , just ahead of the Liberal , who took 10.4 per cent .
In Toronto 's Scarborough-Agincount , meanwhile , Liberal Jean Yip captured 49.4 per cent of the vote to hold the riding left vacant by the untimely death of her husband , Arnold Chan , in September . Conservative Dasong Zou took 40.5 per cent while the NDP contender took just five per cent .
Yip acknowledged her victory was `` somewhat bittersweet . ''
`` Every step of the campaign , I thought of ( Chan ) and I knew he would 've enjoyed it and sometimes I would turn around and I would want to ask him something and he 's not there , '' she said in an interview .
`` I think he would be so happy though , '' she added .
In Newfoundland and Labrador , fellow Liberal Churence Rogers easily retained Bonavista-Burin-Trinity , the safest Liberal seat in the country . The former head of the province 's federation of municipalities captured 69.2 per cent of the vote — 46 percentage points ahead of his nearest competitor , Conservative Mike Windsor .
Windsor , who ran in 2015 , nevertheless managed to double his share of the vote to 22.9 per cent , while the NDP candidate finished a distant third with less than five per cent .
As impressive as Roger 's margin of victory was , he did not meet the standard set by his popular Liberal predecessor , Judy Foote , who retired from cabinet and federal politics due to family health concerns . She won the strongest majority in the country during the 2015 election , taking a whopping 81.8 per cent of the vote .
Monday 's byelections mark the second electoral test for Scheer and newly-minted NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh .
Neither fared particularly well in their first test in October , when the Liberals scored a stunning upset over the Conservatives in the Quebec riding of Lac-Saint-Jean . The NDP , which had finished a close second in the riding in 2015 , wound up a distant fourth .
In all six byelections since Singh took the helm of the NDP in early October , the party has seen its share of the vote decline .
Of Monday 's outcomes , the result in Scarborough-Agincourt is likely the most worrying for New Democrats .
The riding has a predominant immigrant population , including a sizeable South Asian population — the kind of riding where the NDP hopes Singh can make inroads in the next federal election Moreover , Singh grew up in Scarborough .
Nevertheless , the party saw its share of the vote in the riding drop to about five per cent Monday , down three points from its already dismal showing in 2015 .
By Joan Bryden , The Canadian Press
Tax court dedesisyunan na kaso ni Mommy D Bandera
NAKATAKDA nang desisyunan ng Court of Tax Appeals ( CTA ) ang petisyon ng nanay ni Sen. Manny Pacquiao , na si Dionisia Pacquiao , matapos niyang kuwestiyunin ang tax assessment na isinagawa sa kanya ng Bureau of Internal Revenue ( BIR ) Region 18 . “ In view of the filing of petitioner 's Memorandum through registered mail on October 28 , 2016 and received by this Court on November 9 , 2016 and respondent 's ‘ Manifestation ' on September 26 , 2016 , adopting his Answer filed on August 3 , 2015 as his Memorandum in this case , let this case be considered submitted for decision , ” sabi ng Tax Court . Pumunta si Mommy Dionisia sa Tax Court matapos malamang iniimbestigahan siya ng BIR . Nagsimula ang imbestigasyon kay Mommy D noong 2013 sa kasagsagan naman ng P2.2 bilyong tax case laban sa anak na senador .
Recent Stories :
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets , netbooks and mobile phones ; 14-issue free trial . About to step out ? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone . Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467 , for Globe , Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines .
Disclaimer : The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera . We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards .
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines , call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here .
Francois Fillon , former French Prime Minister , member of the Republicans political party and 2017 presidential election candidate of the French centre-right , leaves his home in Paris , France March 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
PARIS Fake job allegations have harmed the campaign of conservative candidate Francois Fillon but the high number of undecided voters means he can still win France 's presidential election , close aide Henri de Castries said on Thursday .
Fillon , 63 , had been favourite to win the election being held over two rounds in April and May , until allegations surfaced in January that he paid his wife hundreds of thousands of euros in public money for little , if any , work as his parliamentary assistant .
Fillon , who has been placed under judicial investigation on suspicion of embezzling state funds , denies any wrongdoing and says it was a real job . But he has plunged far behind centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-rightist Marine Le Pen in opinion polls .
`` Of course it 's a handicap for his campaign , '' said de Castries , an HSBC board member and the former boss of insurer Axa , who is both a close friend of Fillon and an adviser in his campaign .
`` But everything is still to play for in this election , '' de Castries said . `` Despite this tsunami he still retains a solid base of about 20 percent ( in opinion polls ) . There is an extraordinarily high number of undecided voters , people who might hesitate to vote for him but do n't vote for the others . ''
Opinion polls forecast that Macron will win the election but show a record number of undecided voters - around 40 percent - that make the ballot unpredictable . Fillon won the centre-right primaries in November despite lagging in the polls for months beforehand .
`` He must keep winning back people who would naturally have voted for him but had a doubt , '' de Castries said in a joint interview with Reuters and a group of European newspapers .
If elected in May , Fillon would overhaul French labour , pension and tax laws within three months , to have the whole package approved before Germany 's parliamentary elections in September , said de Castries , who took part in drafting Fillon 's campaign manifesto and has been touted as a possible minister but has no official role in the campaign team .
The first prerequisite to consolidate the euro zone and convince Germany of the merit of pro-growth policies in Europe is for France to enact long-delayed reforms , he said .
`` France 's credibility in Germany is extremely weak today because it always promises reforms it does not enact ... Fillon would do those reforms in the first three months . ''
While analysts have cast doubt on Fillon 's capacity to push through deep spending cuts if elected because of the cloud cast by the scandal , de Castries brushed that argument aside , saying that Fillon was not one to bow down to street protests .
The only positive aspect of the scandal , he said , was that `` it has shown everybody that he is absolutely resilient and determined '' .
( Reporting by Ingrid Melander ; Editing by Mark Trevelyan )
Goldman Sachs raises $ 7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $ 7 billion for its new private equity fund , near the top of its targeted goal , according to two people familiar with the matter .
LISBON , Portugal — FC Porto beat Braga 3-1 to move back in front in the Portuguese league race on Saturday .
Porto remained unbeaten in all 20 rounds as it took a two-point lead over Sporting Lisbon and Benfica , which won 5-1 over Rio Ave .
Porto left back Alex Telles assisted on all three of his team 's goals .
Telles passed for Sergio Oliveira 's header before Raul Melo da Silva levelled for Braga .
LONDON , April 13 Facebook said on Thursday it is taking action against tens of thousands of fake accounts in France as the social network giant seeks to demonstrate it is doing more to halt the spread of spam as well as fake news , hoaxes and misinformation .
The Silicon Valley-based company is under intense pressure as governments across Europe threaten new laws unless Facebook moves quickly to remove extremist propaganda or other content illegal under existing regulation ( reut.rs/2oBwHEO ) .
Social media sites including Twitter , Google 's YouTube and Facebook also are under scrutiny for their potential to be used to manipulate voters in national elections set to take place in France and Germany in coming months .
In a blog post , Facebook said it was taking action against 30,000 fake accounts in France , deleting them in some , but not all , cases . It said its priority was to remove fake accounts with high volumes of posting activity and the biggest audiences .
`` We 've made improvements to recognise these inauthentic accounts more easily by identifying patterns of activity — without assessing the content itself , '' Shabnam Shaik , a Facebook security team manager , wrote in an official blog post .
For example , the company said it is using automated detection to identify repeated posting of the same content or an increase in messages sent by such profiles .
Also on Thursday , Facebook took out full-page ads in Germany 's best-selling newspapers to educate readers on how to spot fake news .
In April , the German cabinet approved proposed new laws to force social networks to play a greater role in combating online hate speech or face fines of up to 50 million euros ( $ 53 million ) . ( reut.rs/2oDqo6Z )
These actions by Facebook follow moves the company has taken in recent months to make it easier for users to report potential fraud amid criticism of the social network 's role in the spread of hoaxes and fake news during the U.S. presidential elections .
It has also begun working with outside fact-checking organisations to flag stories with disputed content , and removed financial incentives that help spammers to cash in by generating advertising revenue from clicks on false news stories . ( $ 1 = 0.9409 euros ) ( Reporting By Eric Auchard in London and Joseph Menn in San Francisco ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Tianjin Realty Development Group Co Ltd
* Says an investment development unit will buy properties and pay compensation of 1.7 billion yuan for land and demolition
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/UFGEKT
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
By Annie Reuter
Jennifer Lopez and her beau Alex Rodriguez spent some time in the Hamptons this weekend for the charity fundraiser , Apollo in the Hamptons , which raised money for the iconic Apollo Theatre in New York City .
Related : J-Lo and A-Rod Find ‘ LOVE ' in NYC
On hand was Justin Timberlake who performed a few songs for the A-listers in attendance including Alicia Keys , Jon Bon Jovi , Jamie Foxx , Matt Lauer , Howard Stern , Priyanka Chopra , Chris Rock , Christie Brinkley , Robert Downey Jr. , among others .
Timberlake performed a duet with Pharrell Williams and also sang solo for his hits including “ SexyBack , ” “ Rock Your Body , ” and “ My Love , ” reports Entertainment Tonight .
A-Rod posed with Timberlake and Lopez in a photo and praised the event . “ Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in # NYC . JT killed it ! , ” he captioned a photo on Instagram .
J-Lo and A-Rod have been spending a lot of time together in New York . The couple shared a recent “ Sunday Funday ” while posing with some of the city 's iconic artwork , including the famous LOVE sculpture by Robert Indiana .
Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in # NYC . JT killed it ! # Hamptons ( 📸 : @ kevinmazur ) A post shared by Alex Rodriguez ( @ arod ) on Aug 13 , 2017 at 5:49pm PDT
( Updates to add milestones , context )
BEIJING , April 23 China exported record volumes of diesel in March and boosted sales of gasoline and kerosene as refiners continued to turn to foreign markets to offload their excess product , while liquefied natural gas imports also jumped , customs data showed on Sunday .
Diesel exports jumped 53 percent to 1.91 million tonnes , data from the Chinese customs authority showed , outpacing the previous record of 1.78 million set in December .
Gasoline exports rose 25 percent in March compared with the same month a year earlier to 840,000 tonnes , but were down 21 percent from February .
Kerosene shipments abroad were 1.25 million tonnes , up 21.4 percent year-on-year and up 23 percent from February .
The high monthly shipments led to big increases in the first quarter and will reinforce concerns that China , one of the world 's top energy markets , is contributing to a fuel overhang as refiners churn out more products like gasoline and diesel than the market can absorb .
China became a net exporter of fuel products in late 2016 .
LNG imports totalled 1.99 million tonnes in the month , up 18 percent year-on-year but down 19.5 percent from February and the lowest monthly total since October last year .
That may reflect waning demand as temperatures rise , reducing the need for the fuel for heating . ( Reporting by Josephine Mason and Yawen Chen ; Editing by Paul Tait )
COLLEGE PARK , Md . — Blair Watson made six 3-pointers and scored a career-high 24 points , Brianna Fraser added 20 points , and No . 15 Maryland beat Loyola ( Maryland ) 114-45 on Monday night .
Maryland set a single-game program record with 37 assists — on 46 field goals . Channise Lewis led with 11 assists and Watson had five of her six in the first half .
Kaila Charles added 18 points and four assists for Maryland ( 10-2 ) , which shot 61 per cent and made 10 3-pointers . Stephanie Jones had 16 points and seven rebounds , Ieshia Small added 13 points , seven rebounds and five assists .
Charles scored eight points during a 13-0 second-quarter run for a 44-15 lead . It was 54-20 at halftime behind Watson 's 15 points and Charles ' 12 .
PARIS A new French franc would probably depreciate by up to 10 percent should France leave the euro , and banks would be asked to buy French bonds to prevent borrowing costs from spiralling out of control , Marine Le Pen 's economic adviser said on Wednesday .
The far-right presidential candidate 's plans to ditch the euro and hold a referendum on European Union membership have spooked many investors , who fear a `` Frexit '' after British voters opted last year to leave the EU .
Polls suggest Le Pen may make it to the second round of voting , in the presidential election , but then fall short .
Her economic adviser , Bernard Monot , said a depreciation of a new French currency would not have dire consequences and would help France regain competitiveness against the euro zone 's biggest economy Germany .
After the new franc is introduced at an exchange rate of one franc to the euro , currency `` adjustments '' would occur , he said :
`` Probably a depreciation of 5 to 10 percent of the French franc compared with the average rate of the euro zone , '' he told the French association of financial journalists , AJEF .
Seeking to reassure business leaders last month , Le Pen herself said that she did not expect the re-introduction of French francs to lead to a devaluation .
Monot said there would be no panic on financial markets and said there would be no need to introduce capital controls because French banks would be required to buy French sovereign bonds .
`` We will ask them to play the patriotic game , '' he said . `` In principle , there wo n't be any capital controls because we will use the banking system to refinance part of the debt . ''
Asked if French banks would have to be nationalised to force them to implement Le Pen 's monetary policy , Monot said : `` In principle , no , unless they ask for it . ''
Le Pen has also said that the Bank of France would be given a new mandate that would allow it to print money in order to finance state borrowing .
( Reporting by Michel Rose ; Editing by Leigh Thomas/Jeremy Gaunt )
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
By Radio.com Staff
Thomas Rhett 's new record will feature a duet with pop star Selena Gomez .
Related : Thomas Rhett and Wife Announce Double Baby Surprise
“ I took all of January and made album three , Rhett explains . “ We cut 22 songs , which is way too many songs , and I think the next few months is going to be singing all those , getting them all mixed and then trying to narrow down which ones are the keepers . ”
In addition to Gomez , the new album features an appearance by Rhett 's father Rhett Akins , and Maren Morris , his duet partner on his current single “ Craving You . ”
× Az . woman uses baseball bat to fight off pantless intruder
PHOENIX , Ariz — An Arizona woman is safe after she used a baseball bat to fight off a half-naked man who broke into her home , according to KTVK .
Timothy Valdez , 29 , has been charged with burglary , armed robbery , kidnapping and aggravated assault after he allegedly broke into an apartment and attacked a woman .
Simone Parker was home alone when she says a pantsless Valdez broke into her apartment and pulled out a knife , demanding clothes and money .
“ I gave him a green t-shirt , and he put the green shirt on , and I was looking for some pants , and I 'm like , ‘ Forget that , I 'm not going to get him no pants , I 'm going to get the bat . ' So , I got the bat and I went to hit him , ” she said .
Parker hit him on the back of the head and on his face , but he eventually overpowered her and struck her with the bat .
Valdez stole her purse and ran to another area of the apartment complex , but a neighbor and Parker 's son was able to restrain him until officers arrived to arrest him . He later admitted to police that he had been high on meth and did n't remember anything .
Valdez was taken to a local jail on a $ 125,000 bond .
`` I 'm not saying that they 're wrong to do this but I do n't understand their broader strategy and how this ultimately is going to deliver value back to the taxpayers above and beyond what we 're already getting because we still own a chunk of it . ''
Hydro One was partially privatized in November 2015 , and by December 2017 , the province had sold off 53 per cent of its stake .
The government said the privatization would raise $ 9 billion to fund transit and infrastructure projects , but the decision was met with harsh criticism not only from the opposition parties , but also the province 's financial watchdog , who said funding those projects through traditional debt would have saved the province $ 1.8 billion .
Faced with growing public anger , the Liberals offered provincewide rebates of 25 per cent on all electricity bills by extending the time to amortize the increases , which in the long run will end up costing more .
The Liberals have said Horwath 's hydro buy-back plan would use over $ 6.5 billion in money earmarked for health care , education and transit investments .
University of Waterloo professor Jatin Nathwani described the NDP proposal as putting Humpty Dumpty back together again .
`` To argue that somehow bringing it back under government control magically everything will be fine is an open question , '' he said in an interview .
The Liberals made a number of poor decisions over the past decade but the $ 50 billion in investments made under its watch have refurbished a system in need of repair , Nathwani added .
Partially privatizing Hydro One has generated lots of private capital required to upgrade the electrical system the provincial economy relies upon , added Adam Fremeth , associate professor of business , economics and public policy at Western University .
There 's a lot of managerial discipline that often comes from privately held , publicly traded corporations needing to respond to shareholders , he added .
Customer service and reliability has improved with improper billing decreased since the utility was partially privatized , said Fremeth .
A smarter move by the NDP would be just buying another four per cent of shares to gain majority control , which would require the renegotiation of the shareholder agreement , said Nathwani .
`` That 's probably a cheaper way and the optics may be right to say we are in control and allow the company to be run on semi-private principles to attract capital . ''
Czech central bank governor not betting on euro adoption in next decade
PRAGUE , June 14 The Czech Republic is unlikely to adopt the European Union 's common currency , the euro , in the next decade because it lacks the political will to make the change , central bank Governor Jiri Rusnok was quoted as saying on Wednesday .
TOKYO/SAN FRANCISCO Japan 's Toshiba Corp ( 6502.T ) has narrowed down the field of bidders for its chip unit to four suitors including Broadcom Ltd ( AVGO.O ) and Western Digital Corp ( WDC.O ) , two sources with knowledge of the matter said .
South Korea 's SK Hynix Inc ( 000660.KS ) and Taiwan 's Foxconn ( 2317.TW ) are the other bidders , they said , adding that Broadcom has partnered with U.S. private equity firm Silver Lake Partners LP .
The sources declined to be identified as they were not authorized to speak on the matter publicly .
There were about 10 bidders in the first round of offers , sources have said previously .
Toshiba has said it needs to sell most or all of the prized business to cover charges related to U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse Electric that threaten the Japanese conglomerate 's future .
( Reporting by Taro Fuse in TOKYO and Liana B. Baker in SAN FRANCISCO ; Writing by Tim Kelly ; Editing by Edwina Gibbs )
Will Harasym will join Isabella Mendoca at nationals in Lethbridge this summer
A second Revelstoke trampolinist has qualified for nationals .
Revelstoke Acrobats ' Will Harasym qualified at the 2018 KGTC Invitational Trampoline Gymnastics BC Provincial Cup in Kamloops last weekend . He took home bronze in trampoline and double mini .
Harasym will join Isabella Mendoca at nationals in Lethbridge , Alta . this July .
Harasym was n't the only acrobat to do well . All 12 local athletes who competed finished in the top 10 .
Head Coach Jill Drake said the team had a “ super exciting competition . ”
RELATED : Revelstoke Acrobats hold open house
“ Beyond our medal count we also had an outstanding number of personal bests and first attempts , which as a coach , were my proudest moments over the weekend , ” she said . “ Special mention to Ava Lund and Ruby Ryga for outstanding personal performances . ”
RELATED : Revelstoke Acrobats flip onto podium at first event of the season
The team 's top performances were : Charley Hill , gold in trampoline ; Madeleine Hobgood , silver in trampoline ; Sam Larson , gold in trampoline and double mini ; Kaya Sproule , silver in double mini ; Kayln Gale , bronze in trampoline ; Will Harasym , bronze in trampoline and double mini .
In three weeks , the athletes will be back on the competition floor , as 17 locals head to provincials in Coquitlam .
@ marissatiel
marissa.tiel @ revelstokereview.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
March 29 Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc -
* Vanda and UCSF announce license agreement for CFTR activators and inhibitors
* Under terms of deal , vanda will pay UCSF an initial license fee of $ 1 million and will be responsible for all development costs
* In 2017 intends to complete technology transfer activities from UCSF , initiate ind enabling studies for several CFTR indications
* To acquire exclusive worldwide license from UCSF to develop , commercialize portfolio of cftr activators , inhibitors Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
A major road in and out of Horsham has been blocked following a two-car crash close to a pub .
Emergency services are currently attending the collision on the B2237 Worthing Road at the junction with Tower Hill , outside the Boars Head pub .
A spokesman for the fire service said no-one was believed to be trapped in the vehicles but fuel has spilt onto the road .
Crews are working to make the scene safe and the road has been blocked .
Delays are being reported .
After almost 40 years and 4,000 shows , Joe Keithley is still fighting the good fight against injustice .
The lead singer , guitarist , and sole remaining founding member of Vancouver punk icons D.O.A . will lead `` the godfathers of hardcore '' into The Boathouse in Kitchener Oct. 11 on the group 's `` Fight Back Tour , '' which the band 's Sudden Death Records website says is inspired by opposition to Donald Trump and `` the forces of evil '' who use racism as a political tool .
`` Forces of evil are always a good thing to fight back against , and Donald Trump happens to be one of the personifications of that at the moment , '' said the 61-year-old Keithley on the line from B.C . `` The reason why we 're doing that is because you have various leaders around the world , or so-called leaders , like Trump and many other countries in Europe or in Turkey and a lot of other places around the world , they 're using racism as a phobia to further their causes , and we think that it 's time for people with common sense to fight back against that . ''
Formed in Vancouver in 1978 by Keithley , bassist Randy Rampage , and drummer Chuck Biscuits ( Black Flag , Danzig ) , D.O.A . has since released 16 studio albums amid numerous lineup changes , and their substantial punk rock legacy includes coining the term `` hardcore '' on their second release , `` Hardcore '81 . '' The band — now featuring Mike Hodsall ( bass ) and Paddy Duddy ( drums ) alongside Keithley — are planning a new album to mark their 40th anniversary next year . Recent global events have given Keithley no shortage of material to write about .
`` There 's a lot of fodder for writing songs , it 's happening week by week around our world . The world 's getting obviously more complicated and a more turbulent place , so that 's giving me lots of ideas about songs , '' he said .
The group is also planning an 18-month world tour to celebrate their anniversary , covering North America , Europe , Southeast Asia , and Japan . Keithley , who studied to become a civil rights lawyer before forming D.O.A. , said the group 's tours of countries with repressive regimes in Europe in the '80s and more recent tours like their shows in China this summer , have shown how music can be a vehicle for freedom of expression in countries where basic human rights are not a given .
`` Artists will always find a way to put out what 's going on . You have to be artistic ; otherwise you end up being arrested , so it 's kind of a skill like that . There are lots of bands in China that are like that — they do n't love the system , it 's obvious . They 're freethinking people that want to live their lives , just like anybody else in the rest of the world . It 's pretty fascinating that , as much as the world is dissimilar , it can be pretty similar in places . People want to have rights and they want to have their say . ''
One of the band 's slogans is `` Talk Minus Action Equals Zero , '' a phrase that is the title of both their 2010 studio album and a 1991 live album . Besides the countless benefit concerts the band has played , Keithley has also taken political action by running as a candidate for the Green Party in B.C . a number of times , most recently in this year 's provincial election , where he placed third in the riding of Burnaby-Lougheed .
`` I guess I 've kind of been an informal politician in a sense my whole time in D.O.A . You know , D.O.A . 's given me a pretty good soapbox to get up and yell and scream and sing about what we think is wrong , '' he said . `` But in trying to enter formal politics , I guess it 'd be a way if I did get elected that I 'd be trying to change things from the inside not the outside . ''
When asked what keeps him going after almost four decades of punk rock activism , Keithley points to the band 's live show and relationship with their audience as primary factors .
March 29 Seabridge Gold Inc
* Seabridge Gold announces $ 14.3 million bought deal offering of common shares and a concurrent $ 20.0 million bought deal offering of flow-through shares
* Seabridge Gold Inc - Underwriters have agreed to purchase , on a bought deal basis , one million common shares at a price of $ 14.30 per common shar
* Seabridge Gold - Intends to use net proceeds from offering to continue to advance company 's KSM and Iskut projects and for general corporate purposes
* Seabridge Gold- Underwriters agreed to purchase , on bought deal private placement basis,1 million flow-through shares at price of $ 20.00/flow-through share
* Seabridge Gold - Gross proceeds from flow-through share offering to be used to fund 2017 exploration program at co 's KSM and Iskut projects in Canada Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
And so , we arrive at the game . Well , not all of us . Super Bowl week is an exhausting thing to endure in person even when you are not trapped in the Mall of America in Minnesota for a week in the winter , and this correspondent felt if he was going to be put in a situation that could be so stressful and desperate that he might contemplate eating another sports reporter , he would prefer that happen at the Winter Olympics in South Korea , rather than in front of an Orange Julius . Cannibalism , as a rule , is less noticeable in a completely different time zone .
But hey , a Super Bowl week in a mall , finally . Two American traditions , only one of which is definitely dying .
Speaking of traditions , it 's the New England Patriots at the Super Bowl ! This is No . 8 since 2002 , or every second year or so , just like the Olympics ! This year 's Patriots have been slightly tweaked from last season : this time Rob Gronkowski is trying to come back from a concussion , rather than out of the game entirely . Also , this year 's Patriots played Marcus Mariota and Blake Bortles en route to the Super Bowl , rather than Brock Osweiler and Ben Roethlisberger . Strangely , this year was the tougher road .
But we are running out of things to say about the Patriots , so it 's been a slow Super Bowl week . There was the Philly columnist who wrote maybe it was no coincidence they employed a murderer in Aaron Hernandez . There was something about Brady getting mad at the Boston radio station he appears on , because he has apparently never listened to Boston sports radio . Apparently , Brady 's 11-year-old son also kissed his dad on the lips one time ? Which is OK !
There was . . . well , the most high-profile concussion talk all week that did n't include Gronkowski came when halftime act Justin Timberlake said of his 3-year-old son , “ Uh , he will never play football . No , no . ”
Oh , and Roger Goodell continued to refine his audio delivery system , speaking to the media as blandly as possible on a Wednesday afternoon away from the media centre in order to maximize his minimization . He used to do this on Fridays , and it was a showcase thing : now Goodell is all but hidden in the middle of the week , like NFL Play 60 Kids Day at Super Bowl Experience . Maybe it 's working . He 's no longer saying that while football is dangerous , sitting on your couch can also be dangerous . Big improvement there .
So , to the point : Can the game be great ? The Patriots have a long history of great Super Bowls , and the Seattle and Atlanta versions were two of the best football games you 'll ever see . For all their looming historic greatness , all the games are coin-flip jobs ; the first three wins by three points each , the losses to the Giants by three and four points , the comeback against Seattle for a four-point win , and coming back from 28-3 down to beat Atlanta in overtime . It 's always close .
And this game should be close ! The Eagles have a defence and skill players and a creative coach in Doug Pederson . The Eagles are really good .
And it 's still probably going to come down to Nick Foles , Hope of America . He is a 29-year-old with 42 career starts who considered quitting a couple years ago , and came back because he prayed to God , and he would not matter if Philly 's MVP-level starter , Carson Wentz , had not blown out his knee in week 14 .
Which , well . Foles looked awful this season until the NFC championship game , where he ripped apart one of the two best defences in football . The Eagles were already up 24-7 on Minnesota , which held opposing passers to a 73.0 rating this year , when the Eagles decided to run a flea flicker , and Foles gunned a perfect 41-yarder to Torrey Smith . It was a pure kill shot , the kind of thing Brady would have done back when he had Randy Moss to throw to .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Police have issued a statement appealing for witnesses to the serious road traffic collision on the Crumlin Road yesterday evening .
`` Superintendent Muir Clark said : 'While I would like to thank those witnesses who have already come forward , I appeal to anyone who has any information about this collision , or who may have seen the distinctive Black Audi a1 car , registration number GD18SJU , between the time it was reported stolen from Thirlmere Gardens in North Belfast at 2.30am Sunday 1 July through to 6.55pm on Tuesday 3 July , to contact police on the non-emergency number 101 , quoting reference 1442 3/07/18 . '
Car involved in bad crash in Ardoyne
He added : “ I can confirm that following a number of reports about the black Audi being driven erratically in the North Belfast area yesterday evening , police patrols were alerted to search for the vehicle .
`` Specially trained police officers subsequently located the stolen car .
`` The car failed to stop , made off and police initiated a pursuit . The car crashed a short time later .
“ As is normal practice , The Police Ombudsman 's Office have been notified and are currently investigating the circumstances leading up to the collision therefore it would be inappropriate to comment further pending the outcome of that investigation . ”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 2-Goldman Sachs raises $ 7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $ 7 billion for its new private equity fund , near the top of its targeted goal , according to two people familiar with the matter .
VANCOUVER — A sometimes bruising leadership campaign ends today in Vancouver for British Columbia 's Liberals as they elect a new leader who will be tasked with returning the party to power after a 16 year term in office that ended last summer .
An estimated 60,000 party members were eligible to vote online and by phone to replace Christy Clark , who resigned after the New Democrats formed a minority government with the support of the Green party following a non-confidence vote that brought down the Liberals .
The field of six candidates includes three veterans with deep cabinet experience , two former big city mayors and a first-time member of the legislature from Metro Vancouver .
Mike de Jong , Andrew Wilkinson and Todd Stone were longtime members of Clark 's cabinet .
Sam Sullivan , a former Vancouver mayor , was appointed to cabinet in the dying days of Clark 's government last summer .
The field also includes Michael Lee , a Vancouver lawyer who was elected to the legislature last spring , and Dianne Watts , a former Conservative MP and one-time mayor of Surrey .
The B.C . Liberal Party is not affiliated with the federal Liberals . It describes itself as `` a made-in-B.C . free enterprise coalition '' that includes members of the federal Conservative and Liberal parties .
Getting the party back to power after a lacklustre election campaign last May has been a focus of the leadership campaign .
There has been finger-pointing in debates over who was to blame for the Liberal downfall , despite B.C . boasting the strongest economy in Canada .
Some candidates criticized the party 's old guard for failing to address transportation , housing and social policy issues that led to losses in seat-rich Metro Vancouver , once a Liberal stronghold .
FILE PHOTO : Iranian senior cleric Ebrahim Raisis gestures as he meets grand clerics in the holy city of Qom , Iran , in this handout photo believed to be taken in April 2016 . Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS/File Photo
BEIRUT An influential Iranian clerical body on Tuesday threw its support behind presidential candidate Ebrahim Raisi , giving him a boost before the country 's election on May 19 .
Raisi , a hard-line cleric who served for years on Iran 's judiciary , is considered the main rival to President Hassan Rouhani , a pragmatist who is running for reelection .
Four other candidates have also entered the race , including Tehran Mayor Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf and Vice President Ishaq Jahangiri .
The clerical association , commonly referred to as Jame Modarresin in Farsi , is a group of seminary teachers from the holy city of Qom and has a number of high-profile hard-line clerics among its members .
A statement posted on the group 's website Tuesday said that extensive discussions had taken place and that Raisi was chosen as the `` best candidate . ''
Rouhani has pointed to the agreement signed with Western powers in 2015 , which lifted a number of sanctions in exchange for curbs on the country 's nuclear program , as his signature achievement . In particular , he says the deal gives Western companies an opening , which should improve the economy - a position that is anathema .
Raisi , who is thought to be the candidate favoured by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , has blasted Rouhani 's economic record in recent speeches and said that the country does not need foreign help .
Khamenei , the highest authority in Iran , has also criticized the Rouhani government 's economic performance and called for more attention to be paid to unemployment .
About 3.2 million Iranians are jobless out of a total population of 80 million .
Last year , Khamenei appointed Raisi as the head of a multi-billion dollar religious foundation , and some observers say Raisi is possibly being groomed as the next Supreme Leader .
( Reporting By Babak Dehghanpisheh , editing by Larry King )
State to halt road construction projects for July 4 holiday
ALBANY , N.Y. ( AP ) — New York state will temporarily halt work on highway construction projects to ease traffic associated with the July 4 holiday .
Democratic Gov . Andrew Cuomo announced the move on Tuesday . The work suspensions will run through Wednesday and Thursday , with work resuming on Friday .
The work stoppage means construction-related lane closures will be temporarily eliminated on highways and bridges , reducing the risk of traffic bottlenecks during the busy holiday .
The suspension wo n't apply to emergency repairs , or some ongoing construction taking place behind concrete barriers .
AAA reports that a record-breaking 46.9 million Americans are expected to travel 50 miles or more during the holiday .
( Adds letter from MTA to Amtrak )
By Laila Kearney and Hilary Russ
NEW YORK , April 6 New Jersey Governor Chris Christie has ordered the state to halt all payments to Amtrak and called for an investigation of the national rail operator 's maintenance of tracks and other equipment after the derailment of an NJ Transit train this week .
A slow-moving NJ Transit train left the rails during rush hour at New York City 's Penn Station on Monday , the second derailment involving Amtrak-maintained tracks at the busy Midtown Manhattan hub in fewer than two weeks .
The seemingly minor incident led to a track reassignment at the station , forcing NJ Transit and the Long Island Rail Road to limit service on their networks and creating chaos for commuters in the country 's largest city .
`` These incidents raise serious questions about the condition of tracks and other assets maintained by Amtrak , '' Christie wrote in a letter sent to Amtrak late on Wednesday and made public by the governor 's office on Thursday .
Amtrak is responsible for maintaining tracks and other railroad infrastructure on the Northeast Corridor , which runs through New York Penn Station en route to New Jersey and points south .
NJ Transit , the state 's public transportation system , pays Amtrak $ 2.5 million to $ 5 million each month to cover operating expenses . Last week , it made a $ 62 million payment for capital investments in the Northeast Corridor .
Christie said NJ Transit would cease the payments until an independent examination of Amtrak 's equipment along the corridor has been conducted and shows it is in good condition .
The governor also threatened to take legal action to recover the $ 62 million and other past payments New Jersey has made to Amtrak .
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo , who has been pushing plans to modernize Penn Station , an outdated labyrinthine hub in the heart of New York City , has not publicly commented about the derailments .
But the two top officials of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority , whose 230,000 daily passengers on the Long Island Railroad also have endured delays because of the recent mishaps , complained vigorously and requested a meeting with Amtrak .
`` The increasing frequency of these failures leaves the clear impression that Amtrak is not aggressively maintaining its tracks , switches and related equipment at Penn Station and that repairs have not happened as swiftly as needed , '' said MTA Acting Chairman Fernando Ferrer and Interim Executive Director Veronique Hakim in a letter to Amtrak dated Wednesday .
At a press conference on Thursday at Penn Station , Amtrak Chief Executive Officer Wick Moorman offered few details about the impact on the lost payments from NJ Transit .
`` I understand the governor is upset , and he has a right to be , '' Moorman said . He added : `` Withholding funding is not going to solve any problems . ''
Moorman said he expects service to be fully restored at Penn Station by Friday morning .
NJ Transit , which was also recently under federal review , is struggling with its own safety concerns .
From January 2007 through June 2016 , it ranked second to Amtrak for the most train accident reports nationwide for commuter railroads .
Penn Station , which is used by 600,000 commuter rail and Amtrak passengers daily , has been hampered by a limited number of tracks and a century-old tunnel , heavily damaged during 2012 's Superstorm Sandy , that acts as a main pathway to the station .
Amtrak 's $ 24 billion Gateway plan to build a new train tunnel under the Hudson River and repair the existing tunnel , is considered one of the most important infrastructure projects in the nation .
Christie canceled a new Hudson River tunnel project for which ground had already been broken soon after he took office in 2010 , saying the cost was too high . ( Additional reporting by Peter Szekely Editing by Daniel Wallis and James Dalgleish )
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
BEVERLY HILLS May 3 After years of discord with a prominent hedge-fund manager , a federal investigation and bad publicity , Herbalife Ltd Chief Executive Michael Johnson is taking a victory lap .
At the Milken Institute Global Conference this week , Johnson touted the wares of his nutritional supplement maker , offering free shakes and protein bars to billionaires , and painted Herbalife not as a company that narrowly avoided being classified a pyramid scheme , but as part of the solution to an obesity epidemic .
`` Our company has been under scrutiny but we are a nutrition company , '' Johnson said on a panel called `` Leading a Healthy Life . ''
`` We are in a real mess because people do n't take care of themselves , '' he added . `` Our company helps with that . That 's my advertisement . ''
The conference , which Herbalife co-sponsored this year , gathers influential people from around the world to discuss solutions for problems with technology , health , education , finance and public policy , among other things .
Johnson 's stance on stage and around the event was markedly different than the defensive one he had to maintain for much of the past five years .
In December 2012 , hedge-fund manager William Ackman unveiled a $ 1 billion bet against Herbalife in a withering , hours-long presentation . He painted the company as a crooked enterprise that preys on low-income and minority communities , pretending salespeople can get rich by selling Herbalife , but really bleeding most of them dry financially .
Ackman has accused the company of being an illegal pyramid scheme numerous times , and even starred in a recent documentary about Herbalife called `` Betting on Zero '' to explain his position . But as it stands , he is losing out .
The U.S. Federal Trade Commission probed the matter , and eventually reached a settlement with Herbalife . It involved financial penalties and requirements that the company reform some of its business practices , but fell short of supporting Ackman 's claims .
Meanwhile , Ackman 's Wall Street rival , hedge-fund manager Carl Icahn , has profited handsomely by taking the other side of the bet . He began buying Herbalife shares in 2013 while extolling the company and challenging Ackman in television interviews . He has since become Herbalife 's top shareholder .
The high-profile battle sent the company 's stock price on a wild ride . It hit a low of $ 24.24 after Ackman 's 2012 presentation , but soared with Icahn 's support and after the FTC settlement was announced . It closed at $ 62.46 on Wednesday .
The Herbalife bet was a big loss for Ackman 's hedge-fund firm , Pershing Square Capital Management .
The stock would have to fall into the low $ 30-range to become profitable for Pershing , which suffered double-digit losses in 2015 and 2016 partly due to the position . Herbalife cost Ackman more in the first quarter of this year , though his main fund swung to gains last month and is now up 1.9 percent year-to-date .
For Johnson , the outcome has been nothing short of a personal victory , and his demeanor at the event showed it . He plans to retire in less than a month , having built a small fortune at the helm of Herbalife for more than a decade .
`` There was all this news agitated by a short seller , '' he said on the panel . `` Fake news . ''
By day at the event , Johnson spoke of Herbalife in altruistic terms , saying its nutrition clubs are a place where people can not only buy its nutritious shakes and treats , but find camaraderie with others . At night , he mingled with jetsetters at the exclusive Peninsula Beverly Hills hotel .
Outside of the pavilion where Johnson was speaking , guests were treated to free Herbalife shakes and protein bars . There were some murmurs from some at the venue about Herbalife issuing a voluntary recall for the peanut butter version of the snacks on Tuesday , due to trace amounts of undeclared fish allergen .
One conference attendee sipping a banana-flavored shake joked about its less-than-appetizing appearance : `` Yeah , I know I 'm taking risks here . But I 'm into high risk . ''
Although the conference featured some of the most powerful global hedge fund managers , Ackman was noticeably absent . Pershing Square launched an investment fund on the London Stock Exchange this week , so he was in London . ( Reporting by Svea Herbst-Bayliss in Beverly Hills , Calif. ; Additional reporting by Lawrence Delevingne ; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra , Bernard Orr )
April 6 Pareteum Corp :
* On March 31 , co 's unit , others entered into formal amendment to amended and restated agreement of agreement dated November 17 , 2014
* Pursuant to amendment , maturity date of credit agreement was extended to Dec 31 , 2018 , amortization schedule was amended - SEC Filing Source text : ( bit.ly/2p5ZktV ) Further company coverage :
By Urvashi Goenka March 30 Vietnam shares hit their highest close in more than nine years on Thursday with consumer staples leading the gains , while other Southeast Asian markets moved sideways in the absence of market-moving macroeconomic triggers . MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.1 percent . `` Broadly I think it 's more of a mixed sentiment between profit-taking and what kind of next upside catalyst do we have , '' said Taye Shim , head of research at Jakarta-based Mirae Asset Sekuritas . Vietnam shares rose 0.5 percent to their highest close since February 2008 and have gained 8.9 percent so far this year . Seafood processor Nam Viet Corp rose 16.4 percent , while Vietnam Dairy Products JSC gained 1.6 percent . Thai shares closed 0.3 percent higher , helped by gains in material and real estate stocks . CIMB Thai Bank Pcl rose 4.4 percent , while Origin Property Pcl jumped 13.4 percent . Philippine shares edged up with industrials and consumer discretionary stocks accounting for most of the gains . Aboitiz Equity Ventures Inc gained 0.2 percent , while Jollibee Foods Corp rose 3.5 percent . Singapore shares fell 0.4 percent , hurt by losses in industrial and real estate stocks , with Jardine Cycle & Carriage and CapitaLand Ltd shedding 1.1 percent and 1.4 percent , respectively . Both stocks were among the worst performers on the index . Malaysian shares edged lower than consumer discretionary financials lost ground . Resorts operator Genting Malaysia Bhd fell 2.6 percent , while Malayan Banking Bhd dropped 0.6 percent . Indonesian shares closed flat after hitting a record high in the previous session . For Asian Companies click ; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS : Change on the day Market Current previous Pct Move close Singapore 3173.24 3184.57 -0.36 Bangkok 1579.88 1574.97 0.31 Manila 7332.59 7324 0.12 Jakarta 5592.952 5592.51 0.01 Kuala Lumpur 1749.25 1750.41 -0.07 Ho Chi Minh 723.86 720.47 0.47 Change on year Market Current End prev yr Pct Move Singapore 3173.24 2880.76 10.15 Bangkok 1579.88 1542.94 2.39 Manila 7332.59 6840.64 7.19 Jakarta 5592.952 5296.711 5.59 Kuala Lumpur 1749.25 1641.73 6.55 Ho Chi Minh 723.86 664.87 8.87 ( Reporting by Urvashi Goenka in Bengaluru ; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu )
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN , June 15 The Swiss National Bank ( SNB ) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy .
I just love how the mouth-coating texture and full-bodied weight of rich reds and creamy whites taste at this time of year .
They pair well with mainstay winter dishes such as braised meats , rich pastas and bean stews . The right bottle is the perfect excuse for a great night in . So here are five such bottles priced at under $ 40 — less than the cost of a night out for two at the movies .
2016 Mitolo The Nessus Shiraz , McLaren Vale , Australia ( Vintages 457291 $ 17.95 in stores only )
Hitting shelves in Ontario on Feb. 3 , this stunning Shiraz starts with warm aromas of stewed plums and dark chocolate before swathing the palate with a deeply plush , velvety richness imbued with flavours of macerated dark berries , ripe damson and bittersweet chocolate . Allusions of tar , black olive and black pepper underpin that generous chocolate-berry core and taper to a final tug on the finish . Full-bodied deliciousness that tastes like it was made for pouring on brisk winter days — maybe with roast beef . Score : 94
2015 Sonoma-Cutrer Russian River Ranches Chardonnay , California ( Vintages Essential 608653 $ 27.95 in stores and online )
If you like lemon meringue pie , you 'll love this gorgeous white wine . Tantalizing scents of lemon zest and toasted meringue lead to a smooth , creamy lick of bright lemon custard edged with freshly baked butter pastry that tastes luxe and polished . The finish is long , slow and ends with a final twist of lemon oil . This classic and toasty style of wooded Chardonnay is the perfect pour for a cosy night in with cheese fondue or raclette . Score : 90
2013 Negrar Amarone della Valpolicella Classico DOCG , Veneto , Italy ( LCBO 44784 $ 37.10 in stores and online )
Made from partially dried grapes , Amarone is always big and muscular , often hedonistic , and a bit special because it costs a bit more to produce and to buy . But when it 's good , it 's marvellous — especially on a mid-winter day when Jack Frost has been nipping at your nose . This bottle is a very fine example with its aromas of black cherries , warm figs and tobacco ; silky smooth entry ; and mouth-filling thunderclap hit of dried plum , black cherries and figs edged with warm dates , espresso , tobacco , freshly turned earth and more . It 's a powerhouse of flavour worthy of beef tenderloin . Score : 92+
2015 J. Lohr Los Osos Merlot , Paso Robles , California ( Vintages Essential 27516 $ 22.95 in stores and online )
Do you like perfectly ripe cherries dipped in really good , melting milk chocolate ? If so , taste this wine . None of that shock of searing acidity or gum-drying grip of a tough tannin you might find in other styles of red , just one big swirl of plush goodness imbued with bone dry flavours of cherry , chocolate , vanilla and cream to warm up any winter night . Goes beautifully with spice-rubbed , oven roasted chicken . Score : 89
( Updates prices , adds news from Mexico and Argentina ) By Bruno Federowski São Paulo , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Latin American markets retreated on Friday after data showing U.S. job growth surged in January and wages increased , lifting expectations of faster U.S. interest rate hikes , which could dampen demand for risky emerging market assets . The robust employment report bolstered expectations of price pressures that could drive U.S. inflation back toward the official target . It underscored strong momentum in the economy , raising the possibility that the Federal Reserve could be a bit more aggressive in raising interest rates this year . The U.S. central bank has forecast three rate increases this year after raising borrowing costs three times in 2017 . Higher U.S. rates could lessen demand for risky assets , which typically offer higher yields . That perception drove widespread profit-taking on emerging markets , which had undergone a sharp rally in the first month of the year . The currencies of Brazil , Mexico and Colombia fell between 0.13 percent and 1.59 percent . Also curbing demand for Brazilian assets were concerns over an unpopular bill cutting social security spending , which investors see as key to fueling long-term economic growth . `` Local caution adds to risk aversion worldwide , bumping the dollar up against the Brazilian real , '' Spinelli brokerage trader José Amado said . Along with Argentina and Colombia , Brazil 's benchmark Bovespa stock index led the losses among Latin American stock markets , weighed down by blue-chips such as lender Itaú Unibanco Holding SA and Banco Bradesco SA and miner Vale SA . Shares in Argentine power company Central Puerto SA CEPU.BA fell as much as 24 percent on the Buenos Aires stock exchange on Friday after the company 's U.S. initial public offering priced below expectations . In Mexico , the central bank is expected to raise interest rates next week to a nine-year high in order to contain worries that inflation may not cool as fast as expected amid concerns the country 's peso could be battered again this year . Banco de Mexico is expected to hike its key rate by 25 basis points to 7.50 percent , a level not seen since February 2009 , according to 17 of 20 and analysts polled by Reuters . The move would follow a quarter-point hike in December . Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 2158 GMT : Stock indexes The Latest daily % change YTD % change MSCI Emerging 1230.83 -1.43 6.25 Markets MSCI LatAm 3139.05 -2.73 10.99 Brazil Bovespa 84041.34 -1.7 10.00 Mexico IPC 50395.83 -0.39 2.11 Chile IPSA 5825.99 -0.62 4.70 Chile IGPA 29293.29 -0.58 4.69 Argentina MerVal 32614.77 -5.85 8.48 Colombia IGBC 12145.72 -1.44 6.82 Venezuela IBC 2827.56 -11.29 123.85 Currencies The Latest daily % change YTD % change Brazil real 3.2180 -0.13 2.96 Mexico peso 18.5975 -1.34 5.92 Chile peso 602.63 0.00 1.99 Colombia peso 2839 -1.59 5.04 Peru sol 3.218 0.00 0.59 Argentina peso 19.4700 -0.46 -4.47 ( interbank ) Argentina peso 19.87 0.30 -3.22 ( parallel ) ( Reporting by Bruno Federowski ; Editing by Susan Thomas and Tom Brown )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
March 28 Iris Corporation Bhd
* Refers to ICB 's announcement in relation to a suit , ICB clarifies that it does not foresee any estimated potential liability will be arisen from the suit
* ICB is of the opinion that the plaintiff 's action in filing the suit is vexatious and frivolous
* ICB is not expected to incur losses arising from the suit
* `` There is no financial and operational impact arising from the suit as plaintiff has never secured any contract in favour of ICB '' Source text ( bit.ly/2mLGN9y ) Further company coverage :
From the Washington Post :
International reaction to the ethnic cleansing campaign carried out by the Burmese military against the country 's Muslim Rohingya minority gathered some momentum this past week . On Tuesday , the United Nations Human Rights Council passed a resolution condemning Myanmar , also known as Burma , for the `` very likely commission of crimes against humanity . '' The next day , the U.S. House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed a resolution demanding an end to the military 's attacks and the restoration of humanitarian access to Rakhine state , from which more than 625,000 people have been driven since late August .
Unfortunately , there is not much evidence the pressure is having an effect on Myanmar 's generals or even the civilian government under once-revered Nobel peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi . By most accounts , Burmese society is united to an extraordinary degree in its contempt for the Rohingya , a long-despised community , and in its rejection of international criticism . Far from being willing to investigate reports of systematic brutality — murders of children , gang rapes , the torching of scores of villages — the military is insisting that its troops are innocent of any offence .
Rather than speak out or pressure the generals , Aung San Suu Kyi has been telling Western officials they are only endangering Myanmar 's nascent democracy by protesting what the UN human rights chief has called `` elements of genocide . '' On Dec. 1 , she followed a Burmese army chief in travelling to Beijing for a meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping , whose regime has predictably opposed any UN criticism or action on Myanmar .
These hard realities mean that the United Nations and Western governments must begin to focus on improving conditions for the hundreds of thousands of Rohingya in Bangladesh , who are likely to remain there for the foreseeable future and who face grave humanitarian risks — such as an incipientdiphtheria epidemic . Their temporary settlements — which have quickly become one of the largest refugee camps in the world — could become a recruiting ground for extremists if they are not well managed and secured .
At the same time , Western governments must not allow the intransigence of the Burmese elite to deter the pursuit of justice for the Rohingya , including prosecution of those responsible for the ethnic cleansing . Allowing crimes against humanity to go unpunished is an invitation for more and worse atrocities .
A worker shelters from the rain under a Union Flag umbrella as he passes the London Stock Exchange in London , Britain , October 1 , 2008 . REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
LONDON Britain 's top share index rose on Tuesday , with well-received results from heavyweight BP ( BP.L ) helping to underpin gains in a positive start to the first trading day of the month .
The blue chip FTSE 100 .FTSE index ended up 0.6 percent at 7,250.05 points , in line with a broadly positive European market .
Oil major BP ( BP.L ) was among standout performers , its shares up 1.6 percent after its profit nearly tripled in the first quarter of 2017 .
Higher oil prices and production helped BP report a first-quarter underlying replacement cost profit , the company 's definition of net income , of $ 1.51 billion , beating analysts ' average forecast of $ 1.26 billion .
`` The broader theme is that BP is looking in better shape because of the higher oil price , and while oil prices hold their ground , BP alongside with all of the other oil companies are going to benefit , '' Jasper Lawler , senior market analyst at London Capital Group , said .
`` Part of the attraction with BP is that they started the cost cutting before some of the big oil majors because of Deepwater ( Horizon ) , but now as the oil price does continue to hold up , maybe you do n't necessarily want as much cost cutting anymore , you want to start expanding , '' Lawler added , referring to BP 's deadly Gulf of Mexico oil spill in 2010 .
Precious metals miners were on the backfoot , however , with both Fresnillo ( FRES.L ) and Randgold Resources ( RRS.L ) dropping more than 2 percent after the price of gold , considered a safe- haven asset , held near three-week lows as equities rallied and the dollar gained [ GOL ] .
Banking stocks Barclays ( BARC.L ) and Standard Chartered ( STAN.L ) were also weaker , as were miners Glencore ( GLEN.L ) and Anglo American ( AAL.L ) .
Outside the blue chips , online supermarket Ocado ( OCDO.L ) jumped 4.8 percent after a media report said that the company was exploring a delivery tie-up with Marks & Spencer ( MKS.L ) .
Earnings also drove shares in Aberdeen Asset Management ( ADN.L ) , which rose 4.3 percent after it reported first-half revenues rose 10.6 percent . It also saw a slower outflow from its funds , a boost as the company prepares to merge with blue chip peer Standard Life ( SL.L ) , whose shares rose 2.8 percent .
Just Eat ( JE.L ) fell 1.1 percent , however , after reporting first quarter results , with UK order growth in particular disappointing .
`` A tough quarter for ( Just Eat ) , hard comps and some operational issues evident . Given that , a solid outcome , investor sentiment may home in on the UK and +16.5 % order growth , consistent with the FY17 guide , '' David Reynolds , equity analyst at Jefferies , said in a note .
( Reporting by Kit Rees ; Additional reporting by Danilo Masoni ; Editing by Larry King )
`` It 's an error , '' he said . `` It 's like when you have a car accident . It 's not a car 'purpose . ' It 's a mistake . We 're human . It 's definitely tough because Strasburg was pitching his tail off and they happened to get two hits after that . So it 's never fun . ''
Strasburg said he tried his best to pick up Rendon , but Rizzo singled to right just in front of Harper , who missed 42 games with a hyperextended left knee and returned last week . Harper said he felt great and did n't blame his health for not making a catch that would 've ended the inning and kept it a one-run game .
`` I was just coming in , did n't want it to get past me , '' Harper said . `` It bounced right in front of my glove and I just did n't come up with it . ''
After Strasburg dazzled and dominated during his first 52 pitches , the game shifted on his next several as the Cubs seized a rare opportunity on a night when the right-hander was almost unhittable . Almost .
`` I think he was really in a rhythm , '' Bryant said . `` Getting a guy on base , getting a guy in scoring position , get him out of his rhythm a little bit , I think that was huge . ''
With a history of first-round exits , the Nationals refused to buy into the narrative of `` here we go again . '' But they acknowledged the sixth inning and offensive struggles contributed to them falling behind in the best-of-five series .
`` That 's playoff baseball , '' first baseman Ryan Zimmerman said . `` You have to kind of do the little things right , and take advantage of the breaks you get , like they did . ''
Rendon gave Chicago its biggest break with his error after just seven in the field all season . But his teammates were eager to shoulder the blame and take it off Rendon 's shoulders .
`` I 'll still want the ball hit to him tomorrow , '' catcher Matt Wieters said . `` The bigger problem is that we could n't put any runs up . ''
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Stephen Whyno , The Associated Press
The acts just keep coming for the 26th annual Salmon Arm Roots & Blues festival .
Four acts with a decided world-music thrust are the most recent additions to what promises to be a weekend of inspired stand-alone shows on main stage coupled with the explosive musical chemistry found on side stages on the festival site .
From Quebec comes the spectacular octet , Oktopus , which will be making its Western Canadian debut on the Roots & Blues weekend . The band 's exuberant harmony of bows , keys , valves and mouths strikes a chord in music lovers ' hearts , bringing pure joy to audiences in quest of memorable evenings and festive occasions . The music of Oktopus is a fabulous witch 's brew of traditional eastern-European melodies , blended in with classical masterpieces and a sprinkling of Quebec song for good measure – a Quebecois take on a sort of classical-balkanized klezmer .
Geoff Berner comes to Roots & Blues with a reputation for keeping an audience on its collective toes , as he combines a feisty , pointed performance stance with engaging songs built around characters who have been compared to those found in the works of Kerouac and Ginsberg . Armed with his accordion , Berner has played all over the world to rave reviews . It 's rare for a musician to be as good at writing prose as making music , and Berner can credibly make that claim . Maclean 's praised his novel , Festival Man , for its “ hilarity and razor-sharp satire. ” If that testimony does n't make the uninitiated turn their attention to Berner 's talents , Billy Bragg 's assessment of Berner ca n't be ignored . “ Cherish him , cherish him , for there really is no one like him , ” says the iconic British artist of Berner , who will be rolling everything from Americana to Klezmer , rock and European folk into his Roots & Blues performances .
RELATED : Colin James returns as Roots Blues headliner
RELATED : Michael Franti and Spearhead return to Roots and Blues
The open-door immigration policies of our country continue to reap so many artistic rewards it 's impossible to keep up with the gifts that come our way .
Mbira Renaissance Band is an example of new Canadians who come straight from a musical source and are now working with young Canadian-born musicians who love African music . Based in Alberta , this septet will have the Roots & Blues audiences on its feet and dancing . Mbira Renaissance Band delivers an afro-fusion , Thomas Mapfumo and Bhundu Boy-inspired sound that pays homage to the rich , ancient genre of mbira music . The members draw on their backgrounds in jazz , rock , traditional Zimbabwean music and reggae . Mbira Renaissance can feature up to eight players , with Zinyemba and Ronald Nyandoro on mbira and vocals , James Stuart on bass , Sandy Ockenden on hosho ( shakers ) , Chaka 's sister Rumbi Zinyemba and his wife Chiedza Nezungai on vocals and conga , kit drummer Vinay Jhass and guitarist Mike Campbell .
Rounding out this release of four acts for Roots & Blues 2018 is David Thiaw – educator , master drummer , artist , composer , craftsman and storyteller . Thiaw 's first home was in Senegal . He has memories of growing up in Dakar , with the scent of the Atlantic , the sand of the beaches and the music of the people inspiring him . African and World music have been David 's lifelong passion . He formed his first band when he was 14 years old , and began a lifetime of world travel , learning about musical genres and their relation to – if not their debt to – West African rhythms . For a number of years , Thiaw has called the Interior of B.C . home . Growing up in a culture where music was part of the every-day not only started Thiaw on the path he walks today , but also nurtured his strong belief that the ability to play and sing is a human right shared by all . That will be one of his missions at the Roots & Blues festival where a couple of his performances will be of the interactive variety .
Tickets for the festival are available online at rootsandblues.ca or at the Roots & Blues office at 541 – 3rd street . For info , phone 250-833-4096 .
( Adds core inflation , analyst comment )
CAIRO , April 10 Egypt 's urban consumer inflation rose at a slower pace in March and core inflation dipped , the first signs of stabilising prices after the shock from a huge currency depreciation .
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi is under increasing pressure to revive the economy , keep prices under control and create jobs to avoid a backlash from the public .
Urban inflation rose for the fifth consecutive month to reach an annual 30.9 percent , the official CAPMAS statistics agency said on Monday , its highest point in more than three decades .
However the rise from 30.2 percent in February was the smallest since Egypt abandoned its currency peg in November , driving up the price of imports .
The pound currency has since depreciated by roughly half and in Egyptian cities and towns , food and beverage inflation reached 41.8 percent year on year in March .
Annual core inflation , on the other hand , declined for the first time in eight months , reaching 32.25 percent in March from 33.1 percent in February , the central bank said in a statement .
`` The deceleration in core inflation is in line with the expected headline deceleration in March , '' said Reham El Desoki , senior economist at Arqaam Securities .
`` March 2017 was a month void of significant inflationary pressures , where price rises slowed and a lower customs dollar rate stabilized the cost of imports , '' El Desoki said
Egypt abandoned its currency peg of 8.8 to the U.S. dollar on Nov. 3 but the pound has been stable around 18 per dollar for the past two weeks .
March 's annual urban consumer inflation figure is the highest since June 1986 , when it reached 35.1 percent , according to Reuters data . However , monthly urban inflation eased to 2 percent in March from 2.6 percent in February .
The central bank accompanied the November float with a 3 percent interest rate hike to fight price pressures but inflation is expected to keep climbing as the government pushes on with economic reforms , including fuel subsidy cuts .
The economic reforms helped Egypt secure a $ 12 billion loan programme from the International Monetary Fund in November .
Egypt 's central bank has held interest rates steady at four monetary policy meetings since the currency flotation although some economists expect further rate hikes this year .
IMF mission chief for Egypt Chris Jarvis said in January the fund expects inflation to begin dropping sharply by the second quarter of 2017 . ( Reporting by Asma Alsharif ; Editing by Toby Chopra )
DUBAI , March 28 Most Gulf stock markets were steady or in positive territory in early trade on Tuesday after Asian bourses rebounded , but trading volumes were generally thin .
Emaar Malls added 1.2 percent , outperforming a flat Dubai index . The company had dropped 2.8 percent in the previous two days on news it was making an $ 800 million bid to acquire e-commerce operator Souq.com , which could put it in a bidding war with Amazon.com . The U.S. company had agreed in principle to buy Souq.com .
On Tuesday , sources told Reuters that Souq.com would make an announcement later in the day about Amazon.com 's bid . One of the sources , declining to be identified ahead of the announcement , said the statement would say Souq.com 's shareholders had accepted the Amazon bid .
Abu Dhabi 's index edged up 0.1 percent and Qatar was flat , with Qatar National Bank climbing 0.6 percent .
The Saudi Arabian index added 0.2 percent after half an hour . Saudi Automotive , which offers services to motorists , saw unusually heavy trading volume and was the most active stock ; it surged 4.7 percent .
Riyad Bank lost 2.4 percent and Saudi Public Transport fell 2.3 percent as the two stocks went ex-dividend .
In Kuwait , Kuwait Insurance Co plunged 9.1 percent as it went ex-dividend and the market index slipped 0.3 percent . ( Reporting by Andrew Torchia ; Editing by Keith Weir )
Architect claims NY 's One World Trade Center stole his design
NEW YORK , June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan 's One World Trade Center , claiming that the building bears a `` striking similarity '' to a tower he designed in 1999 while in graduate school .
Marine Le Pen , French National Front ( FN ) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election , celebrates after early results in the first round of 2017 French presidential election , in Henin-Beaumont , France , April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Emmanuel Macron , head of the political movement En Marche ! , or Onwards ! , and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election , gestures to supporters after the first round of 2017 French presidential election in Paris , France , April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
LONDON The euro surged in early trading in Asia on Sunday , while French bond yields were expected to fall and French stocks to rally on Monday morning , on relief that France had not been left with a choice between two radical , anti-EU presidential candidates .
Multiple projections showed centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen set to face each other in a May 7 runoff for the French presidency , after coming first and second in Sunday 's first round of voting .
Investors ' greatest worry had been that the far-left , eurosceptic Jean-Luc Melenchon , who had surged in the polls in recent weeks , could jump ahead of Macron and make it into the final run-off against Le Pen , giving voters the choice between two radical candidates who would threaten the future of the EU .
That this worse-case scenario looked likely to have been averted , therefore , was seen as positive for risk sentiment . While Sunday 's results looked broadly in line with polls , failures to predict the outcome of the Brexit referendum and U.S. elections had shaken investors ' trust in them .
And while the anti-EU Le Pen looked likely to have made it through to the second round , polls have consistently shown Macron will beat her in the runoff .
`` The assumption now is that centrist voters will rally around Macron , denying Le Pen the presidency and hence this will effectively be a pro-establishment , pro-European result which will be positive for risk appetite on Monday morning , '' said Rabobank 's head of rates strategy in London , Richard McGuire .
`` We are likely to see a notable tightening of European sovereign spreads and this would also be positive for the euro and stocks , '' he said , although he added that the exit polls must be viewed with a degree of caution .
The spread between French 10-year government bond yields and their German equivalents has been a key gauge of investor sentiment around the French election in recent months .
That gap was widely expected to narrow on Monday as investors buy back into French debt , and as safe-haven German Bunds are sold off on higher risk appetite . FR10YT=TWEB DE10YT=TWEB
FREXIT FEARS FADE
The euro jumped as much as 2 percent to $ 1.09395 EUR= , its highest level since Nov. 10 , the day after the results of the U.S. presidential election , as some markets opened in Asia .
Against the yen , which investors tend to flock to when they perceive high levels of risk , the euro jumped as much as 3 percent to trade at a five-week high of 120.905 yen EURJPY=EBS .
`` I think people will be fairly confident that Macron will win in the second round , and the market will be relieved by that , '' said Insight fund manager and head of currency investment in London , Paul Lambert .
`` The euro will benefit from the perceived decline in the break-up risk in the euro area , '' he added , though he said the single currency 's moves would be limited by the fact that this outcome had been expected .
French and European equities were expected to rally when they begin trading on Monday morning , while peripheral bond yields were expected to fall as investors regained their risk appetite .
The projected result will mean a face-off between politicians with radically contrasting economic visions . Macron favours deregulation measures that will be welcomed by financial markets , while Le Pen wants to ditch the euro currency and possibly pull out of the EU - markets ' biggest fear .
Even if Le Pen springs a surprise on May 7 , her `` Frexit '' ambitions will require constitutional change which experts say will be difficult , especially as her National Front party only has a handful of federal lawmakers and is seen as highly unlikely to win anything like a majority in June 's parliamentary elections .
June 's legislative elections also pose a challenge for Macron , who wants to win a parliamentary majority with his brand-new party `` En Marche ! '' ( `` Forward ! '' )
`` We can now conclude that ( Frexit ) is off the table , assuming that most people will now regard Mr. Macron as the likely winner of round two , '' said Marie Owens Thomsen , head of economic research at Indosuez Wealth Management in London .
`` But , the open question is still the June parliamentary election , what the future president 's government will look like and whether or not he will have a majority . ''
( Reporting by Jemima Kelly ; Additional reporting by Maya Nikolaeva in Paris , Dhara Ranasinghe , Helen Reid and Nigel Stephenson in London , and Jonathan Spicer in Washington , DC ; editing by Susan Thomas )
The logo of Toshiba is seen as shareholders arrive at Toshiba 's extraordinary shareholders meeting in Chiba , Japan March 30 , 2017 . REUTERS/Toru Hanai
TOKYO The bankruptcy of Westinghouse Electric Co may be a blow to Toshiba Corp 's ( 6502.T ) international nuclear ambitions , but the Japanese conglomerate still has a profitable business at home .
Toshiba , whose businesses range from memory chips to rail , is at the heart of Japan 's atomic industry . While this has been moribund since the 2011 Fukushima disaster , Japan still has dozens of reactors that need to be maintained and supplied with parts and fuel once operating .
Toshiba is also involved in the Fukushima clean-up . The cost of decommissioning the wrecked Fukushima Daiichi facility alone is estimated by the Japanese government at 8 trillion yen ( $ 71 billion ) . Some experts have predicted the process could take as long as a century .
All but three of Japan 's 54 commercial nuclear reactors are currently shut down . Twelve are set for decommissioning , including the six at the Fukushima stations .
Even idle , they need constant maintenance and supervision .
For Toshiba , the main contractor or a major component supplier to 20 of those reactors , that 's a stable business , and one of its most profitable in terms of return on sales . Fuel and servicing make up the lion 's share of the group 's nuclear revenue .
`` They can come out of this ( Westinghouse bankruptcy ) with a very healthy nuclear business in Japan , '' said George Borovas , global head of nuclear at law firm Shearman & Sterling , noting this would include servicing , maintenance and decommissioning .
`` Business lines such as nuclear fuel supply and services have a significantly different risk profile to nuclear new build projects , '' he added .
Toshiba was undone by its push into construction through Westinghouse , its U.S. nuclear arm that ran up billions of cost overruns as two key U.S. projects were delayed by years to meet growing safety demands post-Fukushima .
Global construction is expected to have lost money in the 2016 financial year , according to provisional forecasts by Toshiba last month , but the Japanese nuclear power business is forecast to see a return on sales of 8 percent for the year . Toshiba aims to increase that to 10 percent by 2019 .
JAPAN SOLUTION
The Westinghouse collapse could also revive consolidation in Japan 's nuclear industry , which , unusually , includes two other main suppliers - Mitsubishi Heavy Industries ( MHI ) ( 7011.T ) and Hitachi ( 6501.T ) .
At a fractious Toshiba shareholders meeting on Thursday , Yoshimitsu Kobayashi , an external director who heads the group 's management nomination committee , said he wanted Toshiba , Hitachi and MHI to eventually form a nuclear holding company .
The three firms were in talks last year to merge their nuclear fuel operations , but the process was delayed after the Westinghouse troubles came to light .
`` It would make sense . There 's no point in having three companies chasing a dying market in Japan , '' said Tom O'Sullivan , founder of independent energy consultancy Mathyos Japan .
Any move to consolidate , though , could come up against a government that wants to keep its nuclear options open in the aftermath of Fukushima , and , analysts note , the three companies employ different technologies .
A Hitachi spokesman said there are no discussions on merging the companies ' overall nuclear operations . He noted Hitachi 's nuclear business is profitable . It has forecast sales of 150 billion yen in the year ending Friday .
MHI said it had no `` specific plans to deepen '' its nuclear cooperation with Toshiba , highlighting its use of different reactor technology . The company does not break out its nuclear business and did not say if it makes money .
FUKUSHIMA FALLOUT
Toshiba was the main contractor for three of the Fukushima Daiichi units and supplied the reactor vessels to two others . It 's also the main contractor and equipment supplier on two units of the nearby Fukushima Daini station , which may never be restarted due to local opposition , and is lead contractor and supplier on three reactors at the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear plant , the world 's biggest .
While servicing nuclear stations will continue to be profitable , Toshiba 's Senior Executive Vice President Yasuo Naruke on Thursday offered a lament to angry shareholders .
`` The changes in the environment for the nuclear business , including the Fukushima disaster , were the remote cause for the Westinghouse writedown , '' he said .
( $ 1 = 112.1100 yen )
( Additional reporting by Makiko Yamazaki , Osamu Tsukimori and Yuka Obayashi ; Editing by Clara Ferreira Marques and Ian Geoghegan )
A Church Warsop man who was stranded in Mansfield after losing his wallet on a drunken night out , borrowed a car to get home and argued with police when he was stopped , a court heard .
Samuel Billyeald was stopped in his pal 's BMW , on Albert Street , at 1.15am , on November 25 , because he was driving without any lights .
“ He was arrested because there was no attempt to provide a specimen , ” said prosecutor Daniel Pietryka .
“ One minute he was compliant and the next he refused to cooperate . He was being difficult and had to be restrained . ”
Billyeald , 22 , of Laurel Avenue , admitted driving without insurance , or a licence , and failing to cooperate with a preliminary test or to provide a specimen for analysis , when he appeared at Mansfield Magistrates Court , on Monday .
Abbie Edwards , mitigating , said : “ This is totally out of character . He went out socialising in Mansfield town centre . He had consumed too much alcohol to drive .
“ He lost his wallet and house keys and had no way to find his way home . Regretably , he decided to borrow a friend 's car . He did think about walking but it was very cold .
“ He panicked when the police pulled him over and that 's why he refused to give a breath sample . He was clearly affected by the alcohol . He is very remorseful and ashamed . ”
Ms Edwards said Billyeald has “ quite severe mental health issues . ”
He has one previous conviction for threatening behaviour , from April this year , which puts him in breach of a suspended sentence , the court heard .
Probation officer Sarah Alderton said : “ He knew that the offence would put him in breach of a suspended sentence order . He chose to make a foolish mistake . ”
She said he claimed to be a social drinker , but acknowledged that both offences were committed when he was drunk .
Billyeald was given a 12 month community order , with a two month curfew , from 7pm to 7am , and the operational period of his suspended sentence was extended by two months .
He was banned from driving for 12 months . He must pay £85 court costs and an £85 victim surcharge .
* Small-scale LNG demand to reach 75 mln-95 mln T a year by 2030
* LNG used as fuel in ships , trucks to drive most demand
* Southeast Asia a key market for small LNG-to-power projects
* Industry needs more investments in small-scale infrastructure
By Mark Tay
CHIBA , Japan , April 5 French utility giant Engie has tagged small-scale LNG projects as a key growth area for demand for the superchilled fuel amid a supply surplus that has pushed Asia 's spot LNG prices down 70 percent over the past three years .
`` Small-scale LNG was considered by the group to be an area where we need to boost the activity , '' Frederic Deybach , who works on Engie 's small-scale LNG programme , told Reuters on the sidelines of a gas conference in Japan .
Engie , the world 's largest independent power producer , is aiming to develop small LNG-to-power projects in island chains as investments slump in mega-power projects and demand stagnates in mature markets like Japan and South Korea .
Total global demand from small-scale LNG projects is expected to rise to between 75 million and 95 million tonnes a year by 2030 , Deybach said .
That would rival in volume Japan , the world 's largest LNG importer at 83.3 million tonnes in 2016 , according to the International Gas Union in a report released on Wednesday .
Small-scale demand will come from the adoption of LNG as a shipping fuel , accounting for 20 million-30 million tonnes a year , and a switch to LNG-fuelled trucks , contributing 30 million-40 million tonnes a year , with the remainder coming from island-based LNG-to-power demand , Deybach said .
ASIA 'S ARCHIPELAGOS
While LNG-to-power demand from islands is forecast to be the smallest component of the small-scale market , Deybach says its potential is underestimated .
`` The demand can very well be in the range of millions of tonnes per annum , but that 's not going to be overnight . The difficulty with small-scale LNG ( to power ) is that you need to start small knowing that the market will grow , '' he said .
In Southeast Asia , the firm is targeting countries such as Indonesia , Philippines and Myanmar .
`` Indonesia ( has ) a lot of islands and in addition to that Indonesia is also a natural gas producer so that makes it even more natural for them to consider LNG for their power supply , '' Deybach said .
Engie has already been participating in the different tenders launched by Indonesia 's state utility firm PT Perusahaan Listrik Negara ( PLN ) .
`` In Indonesia , the potential is there . It is going to happen but we just do n't know at what speed , '' he said .
Another challenge the industry faces is the oversized floating storage regasification units ( FSRU ) that are the norm . FSRUs typically have around 150,000 to 170,000 cubic meters of cargo capacity , almost 15 times larger than what some of these projects require .
`` FSRUs can contribute to small scale projects like any other type of LNG receiving terminal ... but there has to be investments too , into smaller storages , regasification and smaller facilities , '' he said . ( Reporting by Mark Tay ; Editing by Tom Hogue )
April 28 Southside Bancshares Inc :
* Southside Bancshares Inc announces financial results for the three months ended March 31 , 2017
* Quarterly earnings per share $ 0.52
* Qtrly net interest income decreased $ 1.3 million , or 3.6 % , to $ 35.3 million , compared to $ 36.6 million for same period in 2016 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PETERSBURG , Va. -- A man was arrested and charged in connection to a violent attack in Petersburg .
Christopher Taylor , 32 , of Petersburg , was charged with Attempted Murder and Aggravated Malicious Wounding . He is accused of slashing the throat of Petersburg businessman Bill Sizemore .
Sizemore said he was visiting his mini-golf and go kart business on South Crater Road Sunday when he saw a man standing in the woods nearby .
Sizemore , who said he prides himself on helping those in need , went to check on the man .
`` When I get to about within 15 feet of him , I ask him , if he 's OK , '' Sizemore said . `` As I reach over , walk over and start pointing to the lake , he reaches behind me and cuts me , cuts my throat with a box cutter . ''
The stranger ran off .
Sizemore drove himself to the hospital .
`` I 'm holding my neck , blood is going everywhere , '' he said . `` As much as I was bleeding , I decided , it was better for me to get in my car and drive , a block , two blocks to the hospital than it was to call for assistance . ''
The box cutter missed Sizemore 's major arteries and muscles , but he lost a lot of blood in the attack . He received four units of blood and underwent three hours of surgery .
He was able to give police a very detailed description of the suspect .
Using security video from a nearby Wawa , police identified a suspect and made an arrest while investigating a recent robbery .
Taylor was jailed , without bond , at Riverside Regional Jail .
Alleged recording of lawyer in Mill case given to newspaper
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) — A lawyer representing the Philadelphia judge overseeing rapper Meek Mill 's case has been recorded saying the judge was wrong not to grant a new trial .
Philly.com reports a documentary film crew recorded an off-the-record conversation with attorney Charles Peruto Jr. , and a supporter shared it with a reporter .
Peruto says regardless of the alleged tape , he does n't believe he said Judge Genece Brinkley made a mistake .
Mill 's attorneys filed another motion last week to try to remove Brinkley from his case saying she showed bias in denying a new trial despite the Philadelphia district attorney 's office agreeing a key witness was not trustworthy .
Brinkley had sentenced Mill to two to four years for a probation violation in a decade-old drug and gun conviction . He served nearly five months .
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division , part of the second-largest U.S. bank 's plan to cut costs .
NEW YORK — Days after the presidential pardon of Jack Johnson , Sylvester Stallone has announced plans for a biopic on the first African-American heavyweight champion .
Stallone said Wednesday that his newly launched Balboa Productions will start with a film about Johnson . On Thursday , Stallone stood next to President Donald Trump in the Oval Office as he signed a rare posthumous pardon to Johnson , who served 10 months in prison in what Trump called `` a racially-motivated injustice . ''
Trump has said Stallone was instrumental in bringing Johnson 's story to his attention .
Stallone 's production company said the film will be fast-tracked with Metro Goldwyn Mayer Pictures .
U.S.-based bond funds net most cash in nearly 2 years -ICI
By Trevor Hunnicutt NEW YORK , June 14 U.S. fund investors downgraded their expectations for the domestic economy and snapped up bonds during the latest week , dropping the most cash into debt funds in more than 23 months , Investment Company Institute data showed on Wednesday . Bond mutual funds and exchange-traded funds in the United States pulled in $ 13.6 billion during their 24th consecutive week of inflows and posted their best result since June 2015 , the trade group sai
Novak Djokovic says he had a `` small medical intervention '' on his bothersome right elbow .
The 12-time Grand Slam champion and former No . 1-ranked player wrote on Instagram on Friday : `` It seems like I am on the good road now to full recovery . ''
Djokovic sat out the last half of 2017 because of problems with his racket-swinging right arm , saying it had been bothering him for more than a year .
The 30-year-old Serb made a late decision to enter the Australian Open last month , and then was clearly hampered by the elbow in a straight-set loss to Hyeon Chung of South Korea in the fourth round . Djokovic winced and grimaced throughout and took a medical timeout to have his elbow massaged .
April 13 Polaris Industries Inc :
* Polaris voluntarily recalls certain off-road vehicles
* Voluntarily recalling certain model year 2015 RANGER 900s
* No injuries have been reported from any of recalled units
* In conjunction with U.S. CPSC , voluntarily recalling certain model year 2015 RANGER 900s due to faulty fasteners on a heat shield
* Repair costs for recall repairs are not material and were contemplated in co 's full year 2017 earnings guidance issued in January
* Also recalling certain model year 2017 Sportsman ATVs due to a potentially faulty electronic power steering unit
* Model year 2015 RANGER recall covers 51,000 units , model year 2017 Sportsman ATV recall covers 3,800 units Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 5 Controladora Vuela Compania De Aviacion Sab De Cv
* Volaris reports March 2017 traffic results , passenger growth of 8 %
* Controladora vuela compania de aviacion sab de cv - total demand , as measured in RPMS , for Q1 , March 2017 increased 14.4 % , 7.4 % year over year , respectively
* Controladora vuela compania de aviacion sab de cv - transported a total of 4.0 million passengers during Q1 of 2017 , an increase of 15.6 % year over year
* Controladora vuela compania de aviacion sab de cv - during March 2017 , volaris transported over 1.3 million passengers , an increase of 8.1 % year over year
* In Q1 , co increased total capacity , measured in available seat miles , by 16.8 % y-o-year
* Controladora vuela compania de aviacion sab de cv - network load factor for Q1 and March 2017 reached 83.2 % and 85.1 % , respectively
* Controladora vuela compania de aviacion sab de cv - confirms its stated adjusted EBITDAR margin guidance in high teens for Q1 2017
* In March 2017 , co increased total capacity , measured in available seat miles , by 7.9 % y-o-y
* In Q1 2017 , co increased domestic & international ASMS by 12.8 % and 26.2 % , respectively Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
WEST POINT , N.Y. — Matthew Wilson scored 14 points and led five players in double-figure scoring and Army beat American University 82-70 on Saturday , snapping a three-game slide .
Luke Morrison added 12 points , Thomas Funk and Alex King had 11 and Lonnie Grayson chipped in 10 for the Black Knights ( 13-10 , 6-6 Patriot ) .
Jordan Fox made a 3-pointer and Wilson a pair of layups as part of an 11-3 run midway through the first half to put Army ahead 20-12 . Grayson drained a 3 and Funk hit a layup to stretch it to 27-14 with 7:24 to go and the Black Knights were up 40-32 at the break .
American closed to 59-54 on a pair of Larry Motuzis layups with 9:46 to go but Grayson answered for Army with a 3-pointer and Morrison , King and Tucker Blackwell followed with three more to help push it to 78-62 with 3:05 left .
Comedy star Micky Flanagan is celebrating his recent record-breaking appearances at Sheffield Arena with a return this month - and you could see him for FREE .
We have five pairs of tickets to be won to see his A fing Tour which is back on Saturday , June 24 .
It is hot on the heels of his two sell-out shows at Sheffield Arena last month which played to rave reviews and over 24,000 fans - breaking the venue 's capacity record for a comedy show , now standing at 12,231 .
Following a phenomenal demand for tickets Flanagan is back and the show is just over a week away .
This tour follows his record breaking Back In The Game tour of 2013 which took in an incredible 129 shows - making it the biggest comedy tour in the world that year - having sold an unbelievable 500,000 tickets in the UK and Ireland alone .
BUY TICKETS : Guarantee your seats for Micky Flanagan 's A fing ' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday , June 24 - priced £33.60 and £39.20 , including booking fee . Buy in person from the box office , call 0114 256 5656 or visit www.sheffieldarena.co.uk .
WIN A PAIR OF TICKETS
For a chance to win one of five pairs of tickets to see Micky Flanagan 's A fing ' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday , June 24 , enter our free prize draw by email or Twitter .
Email your name and details to graham.walker @ jpress.co.uk with # JPcompMF in the subject field .
Or follow @ GW1962 on Twitter and retweet any of his # JPcompMF tweets .
Micky Flanagan
Deadline is Tuesday , June 20 , 2017 , 5pm . Usual Johnston Press terms and conditions apply - see www.johnstonpress.co.uk/terms-conditions
TAMPA , Fla. — Brian Beard Jr. scored a career-high 28 points on 10-of-15 shooting and Florida International beat South Florida 65-53 on Monday night .
Eric Lockett made 8 of 11 from the floor and had 18 points and 11 rebounds for the Golden Panthers ( 5-4 ) , who won their third straight . Hassan Hussein added 13 points .
FIU made eight of its first 10 shots in the second half , pulling away with a 20-6 start to the period for a 44-31 lead on Hussein 's jumper with 12:58 left . The Panthers cooled off from the floor but mostly maintained a double-digit lead the rest of the way .
South Florida ( 4-6 ) led 25-24 at halftime and , after falling behind in the second , closed within seven with just more than a minute to play .
CA Phoenix AZ Zone Forecast
CA Phoenix AZ Zone Forecast for Tuesday , July 3 , 2018
_____
255 FPUS55 KPSR 041050
ZFPPSR
Zone Forecast Product for Southwest Arizona/Southeast California
National Weather Service Phoenix AZ
349 AM MST Wed Jul 4 2018
This is an automatically generated product that provides average
values for large geographical areas and may not be representative
of the exact location that you are interested in . For a more site
specific forecast , please visit weather.gov/phoenix and either
( 1 ) Select a location from the dropdown menu above the map or
( 2 ) Click a location on the map . You can refine your selection by
clicking on the map displayed on the resulting page .
AZZ537-540-542 > 544-546-548-550-551-042300-
Northwest Valley-Buckeye/Avondale-Deer Valley-Central Phoenix-
North Phoenix/Glendale-Scottsdale/Paradise Valley-East Valley-
South Mountain/Ahwatukee-Southeast Valley/Queen Creek-
Including the cities of Circle City , Surprise , Wittmann , Beardsley ,
Sun City West , Avondale , Cashion , Goodyear , Liberty , Peoria , Phoenix ,
Paradise Valley , Mesa , Chandler , Tempe , Gilbert , Sun Lakes ,
and Queen Creek
349 AM MST Wed Jul 4 2018
... EXCESSIVE HEAT WARNING IN EFFECT FROM 10 AM THURSDAY TO 9 PM MST
FRIDAY ...
.TODAY ... Mostly sunny . Highs 103 to 108 . Southeast wind 5 to 10 mph
in the morning becoming southwest in the afternoon .
.TONIGHT ... Clear . Lows 76 to 86 . West wind 5 to 10 mph .
.THURSDAY ... Mostly sunny and very hot . Highs 111 to 115 . South wind
around 5 mph in the morning becoming west in the afternoon .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy and warmer . Lows 85 to 92 . North wind
5 to 10 mph in the evening becoming east 5 to 15 mph after midnight .
.FRIDAY ... Partly sunny , breezy and hot . Highs 110 to 114 . East wind
10 to 20 mph . Gusts up to 30 mph in the morning .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows 84 to 90 .
.SATURDAY ... Mostly sunny and hot . Highs 108 to 112 .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a 10 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms . Lows in the 80s .
.SUNDAY ... Partly cloudy . A 10 percent chance of afternoon showers and
thunderstorms . Hot . Highs 107 to 110 .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Considerable cloudiness with a 20 percent chance of
showers and thunderstorms . Lows in the 80s .
.MONDAY ... Partly cloudy with a 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs 104 to 107 .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the upper 70s to mid 80s .
.TUESDAY ... Partly sunny with a 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs 101 to 106 .
$ $
AZZ541-549-555-042300-
Cave Creek/New River-Fountain Hills/East Mesa-
Apache Junction/Gold Canyon-
Including the cities of Scottsdale , Fountain Hills ,
and Apache Junction
349 AM MST Wed Jul 4 2018
... EXCESSIVE HEAT WARNING IN EFFECT FROM 10 AM THURSDAY TO 9 PM MST
FRIDAY ...
.TODAY ... Mostly sunny . Highs 101 to 106 . Southeast wind 5 to 10 mph
in the morning becoming southwest in the afternoon .
.TONIGHT ... Clear . Lows 72 to 82 . West wind 5 to 10 mph in the evening
becoming north after midnight .
.THURSDAY ... Mostly sunny and hot . Highs 108 to 113 . Southeast wind
around 5 mph in the morning becoming west 5 to 10 mph in the
afternoon .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy and warmer . Lows 79 to 89 . East wind
5 to 15 mph .
.FRIDAY ... Partly sunny . A slight chance of afternoon showers and
thunderstorms . Breezy and hot . Highs 107 to 112 . East wind 10 to
20 mph . Gusts up to 30 mph . Chance of measurable rain 10 percent .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the upper 70s to upper 80s .
.SATURDAY ... Partly sunny and hot . Highs 105 to 110 .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s to mid 80s .
.SUNDAY ... Partly sunny with a 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs 103 to 108 .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s to mid 80s .
.MONDAY ... Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs 100 to 105 .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . A chance of showers and thunderstorms
in the evening , then a slight chance of showers and thunderstorms
after midnight . Lows in the lower 70s to lower 80s . Chance of
measurable rain 30 percent .
.TUESDAY ... Partly sunny with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs 98 to 103 .
$ $
AZZ553-554-042300-
Northwest Pinal County-West Pinal County-
Including the cities of Casa Grande , Cactus Forest , Florence ,
and Coolidge
349 AM MST Wed Jul 4 2018
... EXCESSIVE HEAT WARNING IN EFFECT FROM 10 AM THURSDAY TO 9 PM MST
FRIDAY ...
.TODAY ... Mostly sunny . Highs 103 to 108 . Southeast wind 5 to 10 mph
in the morning becoming southwest in the afternoon .
.TONIGHT ... Clear . Lows 72 to 82 . Southwest wind 5 to 15 mph .
.THURSDAY ... Mostly sunny and very hot . Highs 110 to 115 . Southwest
wind around 5 mph in the morning becoming north 5 to 10 mph in the
afternoon .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy and warmer . Lows 80 to 90 . Northeast
wind 5 to 15 mph in the evening becoming east 10 to 15 mph after
midnight .
.FRIDAY ... Mostly sunny in the morning then becoming partly sunny .
Windy and hot . Highs 109 to 114 . East wind 15 to 25 mph . Gusts up to
35 mph .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . A 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms in the evening . Lows in the upper 70s to upper 80s .
.SATURDAY ... Partly sunny and hot . Highs 107 to 112 .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a 10 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms . Lows in the upper 70s to upper 80s .
.SUNDAY ... Partly sunny . A 10 percent chance of afternoon showers and
thunderstorms . Hot . Highs 106 to 111 .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . A chance of showers and thunderstorms
in the evening , then a slight chance of showers and thunderstorms
after midnight . Lows in the mid 70s to mid 80s . Chance of measurable
rain 30 percent .
.MONDAY ... Partly cloudy with a 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs 102 to 107 .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a 20 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s to mid 80s .
.TUESDAY ... Partly sunny . Highs 100 to 105 .
$ $
CAZ566-042300-
Imperial County West-
Including the cities of Coolidge Springs , Salton City , Winona ,
Coyote Wells , Ocotillo , and Plaster City
349 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
... EXCESSIVE HEAT WARNING IN EFFECT FROM 10 AM TO 9 PM PDT FRIDAY ...
.TODAY ... Sunny . Highs 103 to 108 . South wind 5 to 10 mph .
.TONIGHT ... Mostly clear . Lows 69 to 79 . West wind 10 to 20 mph .
.THURSDAY ... Mostly sunny and hot . Highs 108 to 113 . Northwest wind
5 to 10 mph in the morning becoming northeast around 5 mph in the
afternoon .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Mostly clear and warmer . Lows 77 to 87 . Northwest
wind 5 to 10 mph .
.FRIDAY ... Partly sunny and very hot . Highs 113 to 118 . North wind
5 to 10 mph in the morning becoming east in the afternoon .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . A 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms after midnight . Warmer . Lows in the lower 80s to lower
90s .
.SATURDAY ... Partly sunny and hot . Highs 109 to 114 .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . Lows in the lower 80s to lower 90s .
.SUNDAY ... Partly sunny . A 10 percent chance of afternoon showers and
thunderstorms . Hot . Highs 109 to 114 .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the upper 70s to upper 80s .
.MONDAY ... Partly cloudy with a 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Hot . Highs 106 to 111 .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s to mid 80s .
.TUESDAY ... Partly sunny . Highs 103 to 108 .
$ $
CAZ562-042300-
Imperial County Southwest-
Including the city of Mountain Spring
349 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
... EXCESSIVE HEAT WARNING IN EFFECT FROM 10 AM TO 9 PM PDT FRIDAY ...
.TODAY ... Mostly sunny . Highs 102 to 107 . South wind 10 to 20 mph .
.TONIGHT ... Mostly clear and breezy . Lows 74 to 84 . West wind 10 to
20 mph . Gusts up to 30 mph .
.THURSDAY ... Mostly sunny and hot . Highs 106 to 111 . Northwest wind
5 to 10 mph in the morning becoming northeast around 5 mph in the
afternoon .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Mostly clear and warmer . Lows 80 to 90 . West wind
10 to 15 mph .
.FRIDAY ... Partly sunny and very hot . Highs 112 to 117 . North wind
5 to 10 mph in the morning becoming east in the afternoon .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . A 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms after midnight . Warmer . Lows in the mid 80s to mid 90s .
.SATURDAY ... Partly sunny and hot . Highs 107 to 112 .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . Lows in the mid 80s to mid 90s .
.SUNDAY ... Partly sunny . A 10 percent chance of afternoon showers and
thunderstorms . Hot . Highs 109 to 114 .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the lower 80s to lower 90s .
.MONDAY ... Partly cloudy with a 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Not as warm . Highs 104 to 109 .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows 80 to 90 .
.TUESDAY ... Partly sunny . Highs 103 to 108 .
$ $
CAZ560-561-042300-
Joshua Tree NP West-Joshua Tree NP East-
Including the cities of Cottonwood Visitor and Lost Horse-Keys
Village
349 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
... EXCESSIVE HEAT WARNING IN EFFECT FROM 10 AM TO 9 PM PDT FRIDAY ...
.TODAY ... Sunny . Highs 93 to 103 . Southwest wind 5 to 10 mph in the
morning becoming south 5 to 15 mph in the afternoon .
.TONIGHT ... Clear . Lows 67 to 77 . West wind 5 to 15 mph .
.THURSDAY ... Sunny and warmer . Highs 99 to 109 . North wind 5 to 10 mph
in the morning becoming southeast around 5 mph in the afternoon .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Mostly clear and warmer . Lows 73 to 83 . Northwest
wind 5 to 15 mph .
.FRIDAY ... Partly sunny and hot . Highs 103 to 113 . Northeast wind
10 to 15 mph in the morning becoming southeast 5 to 10 mph in the
afternoon .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Warmer . Lows in the upper 70s to upper 80s .
.SATURDAY ... Partly sunny with a 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs 99 to 109 .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . A 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms in the evening . Lows in the upper 70s to upper 80s .
.SUNDAY ... Partly sunny and hot . Highs 100 to 110 .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s to mid 80s .
.MONDAY ... Partly cloudy . A 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms in the morning . Highs 96 to 106 .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a 10 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the lower 70s to lower 80s .
.TUESDAY ... Partly sunny . Highs 94 to 104 .
$ $
Visit us on Facebook , Twitter , and at weather.gov/phoenix
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
Trail at Utah 's Zion National Park closed after rock fall
SALT LAKE CITY ( AP ) — A trail at Utah 's Zion National Park has been closed after a rock fall .
Aly Baltrus with Zion National Park says the rock fall occurred Monday afternoon on the Hidden Canyon trail . No one was injured .
KSL-TV reports the fall is in a 45-foot section of the trail where hikers hold chains .
Baltrus says the area must be cleared of sand and rocks and it will be closed at least through Tuesday .
___
Information from : KSL-TV , http : //www.ksl.com/
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
RALEIGH , N.C. — North Carolina State was n't supposed to even be in this position , entering February with several marquee wins and in the discussion for an NCAA Tournament bid . Yet first-year coach Kevin Keatts is n't talking about the possibility of his program getting back there after its two-year absence .
`` We 're not a mature enough team for me to look ahead , '' Keatts said in an interview with The Associated Press . `` We have to really stay in the moment with these guys . . I 'm not one of those guys who 'll put up the standings on the board and say , 'Here 's where we are . ' Because I think with this particular bunch , I think if you do that it can spook 'em . ''
N.C. State ( 15-7 , 5-4 Atlantic Coast Conference ) was picked to finish 12th in the league . But the Wolfpack upset then-No . 2 Arizona in the Battle 4 Atlantis tournament in November , beat another No . 2 in Duke to start January , beat current No . 20 Clemson at home and won last weekend at then-No . 10 North Carolina .
Those four Quadrant 1 wins — the selection committee has moved to a four-tiered system to evaluate quality of victories — are strong headliners to the Wolfpack 's resume .
But there 's still work to do . N.C. State sits at No . 64 in Friday 's RPI rankings because 11 wins came against Quadrant 3 and 4 opponents . In addition , the nonconference schedule was n't strong ( ranked 269th ) and there were losses to UNC Greensboro ( 110th in the RPI ) and Northern Iowa ( 140th ) .
Baylor graduate transfer Allerik Freeman referenced the goal of getting to the NCAAs after the UNC win without being asked , but Keatts is talking about the steps immediately in front of his team .
He wants them focused on continuing to refine their fullcourt-pressure style . He also wants them to take advantage of their conditioning work , which can help them wear down opponents and cut down on their own fatigue-driven mistakes late in games such as a missed boxout or a blown defensive assignment .
`` Eventually I want these guys to be able to compete for 40 minutes , '' Keatts said . `` I think we 've had times in games where we were 20 , 25 , 30 and even 35 minutes . But I want them to play selfless basketball and to play for N.C. State . I feel like if they do that then everybody will get some credit for doing it , not just one or two people . ''
And that just might be good enough to get the Wolfpack in on Selection Sunday .
ON THE RISE
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division , part of the second-largest U.S. bank 's plan to cut costs .
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) in New York , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) in New York , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) in New York , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) in New York , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) in New York , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) in New York , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) in New York , U.S. , March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The benchmark S & P 500 eked out a gain on Wednesday as strength in the energy and consumer sectors offset declines in financial shares and investors began looking ahead to first-quarter earnings season .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended slightly lower , falling for the ninth session out of the past 10 , while the Nasdaq rose for a fourth straight day .
Investors have been assessing what the Republicans ' failure to pass a healthcare bill means for tax reform and the rest of President Donald Trump 's agenda , hopes for which have helped drive stocks to record highs .
They are looking to first-quarter earnings to support lofty valuations for stocks , with the S & P 500 trading at nearly 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months against its long-term average of 15 times .
First-quarter earnings for S & P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
`` The policy risk has increased ... but economic data still remains solid and therefore earnings should be good , '' said Walter Todd , chief investment officer of Greenwood Capital in Greenwood , South Carolina . `` Absent some revelation on the policy front , I think that 's the next catalyst for the market , is when we start seeing companies report . ''
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 42.18 points , or 0.2 percent , to 20,659.32 , the S & P 500 .SPX gained 2.56 points , or 0.11 percent , to 2,361.13 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 22.41 points , or 0.38 percent , to 5,897.55 .
The energy sector .SPNY gained 1.2 percent , leading all sectors , supported by stronger oil prices CLc1 .
The consumer discretionary sector .SPLRCD rose 0.6 percent as retailers such as Nordstrom ( JWN.N ) and Kohl 's ( KSS.N ) surged . Amazon.com ( AMZN.O ) rose 2.1 percent and hit an all-time high , giving the biggest boost to the S & P 500 and Nasdaq .
Financial shares .SPSY fell back 0.5 percent a day after leading a rally .
Investors also digested comments from Federal Reserve officials . Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said he favors further interest rate hikes this year , while Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren said the Fed should raise rates three more times in 2017 .
`` The market seems to be unfazed by the fact that the Fed is looking to be somewhat aggressive in raising rates , '' said Paul Nolte , portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago .
The stock rally fueled by optimism President Donald Trump will boost the economy may be near its peak , according to a Reuters poll of strategists , who forecast U.S. shares will gain less than 3 percent between now and year-end .
In corporate news , Vertex Pharmaceuticals ( VRTX.O ) soared 20.5 percent after the company 's cystic fibrosis treatment succeeded in a late-stage study . The stock boosted the S & P and helped drive the Nasdaq Biotechnology index .NBI up 0.9 percent .
About 5.8 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges , well below the 6.9 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions and among the lightest volume days in 2017 .
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.88-to-1 ratio ; on Nasdaq , a 1.59-to-1 ratio favored advancers .
The S & P 500 posted 14 new 52-week highs and 1 new lows ; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 86 new highs and 24 new lows .
( Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru ; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Nick Zieminski )
× Facebook on murder video : ‘ We know we need to do better '
NEW YORK — Robert Godwin Sr. was walking home from an Easter meal with his family when he was shot by a stranger , who then posted a video of the murder to Facebook .
The gruesome video stayed up for hours on Sunday before it was removed by Facebook . It continues to be shared online .
“ We know we need to do better , ” Justin Osofsky , VP of global operations at Facebook , wrote in a post Monday after the company faced criticism for its handling of the video .
“ We disabled the suspect 's account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the murder video , and two hours after receiving a report of any kind , ” Osofsky said . Facebook is now in the process of reviewing how videos are flagged by users .
It 's just the latest in a growing list of disturbing videos of murder , suicide , torture and beheading published on Facebook , however briefly , either through live broadcasts or video uploads .
The new video is reigniting old questions about how the social network handles offensive content : How many people does Facebook have moderating and flagging this type of content globally ? What is the average response time for removing it ? And does Facebook save the content for law enforcement after it 's deleted ?
Facebook , like some of its peers in the tech industry , has traditionally stayed vague on these details , other than pointing to its community standards . Facebook called the shooting “ a horrific crime ” in an earlier statement Monday .
“ We do not allow this kind of content on Facebook , ” the company said in a statement provided to CNNTech . “ We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook , and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety . ”
A source close to Facebook says it has “ thousands ” of people reviewing content around the world . Once a piece of content is reported by users as inappropriate , it is typically reviewed “ within 24 hours . ”
Facebook relies on a combination of algorithms , “ actual employees ” and its community of users to flag offensive content , says Stephen Balkam , founder and CEO of Family Online Safety Institute , a longtime member of Facebook 's safety advisory board .
“ They have reviewers in Asia , they have reviewers in Europe and they have reviewers in North America , ” Balkam says . But at least some of that is likely to come from more affordable contractors in Southeast Asia , according to Balkam and others .
“ It 's work that is treated as low status [ in Silicon Valley ] , ” says Sarah T. Roberts , an assistant professor at UCLA who studies online content moderation . “ It 's not the engineering department . It 's the ugly and necessary output of these platforms . ”
Roberts also criticizes the tech companies for placing some of the burden on users . “ It 's actually the users who are exposed to something that they find disturbing , and then they start that process of review , ” she says .
In the case of the most recent murder video , nearly two hours passed before users reported it on Facebook , according to the company . Facebook disabled the account behind the video 23 minutes after that .
In a lengthy manifesto about the future of Facebook published in February , CEO Mark Zuckerberg acknowledged “ terribly tragic events — like suicides , some live streamed — that perhaps could have been prevented if someone had realized what was happening and reported them sooner . ”
Zuckerberg said Facebook is developing artificial intelligence to better flag content on the site . This system “ already generates about one-third of all reports to the team that reviews content , ” according to Zuckerberg 's post .
“ It seems like a magic bullet , and it did n't help yesterday , did it ? ” Roberts says of the bet on AI .
Facebook is n't the only tech company going this route . Google said earlier this month it is relying on AI to pinpoint content that could be objectionable to advertisers , after a big brand boycott over extremist content on YouTube .
But as Facebook and Google build up video hubs in search of TV ad dollars , even one offensive or extremist video that slips through the cracks of human or AI moderators may be one too many .
“ I do n't think they understand that the correct answer is zero , ” says Brian Wieser , an analyst who covers both companies at Pivotal Research Group . “ Of course stuff goes wrong and you will make efforts to solve that problem when those problems arrive . But the standard is zero . ”
SAN DIEGO — Pinch-hitter Hunter Renfroe 's infield single in the ninth inning led to two runs when third baseman Miguel Rojas followed with a throwing error , lifting the San Diego Padres to a 3-2 victory over the Miami Marlins on Wednesday night .
Closer Brad Ziegler ( 0-5 ) coughed up a one-run lead when he loaded the bases with one out . Renfroe hit a chopper to Rojas , who was charging . He double-clutched his throw , which was low to first baseman Justin Bour . When the ball skipped away from Bour , Freddy Galvis came home with the winning run .
Matt Strahm ( 1-2 ) got the win for working the final two innings .
The Marlins lost for the 14th straight start by Jose Urena , a franchise record , which included 12 from this year . The right-hander entered the game receiving 2.84 runs per game , the third-lowest average in the majors , and got more measly support Wednesday .
Urena got just two runs on Starlin Castro 's homer before departing after six innings following a strong performance . He surrendered a run , three hits and two walks . He struck out six in a 93-pitch effort .
Reliever Drew Steckenrider gave up a two-out double to Manuel Margot in the seventh but got pinch-hitter Jose Pirela looking on a 95-mph fastball to strand the tying run .
Clayton Richard had won two of his last three starts and was relying on his slider in inducing the Marlins into harmlessly pounding the ball into 14 groundouts . The left-hander exited after seven innings of two-run ball . He allowed four hits and a walk , with five strikeouts .
Richard wiggled out of a jam after hitting Lewis Brinson to start the fifth and allowing JT Riddle 's single .
But when Urena tried to sacrifice , catcher Raffy Lopez made a fine play , pouncing on Urena 's bunt and retiring Brinson at third to change the inning . With two outs , J.T Realmuto walked to load the bases but Richard got Castro on a grounder to end the threat .
Franmil Reyes continued his hot streak with his third home run in three days , pulling the Padres to 2-1 in the fourth inning . The rookie right fielder took a high fastball the opposite way , his fourth homer in six games clanging off the right-field foul pole . Urena had sat down eight straight before Reyes ' blast .
( Repeats story removing final paragraph containing incorrect information provided by source )
By Rick Horrow
AUGUSTA , Georgia , April 6 It is anyone 's guess which player will wear the Green Jacket on Sunday night , but one certain winner of the Masters is the city of Augusta .
The tournament generates more than $ 100 million annually for the city and surrounding region , according to the OnGeorgia website , as an estimated 250,000 people who make the pilgrimage to Augusta each year open their wallets .
“ During the Masters , thousands of patrons spend millions of dollars at our stores , restaurants , hotels , and golf courses , ” said Augusta mayor Mayor Hardie Davis , Jr .
Augusta may not immediately conjure up images of a cutting-edge hub of technology but times are changing .
While the Masters and host Augusta National Golf Club are outwardly old-fashioned , evoking a more genteel bygone era behind their manicured flowerbeds , tech free on-course experience ( no cell phones or digital signage ) , and 1960s era food and drink prices , looks can be deceiving .
As millions of global golf fans prepare to watch the Masters on their TVs , phones and laptops , Augusta likes to bill itself the cyber capital of the American south . To figure out why , look no further than the adjacent Fort Gordon army base .
In 2012 , the National Security Agency ( NSA ) opened a regional headquarters on base at Augusta 's Fort Gordon . In late 2013 , the Army moved Cyber Command there from Maryland , and ever since , defense contractors such as MacAulay-Brown and Booze Allen Hamilton have opened local offices . The state has also announced plans to build the $ 50 million Georgia Cyber Innovation and Training Center in downtown Augusta , a partnership with the Fort , Augusta University , and local government .
Next time you are riding around a golf course , there 's a very good chance it will be in a cart built by an Augusta-based company , Textron Specialized Vehicles , which claims to manufacture 90 percent of the world 's golf carts .
As for the Masters , it 's no coincidence that two out of three of Augusta National 's pillar corporate partners are IBM and AT & T .
IBM powers the entire Masters suite of apps and digital platforms , and this year is bringing artificial intelligence technology to Augusta . For the first time at a sporting event , IBM is harnessing Watson 's – the company 's AI system – ability to see , hear , and learn to identify great golf shots at the Masters , based on crowd noise , player gestures , and other indicators , to create highlight reels . ( Editing by Andrew Both )
FILE PHOTO : An aerial view shows No . 4 ( front L ) , No . 3 ( front R ) , No . 2 ( rear L ) and No . 1 reactor buildings at Kansai Electric Power Co. 's Takahama nuclear power plant in Takahama town , Fukui prefecture , in this photo taken by Kyodo November 27 , 2014 . Mandatory credit . REUTERS/Kyodo/File Photo
TOKYO A Japanese high court on Tuesday overturned a lower court 's order to shut two reactors operated by Kansai Electric Power , a company spokesman said , potentially ending a drawn-out legal battle and helping the utility to cut fuel costs .
The decision , while positive for Kansai Electric , is not likely to speed the broader process of getting reactors back online nationally after the Fukushima nuclear disaster of six years ago , said a former advisor to the government and others .
`` The future of nuclear power is still uncertain . The decision does not mean that the courts will give a 'yes ' to other legal cases . Political uncertainty remains strong , too , '' said Tatsujiro Suzuki , a former vice chairman of the Japan Atomic Energy Commission , a government body .
The Osaka High Court overturned the first court-ordered shutdown of an operating nuclear plant in Japan . The lower court had decided last year in favor of residents living near the Takahama atomic station west of Tokyo after they had petitioned for the reactors at the plant to be shut .
Kansai Electric , Japan 's most nuclear-reliant utility before the disaster , estimates it will save 7 billion yen ( $ 63 million ) per month in fuel once it restarts both reactors .
The restart schedule for the reactors , however , is still uncertain because the utility has been conducting safety checks requested by local authorities after a large crane toppled onto another reactor building at the site due to strong winds in January , a Kansai Electric spokesman said earlier .
There are four reactors at the Takahama plant , with the earlier court order covering the two newest ones .
The company released a profit forecast after the verdict on Tuesday saying it estimates net income of 133 billion yen ( $ 1.2 billion ) in the year through March 31 , 2017 .
The Kansai case was one of many going through the courts after the Japanese public turned away from nuclear power following the Fukushima meltdowns of 2011 , the world 's worst nuclear calamity since Chernobyl in 1986 .
Just three out of Japan 's 42 operable reactors are running and the pace of restarts has been protracted despite strong support from Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's government , which is keen to restore a power source that provided about a third of electricity supply before the Fukushima disaster .
Residents have lodged injunctions against nuclear plants across Japan and lower courts have been increasingly siding with them on safety concerns .
Contentious verdicts are usually overturned by higher courts , where judges tend to be more attuned to government policy , judicial experts say .
`` We are going to win some and we are going to lose some , but the political and social situation is such that unstable prospects for restarts are here to stay , '' Aileen Mioko Smith , an advisor to the plaintiffs and a co-plaintiff in other lawsuits , told Reuters by phone from Osaka .
There are more than 30 cases going through Japan 's courts in which communities are seeking to stop reactors from operating , she said .
Kansai Electric shares had ended trading before the court decision was released . They closed 0.3 percent higher on Tuesday at 1,283 yen , while the broader market rose more than 1 percent .
( Reporting by Aaron Sheldrick and Osamu Tsukimori ; Editing by Tom Hogue )
BRIEF-1347 Property Insurance Holdings through unit agrees upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program
* 1347 Property Insurance Holdings- co through unit agreed upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program for 2017 - 2018 treaty year
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
67 'S 6 ICEDOGS 5
OTTAWA — Tye Felhaber struck twice as the 67 's downed Niagara .
Shaw Boomhower 's short-handed goal 1:26 into the third period was the winner for Ottawa ( 20-21-8 ) , while Mitchell Hoelscher , Nikita Okhotyuk and Sasha Chmelevski also found the back of the net .
Elijah Roberts , Billy Constantinou , Johnny Corneil , Akil Thomas and Sam Miletic scored for the IceDogs ( 26-15-7 ) .
-- -
BATTALION 5 STEELHEADS 3
MISSISSAUGA , Ont . — Matthew Struthers had a pair of goals as North Bay sailed past the Steelheads .
Brandon Coe put away the winner for the Battalion ( 23-21-6 ) at 4:43 of the third period . Jake Henderson and Luke Burghardt also scored for North Bay .
Cole Carter scored twice for Mississauga ( 23-25-1 ) , while Ryan McLeod added one of his own .
-- -
FIREBIRDS 3 STING 2 ( OT )
FLINT , Ont . — Maurizio Colella scored in overtime as the Firebirds downed Sarnia .
Connor Roberts and Ty Dellandrea had regulation-time goals for Flint ( 16-29-4 ) .
Jonathan Ang and Anthony Salinitri scored for the Sting ( 35-12-4 ) .
-- -
OTTERS 4 WOLVES 2
SUDBURY , Ont . — Troy Lajeunesse scored twice as Erie doubled up the Wolves .
Stephane Patry knocked in the winner for the Otters ( 15-26-9 ) at 8:43 of the third period . Christian Girhiny also scored for Erie .
Anthony Tabak and Cole Candella scored for Sudbury ( 13-32-6 ) .
-- -
RANGERS 4 BULLDOGS 3
KITCHENER , Ont . — Austin McEneny put away the winner late in the third period as the Rangers eked out a win over Hamilton .
Kole Sherwood , Logan Stanley and Joseph Garreffa also scored for Kitchener ( 34-14-2 ) .
Brandon Saigeon had a hat trick for the Bulldogs ( 33-12-6 ) .
-- -
COLTS 8 KNIGHTS 4
LONDON , Ont . — Ryan Suzuki and Zachary Magwood had two goals apiece as Barrie trounced the Knights .
Andrei Svechnikov 's second-period goal was the eventual winner for the Colts ( 28-18-3 ) , while Aaron Luchuk , Ben Hawerchuk and Dmitry Sokolov also scored .
Evan Bouchard had a pair of goals for London ( 26-19-4 ) , while Jacob Golden and Alex Formenton chipped in as well .
-- -
ATTACK 6 STORM 4
GUELPH , Ont . — Aidan Dudas scored twice as Owen Sound beat the Storm 6-4 .
Igor Chibrikov had the late third-period winner for the Attack ( 22-19-7 ) . Nick Suzuki , Maksim Sushko and Kevin Hancock also scored for Owen Sound .
Mark Woolley , Liam Hawel , Isaac Ratcliffe and Alexey Toropchenko responded for Guelph ( 24-21-4 ) .
-- -
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application .
By The Canadian Press
Catholic high school students in Hamilton can earn volunteer hours by attending anti-abortion prayer demonstrations — but both the premier and education minister say such activities are not appropriate for the mandatory community service required for graduation .
`` Each school board is responsible for developing a list of community involvement activities that the board considers acceptable , '' Education Minister Mitzie Hunter said in a statement to the Toronto Star .
`` We expect boards to develop a list of approved activities in consultation '' with parent councils and other committees , and `` in this case , providing these credits for such use does not seem to be what these community involvement activities were designed for , and we 're currently looking into the matter . ''
At an unrelated announcement on Friday , Premier Kathleen Wynne was surprised to learn students were earning credit for anti-abortion activities when asked about the issue by a reporter , who also said teens had allegedly been offered deals to earn more hours than they put in to attend .
`` That is the first I 've heard of that , and I will just say that was never the intention of the 40 hours of volunteer work , '' Wynne said .
The abortion issue has recently resurfaced at Queen 's Park , after Wynne 's Liberal government tabled new legislation to ban protests near clinics , pharmacies that dispense pregnancy termination pills as well as the homes of doctors and staff .
Then , on Thursday , the Liberals balked when the Progressive Conservatives requested the bill be fast-tracked and approved immediately . That move prompted critics to say the government was playing politics , keeping the issue in the news in the hopes of highlighting divisions within the PC party .
Wynne said Friday the harassment of women is `` unacceptable , so we will move as quickly as possible '' with the hopes of passing the bill before the end of the year .
`` But I think it is important , as with all legislation , that the public have an opportunity to weigh in … most legislation needs some amendment in order to get it right . ''
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $ 0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017 , compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
SHANGHAI , April 28 Short foreign currency positions in forwards and futures versus the yuan held by China 's central bank fell in March , the central bank said on Friday .
The People 's Bank of China held $ 12.094 billion of such positions with commercial banks as of the end of March , compared with $ 33.8 billion a month earlier , official data showed .
The figure stood at $ 45.3 billion at the end of January .
Friday 's data also showed that $ 550 million of short foreign currency positions were due to mature in up to one month .
China started to report the data early last year , following speculation that the central bank was using currency swaps and other derivatives to intervene in offshore forex markets to prop up its currency . ( Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk ; Editing by Sam Holmes )
Germany 's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit , no change seen
MESEBERG , Germany , June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19 , as planned , saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week 's parliamentary election in Britain .
LONDON , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Ducati can fight for the MotoGP title with both riders this year , works team manager Davide Tardozzi has said after Spaniard Jorge Lorenzo set the pace at the first pre-season test in Malaysia .
Italian Andrea Dovizioso was overall runner-up for Ducati last season but Lorenzo , a triple world champion , struggled and was only seventh in his first year with the team after nine seasons at Yamaha .
Lorenzo showed this week that he was back on form , however , by clocking the fastest ever lap on two wheels around Malaysia 's Sepang track to end the three-day test with the top time .
“ We 're happy with things in our garage . I think we can be competitive for the championship this year , with both riders , ” Tardozzi told the official motogp.com website on Friday .
“ Both our ( factory ) riders and ( Danilo ) Petrucci ( on a non-works Ducati ) have had very positive comments . They really appreciate the power delivery and the new engine , ” added the Italian .
“ We tried to make the engine smoother and less aggressive , this is something the riders requested . During the winter we worked on that and it looks like we got the results . ”
Lorenzo , who won all his MotoGP titles with Yamaha , said after the test ended on Tuesday that there was still plenty of room for improvement .
” I think we still have quite a big margin to arrive to our maximum potential , “ said the Mallorcan . ” This is a good sign because we finished first today and we still have some margin .
“ This bike gives more confidence and it is more to my riding ( style ) , ” he added .
Dovizioso , who won in Malaysia last year , was fourth fastest over the three days with Honda 's four times world champion Marc Marquez only eighth .
The next test starts in Thailand on Feb. 16 . ( Reporting by Alan Baldwin , editing by Toby Davis )
Local hotshots are lending a hand to an island left in the wake of Hurricane Maria .
The Crane Valley Hotshots , a fire crew stationed out of North Fork , were selected along with other hotshot crews from around the state to assist with hurricane relief in Puerto Rico .
While their specialty is fighting wildfires , the hotshots also serve as an all-risk national and international resource prepared to assist with disasters , including earthquakes and hurricanes .
“ Our main duty is to fight fires all over the United States , but we also provide relief if a natural disaster arises , ” said crewmember Joshua Nagel .
As of Oct. 3 , the Category-5 hurricane has left 78 dead and $ 91.12 billion in damages in its wake .
The 20-man crew will be primarily responsible for clearing roads and cutting down trees to clear pathways for incoming resources , and help residents and other relief crews gain access to Puerto Rico 's rural areas .
“ The crew is really excited to go , they 're just chomping at the bit , ” said Crane Valley Hotshots co-captain , Robert Moreno . “ They know it 's new for us , new for them , so we 're all excited just to get over there . We 're going to be taking 10-12 chainsaws with us to help us with our mission of opening roadways . A lot of supplies are coming into airports but getting the supplies out is a challenge , and that 's where we come in . ”
The crew takes off to Puerto Rico today from Travis Air Force Base in Fairfield and is expected to spend 2-4 weeks on the island .
“ About 15-20 years ago , the [ U.S. ] Forest Service got more involved in assisting with things like natural disaster relief , ” said Moreno . “ When FEMA ( Federal Emergency Management Agency ) came around , you started hearing more of the term ‘ all-risk , ' which is what we 're doing now . It is n't really in our wheelhouse to do this kind of disaster relief but we 're really glad to be doing it , it 's new and it 's exciting . These assignments do n't come around very often , so this is kind of a one-in-a-lifetime opportunity . ”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. -- Senator Tim Kaine along with 11 members of Congress will head to Puerto Rico Saturday to assess the damage after Hurricane Maria ravaged the U.S. territory last month .
Kaine said the members of congress want to see the damage with their own eyes because they have to come up with an emergency relief package , just like they did for Texas and Florida .
`` Puerto Ricans are American citizens just like Virginians or Texans or Floridians , ” said Kaine Friday .
Kaine will join a bipartisan group of senators and representatives that includes Kirsten Gillibrand ( D. ) of New York and Ron Johnson ( R. ) of Wisconsin .
“ This devastation is catastrophic from the pictures , but also from my conversations with the governor of Puerto Rico and others on the island , but I have n't been there yet , ” said Kaine .
Kaine , who 's apart of the budget committee , said Congress will be working from now through the end of December on a major budget deal to help the island recover .
“ I want to make sure that the resources that we are devoting to this emergency relief are sufficient , ” he added .
Kaine , who is fluent in Spanish , said he plans on talking to many of the citizens who are directly affected by Hurricane Maria .
“ I will hopefully be able to get information from them , they may be able to share some pictures with me about other parts of the island that I wo n't be able to go to , I 'm going to try to bring back as much of that as I can , ” said Kaine .
Eflin wins again , Knapp has key hit as Phillies beat O 's
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-9 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 9 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Matt Slocum , AP Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Image 1 of 9 Philadelphia Phillies ' Zach Eflin pitches during the third inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Philadelphia . Philadelphia Phillies ' Zach Eflin pitches during the third inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Philadelphia . Photo : Matt Slocum , AP Image 2 of 9 Lightning strikes near Citizens Bank Park during a storm before a baseball game between the Philadelphia Phillies and the Baltimore Orioles , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Philadelphia . Lightning strikes near Citizens Bank Park during a storm before a baseball game between the Philadelphia Phillies and the Baltimore Orioles , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Philadelphia . Photo : Matt Slocum , AP Image 3 of 9 Philadelphia Phillies ' Rhys Hoskins follows through after hitting a two-run double off Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Alex Cobb during the third inning of a baseball game , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Philadelphia . less Philadelphia Phillies ' Rhys Hoskins follows through after hitting a two-run double off Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Alex Cobb during the third inning of a baseball game , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in ... more Photo : Matt Slocum , AP Image 4 of 9 Baltimore Orioles ' Manny Machado , right , slides into second base past Philadelphia Phillies second baseman Scott Kingery after Machado hit a double during the fourth inning of a baseball game , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Philadelphia . less Baltimore Orioles ' Manny Machado , right , slides into second base past Philadelphia Phillies second baseman Scott Kingery after Machado hit a double during the fourth inning of a baseball game , Tuesday , July 3 , ... more Photo : Matt Slocum , AP Image 5 of 9 Image 6 of 9 Philadelphia Phillies first baseman Carlos Santana catches a pop foul out by Baltimore Orioles ' Jonathan Schoop during the seventh inning of a baseball game , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Philadelphia . Philadelphia won 3-2. less Philadelphia Phillies first baseman Carlos Santana catches a pop foul out by Baltimore Orioles ' Jonathan Schoop during the seventh inning of a baseball game , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Philadelphia . Philadelphia ... more Photo : Matt Slocum , AP Image 7 of 9 Philadelphia Phillies ' Andrew Knapp hits an RBI-triple off Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Alex Cobb during the fourth inning of a baseball game , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Philadelphia . Philadelphia Phillies ' Andrew Knapp hits an RBI-triple off Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Alex Cobb during the fourth inning of a baseball game , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Philadelphia . Photo : Matt Slocum , AP Image 8 of 9 Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Alex Cobb wipes his face after being pulled during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Philadelphia . Philadelphia won 3-2. less Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Alex Cobb wipes his face after being pulled during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Philadelphia . ... more Photo : Matt Slocum , AP Image 9 of 9 Eflin wins again , Knapp has key hit as Phillies beat O 's 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) — Zach Eflin and the Phillies are on a roll .
Eflin pitched seven strong innings for his sixth straight victory , Andrew Knapp had the winning hit for the second straight game and Philadelphia beat the Baltimore Orioles 3-2 on Tuesday night for its 11th win in 16 games .
Rhys Hoskins had a two-run double , rookie Seranthony Dominguez pitched four outs for his eighth save and Maikel Franco made a game-saving defensive play for the Phillies , who pulled within 2 ½ games of the Braves for first place in the NL East .
`` It was a great team win , '' Eflin said .
Eflin ( 7-2 ) allowed two runs and five hits with six strikeouts and no walks to become the first Phillies pitcher since Cliff Lee in 2011 to record six consecutive wins . The right-hander has a 1.91 ERA while striking out 34 and walking six in 37 2/3 innings over that stretch .
`` More aggressive and trusting my pitches , '' Eflin said .
The Phillies bullpen preserved the win , but it got interesting .
Tommy Hunter got the first two outs of the eighth before manager Gabe Kapler went to Dominguez with Orioles star Manny Machado up .
`` One of the best hitters in the game , you try to neutralize him with your best bullet , '' Kapler said .
Dominguez walked Machado and Mark Trumbo to load the bases for Chris Davis . Franco made a stellar diving play to his right at third base to snare Davis ' ground ball before throwing him out at first to keep the Phillies ahead 3-2 . The out was upheld after an Orioles challenge .
`` Play of the game , '' Kapler said . `` Got us the win . ''
Franco , who has been in and out of the lineup this season , cherished the out .
`` I just tried to make a good play and make a good throw , '' he said . `` I wanted that play so bad . ''
Trumbo homered for Baltimore , which has dropped eight of nine .
`` The effort was there , '' Trumbo said . `` The frustration , it 's as much as you make of it . ''
The game was delayed 1 hour , 25 minutes due to rain and played mostly under a persistent drizzle .
Philadelphia took a one-run lead in the fourth on Knapp 's two-out triple to right off Alex Cobb ( 2-10 ) that scored Nick Williams . Knapp , Philadelphia 's backup catcher , started two days after his game-ending homer in the 13th lifted the Phillies over the Nationals 4-3 .
Cobb gave up three runs on four hits with five strikeouts and three walks in 6 2/3 innings .
Trumbo staked Baltimore to a 1-0 lead by crushing Eflin 's 94 mph fastball into the seats in left in the second .
Philadelphia went in front 2-1 in the third on Hoskins ' two-out double off the wall in left that scored Franco and Cesar Hernandez .
CHEERS FOR MANNY
Machado , speculated to be a target of the Phillies either via trade or free agency , was loudly cheered when he was introduced by PA announcer Dan Baker prior to the contest .
EFLIN 'S BLISTER
Eflin was pulled after just 82 pitches , and Kapler said that was partly because of a blister on Eflin 's right middle finger . Eflin said he was ready and able to continue if asked . Eflin was hampered consistently by blisters last season , but Tuesday was his first time dealing with one this year .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Orioles : OF Colby Rasmus has been placed on the restricted list after informing the club that he was leaving the team . Rasmus has struggled with a left hip injury for two seasons . He was hitting .133 with one homer in 18 games this season after signing a one-year , $ 3 million deal in the offseason . ... INF Steve Wilkerson ( left oblique ) was placed on the 10-day DL . Wilkerson , who is 4 for 17 since making his debut June 20 , was injured in Sunday 's 8-2 win over the Angels .
Phillies : RHP Jerad Eickhoff ( right lat strain ) will throw live batting practice Wednesday . He has been out all season . ... Reliever Edubray Ramos ( right shoulder impingement ) , who has been on the DL since June 25 , threw a bullpen Tuesday and could be activated on Friday .
UP NEXT
Baltimore rookie RHP Yefry Ramirez ( 0-1 , 2.89 ) will make his second start and third appearance with the Orioles against Phillies RHP Aaron Nola ( 10-2 , 2.48 ) on Wednesday afternoon .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
BOULDER , Colo. — McKinley Wright scored 21 points , Lucas Siewert had 13 and Colorado held Utah to a season-low point total in beating the Utes 67-55 on Friday night .
George King added 12 points and 10 rebounds for Colorado ( 13-10 , 5-6 Pac-12 ) , which snapped a three-game skid as well as a seven-game losing streak to Utah ( 13-9 , 5-6 ) .
It was Wright 's fifth 20-plus point game this season and first since he also had 21 points against Iowa on Dec. 22 .
Utah did not have a player score in double figures and was outshot by the Buffaloes 43.1 to 35.1 per cent . David Collette 's eight points led the Utes , whose previous low point total came in an 85-58 loss to UNLV on Nov. 22 .
King said the Buffaloes focused their defensive effort on Utah 's perimeter shooters . The Utes had come converting an average of nearly 10 3-pointers per game but finished with seven against Colorado , including two in the final 4:01 when the game was all but out of reach .
`` We did a good job of taking away their strengths , '' King said . `` Our coaches challenged us to go out and prevent that and that 's what we were able to do . ... We just had a lot of energy and effort . We had a sense of urgency . I think that when we got stops , it ignited us offensively . ''
It was just the opposite for the Utes , who never hit their stride offensively .
`` It was a grind from an offensive point of view , '' said Utah coach Larry Krystkowiak . `` We just did n't have a whole lot of momentum and anything clicking . ''
Colorado coach Tad Boyle said the win , coming in the first part of a three-game homestand that concludes with California and Stanford next week , helps position the Buffaloes for a strong finish in the season 's final month .
`` I 've said it earlier , you ca n't win three in a row unless you win the first one , '' Boyle said . `` We 've just got to take it as it goes but this is the time of year I think it 's really important that we are emotionally , physically , mentally ready to take on all the challenges that come in February and March .
São Paulo , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - The Brazilian government will not spend much more time trying to persuade legislators to vote in favor of its proposed pension reform and will push for a quick resolution of the issue , President Michel Temer said on Friday .
Temer said during an interview for Rede TV broadcast the government estimates it currently has the support of 271 out of 513 legislators . It would need 308 votes to pass the reform . The president expects the proposal , considered key to reduce Brazil 's growing budget deficit , to go up for a vote this month . ( Reporting by Marcelo Teixeira ; Editing by Tom Brown )
WEST BROMWICH , England — Southampton moved out of the relegation zone and left West Bromwich Albion in deeper trouble in last place in the English Premier League by winning 3-2 at the Hawthorns on Saturday .
Goals from Mario Lemina and Jack Stephens turned the game around for Southampton in the final five minutes of the first half after Ahmed Hegazi 's opener .
James Ward-Prowse sealed a 3-2 victory with a free kick in the second half , then Salomon Rondon pulled a goal back with a header in the 72nd minute .
But West Brom could n't level and is four points from safety , while Southampton moved two points clear of the relegation zone .
HOUSTON , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Exxon Mobil Corp , the world 's largest publicly-traded oil producer , said on Friday its quarterly profit jumped more than four-fold on rising oil prices and cost cuts .
The company posted net income of $ 8.4 billion , or $ 1.97 per share , compared to $ 1.7 billion , or 41 cents per share , in the year-ago quarter .
The company saw a $ 5.9 billion non-cash benefit related to recent U.S. tax reform to revalue deferred taxes .
Production fell 3 percent to 4 million barrels of oil equivalent per day . ( Reporting by Ernest Scheyder ; Editing by Nick Zieminski )
`` We really want to work with our owners to accelerate the pace of renovations and the quality of the restaurant image in Canada , '' Swartz said .
`` We 're really encouraged by the initial results that we 've had , both quantitative and qualitative , in testing with our guests . ''
RBI 's previously announced $ 700-million renovation plan to spruce up its restaurants is one of the factors in its feud with GWNFA , which claims to represent more than ? half of all the franchisees .
The franchisees say that the company has effectively changed the rent and royalty structure by saddling franchisees with increasing costs and requiring them to renovate stores at their own expense .
The dissident franchisee group was quick to point out it believed the plan was ill-conceived and would cost individual restaurant owners about $ 450,000 .
During the conference call , however , Swartz said `` we have managed to increase average franchise profitability in Canada by a significant amount since we first acquired Tim Hortons . ''
The company , which keeps its books in U.S. dollars , earned US $ 147.8 million or 59 cents per diluted share for the quarter ended March 31 . That compared with a profit of $ 50.2 million or 21 cents per diluted share a year ago . Revenue totalled $ 1.25 billion , up from $ 1 billion in the same quarter last year .
On an adjusted basis , Restaurant Brands , which also owns Burger King and Popeyes , says it earned 66 cents per share for the quarter , up from 36 cents per share a year ago .
Analysts on average had expected a profit of 56 cents per share , according to Thomson Reuters
Companies in this story : ( TSX : QSR )
By The Canadian Press
March 30 Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc
* CEO Steve Ells ' FY 2016 total compensation was $ 15.7 million versus $ 13.8 million in fy 2015 - SEC Filing
* Former Co-CEO Monty Moran 's FY 2016 total compensation was $ 15.5 million versus $ 13.6 million in FY 2015
* Former CFO Jack Hartung 's FY 2016 total compensation was $ 6.9 million versus $ 6.0 million in FY 2015
* Chipotle Mexican Grill - Shareholders agreed to withdraw shareholder proposal calling for separation of chairman and CEO positions , appoint independent chairman
* Chipotle Mexican Grill - Agreed with shareholders Amalgamated Bank and CTW Investment Group to further strengthen lead director position
* Chipotle Mexican Grill - Lead director will write annual letter to shareholders to be included in proxy statement for annual shareholder meetings each year , beginning 2018
* Chipotle Mexican Grill - Lead director to review and approve the agenda for each board meeting
* Chipotle Mexican Grill - Lead director together with chair of compensation committee , lead annual performance evaluation of chief executive officer Source text : [ bit.ly/2nANBEe ] Further company coverage :
An independent committee is currently conducting a province wide public consultation on the ALR and ALC
James Cherry thinks the Agricultural Land Commission ( ALC ) is not doing enough to encourage farm production . On Thursday he voiced his opinion as part of a public forum held on the Agricultural Land Reserve ( ALR ) at the Community Centre . Cherry owns a farm on ALR land South of Revelstoke .
The public forum at the Revelstoke Community Centre on March 15 was part of a province-wide public consultation process .
The opinions collected from the about six groups and 40 people who brainstormed and shared their ideas will be sent on to an independent committee for review , who are currently conducting a public consultation process with the end goal of “ revitalizing the ALR and ALC ” under the direction of the Minister of Agriculture .
The intent of the revitalization project is to encourage agricultural production , preserve the productive capacity of land in the ALR , and strengthen the administration and regulation of the ALR .
The ALR was set up by the BCNDP government of Dave Barrett in 1973 , who succeeded the Social Credit government of W.A.C . Bennett in 1972 . The intention of the legislation was to preserve 4.7 million hectares of land for agriculture .
At the time the ALR was considered groundbreaking , and was in part a reaction to both the birth of the modern environmental movement and the ‘ back to the land ' movement , which resulted in one of the largest mass migrations in North American history .
Community Futures Food Security Director Melissa Hemphill — who gave a roughly 15 minute address on the ALR and ALC on Thursday , and who participated in organizing and hosting the event — said the lunch and brainstorming session was intended to give local residents an opportunity to be heard by the provincial government , and to think about how the ALR and ALC impact Revelstoke .
“ It 's important just to have an opportunity to talk about the ALR and how our community is affected by it and the changes we 'd like to see , ” said Hemphill . “ I think there is a conflict between property owners within the ALR who want to keep it as it is , and those who want to see it developed . ”
The topics discussed by the breakout groups were : residential uses of the ALR , farm processing and sales in the ALR , regulation of the ALR by the ALC , and resource extraction in the ALR .
The ALC is an independent administrative body that governs the ALR .
The ALC 's mandate is to encourage farm production and restrict non-agricultural uses .
About 4.6 per cent of the land base of B.C . is ALR land , says a case study published in a B.C . Open Ed textbook in 2014 .
According to Hemphill , who said she read the figure cited in a recent study , less than 50 per cent of that land is used for agriculture .
The vast majority of ALR land locally is outside City Limits , South of Revelstoke , along Airport Rd .
The independent revitalization committee under the direction of the BC NDP has asked for public opinions to be sent in by the end of April .
According to the provincial government , “ any legislative changes that support the revitalization of the commission and the reserve are targeted for late 2018 or early 2019 . ”
@ Jnsherman
jake.sherman @ revelstokereview.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
WASHINGTON , April 5 U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday that tax reform will take longer to accomplish than repealing and replacing Obamacare would , saying Congress and the White House were initially closer to agreement on healthcare legislation than on tax policy .
`` The House has a ( tax reform ) plan but the Senate does n't quite have one yet . They 're working on one . The White House has n't nailed it down , '' Ryan told an audience in Washington .
`` So even the three entities are n't on the same page yet on tax reform , '' he added . ( Reporting by David Morgan ; Editing by James Dalgleish )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
DARKE COUNTY – A pair of Arcanum forwards who are having strong sophomore seasons are this week 's Daily Advocate athletes of the week .
This week 's athletes of the week are Arcanum boys basketball player Carter Gray and Arcanum girls basketball player Kayla O'Daniel .
Gray leads Arcanum with 16.4 points per game , which puts him among the top five scorers in Darke County this season .
“ He has become a consistent scorer for us this season and a player that opposing defenses have to pay attention to , ” Arcanum boys basketball coach Marcus Bixler said .
Gray showed his shooting ability last week in a close game against Franklin Monroe when he drained six 3-pointers in the first half .
After nearly upsetting Franklin Monroe , Arcanum posted back-to-back wins at Newton and Eaton . The development of Gray is one of the reasons for the Trojans ' success .
“ Carter works extremely hard on improving his game and continually adding to his skill set , ” Bixler said .
O'Daniel leads the Arcanum girls basketball team with 11.4 points per game this season and 5.9 rebounds per game , both of which put her among the 10 top in the county .
“ She has been a consistent player for us all year , doing a great job scoring and rebounding , ” Arcanum girls basketball coach Matt Grote said .
O'Daniel helped lead the Trojans to three consecutive wins against Mississinawa Valley , Dixie and Newton .
“ She 's also a terrific leader , ” Grote said . “ She stays positive , picks her teammates up and works hard every day . ”
Arcanum boys basketball player Carter Gray and Arcanum girls basketball player Kayla O'Daniel have been named this week 's Daily Advocate athletes of the week . To nominate a Darke County athlete for athlete of the week , contact Sports Editor Kyle Shaner at 937-569-4316 or kshaner @ dailyadvocate.com . http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/02/web1_Gray-ODaniel-WEB.jpg Arcanum boys basketball player Carter Gray and Arcanum girls basketball player Kayla O'Daniel have been named this week 's Daily Advocate athletes of the week . To nominate a Darke County athlete for athlete of the week , contact Sports Editor Kyle Shaner at 937-569-4316 or kshaner @ dailyadvocate.com . Dale Barger | For The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner kshaner @ aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
STOCKHOLM Sweden 's police chief said on Monday he remained confident it is the truck driver in the Friday attack in Stockholm that police hold in custody .
`` I am confident and certain that we have the right perpetrator . Then it is up to the prosecutor to prove this in court , '' the head of the national police , Dan Eliasson , told a news conference .
Four people died in the attack .
( Reporting by Bjorn Rundstrom )
* STOXX down 0.1 pct , but set for best week since December
* UBS rallies as wealth management turnaround pleases
* But Barclays hit after missing out on trading boom
* Gemalto profit warning hammers shares
* BAML ups STOXX target , sees 2017 earning up 15 pct ( Adds details , updates prices )
By Danilo Masoni
MILAN , April 28 European shares eased on Friday as investors took profits at the end of a strong week with earnings in focus as political worries subsided , while UBS soared after a profit beat .
The STOXX 600 index was down 0.1 percent by 0816 GMT , adding to the previous session 's losses , while Britain 's FTSE was down 0.3 percent and France 's CAC was flat .
UBS rallied 2.6 percent to a three-month high as a long-awaited turnaround in its core wealth management business helped Switzerland 's biggest bank deliver its second-best start to a year since the financial crisis .
`` The key highlight is a great recovery in the most important wealth management , '' Baader Helvea analyst Tomasz Grzelak said . `` This well needed development will significantly lower investor concerns about the key UBS 's growth engine . ''
But British rival Barclays fell 4.2 percent after its investment bank missed out on a bond trading boom that saw earnings surge at its Wall Street rivals , even though its first quarter profit more than doubled .
French drugmaker Sanofi rose 2.1 percent after it reported higher-than-expected first-quarter profits , buoyed by its speciality care division Genzyme , vaccines and consumer products acquired from Germany 's Boehringer Ingelheim .
Gemalto fell by as much as 23 percent , making it the biggest faller on the STOXX after the Dutch digital security firm cut its 2017 profit forecast due to slow adoption of chip-enabled payment cards in the United States .
Earning also drove price action for other top STOXX movers .
French tele-services provider Teleperformance surged more than 7 percent to an all-time high following better than expected results , while aluminium producer Norsk Hydro fell 6.3 percent after posting first-quarter results below forecast across all divisions .
Despite Friday 's weakness , the pan-European index is set to end the week up 2.4 percent - its strongest week since December - and close to a 20-month high hit on Wednesday as fresh money poured into the region 's equities on the back of the market friendly outcome of the first round of France 's presidential election .
Strategist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch raised their target for the STOXX to 420 points and said they expected European earnings growing 15 percent this year , adding to growing broker optimism about prospects for the region 's stocks . ( Reporting by Danilo Masoni ; Editing by Angus MacSwan )
( Repeats April 12 column . The opinions expressed here are those of the author , a columnist for Reuters . )
* LME volumes in Q1 by major contract tmsnrt.rs/2p4ZSDT
By Andy Home
LONDON , April 12 The London Metal Exchange ( LME ) has just laid to rest its steel billet contract .
No need to panic if you did n't notice . The contract has n't traded since June 2015 . The last 65 tonnes of registered billet stock left the LME warehouse system a year ago .
The exchange has tweaked and prodded the contract many times since its launch in 2008 but to no avail .
`` The LME believes that the steel billet contract no longer functions as an effective price discovery tool and risk management solution for the physical industry , '' the exchange said in an April 10 notice to members . The contract will be suspended with immediate effect .
Fortunately for the LME , it has two replacement products for the steel industry 's hedging needs .
Its steel scrap contract , launched in November 2015 , seems to be doing just fine . Volumes surged to 54,700 lots in the first quarter of 2017 from 1,729 a year ago . Open interest at the end of March hit a new record at 4,691 lots .
The steel rebar contract , launched at the same time , is also experiencing steady growth , albeit not on the same scale .
Unlike billet , which ran into deliverability problems almost as soon as it was launched , these steel products are not physically deliverable but are rather monthly contracts cash settled against third-party indices .
Such a format , the LME said , is `` better suited for the risk management needs of the steel industry '' .
The steel contracts ' success would appear to reinforce the case for the LME to re-engineer its other contracts towards a more standardised format .
Because the broader picture is one of still-falling volumes , keeping the pressure on the exchange , and its owner , Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing , to try and turn the trend .
Graphic on LME volumes in Q1 2017 by major contract :
tmsnrt.rs/2p4ZSDT
STILL SLIDING
Average daily volumes on the LME fell by 13.1 percent in March and 4.6 percent in the first quarter .
Those headline figures , however , somewhat overstate the trend due to the higher number of trading days this year relative to last year .
In absolute terms volumes were down by `` only '' 1.5 percent in the first three months of 2017 .
The problem is that the trend of falling volumes has been running almost continuously for over two years now .
Successes such as the steel contracts and cobalt , which has seen volumes explode over recent months as the price has gone on a super-charged rally , are still too small to compensate for lower activity in the LME 's core contracts .
True , there are other exceptions to the trend .
Both nickel and zinc saw volumes increase year-on-year in the first quarter to the tune of 5.0 percent and 6.8 percent respectively .
But on the other side of the ledger , aluminium alloy seems to be hovering on the brink of meltdown with volumes collapsing by 56 percent in the first quarter .
CORE PROBLEMS
Let 's face it . The alloy contract could go the way of other failed LME offerings such as molybdenum without creating any shock waves through the industrial metals landscape .
The real issue facing the LME , both exchange and trading community , is the slide in volumes in flagship contracts such as aluminium and copper .
The latter has become the poster child for the reformist faction in the LME community because of the contrast between falling activity in London , where volumes tumbled another 7.7 percent in the first quarter , and the CME 's contract , which saw volumes increase by 25.2 percent .
This seems to suggest that business is migrating away from the LME with its complex date system to the more vanilla futures product offered by CME .
But it may not be as straightforward as that .
If there was a wholesale shift of business towards CME because of its product structure , how come its lead and zinc contracts are moribund ? Neither traded at all in March and lead has n't traded so far this year .
The CME 's most successful new contracts have been its physical aluminium premium suite , which complements rather than directly challenges the LME 's own aluminium contract .
That the CME copper contract is attracting incremental new business is not in doubt . To what extent it is doing so by directly grabbing existing LME business , on the other hand , is moot .
It 's worth noting , by the way , that the third pillar of global copper trading , the Shanghai Futures Exchange , has experienced a 41-percent decline in copper volumes so far this year .
Does that mean it too is losing business to CME or is it simply a case of speculative money moving into more exciting markets such as lead , where Shanghai volumes rocketed by 500 percent in the first quarter ?
A FINE LINE
Excepting the puzzling copper piece of the liquidity jigsaw , the overall downtrend in LME volumes would appear to bear out the views of the traditionalists on the exchange , who argue that the real culprit is the increase in trading fees which has sent business back into the over-the-counter shadows .
How else to explain , for example , falling volumes in the lead contract with no apparent beneficial impact on the CME 's contract ?
If fees are the real problem , traditionalists argue , there 's no need for a wholesale restructuring of existing contracts to stop the rot .
The demise of the billet contract may signify nothing more than that it was always a flawed concept , rooted in physical delivery in Turkey , a country that simply did n't have the right tax code to cover trading of metal in bonded warehouses .
That the downtrend in LME volumes is a problem for the exchange and its users , particularly the broker community , is not in question .
Why volumes have been falling is a much harder question to answer . It 's a messy mix of industrial cycle , investment cycle , fee cycle and , somewhere in there , contract structure .
Pity the new chief executive who will have to disentangle this knot and try and find the fine line between traditionalists and reformists and their respective camps of industrial and speculative users .
Fortunately for him , or her , everyone is going to get a stab at answering the question . A major discussion paper is on its way .
Whether it generates a clear answer remains to be seen . But each passing month of lower volumes sharpens the question .
( Editing by Susan Thomas )
Paul Tudor Jones , founder and chief investment officer of Tudor Investment Corporation , speaks at the Sohn Investment Conference in New York , May 5 , 2014 . REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
LONDON/BOSTON `` Macro '' hedge funds are back in favor with investors seeking to take a view on U.S. President Donald Trump 's economic policies , European elections , or interest rates , but it is start-up funds rather than established players which are attracting cash .
Some of the main beneficiaries of the macro revival are managers who cut their teeth at the big macro firms such as Moore Capital Management , Brevan Howard and Tudor Investment Corp , which made their names for outperformance in 2007-2009 .
Eric Siegel , head of hedge funds at Citi Private Bank ( C.N ) , said in general that macro strategies are likely to thrive . “ With volatility coming back and monetary supply tightening , we believe it could be a great environment for macro managers , ” Siegel said .
Macro funds bet on macroeconomic trends using currencies , bonds , rates and stock futures . They outperformed the broader industry during the financial crisis and amassed tens of billions of dollars between 2010 and 2012 . But they lost most of those assets between 2013 and 2014 and also in 2016 for a variety of reasons , including performance .
But macro is back in vogue and was the most popular hedge fund strategy among investors in the fourth quarter of 2016 and the first two months of this year , according to industry data providers Preqin and eVestment .
Moore Capital 's Louis Moore Bacon , Alan Howard , who co-founded Brevan Howard , and Paul Tudor Jones of Tudor Investment were among the macro stars after years of delivering double-digit returns .
But during the lean years , when macro was less in favor , they had to cut fees and in some cases staff .
Now newcomers , such as Moore Capital spin-out Stone Milliner , are pulling in cash and producing some strong returns .
Stone Milliner 's discretionary global macro closed to new money last year after taking in over $ 4 billion in the previous two years .
Moore Capital 's assets have fallen slightly from $ 15 billion in 2012 to $ 13.3 billion as of Dec. 31 2016 , filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) showed .
Anglo-Swiss firm Stone Milliner , set up in 2012 by former Moore Capital portfolio managers Jens-Peter Stein and Kornelius Klobucar , averaged returns of 8.3 percent between 2014 and 2016 , a source told Reuters , while Moore Capital Management averaged 3.4 percent , a second source said .
London-based Gemsstock , set up in January 2014 by Moore Capital trader Darren Read and his co-founder Al Breach , made 12.8 percent on average over the same period , documents seen by Reuters showed .
Chris Rokos , a Brevan Howard alumnus , raised another $ 2 billion in February after returns of 20 percent in 2016 .
EDL Capital made gains of 18.4 percent last year after ex-Moore Capital trader Edouard De Langlade launched the firm in September 2015 , according to a source close to EDL Capital . It has amassed assets of $ 450 million to date , he said .
Ben Melkman , who also formerly worked at Brevan Howard until May 2016 , raised over $ 400 million for his launch in March , SEC filings showed .
Brevan Howard 's firm-wide assets fell to $ 14.6 billion in 2017 , from $ 37 billion in 2012 . [ here ]
RUSH FOR MACRO
But the old guard are fighting back . Some have been cutting fees and offering alternatives .
Howard , Brevan Howard 's co-founder , last month launched a new fund managed solely by him , which sources said has already amassed more than $ 3 billion .
Tudor Investment lowered its management fees to 1.75 percent and performance fees to 20 percent in February after a reduction last year and Moore Capital cut the management fee on its Moore Macro Managers fund to 2.5 percent from 3 percent .
Tudor Jones laid off 15 percent of staff in August . The firm 's main Tudor BVI Global Fund started 2017 down 0.6 percent to March 3 after gaining 0.9 percent in 2016 .
Brevan cut its management fees to zero for some current investors in its Master Fund and its Multi-Strategy fund last September after a similar move from Caxton Associates .
But for both the old and new macro funds , it is still to be determined what 2017 will hold .
Even though macro funds are flat on average for the first two months of 2017 , making gains of just 0.38 percent , according to Hedge Fund Research , the popularity of macro strategies is not in doubt .
A Credit Suisse survey in March of more than 320 institutional investors with $ 1.3 trillion in hedge funds showed macro was set to be the favorite strategy of 2017 .
Preqin data showed that after pulling assets out of macro for three back-to-back quarters , investors added $ 6.4 billion to the strategy in the fourth quarter of 2016 after Trump 's win .
eVestment data showed that macro funds have pulled in $ 4.4 billion in the first two months of 2017 , demonstrating a turnaround from 2016 when investors took $ 9.8 billion out of macro after withdrawing $ 10 billion in 2013 and $ 19.1 billion in 2014 .
`` I do n't think macro is dead . Managers who can be nimble and are able to look outside the large liquid asset classes can still find great opportunities , '' Erin Browne , head of Global Macro Investments at UBS O'Connor , said .
Representatives at Tudor did not immediately respond to a request to comment . Moore Capital had no comment . A spokesman at Brevan declined to comment .
( Editing by Jane Merriman )
THE CLOSURE and rehabilitation of Boracay is seen to cost the economy some P1.96 billion in six months , the National Economic and Development Authority ( NEDA ) said Tuesday , April 24 .
“ In terms of the amount , the reduction in GDP ( gross domestic product ) itself will amount to around P980 million only , so it 's a small amount , ” Socioeconomic Planning Secretary Ernesto M. Pernia told reporters on Tuesday on the sidelines of the Development Budget Coordination Committee meeting yesterday .
Mr. Pernia clarified that the P980 million is what the economy would lose per quarter . If the rehabilitation of Boracay would extend up to six months , it would cause the economy to lose P1.96 billion . — Elijah Joseph C. Tubayan
KIEV , March 29 Ukraine 's National Anti-Corruption Bureau ( NABU ) searched the offices of the central bank on Wednesday as part of an investigation into allegations that central bank officials abused their position to benefit third parties .
NABU said it suspected that central bank staff , in collusion with `` officials of a number of commercial banks , took actions violating Ukraine 's law on banks and banking activities and this did serious damage to the state 's interests '' .
Its statement did not name any officials and said none of the suspects had been notified .
NABU said the investigation , launched in February , was related to the activities of central bank officials from 2015 to 2016 .
The central bank confirmed the search had taken place and that it had given NABU access to documents . It said law enforcement agencies had conducted 155 such searches last year at the central bank . ( Reporting by Natalia Zinets ; writing by Matthias Williams ; editing by Andrew Roche )
ASTANA May 3 The Syrian armed opposition said on Wednesday it had suspended its participation in the talks on settling the Syrian crisis being held in the Kazakh capital Astana , demanding an end to government bombardment of the areas under its control .
`` The delegation has suspended its participation after presenting a memorandum for a total commitment to stopping ( government ) bombardments , '' said political opposition SNC spokesman Ahmad Ramadan . ( Reporting by John Davison and Olzhas Auyezov ; Writing by Dmitry Solovyov ; Editing by Maria Kiselyova )
March 28 SW International Holding Pte . Ltd
* intends to make a voluntary conditional cash offer for all the issued ordinary shares in the capital of top global limited
* offer price for each offer share : s $ 0.330 in cash Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
`` We did a good job all around on a lot of areas , '' Trotz said . `` We cleaned a few things . There are some areas that we 've still gone to adjust , but it was a step forward . ''
After killing off a penalty early in the second period , Washington pushed ahead on a power play of its own at 5:38 when Ovechkin scored his 13th goal of the playoffs from a tight angle thanks to Eller 's slick cross-ice pass .
Eller then set up Orpik , who last scored in the post-season all the way back in April 2014 , on a shot that struck the leg of Vegas forward Cody Eakin and bounced past Fleury at 9:41 to make it 3-1 .
`` Brooksy does n't score a lot of goals , but that was a huge one , '' Eller said of the 37-year-old blue liner . `` To have success in the playoffs you need every single guy chipping in . ''
Orpik was n't available to the media after the game because he was getting stitches from the Capitals ' medical staff .
`` He 's old-school , '' Washington forward T.J. Oshie said . `` To see him get rewarded with a goal at a big time , it makes me feel good .
`` I imagine he feels great . ''
The Knights entered Monday with a 7-1 home record in the post-season — outscoring opponents by 31-16 in the process — and made it 3-2 with 2:13 left in the second when Theodore scored his third on a seeing-eye snapshot from the point through traffic on a power play .
Vegas got a 5-on-3 man advantage for 1:09 when Tom Wilson took an interference penalty and Eller was whistled for hooking early in the third , but Holtby , who allowed five goals on 33 shots in Game 1 after posting back-to-back shutouts to close out the Tampa Bay Lightning in the Eastern Conference final , managed to hold the fort .
`` We had good looks , '' Knights forward Jonathan Marchessault said . `` We just need to be more selfish and shoot the puck . The plays were there . ''
Holtby then made that diving paddle stop on Tuch that will be replayed over and over .
`` Thank God he 's our goalie , '' Ovechkin said .
`` I 've got to bury that , '' Tuch lamented .
The Knights continued to push and pulled Fleury for an extra attacker , but Holtby and the Capitals kept them off the scoreboard the rest of the way to knot the series and wrestle away home-ice advantage .
The usual pre-game pomp at T-Mobile Arena , which includes showgirls lining the glass in the Washington end during warmups and a knight defeating an opponent in a sword battle on the ice , also featured a performance by Las Vegas band Imagine Dragons and an appearance by UFC legend Randy Couture .
The teams promised a tighter checking game after Monday 's 10-goal outburst , and Holtby and Fleury looked much better early before Neal opened the scoring at 7:58 of the first .
The winger knocked teammate Luca Sbisa 's flipped clearing attempt out of midair at the offensive blue line in front of Dmitry Orlov , who tried to knock the puck down with his glove , before stepping past the Capitals defenceman and beating Holtby for his fifth .
The Knights have scored first in all nine of their playoff home games , with each occurring in first period and six coming inside eight minutes .
Kuznetsov , who tops the post-season scoring race with 25 points , took a big hit from Brayden McNabb later in the period and crumpled to the ice holding his left arm .
The Russian centre , who skated quickly to the bench and went straight to the locker room , did not return with what the team called an upper-body injury . Trotz did not provide an update when asked about Kuznetsov 's status at his press conference .
The same way Wilson 's hit on Vegas leading scorer Jonathan Marchessault in Game 1 sparked the Knights , the collision seemed to wake up the Capitals as Eller finished off a nice passing play by scoring his sixth with 2:33 left on the clock .
With the teams playing 4-on-4 , Burakovsky fed Michal Kempny , who fooled Fleury by passing to Eller for a wide-open net instead of shooting .
Eller signed a five-year , US $ 17.5-million contract extension in February , and now has the same amount of goals ( six ) in these playoffs as he did in the first 50 post-season games of his career .
`` The more I 'm out there , the more I feel on the puck — better flow in my game , '' Eller said . `` We were a little more on our toes tonight . ''
Notes : The Knights are the first team to make the Stanley Cup in their first season since the 1967-68 St. Louis Blues , although an expansion club was guaranteed a spot in the final that year after the NHL expanded from six to 12 franchises . ... The Capitals ' only other trip the Cup came in 1998 when they were swept by the Detroit Red Wings .
___
Follow @ JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton , The Canadian Press
CAIRO , March 29 Saudi Arabia 's King Salman has invited Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi to visit his country and Sisi has welcomed the invitation , the Egyptian presidency said in a statement on Wednesday .
The two leaders met at an Arab League summit being held in Jordan and discussed improving relations , the statement said . The two countries had disagreed over Syria and the transfer of two Red Sea islands from Egypt to Saudi Arabia .
`` King Salman promised to visit Egypt in the very near future based on an invitation from President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi , '' the statement also said . ( Reporting by Mostafa Hashem ; Writing by Ahmed Aboulenein ; Editing by Dominic Evans )
FRANKFURT , April 6 The head of the European Central Bank sees no need to deviate from the ECB 's stated policy path , which includes bond buying at least until the end of the year and record-low rates until well after that to stimulate inflation , he said on Thursday .
`` I do not see cause to deviate from the indications we have been consistently providing in the introductory statement to our press conferences , '' Mario Draghi said at a conference in Frankfurt .
`` Before making any alterations to the components of our stance – interest rates , asset purchases and forward guidance – we still need to build sufficient confidence that inflation will indeed converge to our aim over a medium-term horizon , and will remain there even in less supportive monetary policy conditions , '' he added . ( Reporting By Francesco Canepa ; Editing by Hugh Lawson )
ITHACA , N.Y. — Chris Lewis scored 17 points and Harvard came from four-points down in the final minutes to pull out a 76-73 win at Cornell in an Ivy League battle Saturday night .
The Crimson , the preseason Ivy League favourite , remains a game back of unbeaten conference leader Penn .
Stone Gettings hit two free throws with 4:43 to put the Big Red up by four , 66-62 , but Lewis made two free throws and Danilo Djuricic hit a 3 with 3:09 left to put Harvard in front , 67-66 .
Jack Gordon got Cornell even with the first of two free throws , but Seth Towns drilled a 3 with 2:25 remaining and from there Justin Bassey , Christian Juzang and Corey Johnson each hit a pair of free throws to preserve the win .
BRIEF-Atos wins contract with GENCI
* CONTRACT AIMS TO DELIVER ONE OF MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN WORLD , PLANNED FOR END OF 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
× Hanover treatment center launches app to beat addiction
HANOVER , Va. — A Hanover-based addiction treatment center is going digital in an effort to serve more patients .
Williamsville Wellness has rolled out smartIOP , an online intensive outpatient program for recovering addicts . The program includes video sessions , teletherapy , exercise/sleep pattern tracking and “ smart sponsors , ” which are family members or friends who complete parts of the program with the patient . The program lasts between six and 12 weeks on average .
Founder Bob Cabaniss , who opened the for-profit institution in 2007 on his family 's estate at 10515 Cabaniss Lane , said the new technology is a push toward efficiency and engagement .
“ If you 're going to bend the cost curve of medicine today , you need to do it online as much as possible , ” Cabaniss said . “ You get the patient more engaged with people they care about and who care about them . The smart sponsors get to understand addiction . A lot of families do n't understand addiction and do n't know how to help . ”
Continue reading on RichmondBizSense.com .
ST. LOUIS — Javon Bess had 17 points and 11 rebounds and made all six of his free throws Saturday night to help Saint Louis beat Fordham 73-50 .
The Billikens ( 13-11 , 6-5 Atlantic 10 ) led 37-18 at halftime after closing the first half with a 15-0 run and maintained a double-digit edge throughout the second half , keeping their lead between 12 and 23 in the period .
Jalen Johnson had 14 points , D.J . Foreman scored 12 and Hasahn French had 11 points and 11 rebounds for Saint Louis . Jordan Goodwin added nine points , 10 rebounds , five assists and four steals . Goodwin grabbed six of his boards on the offensive glass .
Saint Louis had 17 offensive rebounds and a 48-31 overall advantage on the glass .
The renowned competitive eater from San Jose , California , takes home the coveted Mustard Belt and surpassed the previous mark of 72 dogs and buns he downed last year .
The heat was n't a factor ; the National Weather Service put the temperature at 83 degrees with a heat index of 91 degrees .
Miki Sudo said after eating 37 dogs and buns that the heat may have slowed her down in winning the women 's competition .
That did n't stop the Las Vegas eater from easily beating out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon , Arizona , who chowed down 28 wieners and buns .
___
11 a.m .
Miki Sudo ( MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh ) downed 37 franks to win her fifth straight title in the women 's competition of the annual Nathan 's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest .
The Las Vegas competitor fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Michelle Lesco , of Tucson , Arizona . Lesco chowed down 28 wieners and buns .
Thousands of attendees braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk .
Ten-time winner Joey `` Jaws '' Chestnut will confront 20 other men during the men 's competition later Wednesday for the coveted Mustard Belt .
Sudo was a fan favourite , drawing big cheers from the crowd during her performance , which was slightly delayed after she requested new water to soak her buns .
___
12:05 a.m .
It 's frankly amazing .
Chowdown champions will face off Wednesday at Nathan 's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest , where the men 's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes .
Ten-time winner Joey `` Jaws '' Chestnut will confront 20 other men on New York 's Coney Island boardwalk . He set the record last year .
Miki Sudo ( MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh ) is seeking a fifth women 's title in a row . The 19-woman field includes record-holder Sonya `` The Black Widow '' Thomas .
Sudo downed 41 franks and buns last year . Thomas ' record is 45 , but she managed 30 last year .
The event attracts thousands of in-person spectators and is televised on ESPN .
Last year , animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd . Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and released .
By The Associated Press
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
UPDATE 2-Canada 's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO , June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission ( OSC ) and accepted responsibility for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures .
* U.S. Q4 GDP growth 2.1 percent in final estimate
* Yield rise seen temporary ( Adds comment , updates prices )
By Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss
NEW YORK , March 30 U.S. Treasury debt yields rose on Thursday after the final fourth-quarter U.S. gross domestic product number was revised higher , reflecting steady but less spectacular growth than in the prior quarter for the world 's largest economy .
`` We are positive on U.S. economic growth and underlying fundamentals but we do n't see economic growth jumping to 3 percent , '' said Chris Molumphy , chief investment officer at Franklin Templeton 's fixed income group in San Francisco .
`` And in that environment , we will have slightly higher rates , but not significant . ''
Yields have trended lower over the last two weeks , with that of benchmark U.S. 10-year notes declining roughly 30 basis points since hitting a three-month peak on March 14 . Analysts said the slight gain in Thursday 's yields , which move inversely to prices , could be temporary .
Data showed that U.S. GDP grew 2.1 percent in the fourth quarter , higher than the second estimate of 1.9 percent growth and exceeding market forecasts for a 2.0 percent rise . The final number , however , was less than the 3.5 percent rise in the third quarter .
In late trading , benchmark 10-year notes fell 9/32 in price to yield 2.419 percent , compared with 2.387 percent late on Wednesday .
U.S. 30-year bond prices fell 24/32 , yielding 3.031 percent US30-YT=RR , up from Wednesday 's 2.994 percent .
On the front end of the curve , U.S. two-year note yields were at 1.285 percent , up from 1.278 percent on Wednesday .
Treasuries have been rising the last two weeks after the Federal Reserve at its last policy meeting stuck to its forecast for three interest rate increases this year .
More recently , growing doubts about the Trump administration 's ability to get anything done to bolster the economy have also pushed Treasury prices higher .
After Republicans on Friday withdrew their bill to replace and repeal Obamacare due to lack of support in Congress , some investors believe the next big reform , on taxes , could face tough challenges as well .
Molumphy of Franklin Templeton said economy-boosting tax reform had a good chance of being passed . `` However , it 's likely to be smaller in size than what the market is anticipating and also further out into the future . ''
Molumphy said the impact of tax reform on the economy would probably not show up until 2018 or later . ( Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss ; Editing by Andrea Ricci and Richard Chang )
DUBAI , April 6 Stock markets in the Gulf may decline on Thursday as crude oil pulled away from a near one-month high hit in the previous session , but strong buying momentum in Abu Dhabi 's blue chips may continue to support that index .
Brent crude futures were at $ 54.11 a barrel at 0514 GMT , down 0.5 percent from their last close . But the commodity is still trading slightly above the 10-day average price .
MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan slipped 0.8 percent .
Abu Dhabi 's index , last at 4,641 , leaped ahead of its peers in the previous session , on the back of strong gains and high turnover in large-cap banking shares , suggesting that institutional funds have turned positive and are positioning funds accordingly .
That trend may continue to hold on Thursday , although some profit-taking ahead of the weekend may restrain some gains .
`` The trend turned bullish , headed towards the previous high at 4,715 points , '' said technical analysts at NBAD Securities .
Electronics producer United Electronics ( Extra ) kick-started the first-quarter reporting season in Saudi Arabia on a positive footing on Wednesday , with the company posting a quarterly profit compared with a loss made in the prior-year period .
However , this might set the tone for a more positive top line figures from other retailers , despite the pocket of the consumer being hit by an austerity drive last year .
`` The growth in Extra 's sales reflects a lower-than-expected impact of allowance cuts on discretionary spending , '' Riyadh 's NCB Capital said in a research note .
In Abu Dhabi , shares of insurer Gulf Medical and Sharjah Group go ex-dividend on Thursday . In Saudi Arabia , shares of real estate developer Arriyadh Development go ex-dividend . ( Reporting by Celine Aswad ; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu )
Only a few generations ago , our forebears were prepared to shoot each other when affronted . Ian Morton reports on man 's fatal attraction to the art of duelling .
Although ordinary fellows tended to square up on the spot to settle a disagreement , the most influential of sporting gentlemen – who owned huge tracts of land , as well as the folk who lived there , and who hunted , raced , shot and gambled together – were inclined to act out , at an agreed time and place , a ritual that could well prove fatal .
Winning was n't always good news
Some 1,000 duels with powder and ball were recorded between 1785 and 1845 , about one in five resulting in a fatality . And not always one fatality , either : several ‘ winners ' were subsequently hanged for murder .
Reasons for duelling could be trivial
The poet Lord Byron 's great-uncle killed his neighbour and cousin William Chaworth in a rapier duel in 1765 , over a dispute about the quantity of game birds each had on his land and the best way to hang them . Byron was fined .
Grantley Berkeley , heir presumptive to his brother the 6th Earl of Berkeley , was even more incensed by a criticism of his book about Berkeley Castle in Fraser 's Magazine . He thrashed the publisher and had the critic , Dr William Maginn , face him over pistols . Maginn received a flesh wound and the Berkeley honour was satisfied .
Defeating Napoleon did n't put the Duke of Wellington off duelling
The Iron Duke was a keen country sportsman in the years after the Napoleonic Wars , an while he was a sought-after guest , not all his visits were without blemish . In 1823 , he managed to hit his host Lord Glanville in the face and , at Lady Shelley 's , his shot reached a tenant who was hanging out her washing . His hostess declared : ‘ You have endured a great honour today , Mary – you have the distinction of being shot by the Duke of Wellington . ' Mary 's grateful response is not recorded .
In March 1829 , Wellington – by then Prime Minister – took umbrage when his parliamentary bill to allow Catholics into government after 200 years provoked criticism from the Earl of Winchelsea . The duke called him out and they met at dawn on Battersea Fields . As challenger , the duke fired first , aiming wide , and the earl then discharged skywards .
Even great statesmen became duellists
Wellington was not the only British prime minister to duel . William Pitt faced George Tierney on Putney Common , both missing , and the Earl of Shelburne and George Canning also survived ritual combat .
Future US President Andrew Jackson fought several duels and killed a famous marksman , Charles Dickinson , in 1806 . Abraham Lincoln and an adversary were dissuaded by their seconds in 1842 , while Irish statesman Daniel O'Connell killed a duel opponent in 1815 .
It survived into modern times – albeit with a little Health and Safety tweaks
Duelling fell out of favour in Britain in the 19th century , with the last fatal meeting in 1852 , but continued as a sport in France . Opponents in padded clothing and helmets used wax bullets , a practice that gained favour in America .
It was once an Olympic sport
The modern Olympic Games once featured ‘ duelling pistol ' events with military revolvers and , in 1906 , a quasi-Olympics called the Intercalated Games included marksmanship with real duelling pistols at 20m and 30m . The targets were dummies dressed in frock coats with bullseyes pinned at chest level .
Duels were sometimes mere gestures – but not always
The 7th Earl of Cardigan , soldier , fine horseman and shot , called out Capt Harvey Tuckett , in 1841 , for publishing an account of a mess incident involving a black bottle of porter and shot him with a duelling pistol with a rifled barrel and hair trigger ; both features considered unsporting .
Arraigned for wounding , Cardigan demanded to be tried by his peers . Queen Victoria let it be known she hoped he would ‘ get off easily ' and he was acquitted on a technicality .
Cardigan had previously offered to duel with a Capt Johnstone , whose wife he had romanced , but Johnstone declared that he had given him satisfaction by taking on ‘ the most damned bad-tempered and extravagant bitch in the kingdom ' .
﻿﻿
If you were good enough , you need never be challenged
Horatio Ross , named after his godfather Lord Nelson , was formidable in the field ( he marked his 82nd birthday by shooting 82 consecutive grouse ) and a top pistol shot , holing playing cards at 40 yards and winning bets by shooting swallows on the wing . His reputation ensured that Ross was never challenged .
But his reputation went even further , helping to save others from peril . On one occasion at a hunt dinner , one guest felt slighted by a fellow diner 's comments and swore that , if he knew who it was , he would horsewhip him . Told that it was ‘ that pistol-shooting fellow Ross ' , he melted away .
Ross personified the role of the second in dissuading a would-be combatant . He mediated on 16 occasions , with not a shot fired .
The pen is ( sometimes ) mightier than the duelling pistol
Mark Twain was challenged to a duel in 1864 , but his opponent withdrew after hearing tales ( all entirely bogus ) of Twain 's prowess with a pistol .
Not all men of letters have been quite so adept at getting out of harm 's way : Russian literary giant Alexander Pushkin , a serial duellist , died in 1837 during his 29th encounter .
It was n't always pistols at 12 paces…
Two Frenchmen agreed to duel from balloons over Paris in 1808 , one plummeting to his death after his envelope was punctured . Other recorded duels included a pair of duellists in 1842 – again , Frenchmen – by throwing billiard balls .
…and sometimes it 's been even stranger
In 1865 , scientist and politician Rudolf Virchow was challenged to a duel over Prussian navy funding by the president , Otto von Bismarck . Almost unbelievably , sausage consumption was chosen over weapons – one of the bangers being laced with the Trichinella spiralis parasite . Bismarck had to choose which to eat , but withdrew his challenge .
Even the angriest and most talented duellists could get manoeuvred out of a killing
Probably the most flamboyant sportsman of the era was ‘ Squire ' George Osbaldeston , a Yorkshire landowner , hard cross-country and race rider , pugilist , inveterate gambler and remarkable shot whose recorded flintlock achievements included 100 pheasants with 100 shots , 97 grouse with 97 shots and 20 brace of partridge with 40 shots . ‘ And he was a dead shot with a duelling pistol , for he put 10 shots on the ace of diamonds at 30ft , ' wrote the editor of The Field in an introduction to Osbaldeston 's autobiography , discovered in his papers and published in 1926 .
‘ I do not wonder that most people were carefully polite to a plucky little customer who kept his temper better than most , but could either knock you down out of hand or put a bullet through your head next morning . '
Osbaldeston challenged Lord George Bentinck over his refusal to honour a 200-guinea bet , Bentinck claiming that the Squire had misrepresented the provenance of his horse Rush and had pulled the animal in a previous race to secure a light handicap for a big 1835 race . Osbaldeston 's request for the money was ‘ damned robbery ' , declared Bentinck .
Osbaldeston 's associates perceived him to be in the wrong and , the night before the 6am Wormwood Scrubs confrontation , a friend spent hours trying to mollify him , to no effect . In the event , the umpire fumbled the loading and Osbaldeston was convinced by the light recoil that his pistol was not loaded . If so , Bentinck 's pistol also carried a blank charge . No blood was spilled and the pair reconciled .
Canada 's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO , June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures .
Josh Homme has apologised profusely after he allegedly kicked a photographer at a recent concert .
The Queens of The Stone Age frontman has confessed to `` making a lot of mistakes '' in his life after admitting to knocking Shutterstock employee Chelsea Lauren 's equipment flying at the KROQ Acoustic Christmas show at The Forum , Los Angeles on Saturday night ( 09.12.17 ) .
Professing how sorry he is , calling himself a `` total d * * k '' , in a teary two-minute video posted on Twitter , the 44-year-old musician said : `` I do n't have any excuse or reason to justify what I did . I was a total d * * k and I 'm truly sorry and I hope you 're OK . ''
The 'Little Sister ' singer - who has 22-month-old son Wolf , six-year-old Orrin and 11-year-old Camille with wife Brody Dalle - said that his actions means he has `` failed '' as a husband , father and friend .
He continued : `` I 've made a lot of mistakes in my life and last night was definitely one of them . I apologise for that to you . I want to be a good man but I think last night I definitely failed at that .
`` That means I failed my family and my friends as well . I do n't want them to ever be ashamed or embarrassed about being around me or knowing me . ''
Before adding that he needs to take some time for himself to prevent himself from messing up in the future .
He added : `` I 'm gon na have to figure out some stuff I think ... because rock n ' roll 's a wonderful thing . It 's supposed to save and help people , not mess them up . ''
In a separate note on his band 's social media channels , Homme name-checked Chelsea and said he would never `` intentionally cause harm to anyone '' .
He wrote : `` Last night , while in a state of being lost in performance , I kicked over various lighting and equipment on our stage .
Qatar central bank raises deposit rate 25 bps , keeps others unchanged
DOHA , June 15 Qatar 's central bank said on Thursday it was raising its overnight deposit rate by 25 basis points to 1.50 percent , after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates by the same margin .
April 20 Guangdong Eastone Century Technology Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.80 yuan ( before tax ) /10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 8 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016 to shareholders of record on April 25
* The company 's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on April 26 and the dividend will be paid on April 26
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/KLZDKb
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
VANCOUVER - A stunt woman has died following a motorcycle accident on the set of Deadpool 2 in downtown Vancouver .
The accident occurred just after 8 a.m. on Monday .
Witnesses say the woman was filming a stunt when she lost control of her bike , jumped a curb and crashed into Shaw Tower across from Canada Place .
She was treated by ambulance personnel but police say she died at the scene .
Her name has not been released .
Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds expressed his condolences to his crew member 's family and friends .
Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds expressed his condolences for the death of his crew member .
“ We 're heartbroken , shocked and devastated ... but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain her family and loved ones must feel in this moment , '' wrote Reynolds on social media . `` My heart pours out to them .... ''
Deadline.com reports that the stunt driver , who was not wearing a helmet , was a motocross rider who was doing her first film as a stunt performer .
`` We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2this morning , '' 20th Century Fox spokesman told Deadline . `` Our hearts and prayers are with the family , friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time . ''
A motorcycle remains on the ground in front of a shattered-out glass window at the back of Shaw Tower . Vancouver police have taped off the area .
Stunt gone wrong at Canada place . Motorcycle stunt driver went into Starbucks . Non responsive . @ WhatsFilming pic.twitter.com/TaB4yThBOh — JerFree ( @ jerfree ) August 14 , 2017
WorkSafeBC says they have five officers investigating .
Two officers are investigating to see if there are any immediate health or safety concerns , while three other officers are investigating the cause of the fatality and future prevention , said WorkSafeBC spokeswoman Trish Knight Chernecki .
Findings on any immediate health or safety concerns could be available within several days , while the investigation on the cause usually takes longer , said Chernecki .
Sharmina Kermalli said she had just walked into a Starbucks next door to where the accident happened when she heard a loud crash .
She ran out of the coffee shop and saw a woman lying with her body inside and her head outside the building .
Glass was still falling on the woman , Kermalli said .
“ I was thinking , what if I was just five seconds ( later ) , ” she said , explaining that she had just walked by the spot where the crash happened .
Allan Webber was among those who came to the accident scene to watch as investigators assessed the scene then uprighted the stunt bike with its crumpled front tire .
`` It 's like a cursed corner , '' Webber said of the area , noting that just the day before the crash , one man died and two were injured in a bus accident down the street , and in 2013 , actor Cory Monteith died in a neighbouring hotel .
Webber said he had previously watched the stuntwoman successfully complete a ride down Thurlow Street .
Nathan Kramchynski works on the seventh floor of the Shaw Tower and said he had been watching rehearsals of the stunt at the Vancouver Convention Centre .
The stunt woman had been riding the motorcycle down a set of stairs from the convention centre and stopped when she reached the street , he said .
When the accident happened , the driver appeared to pick up speed , crossed the street and swerved to avoid pedestrians before disappearing from his view , said Kramchynski .
“ She lost control really quickly . It happened in a split second , ” he said . “ She was going full throttle and then there 's a building there . ”
He said a fire truck and police cars arrived “ instantly . ”
“ The response was actually incredible , ” he said .
The ambulance remained at the scene for about 15 or 20 minutes before leaving , he added .
According to Global News , whose TV crew witnessed the accident , the rider successfully completed the stunt four times but on the fifth try she encountered trouble with the throttle and lost control of the bike .
Deadpool 2 , the sequel to the 2016 Marvel Comics blockbuster from 20th Century Fox starring Vancouver actor Ryan Reynolds , has been shooting in Vancouver since June 26 . The film crew closed down downtown streets last week to film sequences involving motorcycles and scooters .
Domino , a female character played by actress Zazie Beetz , was spotted riding a black Ducati motorcycle down Hastings Street . It was the same model of motorcycle involved in Monday 's accident .
Jason Cameron , a business agent with the Union of B.C . Performers said it 's not known if the stunt woman was one of their members .
The UBCP represents 6,000 people who work as actors , stunt performers , singers , and voice actors .
“ We 're waiting for more information to come in . We would have had members on set , ” said Cameron .
He said a union representative headed out to the set after hearing news of the accident . Trauma counselling will be available , he said .
Cameron said despite today 's tragic accident , performing stunts is very safe .
“ The nature of stunt performing is it is very dangerous but we are also talking about skilled and trained stunt performers who perform these very dangerous stunts in a safe way , ” he said .
“ These very complicated sequences and stunts happen on film sets all the time . ( Accidents are ) pretty rare considering how often stunts like this are performed . It 's exceedingly rare which is a test to the skill level . ”
Cameron said Deadpool 2 is a “ stunt-heavy ” production .
It 's not the first tragedy to hit the B.C . film industry .
In 1998 , local stuntman Marc Akerstream was killed when he was struck in the head by a piece of flying debris while observing an explosion on the Squamish set of the TV show The Crow : Stairway to Heaven .
Two years earlier in Squamish , 32-year-old Vancouver stuntman Keith Perepelkin died on the set of the movie Firestorm , after his parachute failed to open during a jump from a helicopter .
Last month in Atlanta , stuntman John Bernecker died on the set of The Walking Dead after he fell head-first onto concrete instead of on padding meant to cushion his roughly 7-metre fall from a balcony . His death was believed to be the first stunt-related fatality on U.S. soil in 20 years .
Meanwhile , in May of 2016 , Hollywood actor Dylan O'Brien suffered a concussion and multiple facial fractures after a stunt went wrong on the set of Maze Runner : The Death Cure in Cache Creek .
WorkSafeBC put the blame for O'Brien 's injuries squarely on 20th Century Fox , saying the production company `` failed ” to ensure the safety of workers on the Maze Runner set .
Monday 's crash occurred just metres away from the site of Sunday 's fatal bus accident . A charter tour bus loaded with passengers hit three people — killing one and injuring two others — on Canada Place Way , between the Convention Centre and Canada Place .
Deadpool 2 is scheduled to be released in theatres on June 1 , 2018 .
With files from Gord Hoekstra , Matt Robinson , The Canadian Press and The Associated Press
sbrown @ postmedia.com
Twitter.com/Browniescott
KANSAS CITY , Kan. ( AP ) — The Latest on trial challenging a law in Kansas that requires people to show documentation when registering to vote . ( all times local ) :
7:30 p.m .
After seven often contentious days , testimony has ended in a federal bench trial challenging a Kansas voter registration law .
During closing arguments Monday , Dale Ho , an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union , argued that the thousands of noncitizens who Secretary of State Kris Kobach contends are stealing elections “ are not real. ” But he said the law has stopped thousands of U.S. citizens from voting . And he says there has been real damage to the electoral process in Kansas . He asked U.S. District Judge Julie Robinson to find that the law should not be imposed on Kansas .
In his closing , Kobach argued the law has n't prevented anyone but noncitizens from voting . He says people put on a list of suspended voters have several ways to provide the required documentation and register to vote . He urged Robinson to uphold the will of the Kansas Legislature , which enacted the law in 2013 .
Robinson did n't say when she would issue a ruling but said she is mindful that elections are approaching . Attorneys have until April 16 for any more legal filings in the case .
_____
1:30 p.m. :
A pollster hired by Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach has testified that he conducted a survey of 500 adults and found just one person who could n't produce a document proving U.S. citizenship .
The Topeka Capital-Journal reported Monday his testimony came on the seventh day of a bench trial challenging the Kansas proof-of-citizenship requirement .
Pollster Pat McFerron also acknowledged possible bias in his survey under questioning by an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union .
U.S. District judge Julie Robinson allowed McFerron to testify , even though he was not identified as an expert witness before the deadline that had been set by the judge .
McFerron is president of Cole Hargrave Snodgrass , a firm which primary caters to Republican candidates . He was paid $ 9,000 for his survey .
`` They played well obviously , '' Panthers coach Kevin Stallings said . `` I did n't think that we did so much , but certainly you have to give them credit . It probably was n't the most ideal time to catch them . ''
BIG PICTURE
Pittsburgh : Things keep getting worse for the Panthers . They entered Chapel Hill ranked last in the league in major categories such as scoring offence , shooting percentage , rebounding margin and turnover margin . Now they 've lost 15 straight regular-season ACC games and are approaching a year since their last win .
`` Maybe I 'll feel a little differently when I see the film , '' Stallings said . `` But I think we can play better than that . ''
UNC : The Tar Heels were facing the possibility of their first four-game losing streak since February 2010 , the only one of the Roy Williams era . And the past week in particular had been bumpy : There was an overtime home loss to North Carolina State last weekend , a loss at No . 20 Clemson on Tuesday and the suspension of freshman guard Jalek Felton from the university for unspecified reasons . This win — a get-right cruise in front of a friendly crowd — might have helped drain a bit of building tension .
FAMILIARITY
Pitt initially blocked Johnson 's attempt to move to UNC with immediate eligibility , citing an internal policy , before relenting last summer . He finished with 14 points .
`` I tried not to look at this game any different , you know what I mean ? '' Johnson said . `` Obviously you 're going to feel some things when you play against your former team . I spent three years there , I grew up in Pittsburgh , my dad played at Pitt , my mom went to nursing school there , and my brother is still doing research for the university , so obviously I have a pretty strong connection there . ''
Stallings deflected questions afterward about Johnson .
`` I do n't like to comment on other people 's players , '' he said . `` Ask Roy about how he played . I could n't tell you . I was worried about my guys . ''
WILLIAMS ' JUMPER
Kenny Williams scored 15 points on 6-for-9 shooting , including 3 of 5 from behind the arc . He had failed to reach double figures in five of the past six games .
`` I was n't thinking about the shots , '' he said . `` I was just stepping into it and doing everything that I 've worked on . ''
UP NEXT
Pittsburgh : The Panthers visit No . 20 Clemson on Thursday .
UNC : The Tar Heels host No . 4 Duke on Thursday night in the latest renewal of the fierce rivalry .
___
More AP college basketball : https : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
___
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/aaronbeardap
By Aaron Beard , The Associated Press
Police : Officers who shot man at clinic showed restraint
BALTIMORE ( AP ) — Baltimore 's acting police chief says officers involved in last week 's shooting of a knife-wielding man at a mental health clinic showed significant restraint .
Body-camera video shown to reporters shows a highly-agitated man holding a blade in a waiting room on the city campus of the University of Maryland . During a 10-minute encounter , the man threw chairs and repeatedly told officers to shoot him . Officers told him numerous times to drop the knife .
He was shot in the upper body and leg after he charged officers holding a chair and the knife . A third officer used a stun gun .
In interim Police Commissioner Gary Tuggle 's view , the officers `` used an incredible amount of restraint '' and tried to de-escalate the situation .
The man is in stable condition . He wo n't be criminally charged .
Commuters pass by the front of the Bangladesh central bank building in Dhaka March 8 , 2016 . REUTERS/Ashikur Rahman/File Photo
Lamont Siller , the legal attache at the U.S. embassy in the Philippines speaks during a cybersecurity forum in Manila , Philippines March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Karen Lema
MANILA The heist of $ 81 million from the Bangladesh central bank 's account at the New York Federal Reserve last year was `` state-sponsored , '' an FBI officer in the Philippines , who has been involved in the investigations , said on Wednesday .
Lamont Siller , the legal attache at the U.S. embassy , did not elaborate but his comments in a speech in Manila are a strong signal that authorities in the United States are close to naming who carried out one of the world 's biggest cyber heists .
Last week , officials in Washington , speaking on condition of anonymity , blamed North Korea .
`` We all know the Bangladesh Bank heist , this is just one example of a state-sponsored attack that was done on the banking sector , '' Siller told a cybersecurity forum .
An official briefed on the probe told Reuters in Washington last week that the FBI believes North Korea was responsible for the heist . The official did not give details .
The Wall Street Journal reported U.S. prosecutors were building potential cases that would accuse North Korea of directing the heist , and would charge alleged Chinese middlemen .
The FBI has been leading an international investigation into the February 2016 heist , in which hackers breached Bangladesh Bank 's systems and used the SWIFT messaging network to order the transfer of nearly $ 1 billion from its account at the New York Fed .
The U.S. central bank rejected most of the requests but filled some of them , resulting in $ 81 million being transferred to bank accounts in the Philippines . The money was quickly withdrawn and later disappeared in the huge casino industry in the country .
There have been no arrests in the case .
A Chinese casino owner in the Philippines told that Senate inquiry he took millions of dollars from two Chinese high-rollers in February . He said the two men were responsible for transferring the stolen money from Dhaka to Manila .
Philippine investigators have filed criminal charges against several individuals and a remittance company for money laundering in connection with the heist at the country 's Department of Justice ( DOJ ) .
None of these cases have yet been filed in court , however .
Siller said the FBI was working closely with the Philippines government `` to ensure those responsible for the attack do not go unpunished . ''
`` So for us in the FBI , it is never over . We are going to bring these individuals to justice so that we can show others , that you maybe be able to muster such attacks , even state-sponsored , but you will not get away with it in the end . ''
( Reporting by Karen Lema ; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan )
Bill Cosby 's defense attorneys have spent his trial aggressively attacking the woman who says he drugged and assaulted her . They called Andrea Constand a “ con artist ” and a liar who made up the story to swindle his money .
But in closing arguments , prosecutors flipped that script and said Cosby was the true con man in this story . He used his iconic , transcendent TV persona , prosecutors said , to trick women into taking pills that he knew would make them unable to resist his sexual advances .
“ He is nothing like the image that he plays on TV , ” prosecutor Kristen Feden said in court on Tuesday . “ In fact , he utilized that image and cloaked himself so that he was able to gain the trust , gain the confidence of these young women so he could strip them of their ability to say no , administering an intoxicant the same way he administered an intoxicant to Andrea Constand . ”
“ She is not the con , ” Feden added . “ He is . ”
The defense and prosecutors presented their closing arguments on Tuesday after two weeks of testimony in the Montgomery County courthouse for Cosby 's trial on three counts of aggravated indecent assault . The case centers on Constand 's allegation that Cosby drugged her and sexually assaulted her in January 2004 at his home outside Philadelphia .
Five other women , including reality TV star Janice Dickinson , have also testified that Cosby drugged and assaulted them in the past , as prosecutors argued the alleged assault on Constand was part of Cosby 's pattern .
Cosby 's fate will soon be in the hands of the jury . This is the second trial for Cosby on these three charges of aggravated indecent assault , nearly a year after the first trial ended in a hung jury and a mistrial .
Defense attacks Cosby 's many accusers
Defense attorneys Kathleen Bliss and Tom Mesereau combined to deliver closing statements , harshly slamming the many women who have accused Cosby of misconduct . They called Constand a “ pathological liar , ” “ con artist ” and “ not a good girl . ”
Bliss went one-by-one through each of the five other women who testified and dismissed them as obsessed with being on TV and being famous .
“ What is this case about ? ” Bliss asked the jury . “ It 's about money . And press conferences . ”
Along the way , Bliss defended the idea of criminal defense itself .
“ Questioning an accuser is not shaming a victim , ” Bliss said . “ Gut feelings are not rational decisions . Mob rule is not due process . And just as we have had horrible crimes in our history , we 've also had horrible , horrible periods of time where emotion and hatred and fear overwhelmed us . Witch hunts , lynchings , McCarthyism . ”
Mesereau , who is most famous for his defense of Michael Jackson a decade ago , said he was “ very proud ” to be in court for Cosby .
“ I 'm very proud to stand up against rumor , gossip and shallow nonsense , ” Mesereau said . “ In a typical case like this where the accuser lies about something significant , something major , it 's over . … They are not inconsistencies , they are lies . ”
Prosecutors say Cosby executed a con
Feden , speaking for the prosecution , said the defense strategy of attacking the women was shameful .
“ That character assassination that Ms. Bliss put those women through was shameful , was utterly shameful , ” she said . “ She is the exact reason why women , and men ( who are victims ) of sexual assault do n't report these crimes . ”
Constand testified in criminal court last week not for money or fame or attention , but for justice , Feden said .
“ She had everything to lose , but do you know what she gained ? Respect . She took the stand , she faced that man and she told all of you the truth , ” Feden said .
Throughout the closing arguments , Feden returned repeatedly to argue that Cosby drugged and then sexually assaulted Constand and five other women who testified in court .
“ That was the execution of his signature plan , that previously practiced con that had worked so perfectly on women in the past , ” she said . “ That perfect plan that started with trust . That perfect plan that was executed with betrayal . That perfect plan or con that involved no permission . That perfect plan that was going to get him to wherever he was going to wind up . ”
The closing arguments ended late Tuesday afternoon , and jury deliberations are expected to begin Wednesday when court resumes .
Perhaps it 's the juxtaposition of history and contemporary events that prompts reflection and speculation . I am riding in an Uber taxi through the streets of London , passing the great sterling attractions , Westminster Abbey , the halls of Parliament , Whitehall , Trafalgar Square . I 've been chatting with the driver who has a thick African accent , and I proffer the suggestion that Brexit is at its root an anti-immigrant stand . The driver glances in his rear view , makes a quick assessment of me , and concurs . He 's lived here for 31 years he tells me , and yet he feels apart from it . He is garrulous and talks easily . The great city is not a melting pot of cultures . It is as if people and events are caught and suspended in aspic . There are multiple solitudes in this bustling , frenetic metropolis . His is but one .
History peeps out of every nook and cranny in London . I take a short river cruise down the Thames to Greenwich to see the Cutty Sark , the famed nineteenth century tea clipper and the Maritime Museum nearby . The ship was sleek and polished and rejigged for the lucrative tourist trade . But below decks what struck me forcibly was the display of ships ' figureheads at one end of the display area beneath the Cutty Sark . Intriguing and compelling and a tad sad . The carved wooden pieces , severed from their ships forever , looked longingly out from the display , stranded on the Greenwich shore . There were dozens of them with brilliant painted eyes , there were gods and goddesses , saintly women , fabulous animals and creatures , symbolic icons that had sailed across the seven seas until somehow they had landed here with a bump , old and odd refugees from a historical past with nowhere else to go . To me they seemed to be forlorn amputees never to return to sea , never to be free again , never more to look upon foreign harbours , and open skies , and distant guiding stars .
When and if you think about it , the true motivation behind Brexit is its anti-immigrant stance . Free movement of people across the EU is abhorrent to those who voted in favour of Brexit . Couple that with the tide of potential migrants from the Middle East , Africa , and Asia and you have the grand rationale for Brexit . It 's a sad fact but true . The British Empire was built on distant shores where countries were plundered and colonized . The British treasury boasts jewels and riches that are not native to the British Isles . The treasure was taken by hook or by crook and the people colonized , but many of those colonized began to believe in the ideals that were part and parcel of the Conqueror 's spiel . The streets of London town are packed with people who believed and believe in those ideals , laudable as they are . However , when you pick up one end of the stick , you pick up the other too .
But the world moves on and it ca n't be stopped . The world changes and the London streets are testament to a multiracial population of rich diversity and strength . Wander around Piccadilly Circus and Portobello Road and you feel the new London vibrancy , the surging colour and sound .
The British contribution to world civilization is immense . British literature and legislation provides the warp and woof of stunningly brilliant achievements . The world is richer for them and their legacy sustains us today . But within every great empire lies the seeds of its own destruction , dormant within that warp and woof . And for the British it is the hateful residue of empire that lingers and festers and ultimately destroys . And that is Britain today and Brexit is its flag . The lion is toothless now , so raise a pint at the famous Lamb and Flag in Covent Garden and toast its demise . It was a long time coming .
Odd to me that racism continues to exist — knowing how groundless and ignorant it is . You would think that everyone would celebrate the advance of civilization and condemn racism at every turn . So , what to do ? Stand up for the rights of the victimized and humiliated . Expedite humane policies that help the true oppressed and deal quickly and efficiently with those who are simply breaking the queue and who are not in dire straits . Immigration policies must be fair to all .
Technology may have made great advances but humankind has not .
The ships of Empire have sailed and the figureheads are lodged for good in Greenwich . They are striking and powerful still in their mute presence — their eyes gazing across decades and centuries of times gone . They are rich and variegated in colour and shape and configuration like the living population a few miles upstream .
Frank Buchar is a management consultant and writer living in Hamilton
This weekend saw three of the four Hula Hoops Men 's Pat Duffy National Cup quarter-finals take place across the country , with some interesting battles in store .
Last year 's Cup finalists Pyrobel Killester have just booked their spot in January 's semi-finals with a thrilling 82-60 point win over Moycullen this afternoon in a game that has just finished at The Jes in Galway .
“ It 's never easy coming down to play Moycullen , they 're extremely talented and well-coached , ” said Killester 's Brian O'Malley . “ We had to fight for everything . We had to match their ferocious intensity , it was nip and tuck , we did n't start very well , but we came into it more in the second quarter . These are the type of games that are easy to go the wrong way , they beat us in the League already so we knew it would be tough . We 're delighted to be looking forward to a Cup semi-final in January . ”
Meanwhile Black Amber Templeogue are back in the semi-final stages this year , having missed out last year thanks to a defeat at the hands of Griffith College Swords Thunder in the quarter-finals . Templeogue , who won the Cup in 2016 , played out a thrilling quarter final game against near neighbours , Éanna , at Oblate Hall on Saturday night . A nail-biting end to the game saw brilliant scoring from Lawrence ( Puff ) Summers , Mike Bonaparte and Neil Randolph see Templeogue home to an 81-76 point win .
“ It was absolutely a tough game , we knew it was n't going to be easy , we knew it was going to be a dog fight , ” said coach Mark Keenan . “ They 've a lot of size , we looked great at times , and then we let them back in . I 'm delighted to get out and get a win and move on to the semi-finals . We had happy times two years ago , then we missed out last year , so it was a goal to get back there again . ”
The other quarter-final pairing saw table toppers UCD Marian secure a big 87-53 point win over DCU Saints .
“ We are delighted to be in the semi-finals , but I 'm more delighted about the performance we had tonight , ” said Marian head coach , Ioannis Liapakis . “ I know most people will say that Conor Meany and Mike Garrow had an amazing offensive game , which is true , but for me , tonight was all about defence . We have the best defence in the league and that 's what we proved tonight . ”
It was regular Super League action for Maree and Belfast Star meanwhile who went head-to-head in Oranmore on Saturday night . Top scoring from Star 's Quinn twin duo of Aidan and Conor saw them overcome the Galway side by 14 points in the end .
In the Women 's Super League meanwhile , IT Carlow Basketball were on hand to cause a major upset in Leixlip on Saturday evening as they won out 68-65 against Courtyard Liffey Celtics .
“ We played some of the best basketball I 've seen from my team in the first half tonight , ” admitted head coach , Martin Conroy , afterwards . “ We put up 49 points in a half against a team of the quality of Liffey Celtics – which was awesome for us . We knew that they would come back in the second half , but we were ready for it . Even when we went behind late in the fourth , we believed we could win it . We made some huge shots down the stretch and that , along with a strong defensive stance , gave us what we needed to win . We showed immense character out there . ”
DCU Mercy meanwhile remain top of the table this week after a comprehensive win over NUIG Mystics in Galway – in a game that will be repeated in just a few weeks ' time when the sides go head-to-head in the Hula Hoops Women 's National Cup semi-finals in Cork in January .
Elsewhere , Ambassador UCC Glanmire secured a win over Maxol WIT Wildcats , while Singleton SuperValu Brunell won out in a thriller against Pyrobel Killester at the IWA in Clontarf .
In the Men 's Division One , Keane 's SuperValu Killorglin remain unbeaten at the top of the table , following three games in five days which saw them overcome Neptune , Gamefootage.net Titans and fellow table toppers , Ballincollig .
In the Women 's Division One meanwhile , Fr Mathews ' unbeaten run came to an end this week as they lost out in overtime to Meteors on Saturday before losing out to Fabplus North West at home on Sunday .
Hula Hoops Senior Cup line-ups : ( to be played in Cork the weekend of Jan 5/6/7th )
Hula Hoops Men 's Pat Duffy National Cup semi-finals :
UCD Marian v Pyrobel Killester
Black Amber Templeogue v UCC Demons/Garvey 's Tralee Warriors
Hula Hoops Women 's National Cup semi-finals :
NUIG Mystics v DCU Mercy
Singelton SuperValu Brunell v Pyrobel Killester/Ambassador UCC Glanmire
Hula Hoops President 's Cup semi-finals :
Neptune v Keane 's SuperValu Killorglin
Scotts Lakers St Paul 's Killarney v Ballincollig
Hula Hoops Senior Women 's National Cup semi-finals :
Griffith College Swords Thunder v Fr Mathews
Meteors v Fabplus North West
Basketball Ireland Results : December 6-10th
Hula Hoops Men 's Pat Duffy National Cup Quarter Final :
DCU Saints 53-87 UCD Marian
Black Amber Templeogue 81-76 Eanna
Moycullen 60-82 Pyrobel Killester
Basketball Ireland Men 's Super League :
Maree 60-74 Belfast Star
Basketball Ireland Women 's Super League :
NUIG Mystics 46-74 DCU Mercy
Ambassador UCC Glanmire 71-45 Maxol WIT Wildcats
Pyrobel Killester 82-85 Singleton SuperValu Brunell
Courtyard Liffey Celtics 65-68 IT Carlow Basketball
Basketball Ireland Men 's Division One
Neptune 71-75 Keane 's SuperValu Killorglin
IT Carlow Basketball 88-77 Scotts Lakers St Paul 's Killarney
Ballincollig 95-67 Portlaoise Panthers
Neptune 117-83 Ulster University Elks
Paris Texas Kilkenny 99-83 LIT Celtics
Titans 70-82 Keane 's SuperValu Killorglin
Fr Mathews 90-69 Dublin Lions
LIT Celtics 97-102 Fr Mathews
Keane 's Supervalu Killorglin 91-74 Ballincollig
Scotts Lakers St Paul 's Killarney v EJ Sligo All-Stars * * POSTPONED * *
Portlaoise Panthers v Ulster University Elks * * POSTPONED * *
Dublin Lions v IT Carlow Basketball * * POSTPONED * *
Basketball Ireland Women 's Division One
Marble City Hawks 65-47 Fabplus North West
Fr Mathews 70-72 Meteors ( after overtime )
Fr Mathews 78-82 Fabplus North West
Basketball Ireland Fixtures : December 13-17th 2017
Wednesday , 13th December
Hula Hoops Men 's Pat Duffy National Cup Quarter Final :
UCC Demons v Garvey 's Tralee Warriors , Parochial Hall , 20:00 ;
Saturday 16th December
Basketball Ireland Men 's Super League :
Griffith College Swords Thunder v UCC Demons , ALSAA-Dublin , 18:00 ;
Moycullen v Pyrobel Killester , The Jes , 19:00 ;
UCD Marian v KUBS BC , UCD , 19:00 ;
Belfast Star v DCU Saints , Methodist College , 19:00 ;
Black Amber Templeogue v Éanna , Oblate Hall Inchicore , 20:00 ;
Garvey 's Tralee Warriors v Maree , Tralee Sports Complex , 20:00 ;
Basketball Ireland Women 's Super League :
Ambassador UCC Glanmire v DCU Mercy , Upper Glanmire Sports Centre , 17:00 ;
Maxol WIT Wildcats v Pyrobel Killester , Mercy Gym , 19:00 ;
Courtyard Liffey Celtics v Portlaoise Panthers , Leixlip Amenities Centre , 19:30 ;
Basketball Ireland Men 's Division One :
Ulster University Elks v Keane 's Supervalu Killorglin , UUJ , 15:00 ;
Paris Texas Kilkenny v Portlaoise Panthers , O Loughlins GAA , 19:00 ;
Fr Mathews v Neptune , Colaiste Chriost Ri , 19:15 ;
EJ Sligo All-Stars v Dublin Lions , Mercy College , 19:30 ;
WNLC Championship Trophy semi-final :
Fr Mathews v Marble City Hawks , Colaiste Chriost Ri Cork , 16:30 ;
Sunday 17th December
Basketball Ireland Women 's Super League :
IT Carlow Basketball v Singleton SuperValu Brunell , Barrow Centre-IT Carlow , 15:30 ;
Basketball Ireland Men 's Division One :
IT Carlow Basketball v LIT Celtics , Barrow Centre-IT Carlow , 12:30 ;
GameFootage.net Titans v LYIT Donegal , The Jes , 15:30 ;
Fr Mathews v Paris Texas Kilkenny , Colaiste Chriost Ri Cork , 15:45 ;
Basketball Ireland Women 's Division One :
UL Huskies v Griffith College Swords Thunder , Ref : , Venue : UL Arena-Limerick , 15:00 ;
Shipping containers sit stacked at the Port 2000 terminal in the Port of Le Havre , France March 14 , 2017 . REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
PARIS The Bank of France on Monday trimmed its estimate for first quarter French economic growth to 0.3 percent , from an earlier 0.4 percent estimate , although the central bank kept its overall , estimate for annual growth of 1.3 percent .
The Bank of France 's business climate survey showed a dip in the climate for the industrial sector , which edged down to 103 points in March from 104 points in February .
The business climate indicator for the services sector stood at 101 points in March , unchanged from February .
( Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta ; Editing by Adrian Croft )
April 5 GK Software AG :
* FY growth in turnover of 23.5 percent to 77.33 million euros ( provisional figures )
* EBITDA reached 7.80 million euros , following a figure of 2.2 million euros in 2016 and therefore improved by 258 percent
* Profits for 2016 were at upper end of company 's expectations and were within medium-term forecast for period until 2018
* FY EBIT amounted to 3.94 million euros and therefore increased by 5.22 million euros over previous year 's figure ( 2015 EBIT , ( 1.28 ) million euros )
* Is confident will be able to reach goals set in medium-term forecast for period until 2018 and is standing by this without changes Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Former Central Information Commissioner Shailesh Gandhi said that the Right to Information Act was being “ strangled ” due to the neglect of the state government .
Gandhi has written a letter to Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis asking him to fill the vacancies in the Information Commission in the state .
“ RTI is slowly being strangled in Maharashtra by not appointing information commissioners . In Maharashtra , there is vacancy of one Chief Information Commissioner and three commissioners . These are not being filled despite repeated reminders , ” Gandhi stated in his letter to Fadnavis .
Gandhi said that the pendency at all the commissions was now alarming and it was in turn killing the objective of the Act which was transparency .
Sharing the figures of 31,474 pending cases in four regions , Gandhi said , “ Nashik region has 9,931 pending cases , Pune has 8,647 cases , Amravati 8,026 cases and Mumbai ( HQ ) has 4,870 cases pending . These cases are languishing for the want of information commissioners . ”
His letter stated that it was a serious matter and needed immediate attention and claimed that failure to do so would allow the state to “ succeed ” in making the RTI Act “ redundant ” .
“ It will continue as a haven for rewarding retired bureaucrats and other favourites . It will be an expense account with no benefit to its citizens , ” Gandhi wrote .
He said that Maharashtra was one of the first states to enact the law when it came into effect in October , 2005 but the state was now “ reeling from the worst levels of pendency in years ” .
PITTSBURGH — Jonathan Bernier stopped 39 shots and Mark Barberio scored in the third period , helping the Colorado Avalanche top the Pittsburgh Penguins 2-1 on Monday night .
Blake Comeau added an empty netter against his former team as Colorado won its second straight after a string of six losses in seven games . It was Comeau 's seventh of the season .
Barberio put the Avalanche ahead to stay 6:17 into the third . His slap shot off the rush hit Pittsburgh forward Riley Sheahan in front and got past goaltender Tristan Jarry .
Bernier was on track for his second shutout of the season before Phil Kessel scored his team-best 15th goal for Pittsburgh at 19:48 . Bernier beat the Penguins for just the second time in 10 career games .
Kessel has points in 25 of 32 games this season and eight straight home games , his longest streak since joining the Penguins .
Jarry , making his eighth straight appearance , stopped 26 shots in the finale of a season-long five-game homestand . Pittsburgh lost for the third time in four games following a four-game winning streak .
Colorado thought it scored in the opening period when Nathan MacKinnon deftly worked around Penguins defenceman Kris Letang at the blue line and squeezed a shot between Jarry 's pads . But the goal was overturned on a coach 's challenge for offsides .
Jarry kept the game scoreless in the second period with a sharp left-pad save on a wide-open J.T . Compher from the slot in 4-on-4 play . He also made a glove stop on an open Carl Soderberg from close range and a stick save on Compher during a short-handed breakaway .
NOTES : Penguins F Patric Hornqvist ( upper body ) was in the lineup after leaving during the third period of Saturday 's loss against Toronto . ... Penguins G Matt Murray participated in the morning skate for the second time since sustaining a lower-body injury on Nov. 27 . Murray is considered day to day . ... Avalanche F Nail Yakupov missed his third straight game with an illness . ... Colorado dressed 11 forwards and seven defencemen . ... Penguins F Tom Kuhnhackl ( upper body ) missed his second game . . It was the 500th consecutive home sellout for the Penguins . ... Pittsburgh plays at Colorado next Monday night .
UP NEXT
New Hampton 's economic development director definitely sees progress when it comes to “ filling ” the city 's Main Street .
But Tammy Robinson is also renewing her call to potential entrepreneurs that New Hampton is open for business .
“ The biggest thing we want is traffic downtown , ” Robinson said . “ We need a good mix between retail and service , but traffic is the key on Main Street . ”
Robinson and city officials were heartened last week when the old Tom 's Pharmacy building on Main Street was purchased by Hacker and Nelson .
The accounting firm hopes to move from its current Locust Avenue location to Main Street before the tax season shifts into high gear in early 2018 .
That coupled with the new Hugeback-Johnson Funeral Home that will open early next year has Robinson excited .
“ It 's good for traffic downtown , ” she said , “ and that helps our retailers . ”
She said her office is continuing to encourage those who have ideas for new businesses to consider New Hampton and its downtown area .
She pointed out that building owners have shown a propensity to work with tenants .
For more of this article , see Tuesday 's New Hampton Tribune .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Plans for a community hub on the Sir John A. Macdonald Secondary School property are `` down to the wire '' after the Ministry of Education refused a request for $ 30.1 million to start building it .
`` We 're pushing harder than ever , '' said Todd White , chair of the Hamilton-Wentworth District School Board . `` We 're at a critical time right now . ''
He is turning to the Ministry of Infrastructure to save the proposal with funding by April .
`` We have this window of opportunity , '' said White . `` We 've thrown everything we can at it . But the final stage requires provincial government support and funding . ''
March 31 Wuestenrot & Wuerttembergische Ag
* As a result of the low-interest environment , FY financial result was 1.82 billion euros ( $ 1.94 billion ) below the previous year 's figure of 2.03 billion euros
* Proposes a dividend of 60 eurocent per W & W share for FY
* Expects 2017 consolidated net profit on the 2016 level
* FY net profit 235.3 million euros versus 274.3 million euros year ago Source text - bit.ly/2mV3XKQ Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9365 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Welcome to Tuesday .
Stay tuned as we provide you with all the latest news from across Bath in our daily rolling news blog .
We 'll be keeping an eye on all the latest traffic , travel , sport and weather information for Bath and the surrounding area .
Whether it is a traffic alert , the latest crime case or the best Bath Rugby news , we 'll bring it straight to you right here .
We will also drop in news from the wider world if we think it 's something you 'll be interested in .
If you 've seen something going on , please let us know by calling the newsdesk on 01225 322217 or tweet us @ BathChron
Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad speaks during an interview with Chinese TV station Phoenix in Damascus , Syria , in this handout picture provided by SANA on March 11 , 2017 . SANA/Handout via REUTERS
MOSCOW Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Wednesday that Moscow 's position on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad remained unchanged .
Earlier on Wednesday , Russia denied that Assad was to blame for a poison gas attack and said it would continue to back him , setting the Kremlin on course for its biggest diplomatic collision yet with Donald Trump 's White House .
Lavrov declined to say whether the incident would affect Russia 's relations with the United States .
( Reporting by Denis Dyomkin ; writing by Polina Devitt ; editing by Christian Lowe )
( Adds analyst , share reaction )
April 20 Shares in Danish jewellery maker Pandora jumped more than 4 percent on Thursday , recouping earlier losses , after the firm reassured markets by maintaining its 2017 outlook as it updated its financial reporting structure :
* `` The financial guidance is unchanged and the content of this release will have no impact on PANDORA 's outlook for 2017 , '' Pandora said in a statement
* Shares in the firm rose 4.5 percent at 0740 GMT , lifting Pandora to the top of the Stoxx 600 Europe index
* The positive share reaction was triggered by the outlook comment rather than the updated reporting structure , analysts said
* `` Among investors especially there has been an explicit fear that the firm would downward revise its outlook , '' said Nykredit analyst Klaus Kehl
* The stock recouped some of the losses from Tuesday , when it slumped following a downgrade by brokers Carnegie
* Pandora is expected to report first-quarter earnings May 9
* In February , Pandora said it expects a 13-18 percent rise in revenues this year to between 23 and 24 billion Danish crowns ( $ 3.3-3.5 billion ) , down from a 21.5 percent rise in 2016
* The maintaining of Pandora 's guidance came in connection with an updated financial reporting structure aiming to `` provide greater clarity around the development of our owned and operated retail business , which is making a growing contribution to Group revenue ''
* For more detail on the new reporting structure , click here Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Stine Jacobsen , editing by Terje Solsvik )
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Night ' game
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Texas Lottery 's `` Pick 3 Night '' game were :
9-7-3 , Sum It Up : 19
( nine , seven , three ; Sum It Up : nineteen )
LONDON , March 29 Irish low-cost airline Ryanair warned that it would not be able to fly between Britain and Europe if the country did not agree a new aviation deal as part of the Brexit negotiations which will be triggered later on Wednesday .
Ryanair warned that with Britain set to leave Europe 's `` Open Skies '' system , the country will need to negotiate a bilateral agreement with the EU to allow flights to and from Europe to continue .
`` Some nine months on from the Brexit referendum , we are no closer to knowing what effect it will have on aviation , '' Ryanair 's Kenny Jacobs said .
`` It 's become worrying that the UK Government seems to have no plan B to maintain Britain 's liberalised air links with Europe , in the absence of remaining in the `` Open Skies '' regime . ''
( Reporting by Paul Sandle ; editing by Kate Holton )
April 10 Frosta Ag
* Exclusive negotiations on the purchase of Italian frozen food brands of Nestlé Italiana S.p.A .
* Within the framework of exclusivity , Frosta AG is currently examining whether such an investment is beneficial to the company Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 10Jiangsu Pacific Precision Forging Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 29.2 percent to 41 percent , or to be 55 million yuan to 60 million yuan , compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 ( 42.6 million yuan )
* Says increased operating revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/SJXJtM
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
FILE PHOTO : The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the 'What 's Next ? ' conference in Chicago , Illinois , U.S. , October 4 , 2016 . REUTERS/Jim Young/File Photo
A Bombardier C Series aircraft is displayed at the Singapore Airshow at Changi Exhibition Center February 18 , 2016 . REUTERS/Edgar Su/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : Bombardier 's C Series aircraft are assembled in their plant in Mirabel , Quebec , Canada April 29 , 2016 . REUTERS/Christinne Muschi/File Photo
WASHINGTON/NEW YORK Boeing Co ( BA.N ) on Thursday asked the U.S. Commerce Department to investigate alleged subsidies and unfair pricing for Canadian planemaker Bombardier 's ( BBDb.TO ) new CSeries airplane , adding to growing trade tensions between the United States and Canada .
The petition against Canada 's new competitor to the Boeing 737 aircraft came just days after the Commerce Department imposed duties averaging 20 percent on imports of Canadian softwood lumber , saying that the product 's origin from public land amounted to an unfair government subsidy .
On Wednesday , U.S. President Donald Trump told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto that he intended to begin renegotiating the 23-year-old North American Free Trade Agreement , after White House officials said Trump had been considering an order to withdraw from the pact .
Boeing said in its petition that Bombardier , determined to win a key order from Delta Air Lines Inc ( DAL.N ) after losing a competition at United Airlines ( UAL.N ) , had offered its planes to the airline at an `` absurdly low '' $ 19.6 million ( £15.19 million ) each , well below what it described as the aircraft 's production cost of $ 33.2 million .
`` Propelled by massive , supply creating and illegal government subsidies , Bombardier Inc has embarked on an aggressive campaign to dump its CSeries aircraft in the United States , '' Boeing said in its petition .
Boeing 's similarly sized 737-700 model has a list price of $ 83.4 million , with the new 737-MAX 7 priced at $ 92.2 million . Sales discounts from list prices are typically 40 percent to 50 percent in the industry .
In April 2016 , Bombardier won the Delta order , its biggest yet , for 75 CS100 jets , worth an estimated $ 5.6 billion based on the list price of about $ 71.8 million .
In its complaint against Bombardier , Boeing argued that the CSeries program would not exist without hundreds of millions of dollars in launch aid from the governments of Canada , Quebec and Britain , or a $ 2.5 billion equity infusion from Quebec and its largest pension fund in 2015 .
Quebec Economy Minister Dominique Anglade said in a statement that her government would defend `` the commercial partnership concluded with Bombardier '' for a $ 1 billion injection in the CSeries .
Boeing also took a shot at European rival Airbus SE ( AIR.PA ) , which it accuses of benefiting from similar `` unfair '' government subsidies in a long-running dispute before the World Trade Organization .
Bombardier is “ taking a page out of the Airbus strategy book ” by trying to muscle into the U.S. market with cut-rate pricing , Boeing charged .
A Commerce Department spokesman said the petition would be given `` a thorough review '' and further comment was premature .
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross has taken action in recent weeks to protect the U.S. steel and aluminium industries from foreign competition , launching national security investigations that could lead to import restrictions .
An investigation could lead to duties on the Bombardier aircraft to offset any below-cost pricing or any subsidies deemed unfair .
In a statement , Canada 's government objected to Boeing 's allegations and noted that the CSeries has many U.S. suppliers , including for engines , and supports thousands of U.S. jobs .
`` The Government of Canada will mount a vigorous defense against these allegations and stand up for aerospace jobs on both sides of the border , '' it said in the statement .
Bombardier 's chief executive conceded the company had been “ aggressive ” on pricing in order to win , and sources familiar with the deal pegged the discount closer to two-thirds off the nominal list price .
Bombardier said in a statement that it was reviewing the petition and said it structures its dealings to ensure compliance with all relevant laws .
The request for anti-dumping measures was also addressed to the U.S. International Trade Commission , an independent U.S. trade body that will review any decisions by the Commerce Department .
( Additional reporting by Tim Hepher in Paris , David Ljunggren in Ottawa and Allison Lampert in Montreal ; Writing by David Lawder ; Editing by Bill Rigby and Leslie Adler )
Students run to their homes after a magnitude 5.7 earthquake hit off the coast in Vina del Mar , Chile April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Rodrigo Garrido
Students return home after classes have been suspended after a magnitude 5.7 earthquake hit off the coast in Vina del Mar , Chile April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Rodrigo Garrido
SANTIAGO A cluster of tremors shook central Chile on Friday afternoon , leaving locals worried that a bigger earthquake may be imminent and prompting some early closures of schools and workplaces .
At least seven tremors struck offshore the coastal city of Valparaiso in less than an hour , with the largest rattling buildings in the Chilean capital Santiago some 102 kilometres ( 63 miles ) away .
The United States Geological Survey said the most powerful tremor , which hit at around 1:05 p.m. local time ( 1605 GMT ) , was magnitude 5.7 , with a depth of 9 miles ( 14 km ) and an epicentre 12 miles ( 20 km ) west of Valparaiso .
No damage was reported by the emergency office and the navy said the quake had not been severe enough to cause a tsunami .
But worried locals hurried home from work and schools were told to finish early .
`` This chain of tremors has caused a lot of worry and families want to be together , '' Valparaiso city Mayor Jorge Sharp said in broadcast comments . Authorities advised citizens to ensure that they had emergency kits ready .
Chile , on the Pacific 'ring of fire ' , is one of the most earthquake-prone countries in the world . Builders follow strict construction codes and Chileans are usually stoic about the country 's regular tremors .
But the string of tremors on Friday follows an entire week of smaller ones centred close to Valparaiso after a 6.9 magnitude quake offshore on Monday .
`` Services are functioning . The problem is the anguish and anxiety that we are living through , this has not happened before , '' said Gabriel Aldoney , mayor of the region of Valparaiso .
Scientists said that the string of tremors did not necessarily mean that a larger quake was imminent , but that such an event could not be ruled out .
`` We think that the Nazca and South American tectonic plates are converging at about 6.5 centimetres a year , '' said Sergio Barrientos , the director of the national seismological centre .
`` That is pretty high in terms of plate movement . ''
In 1960 Chile was hit by a 9.5 magnitude quake , the strongest in recorded history .
In recent years , the biggest quake to hit Chile was an 8.8 magnitude tremor that struck the central-southern region in 2010 , triggering a tsunami and killing more than 500 people .
( Reporting by Rosalba O'Brien , Gram Slattery and Reuters TV ; Editing by Mary Milliken )
COEBURN , Va. — Tracy Stallard , the pitcher who gave up Roger Maris ' record 61st home run in 1961 , has died . He was 80 .
The Sturgill Funeral Home in Coeburn , Virginia , said Monday that Stallard died Wednesday at the Holston Valley Medical Center in Kingsport , Tennessee .
He was on the mound for Boston in 1961 when Maris broke the single-season record that Babe Ruth had held since 1927 . The record stayed until 1998 .
Stallard went 30-57 with a 4.17 career ERA while pitching for the Red Sox ( 1960-62 ) , New York Mets ( 1963-64 ) and St. Louis Cardinals ( 1965-66 ) .
As many Ithaca College students experienced cloudy , cold weather , Tal Torovezky '17 and senior Hannah Mautz enjoyed the Las Vegas heat as they interned for the 53rd annual Academy of Country Music Awards on April 15 .
ACM is an organization founded in 1964 that aims to connect fans and artists in the country music industry through their awards show and their charity , ACM Lifting Lives . Throughout their three-month–long internship , Torovezky and Mautz were working to plan for the awards . They said that being at the show and seeing their work unfold that night was the highlight of their experience with ACM .
Torovezky and Mautz began their internships with ACM in late January but work in different departments . Torovezky was responsible for event operations that include travel coordination , scheduling and merchandise , while Mautz was in charge of coordinating promotional material like working with local universities to boost ticket sales .
On the day of the awards , Mautz was in charge of greeting guests on the red carpet and making sure they had the credentials that permitted them to walk the carpet , she said . She did not have full conversations with any of them , but she said seeing them all on the red carpet was still exciting . Torovezky was in charge of checking on volunteers on the red carpet and making sure things ran smoothly from the office .
Both worked on the red carpet , but during the show , they got to relax and watch , which Mautz said was enjoyable . She said she loved watching all of the musical performances , especially since she is a fan of country music and of many of the artists who performed . Torovezky said her favorite performance of the night was Carrie Underwood .
Torovezky heard about the internship opportunity from a former co-worker from her previous job as an events and marketing coordinator at the Office of Conference and Event Services at the college . She said she knew she wanted to work for ACM after working for both event services and the Ilana Ashley Events wedding company when she studied at the Ithaca College Los Angeles Program .
“ Since I was graduating and did n't really know what I wanted to do and did n't want to get a full–time job yet , I figured I would apply , and five months later , we 're in Las Vegas , ” she said .
Mautz is a second–semester senior and participating in the ICLA program . She said that the ACM internship was one of the ones she heard about through the program and that she decided to forward her resume through Meaghan O'Donnell '13 , the ICLA professional development coordinator .
O'Donnell said she was grateful for the internships available through the Los Angeles program because they allow students to take what they learn in the classroom and apply it to a professional setting . At least one student each semester interns at ACM , she said .
“ It 's just a great opportunity to come and experience the entertainment industry , ” she said .
Being able to work in the industry that she wants to work in after graduation was something she was grateful for , Mautz said .
“ I 've always really wanted to work in the entertainment industry and more so the music industry specifically , so kind of getting a taste of both with this internship is definitely really cool , ” Mautz said .
Mautz said it was exciting to watch the awards and see the result of the work they had done over the past three months .
“ Just knowing that we were a part of the awards and seeing it all come together was definitely really cool , ” she said .
BAKRANI , Pakistan , March 28 ( Thomson Reuters Foundation ) - Since his father died in 2011 , Moeez Assadullah has been looking after his family 's farm alone .
The 21-year-old tends the 3 hectares ( 7 acres ) of land without the help of his two brothers , who lost interest in farming when they realised that more erratic weather was making agriculture an unreliable source of income .
They now work at a brick kiln in the nearby town of Larkana . But Assadullah has taken a risk , and come up with his own plan to adapt to shifting weather patterns .
Three years ago he stopped growing rice on the farm in Bakrani , a village a few miles from Larkana , in southern Pakistan 's Sindh province . The crop was too labour intensive , and took too long to get to harvest , he said .
Now he squeezes out a living for his family cultivating vegetables that grow more quickly and require less water .
“ In view of the rapidly changing weather and upheaval in it , growing a six-month rice crop that requires huge irrigation and care was not a viable option compared to growing vegetables , ” he said .
Many of Pakistan 's farmers are trying to adapt to changing climate conditions – a process that can prove difficult for those with little in the way of education or savings to help them make the required switches .
Richer farmers , with more land , money and education , meanwhile , are finding the switch easier . That reality suggests Pakistan may face a future where an uncertain climate forces the poor – who cultivate over 80 percent of the country 's agricultural land - out of farming unless they get help , experts say .
Failing small farms could undermine government efforts to achieve sustainable agriculture and food security , and to eradicate poverty , hunger and malnutrition , experts warn .
“ Providing the poor farmers with required technical , financial and institutional support ... is key , ” said Khuda Bakhsh , an agriculture scientist at the COMSATS Institute of Information Technology in Vehari , in Punjab province .
DRIP IRRIGATION , LASER LEVELING
In Bakrani , Assadullah , after abandoning rice , is growing traditional varieties of cauliflower , spinach , green chilli , cabbage , tomatoes and onion . He says that in his village many farmers with larger plots of land are adopting water conservation technologies , such as drip irrigation .
He would like to join them , but the installation costs – up to $ 700 per hectare – are too high , he says .
But 80 km ( 50 miles ) east , in Khairpur , 38-year-old Nawaz Somroo is using lasers to grow more cotton on his father 's more than 80 hectares of land .
Unlike the self-trained Assadullah , Somroo is a graduate in agricultural science from Faisalabad Agriculture University , one of the Pakistan 's top agricultural schools .
With his education and access to more money , Somroo has been able to adopt improved cotton varieties with higher yields . He uses the latest laser technology to make his fields level , which helps him reduce water consumption by nearly 60 percent .
Somroo said that until 2012 his father cultivated a traditional cotton variety . But at the university , Somroo learned about a seed variety bio-engineered to be pest resistant and introduced it on the family farm . Yields jumped by about a third .
Now , he says , other farmers consult him about ways to achieve similar improvements .
Akhter Ali , an agro-ecologist and food security expert at the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Centre 's ( CIMMYT ) office in Islamabad , said Pakistani farmers who want to adopt climate-smart agriculture are hindered by a lack of technical know-how and financial resources .
But resource-poor farmers could be encouraged to stay in farming through things like on-farm demonstrations , help to diversify crops and adjusting the timing of cultivation , and better access to new crop varieties and water management techniques , he said .
Credit schemes for small-scale farmers and subsidised access to technology could also help , he noted .
He said a recent CIMMYT study showed that farmers who adapted to changing weather had achieved 8-13 percent better food security than those who did not , and poverty was 3-6 percent lower .
EFFORTS TO HELP
Pakistani provincial agriculture departments have launched a few programmes to boost farmers ' ability to cope with climate change .
Starting this year , a three-year World Bank-funded effort is underway to help 16,000 small-scale farmers in Sindh province adapt their livestock and vegetable farming , said Sohail Anwar Siyal , the Sindh provincial agriculture minister .
The $ 88 million scheme aims to improve the productivity and market access of small- and medium-scale farmers by improving their knowledge and access to technology .
Late last year , Punjab 's chief minister also launched programmes to help farmers with everything from new financial support to a distribution of more than 5 million smartphones .
Apart from making up-to-date weather forecasts accessible , the phones will be used to send information about the latest cultivation technologies , farming methods , potential disease outbreaks due to abrupt weather changes , and measures to protect against extreme weather , he said .
The province will also make 1 million interest-free loans available to small-scale farmers and give free farmland to graduates of agriculture universities .
In 2016 , the Gilgit-Baltistan provincial government similarly launched a seven-year , $ 120-million initiative for economic transformation through climate-resilient mountain farming , in collaboration with the UN 's International Fund for Agriculture Development .
The effort has focused on everything from organising farmers into producers ' groups to introducing high-value climate-resilient cash crops , said Rai Manzoor , Gilgit-Baltistan 's food secretary .
Such measures are seen as key in Pakistan as summer monsoon rains , which have traditionally come in late June or early July and ended in September , have for several years arrived only in mid or late August and lasted into October .
“ Focusing on young smallholder poor farmers and imparting to them new knowledge about coping with climate change impacts ” – as well as helping with subsidised technology and small loans - is “ critical for achieving household food security and poverty alleviation , ” said Sikandar Hayat Khan Bosan , Pakistan 's minister for national food security .
( Reporting by Saleem Shaikh and Sughra Tunio ; editing by James Baer and Laurie Goering : ; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation , the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters , that covers humanitarian news , climate change , resilience , women 's rights , trafficking and property rights . Visit news.trust.org/climate )
PARIS Paris St Germain could face sanctions after the French League ( LFP ) said that its disciplinary commission would study damage caused by their fans at Saturday 's League Cup final against Monaco in Lyon .
Pictures of the Parc OL stadium showed that seats had been ripped up and the LFP blamed the PSG supporters .
`` The LFP firmly condemns the behaviour of a section of the PSG fans at Parc OL , '' the LFP said in a statement on Sunday .
PSG won the game 4-1 to clinch their fourth successive League Cup title .
`` As soon as next Thursday , the LFP 's disciplinary commission will look into the case , '' the statement added .
( Reporting by Julien Pretot ; Editing by Clare Lovell )
Burnley midfielder Joey Barton 's 18-month ban from football was the `` shortest possible sanction '' for his betting offences , the English Football Association has said .
Barton , who was charged with placing 1,260 bets on football matches or competitions from March 2006 to May 2016 , said that he will appeal the length of the ban as it `` effectively forces me into an early retirement '' .
`` The Commission accepts he had a gambling addiction , and that may have played a part in his continued betting , '' the FA explained in its written reasons .
`` However , it is not a complete answer for it , nor for his attitude to the rules . It demonstrates some element of control and conscious decision-making and disregard for and disrespect of the rules . ''
`` The shortest possible sanction to reflect the totality of his betting breaches was a suspension from football and footballing activity for a period of 18 months . ''
Burnley manager Sean Dyche has called the ban harsh and said Barton would not be offered a new contract at the Premier League club .
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru ; editing by Amlan Chakraborty )
BERLIN , April 6 Banks in Europe are much safer from shocks than they were in the past , but some legacy issues remain that need to be dealt with , Elke Koenig , who heads the Single Resolution Board ( SRB ) , a bank crisis response body , said .
`` There is still a long way to go , '' she told a banking conference on Thursday .
Consolidation , including across borders , could be one option , she said . ( Reporting by Gernot Heller ; Writing by Maria Sheahan ; Editing by Madeline Chambers )
BERLIN Turkish officials provided additional information about people they believe to have links to terrorist groups to a German delegation visiting Turkey , Interior Ministry sources said on Tuesday .
The material has been sent to the Federal Crime Office and the BfV domestic intelligence agency for further investigation , the sources said . It was not immediately clear if the material included additional individuals or provided further information about suspected terrorist activities .
News of the latest dossier provided by Ankara to Berlin comes amid growing concern about possible Turkish espionage against Germany 's large ethnic Turkish diaspora .
Tensions are running high between the two NATO allies ahead of an April 16 referendum in Turkey that proposes expanding the powers of President Tayyip Erdoğan . Berlin infuriated Ankara by cancelling several campaign rallies by Turkish ministers on German soil , drawing accusations from Turkey of `` Nazi '' tactics .
Germany last week opened a second investigation into suspected spying by Turkey , following media reports that Turkish intelligence had given German officials a list of more than 300 supposed supporters of Fethullah Gulen , whom Ankara accused of masterminding a failed July 15 coup .
The list included telephone numbers and photographs , including some that may have been taken by hidden surveillance cameras .
News about the latest dossier was first reported by the weekly newspaper Die Zeit .
( Reporting by Andrea Shalal ; Editing by Stephen Powell )
NCAA prepares minority coordinators for head coaching jobs
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-8 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 8 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Gaston De Cardenas , AP Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Image 1 of 8 Files - In this Dec. 27 , 2015 , file photo , Clemson co-offensive coordinators Tony Elliott , left , and Jeff Scott speak to the media at a news conference in Fort Lauderdale , Fla . Despite helping Clemson win a national title as co-offensive coordinator , Elliott has never interviewed for a head-coaching job . College football as a public entity ca n't institute a Rooney Rule like the NFL to compel programs to interview minority candidates for head coaching jobs . So the NCAA is trying to do the next best thing by putting some of the rising coaching stars through its Champion Forum that better prepares them for the interview process in an effort to increase the diversity in the Power Five conferences and across the country . less FILE - In this Dec. 27 , 2015 , file photo , Clemson co-offensive coordinators Tony Elliott , left , and Jeff Scott speak to the media at a news conference in Fort Lauderdale , Fla . Despite helping Clemson win a ... more Photo : Gaston De Cardenas , AP Image 2 of 8 Files - In this Dec. 30 , 2017 , file photo , Penn State head coach James Franklin , front left , greets Washington head coach Chris Petersen , right , after the Fiesta Bowl NCAA college football game , in Glendale , Ariz. College football as a public entity ca n't institute a Rooney Rule like the NFL to compel programs to interview minority candidates for head coaching jobs . Minorities make up only 19 percent of Division I head football coaches and less across the Power Five conferences : the ACC , SEC , Big Ten , Big 12 and Pac 12. less FILE - In this Dec. 30 , 2017 , file photo , Penn State head coach James Franklin , front left , greets Washington head coach Chris Petersen , right , after the Fiesta Bowl NCAA college football game , in Glendale , ... more Photo : Ross D. Franklin , AP Image 3 of 8 Files - In this Dec. 30 , 2017 , file photo , Penn State head coach James Franklin takes the field with his team prior to the Fiesta Bowl NCAA college football game against Washington , in Glendale , Ariz. College football as a public entity ca n't institute a Rooney Rule like the NFL to compel programs to interview minority candidates for head coaching jobs . Minorities make up only 19 percent of Division I head football coaches and less across the Power Five conferences : the ACC , SEC , Big Ten , Big 12 and Pac 12. less FILE - In this Dec. 30 , 2017 , file photo , Penn State head coach James Franklin takes the field with his team prior to the Fiesta Bowl NCAA college football game against Washington , in Glendale , Ariz. College ... more Photo : Ross D. Franklin , AP Image 4 of 8 Files - In this Nov. 25 , 2017 , file photo , Vanderbilt head coach Derek Mason celebrates with his team after an NCAA college football game , in Knoxville , Tenn . Minorities make up only 19 percent of Division I head football coaches and less across the Power Five conferences : the ACC , SEC , Big Ten , Big 12 and Pac 12 . But the Champion Forum has helped Penn State 's James Franklin , Vanderbilt 's Derek Mason , Stanford 's David Shaw , Arizona 's Kevin Sumlin and others get head jobs with the aim of pushing the next generation along , too . less FILE - In this Nov. 25 , 2017 , file photo , Vanderbilt head coach Derek Mason celebrates with his team after an NCAA college football game , in Knoxville , Tenn . Minorities make up only 19 percent of Division I ... more Photo : Wade Payne , AP Image 5 of 8 Image 6 of 8 Files - In this Dec. 5 , 2017 , file photo , Clemson co-offensive coordinator Tony Elliott attends a reception in Little Rock , Ark. , ahead of his being announced as the winner of this year 's Broyles Award , given to the top assistant coach in college football . Despite helping Clemson win a national title as co-offensive coordinator , Elliott has never interviewed for a head-coaching job . less FILE - In this Dec. 5 , 2017 , file photo , Clemson co-offensive coordinator Tony Elliott attends a reception in Little Rock , Ark. , ahead of his being announced as the winner of this year 's Broyles Award , given to ... more Photo : Kelly P. Kissel , AP Image 7 of 8 Files - In this Jan. 21 , 2017 , file photo , newly hired Michigan football assistant head coach Pep Hamilton acknowledges the crowd as he is being introduced during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game between Michigan and Illinois , at Crisler Center in Ann Arbor , Mich . Minorities make up only 19 percent of Division I head football coaches and less across the Power Five conferences : the ACC , SEC , Big Ten , Big 12 and Pac 12. less FILE - In this Jan. 21 , 2017 , file photo , newly hired Michigan football assistant head coach Pep Hamilton acknowledges the crowd as he is being introduced during the first half of an NCAA college basketball ... more Photo : Tony Ding , AP Image 8 of 8 NCAA prepares minority coordinators for head coaching jobs 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
OXON HILL , Md . ( AP ) — Camera lighting made beads of sweat emerge from Tony Elliott 's forehead as he fielded questions ranging from football philosophy to something he could share about his private life .
The Clemson co-offensive coordinator paused , smiled and could n't hide his joy about riding an all-terrain vehicle through the woods . The walls broke down as Elliott made a human connection with mock interviewer Jon Oliver in the best possible preparation he can get for a head coaching job .
Despite helping the Tigers win a national title , Elliott has never interviewed for a head-coaching job .
`` Two phone calls , '' Elliott said .
College football as a public entity ca n't institute a Rooney Rule like the NFL , which compels teams to interview minority candidates for head coaching jobs . So instead of focusing all its efforts on the schools , the NCAA is putting some of its rising coaching candidates through its Champion Forum to better prepare them for the interview process .
It is an effort to increase the diversity in the Power Five conferences and across the country .
`` You ca n't shame people into hiring people , '' said Oliver , a former University of Virginia athletics administrator who now works with the Champion Forum . `` You ca n't tell ( schools ) what they need to be doing . But what we can do is make sure ( the candidates ) are ready . ''
Minorities make up only 19 percent of Division I head football coaches and less across the Power Five conferences : the ACC , SEC , Big Ten , Big 12 and Pac 12 . In contrast , 61 percent of Division I players are minorities .
The Champion Forum has helped Penn State 's James Franklin , Vanderbilt 's Derek Mason , Stanford 's David Shaw , Arizona 's Kevin Sumlin and others get head jobs with the aim of pushing along the next generation .
Elliott , Michigan assistant head coach Pep Hamilton , LSU defensive coordinator Dave Aranda , Florida State defensive coordinator Harlon Barnett , South Carolina offensive coordinator Bryan McClendon and Navy offensive coordinator Ivin Jasper are all part of the latest class . Picked by their conferences and schools to go through the program , they 're all in phase two that includes one-on-one mock interviews , conversations with search firms and information about contracts and what to expect from being a head coach .
`` It 's just the knowledge of what goes into becoming a head coach , what ( athletic directors ) look for , what search firms look for , '' said Jasper , who has been a candidate for jobs at Georgia Southern , Yale and Rice during his time at Navy . `` Having those tools in our toolbox now and know what people look for , now we can address those issues and work on getting better at it . ''
Jasper and Elliott had their mock interviews back-to-back with their wives seated a few feet away . Oliver played the role of the interviewer for a job at a fictional Atlantic University in Florida , firing questions at each coach about a head job and asking for their questions .
Afterward , Oliver critiqued them on everything from how fast they were talking to what they should n't have said . Oliver has seen coaches go from not being able to finish answers to having a better idea of what to expect the next time the phone rings about an opening .
`` Had I not gone through this process , I would n't know what I was getting into , '' Elliott said . `` I would n't have been encouraged to go prepare in the areas where I needed to prepare to ultimately be successful . Because at the end of the day , it 's not just becoming a head coach . It 's being a successful head coach and building a successful program . ''
The success of coaches like Franklin helps because Oliver is well-aware that minority coaches who do n't succeed are less likely to get a second chance . In his eight years running the Champion Forum , director of NCAA leadership development Curtis Hollomon has seen progress with more minority coaches being in the mix for openings .
`` What we 've seen is the awareness of these coaches , '' Hollomon said . `` That 's one of the main things that we 're trying to do : let them know that these coaches are out there , they 're in these positions and they 're ready when the opportunities present themselves . ''
The program includes two steps of interview training , video clips to show strengths and weaknesses and an in-person follow-up by former Washington Redskins general manager Charley Casserly and other officials . This year , the NCAA invited the coordinators ' wives to sit in on the program and welcomed their input .
`` It made me realize how much he has grown , '' Elliott 's wife , Tameka , said . `` Just watching him grow and seeing his transition and seeing how he has to interact with more people than he was used to interacting with — not just the player and the family . Now you 've got the A.D. and fundraisers , stuff like that . ''
Jasper learned from his Rice interview to have questions prepared , and Oliver told Elliott not to broach a topic and expect it to be brought up by the interviewer . Recognizing they 're getting plenty of help from the process , coaches also understand they have to do their homework and earn the jobs they 're being prepared for .
`` It 's a great initiative in what they 're doing in giving guys an opportunity to just be considered , '' Elliott said . `` And then from there , we 've got to do our part . We 've got to go get the job , we 've got to be the best person for the job and then when we get the job we 've got to be successful . ''
___
Follow AP Sports Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/SWhyno
___
For more AP college football coverage : http : //collegefootball.ap.org and http : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
MEXICALI ( KUSI ) — Four people were killed Monday following a helicopter explosion just across the border from El Centro .
The incident happened next to the El Centinela Mountain in Mexicali .
The helicopter flying over the area to locate a missing hiker , but when the helicopter descended to pick up a group of rescuers who helped locate the dead women , it got tangled in an overhead power line , spun out of control and exploded .
The four bodies have been located .
The is a developing story and will be updated as information becomes available .
https : //www.thehour.com/news/article/White-House-says-President-Donald-Trump-spoke-13047583.php
White House says President Donald Trump spoke Tuesday to three potential Supreme Court nominees
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Love it or hate it , Christmas just would n't be Christmas without the panto and here at the Theatre Royal we have a great tradition .
This year 's show Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs stars Ab Fab 's Harriet Thorpe as the wicked queen , musical stars Michael Quinn and Devon-Elise Johnson and regular favourite Jon Monie and Nick Wilton .
There are also seven dwarfs who have come to Bath for the panto from all over the country and , although they have different names than the Disney film for legal reasons , they are hilarious and adorable at times .
Every year thousands of children flock to the glorious Theatre Royal for the panto , screaming and shouting , eating sweets and ice cream and joining in the happy banter .
But what do they think of this year 's show which opened last Friday ( December 8 ) ?
We asked two local schoolchildren , Kristian and Isabella Goldaniga who attend St Stephen 's primary school in Lansdown , for their opinion of the opening night .
Kristian said after the show : `` I really liked it , it is really funny this year , funnier than last year .
`` The wicked queen [ played by Ab Fab actress Harriet Thorpe ] is horrible , I loved shouting and booing at her , she 's a big FAIL that 's what I think and I 'm not afraid to tell her .
`` Everyone hissed and booed and she just did n't seem to care , she just kept smiling and laughing .
`` I shouted at her when she came on stage after killing Snow White and she shouted back at me . I hate her , she 's evil .
`` I thought the panto was funnier this year .
`` My absolute favourite is Muddles [ played by Bath 's own Jon Monie ] , every time he came on stage it made me want to laugh , all the kids love him and his mum Dame Dolly [ played by Nick Wilton ] really cracked me up with those awful outfits she comes out in .
`` I liked the farting sounds she makes , and I liked when the band makes funny sounds .
`` I loved the bit when they bring out a bench and the ghost comes out , everyone shouts 'he 's behind you ' , that was funny .
`` I thought the prince 's trousers were too tight and he had funny eyebrows but I liked his singing .
`` Snow White is okay but she 's a bit boring , I prefer the funny bits , shei 's always going on about love and soppy things and looking into the prince 's eyes , it 's so gross .
`` I think they should throw more sweets during the show , that would be good as it 's not fair that some people get sweets and others do n't .
`` I go to the panto every year and I love it , we 're allowed to stay up late and there are loads of kids in the audience .
`` I love it and I hope I can go again next year , it 's a great night out at Christmas , '' he said .
Kristian 's sister Isabella ( 6 ) said :
`` I loved it , I love shouting up at the stage , it 's great fun .
`` The dancers were good and the singing was nice . the dresses were really fancy , it was really loud as well .
`` I think the wicked queen is too scary , I was really spooked especially when she came with the apple , I could n't look .
`` We were really close to the stage and I had to hide my head , it was scary . ''
`` I kept shouting at Snow White to not eat that apple but she just would n't listen , everyone was shouting at her and she still would n't listen , it 's really annoying .
`` I kept telling her it was the wicked queen but she just would n't listen .
`` I loved the funny bits , especially Muddles and Dame Dolly , that had me laughing so much .
`` And I loved the dwarfs , especially Grouchy [ Mark Sealey ] .
`` They are so good , and they are real , their little house is so cute .
`` I liked the prince , he had a nice voice and Snow White is beautiful .
`` The clothes are really nice , especially [ spoiler alert ! ] at the wedding at the end . ''
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs runs at the Theatre Royal until Sunday , January 7 with two performances most days .
Ticket prices vary depending on the day , but advance standby tickets can be bought at £9 from the box office on 01225 448844 or at theatreroyal.org.uk .
Otherwise tickets are priced between around £18-£35 , with discounts for children , pensioners and disabled people , and there is special discount for schools and larger groups .
LONDON , April 23 There were mixed emotions for those Arsenal supporters who want a change of manager after 21 years when Arsene Wenger led the London club to his eighth FA Cup final on Sunday .
Bookmakers immediately shortened the odds on the Frenchman signing a new contract , which had been even money before the 2-1 semi-final victory over Manchester City after extra time .
The win offered Wenger a chance to become the most successful FA Cup manager by lifting the trophy for a record seventh time in the final against Chelsea on May 27 .
Winning the competition in 2014 and 2015 after a long drought and sneaking into second place in the Premier League last season to earn Champions League qualification for the 19th year in succession enabled Wenger to claim he was still the best man for a job he has held since 1996 .
Arsenal have not won the Premier League since 2004 , however , and pressure for change has intensified recently with a series of defeats , including the humiliating 10-2 aggregate loss to Bayern Munich that brought the habitual exit from Europe at the first knockout stage .
Having never finished lower than fourth under Wenger , Arsenal have dropped to seventh place , seven points below fourth-placed City , and they look destined to miss out on Europe 's premier competition .
There has been criticism of the manager 's recruitment and his motivational ability , which is why he made a point of praising the team 's mentality after Sunday 's victory .
`` We gave a good answer to people who questioned that ( spirit ) , '' he said .
`` The players have shown great togetherness . ''
He could also point to the tactical switch to a three-man defence for the first time in some 20 years that has helped produce two successive wins .
City were restricted to three shots on target , while Arsenal 's equaliser came from a cross by one wing back -- man of the match Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain -- to the other , Nacho Monreal .
As expected , Wenger was not prepared to confirm the increasing speculation that he will now sign a new two-year contract .
His final words in one television interview may , however , have been significant : `` People can not question my loyalty and commitment to the club . '' ( Reporting by Steve Tongue ; Editing by Ken Ferris )
SHANGHAI China 's crackdown on vehicle pollution will turn the world 's largest auto market into a hub for cutting edge electric car technologies previously exported from Europe and the United States , industry executives at the Shanghai motor show said .
Foreign automakers have long been building cars in China to meet surging demand in the world 's most populous nation .
But a raft of proposals to promote cleaner driving is now encouraging them to do more research in China , potentially turning the country into a world leader in a technology predicted to be a major force in the future of the industry .
`` We are convinced China will become the leading market for electromobility , '' Volkswagen ( VW ) ( VOWG_p.DE ) brand chief Herbert Diess told Reuters on the sidelines of the motor show .
For years , carmakers have struggled to gain economies of scale to bring down the cost of electric cars , which have failed to gain traction with consumers in part because of their price .
But by floating proposals to require automakers to boost sales of so-called `` new energy vehicles , '' or risk being penalised , Beijing has given a powerful incentive for them to focus the development of such vehicles in China .
That could be a big fillip for the local economy - and a blow to other major car manufacturing nations such as the United States , Germany and Japan . Analysts at UBS say the shift from combustion towards electric cars is a 100 billion euros ( 83.61 billion pounds ) revenue opportunity for suppliers .
`` There is a clear ( Chinese ) government policy in favour of electromobility - high subsidies and an industrial framework in the form of joint venture companies which are being encouraged to invest in this technology , '' Diess said , adding Beijing appeared to be trying to replicate the success of hybrid car technology in Japan and diesel vehicles in Germany .
According to management consulting firm McKinsey , 43 percent of the 870,000 electric cars produced in 2016 came from China . Germany and the United States accounted for 23 percent and 17 percent respectively .
In order to defend its market position in China , VW will invest in locally developed electric car technology , Diess said .
`` This is a challenge but also an opportunity because we will quickly gain large volumes and gain sufficient scale to make electromobility cost effective enough so that it will also be a success in Germany and the United States , '' he told Reuters .
In the wake of its diesel emissions scandal , VW is focusing much more on electric vehicles and software-based technologies - strategies also being pursued by its Chinese joint venture partners , which include SAIC and First Automotive Works ( FAW ) .
`` Here in China the transformation is almost quicker . Our joint venture partners , in particular SAIC , are even more committed to transformation . They are already thinking about next steps which go beyond things like software and semiconductors , '' Diess said , without elaborating .
TAKING THE LEAD
GKN , a global engineering group based in England that supplies components for the BMW i8 and Volvo 's XC90 , said on Wednesday China would become its global production hub for electrified drivelines starting in 2018 and production would be ramped up to an annual 1 million `` eDrive '' units by 2025 .
Through a Chinese joint venture company , SDS , GKN will start making an electric transmission for a domestic Chinese automaker in 2018 and then deliver an electric motor , inverter , axle and gearbox for a European firm 's small car platform a year later .
GKN declined to name the European client , but said the manufacturer would sell Chinese-made electric motors worldwide , and further supply agreements with domestic and international car manufacturers had been signed .
GKN Driveline Chief Executive Officer Phil Swash said four global carmakers had agreed to buy GKN 's electric motors , and that these motors would be rolled out in China first .
`` Whereas in the past we imported technology from outside China , for eDrive , China is now taking the lead . The first launch deployment of the newest technology will be here . That is the first time that has happened in our 30 year history , '' Swash told Reuters in an interview .
Daimler DIAGn.DE , which has trailed German peers BMW ( BMWG.DE ) and VW-owned Audi in terms of expanding its Chinese manufacturing capacity , is also preparing to make Mercedes-Benz electric cars in Beijing .
`` We are going to localise electric cars for Mercedes-Benz , '' Daimler 's board member responsible for China , Hubertus Troska , said .
`` We 're not concerned about technology transfer '' to Chinese partners , he added , referring to fears that Chinese firms might eventually use technology gleaned from foreign partners against them .
Mercedes has more than tripled the size of its Chinese research and development operations during the past two to three years , to 700 people .
The Chinese team is capable of developing entire vehicles , rather than merely customising designs originated in Europe , Daimler Chief Executive Dieter Zetsche said , adding that how R & D would be divided between China and other Mercedes-Benz research centres remained to be seen .
`` We will decide how to divide up the tasks on a case-by-case basis , but of course this will include capacities to develop electric cars here in China , '' Zetsche said .
( Reporting by Edward Taylor and Joe White ; Additional reporting by Jake Spring ; Editing by Mark Potter )
BEAUMONT , Texas — Zjori Bosha scored 18 points with 10 rebounds and two steals and Lamar clobbered Stephen F. Austin 76-54 on Saturday to break a 10-game losing streak to the Lumberjacks , dating back to 2012 .
Bosha drained a 3-pointer to put Lamar ahead 11-9 about five minutes in . The Cardinals ( 14-10 , 6-5 Southland Conference ) never trailed again and soon pushed the lead to double digits . Josh Nkeazor added 16 points , three steals and 11 boards . James Harrison and Nick Garth tossed in 13 and 11 points , respectively .
Stephen F. Austin got within nine points twice early in the second half . After the second time , Lamar took off on a 27-13 run and pushed the lead to 23 points . Bosha scored 10 in that span and Stephen F. Austin suffered six turnovers .
TJ Holyfield and Shannon Bogues each scored 12 points but the Lumberjacks ( 18-5 , 7-3 ) were held to 37 per cent shooting ( 18 of 49 ) and were outrebounded 43-25 . Lamar had more rebounds off the defensive boards ( 27 ) than Stephen F. Austin had total .
SYDNEY , Australia — Sydney FC extended its unbeaten streak at home to 26 games when it beat last-placed Wellington 4-0 in the 19th round of the A-League .
In front of new Australia coach Bert van Marwijk , Sydney overwhelmed a disorganized Wellington with goals to Alex Brosque , Adrian Mierzejewski , Milos Ninkovic and David Carney .
Van Marwijk was also a spectator as second-placed Newcastle beat the Melbourne Victory 2-0 to stay nine points behind Sydney and seven points ahead of Melbourne City , which plays Brisbane on Sunday .
Newcastle moved closer to securing its first finals berth since 2010 .
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall , dollar pares losses after Fed decision
NEW YORK , June 14 U.S. stocks mostly fell while the dollar cut its losses on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve delivered a widely expected U.S. interest rate hike .
NEW YORK Asset manager Apollo Global Management LLC ( APO.N ) reported better-than-expected first-quarter earnings on Friday as a rising stock market supported strong gains in private equity investments .
The S & P 500 .SPX had rallied to a record high in March and a buoyant share market has lifted performance for many buyout firms . Apollo 's peers Blackstone Group LP ( BX.N ) and KKR & Co LP both posted quarterly earnings that beat market expectations by a substantial margin .
New York-based Apollo said it earned an economic net income , a key earnings metric for U.S. private equity firms that accounts for unrealized investment gains or losses , of $ 331.6 million after taxes , higher than the $ 218.6 million earned a year earlier .
That translates to an economic net income of 82 cents per share . Analysts had expected Apollo to post earnings of 64 cents , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
The buyout firm said its private equity investments rose 8 percent in value in the first three months of the year , exceeding a 5.5 percent gain in the S & P 500 index .
Strong returns increased carried interest - a cut of returns collected by Apollo from its investors - to $ 319.1 million from a loss of $ 146.3 million a year earlier , when tumbling oil prices hurt performances of most buyout firms .
Credit investments , which account for 71 percent of assets managed by Apollo , had a more lackluster showing . Gross and net returns for the segment stood at 1.9 percent and 1.6 percent , respectively .
Distributable earnings after taxes , which show cash available to pay dividends , more than doubled to $ 239.6 million from a year earlier , but was down slightly from $ 226 million paid out in the fourth quarter .
Founded in 1990 by Leon Black and former Drexel Burnham colleagues Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan , Apollo was listed in March 2011 . It said it managed $ 197.5 billion as of the end of March .
( Reporting by Koh Gui Qing ; Editing by Bernard Orr )
No . 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action , playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand .
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later .
___
10:45 a.m .
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round .
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as he continues his quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club . Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as she goes for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant .
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year 's men 's runner-up , Marin Cilic , are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament . Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round , while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday .
The forecast calls for more sunny skies , although there is a 30 per cent chance of rain showers in the afternoon .
___
More AP tennis coverage : https : //www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
A much-criticized video game that would let players shoot up a school has been pulled from a digital storefront just days before its release .
The PC game , “ Active Shooter , ” was set to be released June 6 on Steam , an online gaming store and platform owned by Valve Corp. , a video game developer .
News of the game 's release had sparked widespread outrage , including among students and parents at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland , Florida , where 17 people died in a shooting in February .
Marketing materials for the game , developed by Revived Games and published by a Russian company called Acid , promised to let players choose between portraying a SWAT team member responding to a shooting or portraying an actual shooter whose objective was to “ hunt and destroy . ”
Valve sent a statement to CNN on Wednesday saying they removed Revived Games and Acid from its Steam platform due to past misbehavior .
In the statement , Valve spokesman Doug Lombardi said the game 's developer and publisher is a man who had been banned from Steam last fall when he was operating under a different name . Lombardi described the developer as “ a troll , with a history of customer abuse , publishing copyrighted material , and user review manipulation . ”
Valve discovered the man was the developer behind “ Active Shooter ” when they began investigating amid controversy surrounding the upcoming game , Lombardi said .
“ We are not going to do business with people who act like this towards our customers or Valve , ” he added .
Valve will be holding broader conversations soon about Steam 's content policies , Lombardi said .
Revived Games and Acid did not respond Wednesday to requests for comment .
News of the game 's upcoming release had drawn fierce criticism in recent days from classmates and parents of students slain in Parkland , who demanded Valve remove the game from its platforms .
“ THIS IS DISGUSTING… Everyone that cares about school & public safety should be OUTRAGED . Sign this petition to DEMAND the game is n't launched , ” Jaclyn Corin , a survivor of the Parkland shooting , tweeted Tuesday .
That online petition , created Friday by a Seattle-area mom , now has over 200,000 signatures .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) `` Democratic lawmakers are suing President Donald Trump over foreign money flowing into his global business empire .
Almost 200 senators and representatives are plaintiffs in a lawsuit alleging Trump is violating the so-called emoluments clause of the Constitution . It 's being filed early Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia , the lawmakers said .
The plaintiffs argue they have standing to sue because the clause says only Congress may approve foreign gifts and payments .
`` The framers gave Congress a unique role , a unique right and responsibility , '' said Sen. Richard Blumenthal , a Connecticut Democrat who helped organize the lawsuit .
Advertisement
Although Trump turned over control of his real estate development , management and marketing company to his adult sons and a senior executive , he did not divest from it . That means he stands to benefit financially from the Trump Organization 's profits , including from foreign governments .
Since he 's become president , the Trump Organization has secured dozens of potentially valuable patents , including in China , and collected fees from lobbyists working for Saudi Arabia and other countries using his properties .
The new suit `` the third of its kind `` says the full scope of foreign payments to the Trump Organization can not be known because the president has not made public his tax returns .
Earlier this week , two Democratic attorneys general filed a similar claim . Days after Trump 's inauguration in January , a liberal-funded government watchdog filed an emoluments lawsuit . A restaurant group and two individuals in the hotel industry later joined as co-plaintiffs .
Trump and the Justice Department have called these lawsuits baseless . They argue the clause is n't intended to prevent normal business such as hotel payments and real estate transactions .
Rep. John Conyers , a Michigan Democrat , said he and Blumenthal have amassed the `` greatest number of congressional plaintiffs on any lawsuit against a president . '' He said they 're taking the action `` not out of any sense of pleasure or partisanship but because President Trump has left us with no other option . ''
Ahead of the filing , only Democrats were asked to sign on , but Blumenthal and Conyers plan to send letters to their Republican colleagues Wednesday asking them to join the effort .
May 2 Cme Group Inc
* CME Group reached average daily volume of 16.3 million contracts in April 2017 , up 18 percent from April 2016 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
SAN DIEGO ( KUSI ) — The San Diego Humane Society Wednesday announced a public naming contest for the 10,000th feline to be brought into its 24-hour kitten nursery , touted as the first of its kind in the country .
The domestic short-hair kitten is now in foster care until he 's old enough to be adopted .
`` Neonate kittens are the most vulnerable animal in shelters and I 'm extremely proud that San Diego took the lead to establish a 24/7 nursery in 2009 to reduce the needless euthanasia of underage orphan kittens , '' said Gary Weitzman , president and CEO of San Diego Humane Society .
`` Most shelters simply do n't have the resources to care for fragile kittens around-the-clock , '' Weitzman said . `` We 're very grateful to our staff , volunteers and donors who enable our important lifesaving work . ''
Young , orphaned kittens need to be bottle fed every 3-4 hours and receive the same attention they would normally receive from their mothers . This comprehensive care is vital to both their physiological and behavioral development during a critical time of their lives , according to the Humane Society .
Once kittens reach about 4-5 weeks of age , they are typically moved to foster homes for socialization until they are old enough for adoption .
The kitten designated as the 10,000th was found in a box by the side of a road with seven littermates when they were just weeks old . The public can suggest names for him through Thursday at 5 p.m. online at sdhumane.org/10000kittens .
MIAMI — Derek Jeter says when his ownership group took over the Miami Marlins in October , he thought Giancarlo Stanton would be with the team in 2018 .
The Marlins traded Stanton because the National League MVP did n't want to be part of the franchise 's rebuilding , Jeter said Monday .
Jeter said the deal with his former team , the New York Yankees , was the best one available to the Marlins , giving them much-needed financial flexibility and upgrading a weak farm system .
The Marlins ' new CEO made his comments shortly before Stanton held a news conference at baseball 's winter meetings in Lake Buena Vista , Florida , to discuss a trade being celebrated in New York but panned by beleaguered Marlins fans .
Jeter wants to reduce his revenue-starved franchise 's payroll by at least 20 per cent to $ 90 million or less , and Stanton will make $ 25 million next year . But trading him was n't a given , Jeter said .
`` I told him , 'When we acquired this team , our thoughts were that you were going to be with us , ' '' Jeter said . `` I relayed to him we wanted him to be a part of the organization , but it 's his choice . He said he wanted to move on . There were three great options for him , and he chose which one he wanted to go to . ''
Stanton had a no-trade clause in his record contract , for which he 's owed $ 295 million over the next 10 seasons . Last week he turned down prospective trades to St. Louis and San Francisco before accepting the Yankees ' deal .
Jeter has drawn criticism for the trade and other moves early in his tenure as an owner but said he would have done nothing different regarding Stanton . The Marlins acquired two prospects and second baseman Starlin Castro .
`` Contrary to popular belief , we were not stuck with this deal , '' Jeter said . `` This was the best deal out of the three for our organization . ... We think we got some good prospects in return . ''
Further payroll paring is likely at the winter meetings , which Jeter is not attending . Castro and outfielders Marcell Ozuna and Christian Yelich are believed to be on the trading block .
BRIEF-1347 Property Insurance Holdings through unit agrees upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program
* 1347 Property Insurance Holdings- co through unit agreed upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program for 2017 - 2018 treaty year
May 2 Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp :
* Ares commercial real estate corporation reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.23
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.25 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Ride-hailing company suspends all road-testing of such vehicles in U.S. and Canada
Police say a woman walking outside a crosswalk on Sunday night in the Phoenix area when she was hit by the self-driving car . ( @ zombieite/Flickr )
A self-driving Uber vehicle struck and killed a pedestrian in a suburb in Phoenix , Ariz. , in the first fatality involving a fully autonomous test vehicle , prompting the ride-hailing company Monday to suspend all road-testing of such autos in the U.S. and Canada .
Depending on who is found to be at fault , the accident could have far-reaching consequences for the development of self-driving vehicles , which have been billed as potentially safer than human drivers .
READ MORE : Self-driving Ubers could still be many years away , says research head
The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside a crosswalk in Tempe on Sunday night was hit , police said . The woman , identified as Elaine Herzberg , 49 , died at a hospital .
Uber suspended all of its self-driving vehicle testing in the Phoenix area , Pittsburgh , San Francisco and Toronto .
The testing has been going on for months as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology .
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation .
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles , leaving much of the regulation up to states .
But Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao also has said technology and automobile companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles , citing a poll showing that 78 percent of people fear riding in autonomous vehicles
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles gradually has increased each year , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . In 2017 alone , 33 states introduced legislation .
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the testing phase . As of early March , the agency received 59 such reports .
If champion trainers Murray Baker and Andrew Forsman have n't landed a black-type win in the first two group races at Hastings today , it could all change in the group three Red Badge Sprint .
Baker and Forsman have a strong contingent of 10 runners at the Hawke 's Bay meeting and will be represented in each of the three major events .
I Got You will start in the group two Sacred Falls Hawke 's Bay Guineas ( 1400m ) , while Saint Emilion and Mime will be their hopes in the group one Livamol Classic ( 2040m ) . Their attention will then then switch to stablemates Eleonora and Francaletta in the group three Red Badge Spring Sprint ( 1400m ) and it 's the latter who could be their best prospect of a black-type win on the card .
Francaletta slips in on the 53kg minimum , has drawn ideally at barrier two and is unbeaten in three starts on the Hastings track .
Advertisement
She beat the smart Dolcetto at Hastings in her second and third starts last spring in special conditions events then returned to the course last month when scoring an impressive fresh-up win over Miss Wilson and Ferrando over 1200m .
With a record of five wins in her first six starts , Francaletta was expected to win again second-up when hot favourite in the group three Metric Mile at Awapuni ( 1550m ) , but the High Chaparral mare had to settle for fifth to Dolcetto on a heavy 10 surface .
`` She got through the track well enough , but it was more the step up to a mile . It was just too tough for her second-up , '' Forsman said . `` She just knocked up the last bit . ''
But Forsman is adamant it will be a different outcome today .
`` She looks well . She has never been better this time in , '' Forsman said . `` The only concern is a firm track . She 's a big , strong mare with not the best joints , but they can usually get away with one on top of the ground . She 's got a lovely draw and there looks a bit of speed in it so she should get a good run . ''
Michael Coleman will continue his association with Francaletta , while Matt Cameron will ride stablemate Eleonora .
`` She was all set to go to Sydney for the autumn but pulled a muscle and has had a slow build-up , '' Forsman said . `` She 's been plagued by the wet tracks and that 's affected her preparation . ''
- NZ Racing Desk
Australian PM mocks Trump over `` Russian guy '' at media party
MELBOURNE , June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to his ties with Russia , according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event .
U.S. President Donald Trump attends a meeting at the White House in Washington , U.S. , March 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
NEW YORK A coalition of U.S. states has mounted a broad legal challenge against what it called the Trump administration 's illegal suspension of rules to improve the energy efficiency of ceiling fans , portable air conditioners and other products .
The challenge , also joined by environmental groups , came after the U.S. Department of Energy last month delayed standards proposed under the Obama administration to reduce air pollution and operating costs associated with the products .
Ten Democratic attorneys general , plus New York City and a Pennsylvania regulator , on Monday notified Energy Secretary Rick Perry of their plan to sue in 60 days for stalling proposed standards for air compressors , commercial boilers , portable air conditioners , power supplies , and walk-in coolers and freezers .
The same group , excluding Maryland , on Friday petitioned the federal appeals court in New York to force the administration to implement ceiling fan efficiency standards that were to have taken effect two weeks ago , but have been delayed to Sept. 30 .
Implementation was delayed after White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus on Jan. 20 directed federal agencies to put new regulations on hold until their new leaders could review them . The Obama administration issued a similar directive in 2009 .
The Energy Department said it does not comment on pending litigation .
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said adopting the `` common-sense '' efficiency standards would dramatically reduce air pollution , including from carbon dioxide , mercury and methane .
He said enough electricity would be saved to serve 36 million households annually , and save consumers and businesses close to $ 24 billion .
`` Leaving the final rules in regulatory 'limbo ' has very real , negative economic and environmental consequences , essentially frustrating Congress ' energy conservation goals , '' the states said in their letter to Perry .
The letter was signed by officials of California , Connecticut , Illinois , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , New York , Oregon , Vermont , Washington , New York City and the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection .
The Consumer Federation of America , the Natural Resources Defense Council and the Sierra Club on Monday sent Perry a similar letter threatening litigation .
Both letters accused the Energy Department of ignoring its obligation under federal law to publish final efficiency rules in the Federal Register .
In notices published last month , the Energy Department said Perry had only begun his job on March 3 and needed more time to conduct `` further review and consideration of new regulations . ''
The petition is New York et al v U.S. Department of Energy et al , 2nd U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals , No . 17-918 .
( Additional reporting by Timothy Gardner in Washington , D.C. ; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Leslie Adler )
NEW YORK , April 12 A holder of sales tax-backed Puerto Rican debt , known as COFINA debt , sued Bank of New York Mellon Corp on Wednesday , alleging the bank breached its duty as trustee for COFINA debt to protect senior bondholders .
Whitebox Advisers sued the bank in a New York state court , saying it should have either accelerated or frozen payouts on COFINA debt after technical defaults by the Puerto Rican government , which is facing an economic crisis marked by $ 70 billion in debt and a 45 percent poverty rate .
Whitebox alleges that several events since 2015 constitute technical defaults , including plans by the government to restructure its debt and potentially cut recoveries to senior COFINA holders .
The island 's current fiscal turnaround plan , approved by its federal financial oversight board in March , is one such event , Whitebox alleges , because it forecasts major cuts to all creditors , including COFINA .
The complaint alleges the Bank of New York should have sought assurances that the government was committed to protecting COFINA debt and , in an event of default , should have frozen disbursements .
Instead , it did not seek such assurances , and continued making disbursements to more junior COFINA holders , potentially risking payment cuts for more senior ones , the complaint alleges .
Whitebox is seeking monetary damages from the bank of New York . A representative of the bank could not immediately be reached on Wednesday .
The lawsuit is the latest indication of growing concern among creditors about potential cuts to recoveries .
Senior COFINA holders already are facing efforts to slash their recoveries on two fronts - from the island 's oversight board , which is pushing cuts for all creditors , and from Puerto Rico 's general obligation ( GO ) bondholders , who have alleged in a separate lawsuit that sales tax revenue should be redirected to pay GO debt instead .
Wednesday 's lawsuit essentially pits certain senior COFINA holders against junior ones , accusing the Bank of New York of failing to enforce priority rules for different classes of COFINA holders . ( Reporting by Nick Brown ; Editing by Bill Trott )
A North Dakota woman pleaded guilty Monday in the killing of a pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby , though officials remained tight-lipped about how the victim died .
Brooke Crews , 38 , could face life in prison after pleading guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind , of Fargo . Her boyfriend , William Hoehn , 32 , has pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers . He is scheduled for trial in March .
Crews ' attorney , Steven Mottinger , said afterward that the guilty pleas will help his client argue for less than the maximum sentence of life in prison without parole .
`` Ms. Crews early on indicated that she wanted to take responsibility for her actions , '' Mottinger said . `` From where I stand , she took responsibility today by entering a guilty plea to the three charges . ''
Advertisement
Greywind was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in August . Kayakers found her body wrapped in plastic in a river . The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with her 32-year-old boyfriend , William Hoehn . Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March .
Brooke Crews could face life prison after pleading guilty . Photo / AP
Crews did n't offer details on how Greywind was killed . Authorities have n't said either , but Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd has said her death was a `` cruel and vicious act of depravity . ''
Cass County State 's Attorney Birch Burdick said further details are n't likely to be released until after Hoehn 's case is finished .
`` As you 're well aware , this is one important step in two cases that are intertwined , '' Burdick said outside the courtroom . `` At least our office will be rather circumspect until we 've got both cases resolved . Then we can elaborate more fully . ''
Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up her newborn daughter , but she later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child , according to court documents .
Crews told police she arranged to have Greywind come to her apartment and told her how to induce labor . Greywind came back two days later to give her the newborn baby , Crews said .
But Hoehn told police a different story , according to the documents . He said he came home on August 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom . Hoehn said Crews presented him with an infant girl and said : `` This is our baby . This is our family . ''
William Hoehn has pleaded not guilty and says he came home to find his girlfriend cleaning blood from the bathroom and presented him with a baby she said was theirs . Photo / AP
Hoehn told police he took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and his bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex , according to the court documents . Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March .
The baby is now in the custody of her father , Ashton Matheny , who was Greywind 's boyfriend .
East Central District Judge Frank Racek on Monday asked Crews about letters she sent to the court complaining about a delay in receiving evidence . Crews told the judge that the issue was resolved .
`` Cases like this we start with initial police reports , lab reports , '' Mottinger said . `` Things come in over a period of time . It 's a step-by-step by process . ''
Autopsies on 2 kids left in car show death from exposure
Photo : Uncredited , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - This undated file photo provided by the Pinal County Sheriff 's office shows Brittany Velasquez . Autopsies on two small children left strapped in car seats for hours in a closed vehicle have determined the infant girl and her toddler brother died from exposure , and they suffered no trauma and had no drugs in their bodies . The reports released Monday , July 2 , 2018 , by the Pinal County Medical Examiner 's Office say the March 26 deaths of Michael Lorenzo Velasquez , 2 , and Brooklyn Velasquez , 9 months , in the isolated Arizona community of Superior were `` consistent with exposure to the elements . '' The children 's 20-year-old mother , Brittany Velasquez , was arrested in the deaths . ( Pinal County Sheriff 's Office via AP , File ) less FILE - This undated file photo provided by the Pinal County Sheriff 's office shows Brittany Velasquez . Autopsies on two small children left strapped in car seats for hours in a closed vehicle have determined ... more Photo : Uncredited , AP Autopsies on 2 kids left in car show death from exposure 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
PHOENIX ( AP ) — Autopsies on two small Arizona children left strapped in car seats for hours in a closed vehicle have determined the infant girl and her toddler brother died from exposure , and they suffered no trauma and had no drugs in their bodies .
The reports by the Pinal County Medical Examiner 's Office say the March 26 deaths of 2-year-old Lorenzo Velasquez and 9-month-old Brooklyn Velasquez in the isolated Arizona community of Superior were `` consistent with exposure to the elements . ''
The reports signed by Medical Examiner Dr. John Hu were released late Monday in response to a records request by The Associated Press .
The children 's 20-year-old mother , Brittany Velasquez , was arrested and charged in the deaths shortly after the bodies were discovered in the vehicle .
Authorities with the Pinal County Sheriff 's Office have said Velasquez was the last person to see her children alive when she left them in a car outside a family home at about 9:30 a.m. on March 26 and went to work . The children were dead when Velasquez returned to the car nearly 14 hours later . They were still in the car seats and wearing the same clothes they had on in the morning .
The autopsies say sheriff 's officials reported Velasquez left the baby in a parked car `` for a prolonged period of time '' at least two times in the past .
Velasquez in April pleaded not guilty to two counts of second-degree murder and child abuse charges in the deaths of her children in Superior , a hardscrabble mining town of about 2,900 people some 60 miles ( 97 kilometers ) east of Phoenix . The vehicle was parked outside the home of relatives .
The National Weather Service says the temperature in Phoenix 's Valley of the Sun region reached 75 degrees ( 23.8 Celsius ) on March 26 . The autopsy report consulted with the private service Weather Underground , which gave a slightly lower high temperature reading for 71 degrees in the area that day .
`` It is NEVER safe to leave a toddler , disabled person or pet locked in a car , '' National Weather Service says on its web page .
The advocacy group KidsAndCars.org says temperatures inside vehicles can shoot up much higher very quickly and estimates an average of 37 children die in hot cars each year in the United States .
Velasquez initially had said someone else was supposed to be watching the children that day , but sheriff 's officials said there was no evidence of that .
A pre-trial conference in the case has been set for Aug. 10 in Pinal County Superior Court .
Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( R-Tenn. ) said Sen. Kamala Harris ' ( D-Calif. ) apparent claims of sexism in Congressional hearings are unfounded .
Harris linked a fundraising website to the tweet that appeared to allege sexism .
The women of the United States Senate will not be silenced when seeking the truth . Fight back : https : //t.co/5KpQ4wBykN — Kamala Harris ( @ KamalaHarris ) June 13 , 2017
But , Blackburn said that Harris ' contentious back-and-forth with recent Senate witnesses may have included moments of disrespect
Harris was criticized for several incidents in recent days , in which she and Senate witnesses butted heads .
Blackburn said Harris may also have been upset that witnesses gave lengthy answers to her questions , for which she has limited time to ask .
' I 'm Asking the Questions ' : Sparks Fly as Dem Sen. Scolds Gen. Kelly at Hearing
Dem Rep . Shot in 2011 : I know Republicans Have the Courage to Recover
'Thin Blue Line Held Today ' : GOP Rep Recounts Police , Reps ' Heroism After Scalise Shooting
Last week , she cut off Gen. John Kelly to remind him that `` I 'm asking the questions , '' while the homeland security secretary gave testimony on sanctuary cities .
At the time , fellow Senator John McCain ( R-Ariz. ) interrupted the two to say that Kelly should be allowed to answer the questions .
North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr ( R ) reprimanded Harris in a separate hearing for her exchange with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein .
`` If every time I have felt ... diminished in some way , I never would have finished a conversation ... or got a bill passed , '' Blackburn said .
Blackburn gave Harris the benefit of the doubt on the issue , that she was not openly claiming sexism in order to fundraise .
Pelosi Echoes Ryan 's Call for Unity : I Pray For Trump and His Family
'This Is n't a Gun Issue ' : Loesch Rips McAuliffe For Gun Control Rhetoric After Shooting
Krauthammer Reacts to Mueller Now Probing Possible Trump 'Obstruction '
COMMUNITY
ROSEDALE BAPTIST CHURCH : Garage sale , July 7 , 9 a.m. – noon . 11 Rosedale Place , Welland
CHERRY FESTIVAL : July 7 , 9 a.m. – 3 p.m , St. Mark 's Anglican Church , 41 Byron St. , Niagara-on-the-Lake . stmarks1792.com
ITALIAN FESTIVAL : July 8 , Food , live music , games and vendors . All welcome . Club Italia , Montrose Road , Niagara Falls .
WELLAND PUBLIC LIBRARY : Teen Zumba , July 10 , 3:45 pm @ Main Branch . Family Zumba , July 10 , 2:30 pm @ Main Branch www.wellandlibrary.ca 905-734-6210 ext . 2521
MUSIC
KNOX PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH : Ken Cowan and Lisa Shihoten , duo organ and violin virtuosos . 53 Church St. , St. Catharines . July 6 , 7:30 p.m. Tickets $ 20 , students $ 10 . 905-641-8868 .
TWO SOPRANOS , ONE VOICE : Sopranos Kira Braun and Melissa-Marie Shriner and pianist Brahm Goldhamer present Classical Duets of Art Song , Oratorio , & Opera Favourites , July 11 , 7 pm . St Thomas Anglican Church , 99 Ontario St , St. Catharines , Advance Tickets $ 17 : Ryson 's Music , 5 Court St , orwww.twosopranos.eventbrite.ca , $ 20 at the door , 905-941-6916
MORE COMMUNITY
WELLAND 'S WALL OF ART : Featuring artist Rey Beacher until July 6 . Northwest entrance to Civic Square . 905-735-4463 , jsi @ cogeco , ca
April 13 Retrophin Inc-
* Retrophin Inc - on april 10 , board approved increase to size of board from 8 to 9 directors , appointed ron squarer to serve as a director- sec filing
* Retrophin Inc - size of board to be reduced to 8 at co 's 2017 annual meeting of stockholders , when cornelius golding 's term as a director will expire Source text : ( bit.ly/2pbYBee ) Further company coverage :
British bookmaker Ladbrokes Coral Group defended betting terminals on Tuesday as speculation of a government crackdown on the profitable gambling machines sent its shares lower despite a 22 percent jump in annual operating profit .
The company , created when Ladbrokes joined forces with Coral in a $ 3.4 billion ( 2.70 billion pounds ) merger last year , said operating profit rose to 264 million pounds ( $ 333 million ) , helped by growth in its digital and European retail businesses .
Shares in the company were down 1.7 percent at 133p by 1015 GMT , with attention shifting to a government review of fixed-odds betting terminals due by the end of May .
One possible outcome of the review would be a reduction in maximum stake , which is currently 100 pounds every 20 seconds .
Any reduction would hurt companies such as Ladbrokes and rival William Hill which retain large chains of betting shops on British high streets .
`` The review was a call for evidence and we have provided evidence which suggests that the stakes are not the principal cause for problems in gambling , '' Ladbrokes Chief Executive Jim Mullen told Reuters .
`` If that is the case , we are hoping that there would be a positive outcome for us , '' Mullen added .
Fitch Ratings , in a note last week , said it believes that tougher betting restrictions on in-store gaming machines would help online channels emerge as a bigger growth driver .
The issue is likely to weigh on betting companies until there is clarity .
`` Reforms that undermine profitability , such as significantly reducing the amounts that can be staked at any one time , would have serious consequences for the group , '' said Laith Khalaf , senior analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown .
The company upgraded its forecasts for cost benefits from the merger to 100 million pounds from 65 million and said it was still assessing revenue opportunities from the combination .
The merger of Ladbrokes and Coral was one of a number in the sector , with Paddy Power and Betfair also having joined forces .
On current trading , Ladbrokes said total group net revenue was 2 percent ahead of last year for the period of Jan. 1 to March 19 .
( Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru ; Editing by Mark Potter/Keith Weir )
After Hours : Oasis Vol 2 : Mt Baker
For Vol . 2 , December 's endless winter storms ease . As the sun reappears for a moment , two visitors from afar return to reach total absolution amongst the plethora of opportunities Mt . Baker provides us all .
Featuring riding from John Murphy & Ralph Kucharek , but also Pat McCarthy , & Hana Beaman .
Vol . 1 : vimeo.com/199465764
Vol . 3 : vimeo.com/211012910
—
Offering an alternate take on a season spent at the notoriously-abundant Mt Baker Ski Area , Afterhours Creative & Mt Baker have partnered to release a 4-part short film series .
Each volume highlights a different perspective induced by embracing the surreal spirit of exploring the ski area & the surrounding backcountry .
—
Produced By :
Mt Baker Ski Area & Afterhours Creative
Directed By :
Ian Post
Cinematography & Editing :
Ian Post
Music :
La Petite Fille De La Mer – Vangelis
Magic Mountain – War
Fat Old Sun – Pink Floyd
Sound and Color – Alabama Shakes
Photography :
Annie Mac
afterhours.us
mtbaker.us
instagram.com/oasis.film
ianpost.com
Photo : Kai Z. Feng
The 24K Magic World Tour will continue on !
Bruno Mars confirmed today 's earlier tease by announcing the cities he 'll be stopping in with special guest Cardi B .
Related : Bruno Mars Teases Tour With Cardi B
The ‘ finale ' run for the 11-time GRAMMY winner will include visits to Boston , Brooklyn , Dallas , Denver , Detroit , Los Angeles , Nashville , Newark , Philadelphia , St. Paul , Toronto , and Tulsa . Dates and venues to be announced soon .
Tickets for the dates are set to go on-sale February 16th .
April 3 ( Gracenote ) - Results from the Family Circle Cup Women 's Singles Round 1 matches on Monday Jelena Jankovic ( Serbia ) beat Ekaterina Alexandrova ( Russia ) 6-0 6-4 Andrea Petkovic ( Germany ) beat Lara Arruabarrena Vecino ( Spain ) 7-5 6-2 Ons Jabeur ( Tunisia ) beat Marina Erakovic ( New Zealand ) 6-4 6-1 Jelena Ostapenko ( Latvia ) beat Ana Bogdan ( Romania ) 6-4 6-2 Kateryna Bondarenko ( Ukraine ) beat Evgeniya Rodina ( Russia ) 6-4 7-5 Alison Riske ( U.S. ) beat Kayla Day ( U.S. ) 7-5 4-6 6-0 Naomi Osaka ( Japan ) beat Johanna Larsson ( Sweden ) 6-7 ( 4 ) 6-4 6-2 Monica Puig ( Puerto Rico ) beat 16-Katerina Siniakova ( Czech Republic ) 4-6 6-2 4-1 ( Siniakova retired ) Laura Siegemund ( Germany ) beat Lesia Tsurenko ( Ukraine ) 6-7 ( 6 ) 6-2 7-6 ( 4 )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Trump pressed aides on Venezuela invasion , US official says
Photo : Ariana Cubillos , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this May 22 , 2018 , file photo , Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro holds up the National Electoral Council certificate declaring him the winner of the presidential election , during a ceremony at CNE headquarters in Caracas , Venezuela . As a meeting last August in the Oval Office to discuss sanctions on Venezuela was concluding , President Donald Trump turned to his top aides and asked an unsettling question : With a fast unraveling Venezuela threatening regional security , why ca n't the U.S. just simply invade the troubled country ? less FILE - In this May 22 , 2018 , file photo , Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro holds up the National Electoral Council certificate declaring him the winner of the presidential election , during a ceremony at CNE ... more Photo : Ariana Cubillos , AP Trump pressed aides on Venezuela invasion , US official says 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
BOGOTA , Colombia ( AP ) — As a meeting last August in the Oval Office to discuss sanctions on Venezuela was concluding , President Donald Trump turned to his top aides and asked an unsettling question : With a fast unraveling Venezuela threatening regional security , why ca n't the U.S. just simply invade the troubled country ?
The suggestion stunned those present at the meeting , including U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser H.R . McMaster , both of whom have since left the administration . This account of the previously undisclosed conversation comes from a senior administration official familiar with what was said .
In an exchange that lasted around five minutes , McMaster and others took turns explaining to Trump how military action could backfire and risk losing hard-won support among Latin American governments to punish President Nicolas Maduro for taking Venezuela down the path of dictatorship , according to the official . The official spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the discussions .
But Trump pushed back . Although he gave no indication he was about to order up military plans , he pointed to what he considered past cases of successful gunboat diplomacy in the region , according to the official , like the invasions of Panama and Grenada in the 1980s .
The idea , despite his aides ' best attempts to shoot it down , would nonetheless persist in the president 's head .
The next day , Aug. 11 , Trump alarmed friends and foes alike with talk of a `` military option '' to remove Maduro from power . The public remarks were initially dismissed in U.S. policy circles as the sort of martial bluster people have come to expect from the reality TV star turned commander in chief .
But shortly afterward , he raised the issue with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos , according to the U.S. official . Two high-ranking Colombian officials who spoke on condition of anonymity to avoid antagonizing Trump confirmed the report .
Then in September , on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly , Trump discussed it again , this time at greater length , in a private dinner with leaders from four Latin American allies that included Santos , the same three people said and Politico reported in February .
The U.S. official said Trump was specifically briefed not to raise the issue and told it would n't play well , but the first thing the president said at the dinner was , `` My staff told me not to say this . '' Trump then went around asking each leader if they were sure they did n't want a military solution , according to the official , who added that each leader told Trump in clear terms they were sure .
Eventually , McMaster would pull aside the president and walk him through the dangers of an invasion , the official said .
Taken together , the behind-the-scenes talks , the extent and details of which have not been previously reported , highlight how Venezuela 's political and economic crisis has received top attention under Trump in a way that was unimaginable in the Obama administration . But critics say it also underscores how his `` America First '' foreign policy at times can seem outright reckless , providing ammunition to America 's adversaries .
The White House declined to comment on the private conversations . But a National Security Council spokesman reiterated that the U.S. will consider all options at its disposal to help restore Venezuela 's democracy and bring stability . Under Trump 's leadership , the U.S. , Canada and European Union have levied sanctions on dozens of top Venezuelan officials , including Maduro himself , over allegations of corruption , drug trafficking and human rights abuses . The U.S. has also distributed more than $ 30 million to help Venezuela 's neighbors absorb an influx of more than 1 million migrants who have fled the country .
For Maduro , who has long claimed that the U.S. has military designs on Venezuela and its vast oil reserves , Trump 's bellicose talk provided the unpopular leader with an immediate if short-lived boost as he was trying to escape blame for widespread food shortages and hyperinflation . Within days of the president 's talk of a military option , Maduro filled the streets of Caracas with loyalists to condemn `` Emperor '' Trump 's belligerence , ordered up nationwide military exercises and threatened with arrest opponents he said were plotting his overthrow with the U.S .
`` Mind your own business and solve your own problems , Mr . Trump ! '' thundered Nicolas Maduro , the president 's son , at the government-stacked constituent assembly . `` If Venezuela were attacked , the rifles will arrive in New York , Mr. Trump , '' the younger Maduro said . `` We will take the White House . ''
Even some of the staunchest U.S. allies were begrudgingly forced to side with Maduro in condemning Trump 's saber rattling . Santos , a big backer of U.S. attempts to isolate Maduro , said an invasion would have zero support in the region . The Mercosur trade bloc , which includes Brazil and Argentina , issued a statement saying `` the only acceptable means of promoting democracy are dialogue and diplomacy '' and repudiating `` any option that implies the use of force . ''
But among Venezuela 's beleaguered opposition movement , hostility to the idea of a military intervention has slowly eased .
A few weeks after Trump 's public comments , Harvard economics professor Ricardo Hausmann , a former Venezuelan planning minister , wrote a syndicated column titled `` D Day Venezuela , '' in which he called for a `` coalition of the willing '' made up of regional powers and the U.S. to step in and support militarily a government appointed by the opposition-led national assembly .
Mark Feierstein , who oversaw Latin America on the National Security Council during the Obama administration , said that strident U.S. action on Venezuela , however commendable , wo n't loosen Maduro 's grip on power if it 's not accompanied by pressure from the streets . However , he thinks Venezuelans have largely been demoralized after a crackdown on protests last year triggered dozens of deaths , and the threat of more repression has forced dozens of opposition leaders into exile .
`` People inside and outside the administration know they can ignore plenty of what Trump says , '' Feierstein , who is now a senior adviser at the Albright Stonebridge Group , said of Trump 's talk of military invasion of Venezuela . `` The concern is that it raised expectations among Venezuelans , many of whom are waiting for an external actor to save them . ''
___
Associated Press writer Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report .
___
Follow Goodman on Twitter : https : //twitter.com/APjoshgoodman
FRANKFURT , March 28 The DAX top-30 index looked set to open 0.6 percent higher on Tuesday , according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0620 GMT . The following are some of the factors that may move German stocks :
ALLIANZ
Indicated up 0.3 pct
Bill Gross has reached a roughly $ 81 million settlement of his lawsuit against Allianz 's Pacific Investment Management Co ( Pimco ) , ending a bitter 2-1/2-year drama over the well-known bond investor 's abrupt departure from one of the world 's biggest asset managers .
BASF
Indicated up 0.4 pct
BASF unit Chemetall signs an agreement with graphite explorer Talga Resources to co-develop and commercialise graphene-enhanced metal surface coatings .
BAYER
Indicated up 0.2 pct
Syngenta is eyeing Bayer assets , Bloomberg reported late on Monday .
COMMERZBANK
Indicated up 0.4 pct
Commerzbank plans to outsource its securities processing business , possibly to a German unit of HSBC , the Sueddeutsche Zeitung reported , citing insiders .
DEUTSCHE POST
Indicated up 0.6 pct
Deutsche Post extended a partnership with Max 21 until at least 2019 .
E.ON
Indicated up 0.3 pct
The utility plans to issue new bonds worth up to 3 billion euros ( $ 3.26 billion ) this year , after an 8 year absence from the bond market , its chief executive told German daily Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung .
LUFTHANSA , AIR BERLIN
Lufthansa indicated up 0.6 pct
Air Berlin indicated up 0.9 pct
Trade union Verdi agreed a three-year pay deal for its 2,000 workers at Berlin airports , ending the threat of further strikes after industrial action caused the cancellation of some 2,000 flights in recent weeks .
Separately , Handelsblatt reported that Lufthansa and Etihad want to jointly market further flights from Frankfurt and Munich .
RWE
Indicated up 0.7 pct
Capital Markets Day due to present new corporate strategy .
VOLKSWAGEN
Indicated up 0.6 pct
Supervisory board due to be briefed on Dieselgate clean-up at meeting on Tuesday , according to a person familiar with the matter .
LEONI
Indicated down 0.9 pct
Supervisory board Chairman Werner Rupp will resign from his office on April 30 after the shareholder representatives on the board changed their nomination to propose Wolfgang Dehen instead of Rupp for the shareholder vote at the May 11 AGM , the company said late on Monday . Klaus Probst remains the board 's choice of future chairman .
NORMA
No indication available
Norma said it had acquired a majority stake in Chinese joining-products company Fengfan , a company with 15 million euros in 2016 sales , for an undisclosed price .
EVOTEC
Indicated up 5.2 pct
Evotec said it expected a significant improvement in 2017 EBITDA after 2016 EBITDA jumped to 36 million euros from 9 million euros a year earlier .
HAMBORNER REIT
Indicated up 0.2 pct
Hamborner Reit forecast that 2017 FFO would rise by 19-22 percent to between 43 and 44 million euros .
HORNBACH HOLDING
Down 7.6 pct in Frankfurt floor trading
The Hornbach family placed 1 million ordinary shares in Hornbach Holding .
TELE COLUMBUS
Indicated up 0.9 pct
Q4 results due . The group published preliminary figures on March 7 and said it saw normalised EBITDA rising by around 10 percent this year .
AUMANN
Indicated up 1.1 pct
Aumann said its greenshoe was fully exercised after its IPO .
BERTELSMANN
No indication available
2016 results due .
ENBW
May 3 Cerus Corp
* Cerus Corporation reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 loss per share $ 0.18
* Q1 earnings per share view $ -0.17 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Cerus Corp - Product revenue recognized during Q1 of 2017 was $ 7.0 million compared to $ 7.6 million during same period in 2016
* Cerus Corp - 2017 product revenue guidance to a new range of $ 43 million to 48 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
São Paulo May 3 Brazil 's CPFL Energia SA , the country 's largest private power company , on Wednesday launched a new firm called Envo with the aim of tapping the growing market for solar powered homes in Brazil .
CPFL , whose controlling stake was acquired by China 's State Grid Corp last year for 14.2 billion reais ( $ 4.52 billion ) , said it would offer a full range of services for electricity customers willing to use solar power . That would include equipment , installation and assistance to allow the user to connect their system to the local power grid and sell excess energy to the distribution company .
Brazil , which has for decades relied on a power system based on large hydroelectric dams , recently moved to diversify its energy matrix and was a late comer to solar power , despite having some of the world 's highest solar radiation levels .
Since new regulation was approved for consumers to install and connect their solar generation projects to the grid in 2015 , many companies have started to offer related services . With Envo , CPFL wants to grab a share of that market .
`` Many consumers are increasingly worried about the environmental impact of power generation , and also looking to reduce their power bills , '' CPFL Energia Chief Executive Andre Dorf said in a conference call with reporters .
Dorf said connections of solar generation projects to the national grid increased from 7,500 at the end of 2016 to 10,000 until April .
`` We are seeing a quick development of this market in the world and in Brazil , '' he said . CPFL declined to say how much it was investing in the new venture .
China is the world 's largest producer of solar power equipment , but the executive did not say if CPFL could use its proximity to China as per their new management to explore options to purchase equipment .
He said CPFL would buy the panels wherever it was cheaper .
Banco Santander Brasil SA will offer financing for new clients of Envo , who can run a simulation of costs , how long it would take for the system to pay for itself and other details at the company 's website . ( Reporting by Marcelo Teixeira ; Editing by Andrew Hay )
Try Amazing Lash Studio And Wake Up Bright Eyed With Eyelash Extensions !
Amazing Lash Studio
Contact
Charge Media Group
* * * @ chargemediagroup.com Charge Media Group
End
-- Your coffee is amped up with a few shots of espresso , your workout is elevated with circuit training , you 've stepped up your selfie game with filters — what 's next ? It 's time for next-level lashes ! Amazing Lash Studio in Carmel Valley is the place to be this Summer if you are trying to save extra time with your beauty routine.The difference is outstanding ! Their light weight and so comfortable you will forget you have them on . A lash stylist will attach each lash directly to your lashes giving you the most natural looking lash line . Choose from four lash styles that fit your lifestyle and preference : Gorgeous Lash style features longer and thicker eyelash extensions along the entire lash line . With longer , fuller lashes all over , you will be red-carpet.Natural are you , only better . Longer eyelash extensions tapered to follow your existing lash line and enhance the natural shape of your eyes.The sexy style features eyelash extensions that are longer on the outside edge of the eyes.Cute big bright eyes can be yours ! Cute lashes use longer eyelash extensions at the center of your lash line to make your eyes appear longer.Visit Amazing Lash Studio at https : //www.amazinglashstudio.com/ studios/ca/san- diego/ca ... call ( 858 ) 753-9188 .Amazing Lash Studio3840 Valley Centre Drive Suite 606San Diego , CA 92130
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Mississippi quarterback Shea Patterson says he will transfer to Michigan , where coach Jim Harbaugh has gone through three starting QBs this season .
Patterson made his commitment in a tweet on Monday after visiting the Ann Arbor , Michigan , campus last weekend . Patterson is recovering from a right knee injury that cost him the final month of last season , but he should be ready to compete in 2018 .
In seven games , Patterson passed for 2,259 yards and 17 touchdowns , with nine interceptions . The sophomore was one of the top recruits in the 2016 class .
Ole Miss was hit with NCAA sanctions two weeks ago that included a bowl ban next season . The NCAA said Mississippi 's seniors could transfer without sitting out next season , as is usually required . Patterson does not qualify for that but could petition the NCAA to be immediately eligible .
Ole Miss said it had granted Patterson , a native of Toledo , Ohio , permission to contact Michigan . Michigan did not immediately respond to a request for confirmation , and Patterson could change his mind before signing a scholarship agreement , but the official Michigan football Twitter account did re-tweet Patterson 's announcement .
Michigan went through three quarterbacks last season and the passing game struggled throughout . Michigan ranked 112th in the country in passing at 168 yards per game .
Wilton Speight started the season but went down with a back injury . He has already announced his plans to transfer . John O'Korn , a senior , took over for Speight , but was mostly ineffective . Sophomore Brandon Peters was the starter for three games , but a concussion forced him to miss the season finale against Ohio State . O'Korn started the loss to the Buckeyes .
The Wolverines also have Dylan McCaffrey , a freshman who redshirted this season after signing with Michigan as a four-star prospect in 2017 .
Michigan ( 8-4 ) plays South Carolina ( 8-4 ) in the Outback Bowl on Jan. 1 .
___
GUELPH — Police have laid 12 new charges against a practitioner of traditional Chinese medicine , accused last year of sexually assaulting several patients .
The Guelph Police Service says Sherman Lai , who also performed acupuncture , was charged with one count of sexual assault in October 2017 .
Between November 2017 and April 2018 , the 58-year-old was charged with 16 more counts of sexual assault , two counts of assault with a weapon , two counts of possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose , and two counts of uttering death threats .
Police say Lai was charged on Tuesday with one additional count of sexual assault , six more counts of assault , one more count of assault with a weapon , three counts of uttering threats and one count of forcible confinement .
LONDON When this season 's Premier League fixture list was released , Arsenal against Manchester City in April looked like a potential title decider .
In reality , neither team goes into Sunday 's game with a realistic hope of catching leaders Chelsea , but instead are focusing on keeping their own faltering seasons on track .
For either side , failure to qualify for the Champions League would be unacceptable , but for third-placed City and the sixth-placed Gunners , this is a genuine possibility .
Next month the pair meet in the FA Cup semi-final but right now Sunday 's Premier League clash is far more significant .
Victory for Arsene Wenger 's Arsenal would end a Premier League win drought of nearly two months , and be their first over one of the 'Big Six ' since they beat Chelsea 3-0 in September , a result which saw the west London side 's coach Antonio Conte change tactics and kick-start a charge towards the title .
That must seem a lifetime ago to Wenger , who knows another sub-standard showing on Sunday will increase the fans ' desire to see the Frenchman leave when his deal expires after the season .
Having had a two-week international break to fix things after a 3-1 loss at West Bromwich Albion last time out , Wenger desperately needs one of his big names to step up against City .
PLAYERS OUTMUSCLED
Midfielder Mesut Ozil 's return to fitness , having played for Germany after missing four of Arsenal 's last nine league games , is encouraging , but a perceived lack of physicality in recent games , with players easily outmuscled , must worry Wenger .
Playmaker Santi Cazorla 's absence has been felt while Alexis Sanchez 's absence on international duty with Chile seems to have done little to calm his dissatisfaction .
Sanchez reportedly had an angry exchange with national team goalkeeper and captain Claudio Bravo - who is likely to be on the bench rather than the pitch for City on Sunday .
Pep Guardiola 's team are frustratingly inconsistent , sweeping aside inferior opposition before being shown up by a quality side like AS Monaco in the Champions League .
Despite a decent 1-1 draw with Liverpool before the international break , City were not at their free-flowing best and got a 35,000-pound ( $ 43,946.00 ) FA fine for failing to control their players when disputing refereeing decisions .
Striker Sergio Aguero may be biding his time with a possible summer move on the cards while winger Raheem Sterling , who impressed on England duty before picking up a back injury , continues to exasperate with his fitful displays .
Guardiola seems to know how to handle him but having paid Liverpool 49 million pounds ( $ 60.88 million ) for the 22-year-old , City have a right to expect more consistency from Sterling .
Their best tactic could be to try and rattle Arsenal with an early blow and hope the reaction of the Gunners ' famously dissatisfied fans will further unsettle their side .
For all the media talk that Wenger wants to stay , he knows he must produce something positive this season . Sunday is a chance to take a step in the right direction .
( $ 1 = 0.8048 pounds )
( Reporting by Neil Robinson ; Editing by Ken Ferris and Julian Shea )
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON , June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year , the Premier League club said on Wednesday .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. -- An upper-level trough will deepen across Central Virginia Tuesday night into Wednesday morning , developing a nor'easter off the Virginia coast .
Rain will develop Tuesday night , with the rain changing to snow early Wednesday morning .
Surface temps will be a degree or two above freezing during much of the snowfall , limiting accumulations to grassy surfaces . But roadways could become covered during periods of the heaviest snow Wednesday morning .
The snow will end Wednesday afternoon and evening , with temps falling below freezing by Thursday morning .
Slick travel will be a possibility across parts of the area Thursday morning , before temps warm above freezing by 9 or 10 a.m .
A winter storm watch has been issued for parts of western Virginia and the Shenandoah Valley region . The Richmond area is not included .
Dry and cool weather is expected Friday and Saturday , with more rain and possibly mixed precipitation on Sunday .
COLUMN-Yes , disability insurance really is part of Social Security
CHICAGO , June 15 Quiz time : what do the letters “ SS ” stand for in SSDI ?
TOKYO , April 12 Japanese stocks fell more than 1 percent to their lowest level in over four-months on Wednesday morning as rising geopolitical tensions curbed risk appetite , while exporters dropped after the yen spiked to a five-month high .
The Nikkei 225 share average tumbled 1.3 percent to 18,504.81 in midmorning trade , the lowest since Dec. 7 .
The broader Topix also shed 1.3 percent , to 1,476.35 . The JPX-Nikkei Index 400 declined 1.2 percent to 13,248.36 . ( Reporting by Ayai Tomisawa ; Editing by Chris Gallagher )
May 2 KSG Agro SA :
* Said on Friday that it reported FY 2016 revenue of $ 20.9 million versus $ 19.3 million a year ago
* FY 2016 net profit was $ 1.8 million versus loss of $ 2.5 million a year ago
* FY 2016 EBITDA was $ 17.3 million versus $ 16.4 million a year ago
* Said repayment of overdue loan to one of the Ukrainian banks , in the amount of $ 1.2 mln , nominated in USD , during 2016 was postponed till Dec. 27 , 2017
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
MANILA — The Philippines ' top nickel ore producer , Nickel Asia Corp. , said its export plans in 2018 remain unchanged despite government plans to limit mining areas .
Nickel Asia still intends to ship about 20 million tons of nickel ore this year , up 13 % from 2017 , Emmanuel Samson , the senior vice-president for finance at the company , said in a phone interview on Tuesday .
Samson 's comments followed a Reuters report on Monday that the Philippine government intends to limit the amount of land that miners can develop at any one time to spur environmental rehabilitation , according to a draft government order .
The new curbs come after a crackdown on mining last year that has left more than half the country 's mines facing suspension or closure due to environmental breaches .
Shares in Nickel Asia fell as much as 6.7 % on Tuesday following the Reuters report . Global Ferronickel Holdings , Inc. , the Philippines ' second-biggest nickel ore producer , slumped as much as 7.1 % .
The mineral deposits at all four of Nickel Asia 's mines run deep so the limits in the mining areas should not affect current production volumes , even for its smaller mines , said Samson .
“ What we need to do is to perhaps accelerate our rehabilitation of our disturbed areas and we 're so used to doing this . Every year we do progressive rehabilitation , ” he said .
Under the government plan , mines producing up to 1 million tons of nickel ore a year will be allowed to work on 50 hectares at any one time . That would increase to up to 100 hectares for mines with output of 9 million tons and above . Projects with a processing plant will be allowed up to 162 hectares .
Companies will have to re-forest areas that have been mined above the limits before opening up any new land .
The biggest of Nickel Asia 's mines covers nearly 5,000 hectares and the smallest is about 700 hectares .
Nickel Asia , partly owned by Japan 's Sumitomo Metal Mining Co. , has two nickel processing plants , the only such facilities in the Philippines .
The company sold 17.7 million tons of nickel ore last year , mainly to Japan and China , down 8 % from 2016 .
The Philippines was the biggest nickel ore supplier to top market China last year , shipping nearly 30 million tons . Indonesia has been the top supplier so far this year after Jakarta relaxed its ore export policy . — Reuters
PARIS Nice striker Mario Balotelli scored one goal and set up another as they fought back to maintain their title hopes with a 2-1 home win against Girondins de Bordeaux on Sunday .
Nice fell behind early on but recovered with a Balotelli penalty and Valentin Eysseric strike as remained third in the table with 67 points from 31 games .
They trail leaders Monaco by four points and second-placed Paris St Germain by one , though both of those clubs have a game in hand after they played in the League Cup final on Saturday .
Gaetan Laborde opened the scoring for the visitors in the ninth minute with a low cross-shot but Nice reacted swiftly .
Italian Balotelli converted his spot kick in the 16th minute after Arnaud Souquet was fouled by Jeremy Toulalan .
Balotelli then set up Eysseric who whipped a fine shot past Cedric Carrasso to put the hosts ahead in the 27th .
Olympique Lyonnais stayed fourth on 51 points after being held to a 1-1 draw at Stade Rennais .
( Reporting by Julien Pretot ; Editing by Ken Ferris )
March 31 Insys Therapeutics Inc
* Insys Therapeutics Inc-previously issued interim unaudited financial statements as of and for Sept 30 , June 30 , March 31 , 2016 and 2015 , should no longer be relied on
* Insys Therapeutics Inc- financial statements as of Sept 30 , June 30 , and March 31 , 2016 and 2015 will be restated due to identification of certain errors
* Insys Therapeutics Inc- restatements result from errors related to company 's accounting for certain of its product sales allowances Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK , June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world .
* U.S. Q1 GDP comes out weaker than expected
* U.S. core PCE , an inflation gauge , is at 2 percent
* U.S. labor costs rise in Q1
* June rate hike chances rise after GDP data ( Adds comment , byline , table ; updates prices )
By Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss
NEW YORK , April 28 U.S. Treasury debt yields rose across the board on Friday after data showed the U.S. economy in the first quarter grew at its slowest pace in three years , but details of the report suggested a more upbeat outlook .
Yields , which move inversely to prices , touched session highs immediately after the report . Some analysts suggested that investors were probably positioned for a much weaker number in line with the Atlanta Federal Reserve 's forecast for growth of just 0.2 percent .
Data showed on Friday that U.S. gross domestic product grew at a 0.7 percent annual rate , the weakest performance since the first quarter of 2014 .
But there were positive elements . For instance , the core inflation measure , the PCE index , was 2 percent , compared with 1.3 percent in the fourth quarter . The headline PCE deflator also rose , up 2.4 percent . All these figures suggested a build-up in inflation , which should keep the Fed on track to raise rates at least twice this year .
Indeed , rate futures have priced in a 71 percent probability of a Fed policy tightening in June after the GDP data , up from about 68 percent before the report 's release .
Elsewhere , first-quarter employment costs rose to 0.8 percent , higher than market expectations , an indication of rising wage growth .
`` Everything continues to point to continued acceleration in wage growth , '' said Brett Ewing , chief market strategist , at First Franklin Financial Services in Tallahasee , Florida .
`` The weak ( GDP ) number is more likely a pause than a continued slowdown .. Odds should rise to a near certainty for June . They simply can not hold off into such strong labor numbers , '' he added .
In late morning trading , benchmark 10-year notes were down 3/32 in price to yield 2.307 percent , up from 2.296 percent late on Thursday . Yields earlier hit session highs of 2.338 percent .
U.S. 30-year bond prices fell 10/32 , yielding 2.980 percent , up from Thursday 's 2.965 percent .
On the front end of the curve , U.S. two-year yields were at 1.269 percent , up from Thursday 's 1.258 percent .
Jim O'Sullivan , chief U.S. economist , at High Frequency Economics believes GDP in the second quarter should be much higher , going by the fact that growth has tended to be below-trend in the first quarters of the last seven years .
He said real U.S. growth has averaged just 1.0 percent annual rate in first quarters , well below the 2.5 percent for the second quarter , 2.5 percent for the third , and 2.3 percent for the fourth . ( Editing by Bernadette Baum )
City hires attorney for inquiry into superintendent 's arrest
FRANKLIN , Tenn. ( AP ) — A Tennessee city has hired an outside attorney to investigate a police department 's actions in connection with the arrest of a superintendent who faced assault charges that were dismissed .
Emails obtained by The Tennessean shows that the independent investigation comes in response to a request from Williamson County Schools Superintendent Mike Looney for Franklin to `` fully vindicate '' him of wrongdoing . Franklin hired attorney David Rivera .
The charges stem from an incident involving Looney 's response to a reported psychological emergency of a student Feb. 20 . A judge ruled that neither the student nor her mother faced the threat of imminent bodily harm from Looney .
Knoxville city spokesman Jesse Mayshark says the Knoxville Police Department 's Internal Affairs Unit was contacted about conducting a review of the case , but officers determined they had nothing to add to the record .
___
Information from : The Tennessean , http : //www.tennessean.com
April 28 Sunevision Holdings Ltd
* Wong Chin-Wah an executive director of company , will retire as a director of company Source text : ( bit.ly/2poUObq ) Further company coverage :
Live updates : State of emergency as Christchurch Port Hills fire worsens , prompts more evacuations
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here , as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information .
Less than half of those surveyed are n't insured for earthquakes and wildfires
An example of an emergency preparedness kit . ( City of Victoria photo )
British Columbians have no one to blame but themselves for not being ready for an emergency , a survey commissioned by the provincial government suggests .
Fifty-four per cent of the more than 1,200 respondents said they have a draft emergency plan , according to results released Monday suggest , but only 13 per cent of them have actually completed one .
Emergency kits were also lacking around the province : Only four in 10 people have one in their car , and only three in 10 have one ready at home .
And there 's no good reason why : most people cited “ personal laziness ” and “ apathy . ”
Most British Columbians had some emergency supplies , but key items were lacking .
Only 60 per cent had prepared at least four litres of water per person per day , and less than half had cash in small bills , a battery-powered or hand-crank radio , a whistle or a dust mask .
If the worst did happen , most people were n't prepared to rebuild , either .
Around half of people living in Metro Vancouver and on Vancouver Island were insured against earthquakes , and less than half of southern Interior and northern residents were covered for wildfires .
All around , most people admitted they did n't really understand how their insurance worked or what it covered .
Plumes of black smoke are billowing across Sydney 's CBD from a large fire on Macquarie Street .
It is understood a cafe caught alight and dozens of people have taken to social media to post images of the fire — which appears to be spreading up scaffolding on a high-rise building at the busy street .
Twelve fire trucks with 75 firefighters are on the scene . Macquarie Street is now closed commuters should expect significant delays .
A Fire and Rescue NSW spokesman said the fire is now `` under control '' and 20 people have been safely evacuated from the building . However , he said operations to battle the blaze are still ongoing .
Advertisement
The building , which is opposite the State Parliament and covered by scaffolding and safety mesh , is understood to house barristers chambers .
NSW Police said there have been no reported injuries but peak-hour commuters should expect delays .
`` Emergency services are responding to a fire at a construction site on Macquarie Street at Sydney , '' a spokeswoman tweeted . `` There have been no reported injuries . Diversions are in place . ''
A spokesman for Fire and Rescue NSW tweeted : `` Crews are fighting a scaffolding fire on Maquarie St , no injuries reported , operations are ongoing . ''
He added that the fire involved external scaffolding and not cladding . Cladding on the front of the building was removed last week .
`` It looked like it started around level six and it 's gone all the way to the top , '' one witness told the Daily Telegraph .
`` Now it 's melted down the building and stripped everything else below it .
Another witness , Ignatius Corboy , told the Today show emergency services are using an extended scaffolding device to battle the remainder of the blaze .
`` It is halfway up the building , seems to be a little bit still going , '' he told the show . `` It is all under control now , but it is certainly extensive damage on the side of the building and the scaffolding seems to be ruined as well .
He added that there was a massive emergency presence and a huge crowd of onlookers while the fire was growing , but emergency services quickly cleared the area .
`` They have done a fantastic job of clearing the scene and getting it under control , '' he added . Witnesses say the exclusion zone starts right at the start of Macquarie Street down all the way down to the Woolloomooloo turn-off .
It is understood the fire broke out around 7.45am and two people were trapped at the top but they have since been rescued .
Witnesses say that , within five minutes of the fire starting , the whole building was ablaze . One witness told 9 News it appeared to be started by an electrical spark , which ignited plastic mesh on a part of the construction site .
The building at 233 Macquarie St is behind the Supreme Court of NSW buildings . Macquarie St between Prince Alfred Rd and Hunter St is closed in both directions .
SYDNEY | # FRNSW crews are fighting a scaffolding fire on Maquarie St , no injuries reported , operations are ongoing pic.twitter.com/cftT781vx3 — Fire and Rescue NSW ( @ FRNSW ) May 30 , 2018
The fire comes three months after another major building blaze in the CBD which brought the city to standstill and forced the evacuation of thousands of workers as gas bottles exploded .
Fire investigators tracked the cause of February 's blaze to one of the construction workers ' oxyacetylene blowtorches , according to a Fire and Rescue NSW spokesman .
OTTAWA — Canada 's national pension fund manager is among a group of Canadian companies that are undermining the federal government 's international anti-coal alliance by investing in new coal power plants overseas , an environmental organization says .
Friends of the Earth Canada joined with Germany 's Urgewald to release a report today looking at the top 100 private investors putting money down to expand coal-fired electricity — sometimes in places where there is n't any coal-generated power at the moment .
The report lists six Canadian financial companies among the top 100 investors in new coal plants in the world . Together , Sun Life , Power Corporation , Caisse de depot et placement du Quebec , Royal Bank of Canada , Manulife Financial and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board have pledged $ 2.9 billion towards building new coal plants overseas .
Urgewald tracks coal plants around the world and reports there are 1,600 new plants in development in 62 nations , more than a dozen of which do n't have any coal-fired plants now .
While Environment Minister Catherine McKenna is claiming to be a global leader on phasing out the dirtiest of electricity sources , private investors are `` undermining that commitment , '' says Friends of the Earth senior policy adviser John Bennett .
Canada and the United Kingdom last month teamed up to launch the Powering Past Coal Alliance , trying to bring the rest of the world on side with a campaign pledge to phase out coal as a power source entirely by 2030 for the developed world and 2050 for everyone else .
Twenty national governments and at least seven subnational governments — five of them from Canada — signed onto the alliance last month . The hope is to grow the number to 50 by the time the United Nations 24th climate change conference takes place in November 2018 .
McKenna will meet with leaders and officials from the alliance this week in Paris , where French President Emmanuel Macron is hosting a climate change meeting to mark the two year anniversary of the Paris climate change accord . This meeting is largely focused on international climate finance as the world tries to meet the goal to have $ 100 billion a year to invest in climate change mitigation and adaptation projects in the developing world by 2020 .
The accord commits the world to keeping the average global temperature from rising more than two degrees Celsius over pre-industrial levels by the end of the century . To do that , scientists suggest global carbon emissions have to start dropping in less than three years , and the only way that is going to happen is by shutting down coal plants .
Coal is responsible for almost half of global carbon dioxide emissions .
RICHMOND , Va – A group of student dancers performed a traditional Kalamatianos dance LIVE in our studio ! The members of the Doxa and Neo Kyma groups will preform during the 2018 Greek Festival that features delicious Greek food , drinks , shopping and entertainment .
Come on out and experience The 2018 Richmond Greek Festival that kicks off Thursday , May 31st from 11am – 9pm and runs all weekend . Hours on Friday and Saturday , June 1-2 are 11am – 10pm and on Sunday , June 3rd the festival runs from 12pm – 7pm at Sts . Constantine & Helen Greek Orthodox Cathedral on Malvern St. in Richmond . You can get more information at https : //www.greekfestival.com/ .
SYDNEY , April 20 Global retail juggernaut Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday it plans to offer its retail shopfront service in Australia , confirming rumours which have circulated for years about its plans to expand into the world 's 12th-largest economy .
The Seattle-based firm said in an email that after offering its internet cloud service in Australia in 2012 and opening an online e-book store in 2013 , `` the next step is to bring a retail offering to Australia '' .
`` We are excited to bring thousands of new jobs to Australia , millions of dollars in additional investment , and to empower small Australian businesses through Amazon Marketplace , '' the email said , referring to the company 's online retail shopfront service .
( Reporting by Byron Kaye ; Editing by Stephen Coates )
On this edition of the Midday News Wrap , we look at President Trump 's visit to Puerto Rico and his talk of relief efforts for the US territory in the wake of Hurricanes Irma and Maria .
The National Rifle Association , the powerful gun lobby , issued a statement about `` bump stocks , '' the device that the Las Vegas mass shooter used to increase the carnage he inflicted . “ The NRA believes that devices designed to allow semiautomatic rifles to function like fully-automatic rifles , '' the statement read , `` should be subject to additional regulations . ”
President Trump is reportedly planning to de-certify the Iran nuclear deal , leaving it to Congress to think about pulling out of the agreement altogether . Reports are that his top advisers are recommending the US stay in . Last night while posing for a picture with military leaders and their wives , Trump described the moment as the `` calm before the storm . '' The Commander in Chief did not elaborate further .
And here in Baltimore , a highly respected lawyer from a prominent local law firm has been appointed to serve as the monitor of the Consent Decree between the Police Department and the Department of Justice .
Tom discusses these and other of the week 's top news stories with reporter John Lemire , who covers the White House for the Associated Press ; Charles Robinson Political/Business reporter for Maryland Public Television ; and Andrew Green , the Opinion Editor of the Baltimore Sun .
Some patient conditions require dental surgery to be done in a hospital operating room . ( Black Press files )
Waiting lists will be shortened this year for people requiring hospital admission for dental surgery , B.C . Health Minister Adrian Dix says .
Additional funding this year will allow 900 more procedures for children and adults who require general anesthetic for dental surgery procedures , due to complex medical conditions or developmental disabilities .
“ I have heard from parents whose sons and daughters are suffering for long periods in pain , in some cases without any understanding of what is happening to them , ” Dix said . “ This is something we need to address , and that is why we are taking action today . ”
The increase in procedures is the largest increase ever in B.C. , Dix said . Health ministry data show that an average of 15 per cent of people needing hospital surgery for dental problems waited more than 26 weeks .
Island Health had more than 20 per cent of patients waiting at least 26 weeks , followed by 14.8 per cent in Fraser health and 10.9 per cent in the Interior Health region .
The total number of hospital-based dental surgeries is funded to increase from 6,200 last fiscal year to 7,100 in 2018-19 .
“ Recognizing those with developmental disabilities , such as Down syndrome , cerebral palsy and autism , need more access for dental care that can better accommodate their physical needs is long overdue , ” said Faith Bodnar , executive director of disability rights group Inclusion B.C .
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Marsh wants to sell a bunch of its remaining supermarkets to a subsidiary of Kroger , according to Marsh 's bankruptcy filing . It 's the latest chapter in a battle of Midwestern grocery chains . Dwight Adams/IndyStar
Buy Photo Bananas at Kroger in New Castle . ( Photo : Keith Roysdon / The Star Press ) Buy Photo
MUNCIE , Ind . — If a bankruptcy court approves the sale of some Marsh Supermarkets stores to Kroger , what 's the bottom line for grocery prices and shoppers ?
The Star Press compared a dozen household staples at Marsh and Kroger to see how their prices matched up . The newspaper on Tuesday checked prices on the same items , same size and on the same brands , when available , at the Kroger store in New Castle and the Marsh at Wheeling Avenue and McGalliard Road in Muncie .
A Kroger subsidiary hopes to purchase several Marsh locations around the state , including Muncie stores along Tillotson Avenue and at Wheeling and McGalliard . The judge in Marsh 's bankruptcy case in the state of Delaware must approve Kroger 's purchase of the 11 Indiana stores for $ 16 million .
PREVIOUS MARSH/KROGER STORIES
Kroger , another grocery to buy some Marsh stores
Will Kroger fill the Marsh void ?
The Star Press ' informal survey found that of a dozen items , Kroger had lower prices on 10 and Marsh had lower prices on two . Note : Grocery prices can vary for many reasons , including special sales . What The Star Press found on Tuesday could be different on Wednesday or Thursday .
Sometimes the price difference was minimal . Kroger sold bananas for 55 cents a pound compared to 59 cents at Marsh . Marsh sold a 12-ounce box of Cheerios for $ 3.49 , or 20 cents more than Kroger 's price .
Marsh had lower prices than Kroger on a 14.3-ounce package of Oreo cookies , $ 2.88 compared to $ 2.99 at Kroger . And to accompany those Oreos , Marsh sold a gallon of two percent milk for $ 2.19 compared to $ 2.39 at Kroger .
If you had a taste for something besides milk and cookies , however , Kroger offered the better prices .
Kroger was considerably less expensive on 18-pack bottles of beer like Budweiser , Miller and Coors , at $ 12.99 compared to $ 17.88 .
Another big price difference was for toilet paper , with Kroger selling a six-roll pack for $ 6.99 compared to Marsh 's price of $ 8.79 .
Many price differences were a dollar or less in Kroger 's favor .
How do some of those prices compare to the national average ? According to the statista.com website , bananas have averaged 58 or 59 cents a pound in recent years , so Kroger 's 55 cents was a little below average while Marsh was right about average .
Statista said the cost of a pound of ground beef most recently averaged $ 3.56 , close to Kroger 's price but considerably less than the price at Marsh .
Over the course of several years , The Star Press compared grocery prices at stores in Muncie . The 2013 price comparison reflected that Ruler Foods , which had only recently opened a discount grocery store in Muncie , quickly led the local market , with lower prices , or tied with grocery store Aldi , on six of the seven items surveyed .
Ruler is a subsidiary of Kroger and has been the company 's only representation in the local market since the 1970s .
Contact Keith Roysdon at 765-213-5828 and follow him on Facebook and Twitter .
Marsh vs. Kroger price comparison
The Star Press compared prices on 12 staple grocery items at Marsh and Kroger . Here are the results :
Bananas : Kroger : 55 cents . Marsh : 59 cents
Beer : Bud , Miller , Coors , 18 packs of 12-ounce bottles : Kroger : $ 12.99 . Marsh : $ 17.88 .
Wheat bread , 20-ounce loaf : Kroger : $ 1.19 . Marsh : $ 2.99 .
Hamburger , 16-ounce package ground beef : Kroger : $ 3.49 . Marsh : $ 4.49 .
Oreos , 14.3-ounce package : Kroger : $ 2.99 . Marsh : $ 2.88 .
Sugar , 4-pound bag : Kroger : $ 1.99 . Marsh : $ 2.99 .
Ice cream , Breyer 's chocolate , 1.5 quarts : Kroger : Two for $ 5 . Marsh : $ 4.49 .
Cheerios , 12 ounces : Kroger : $ 3.29 . Marsh : $ 3.49 .
Bologna , Oscar Meyer , 12 ounce package : Kroger : $ 1.99 . Marsh : $ 2.39 .
Milk , gallon 2 percent : Kroger : $ 2.39 . Marsh : $ 2.19 .
Eggs , a dozen large : Kroger : 99 cents . Marsh : $ 1.49 .
Toilet paper , Quilted Northern , six-roll package : Kroger : $ 6.99 . Marsh : $ 8.79 .
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE MARSH SUPERMARKETS AND CHANGES TO HOW WE GET OUR GROCERIES How Marsh ended up in bankruptcy | 1:10 The Marsh supermarket chain has filed for bankruptcy , the latest blow after a spate of store closings that could lead to it closing if it does n't find a buyer or partner soon . Here 's how it came to this point . Dwight Adams/IndyStar 1 of 6 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE MARSH SUPERMARKETS AND CHANGES TO HOW WE GET OUR GROCERIES Kroger , another rival could swallow up Marsh stores | 1:09 Marsh wants to sell a bunch of its remaining supermarkets to a subsidiary of Kroger , according to Marsh 's bankruptcy filing . It 's the latest chapter in a battle of Midwestern grocery chains . Dwight Adams/IndyStar 2 of 6 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE MARSH SUPERMARKETS AND CHANGES TO HOW WE GET OUR GROCERIES The lavish spending of Marsh Supermarkets ' former longtime CEO | 1:18 Testimony in the 2013 civil trial of former longtime CEO Don Marsh brought the details to light . Nate Chute/IndyStar 3 of 6 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE MARSH SUPERMARKETS AND CHANGES TO HOW WE GET OUR GROCERIES Ex-Marsh employees find hope in Kroger job fair | 1:15 `` I 've seen approximately 150 folks over the last two days , '' said Lanny Good , Kroger district manager . `` 93 to 95 percent has been Marsh . We 've had folks from HHGregg . We 're certainly hoping we can find an opportunity for these folks . '' Mykal McEldowney/IndyStar 4 of 6 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE MARSH SUPERMARKETS AND CHANGES TO HOW WE GET OUR GROCERIES Marsh is selling all of its liquor | 1:00 Indiana 's alcohol laws are the reason why . Nate Chute/IndyStar 5 of 6 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE MARSH SUPERMARKETS AND CHANGES TO HOW WE GET OUR GROCERIES From 2014 : Inside the new Downtown Marsh | 1:18 A new Marsh supermarket is set to open Thursday , May 15 , 2014 . Here 's a sneak peek at the store , which includes many food options and a seating area with free wi-fi . Robert Scheer / The Star 6 of 6 Last VideoNext Video How Marsh ended up in bankruptcy
Kroger , another rival could swallow up Marsh stores
The lavish spending of Marsh Supermarkets ' former longtime CEO
Ex-Marsh employees find hope in Kroger job fair
Marsh is selling all of its liquor
From 2014 : Inside the new Downtown Marsh
Read or Share this story : http : //tspne.ws/2sspe0N
PARIS Louis Dreyfus ' [ AKIRAU.UL ] core earnings fell for a second year in 2016 amid a persistent high supply of crops , but the agricultural commodity trader said a revamp of operations should help results this year .
Large inventories , low prices and limited volatility have curbed margins in the past two years for companies that buy , transport and process crops such as wheat , soybeans and rice .
The privately owned company , controlled by Margarita Louis-Dreyfus , said on Monday that 2016 core operating profit for its business segments fell to $ 1.2 billion from $ 1.4 billion in 2015 and $ 1.8 billion in 2014 .
Net sales fell to $ 49.8 billion from $ 55.7 billion in 2015 , while shipped volumes were stable at 81 million tonnes .
Net income , however , rose to $ 305 million from $ 211 million , supported by favorable tax effects .
`` Market fundamentals , including oversupply and slow demand growth , are expected to remain similar to 2016 , '' Chief Executive Officer Gonzalo Ramirez Martiarena said in an annual report .
`` We expect our new strategy to really start showing in our financial performance in 2017 . ''
Dreyfus is part of the so-called 'ABCD ' quartet of trading giants alongside Archer Daniels Midland ( ADM.N ) , Bunge ( BG.N ) and Cargill [ CARG.UL ] that dominate global flows of agricultural commodities .
Like its peers , it has been reorganizing activities and last year said it would seek partners to invest in its fertilizer , metals , juice and dairy businesses .
It did not give an update on its partnership plans in its annual results .
Detailing operational performance , Louis Dreyfus said its fertilizer business continued to face losses linked to weak demand from farmers faced with low crop prices .
Its orange juice unit , which has been hit by consumer concern about sugar content , saw improved results , while the metals business saw a significant rise in profit , it said .
Dreyfus has also reined in capital investments , reducing these last year to $ 354 million from $ 420 million in 2015 .
Rivals such as ADM and Cargill have seen earnings from trading activities decline too , although better performances at other units have helped boost their group profit .
In addition to the potential sale of stakes in non-core activities , Russian-born Margarita Louis-Dreyfus has previously raised the possibility of bringing in an outside investor at group level .
The exercising of a put option by minority family shareholders to sell most of their 20 percent stake in the group 's holding firm has also fueled speculation she will seek a new shareholder .
( Reporting by Gus Trompiz ; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta and David Evans )
( Repeats to additional customers with no change to text )
By Lindsay Dunsmuir and Howard Schneider
WASHINGTON , April 5 Most Federal Reserve policymakers think the central bank should take steps to begin trimming its $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year as long as the economic data holds up , minutes from their last meeting showed .
The minutes released on Wednesday of the March 14-15 policy discussion , at which the Fed voted 9-1 to raise interest rates , also showed that the rate-setting committee had a broad discussion about whether to phase out or halt reinvestments all at once .
`` Provided that the economy continued to perform about as expected , most participants anticipated that gradual increases in the federal funds rate would continue and judged that a change to the Committee 's reinvestment policy would likely be appropriate later this year , '' the Fed said in the minutes .
Treasury yields initially rose sharply after the release of the minutes but reversed course . The dollar briefly slipped while stocks on Wall Street fell .
The Fed bought Treasury and mortgage-backed bonds on an unprecedented scale in the wake of the financial crisis to help keep interest rates low to spur hiring and growth .
Fed policymakers have previously indicated that any plan to shrink its portfolio would let the bonds naturally roll off , by not reinvesting them when they mature , once its interest rate hikes were `` well under way . ''
`` The December FOMC meeting is probably the most likely date to introduce this change , '' said Paul Ashworth , chief U.S. economist at Capital Economics in Toronto , following the publication of the minutes .
The Fed 's lifted its benchmark interest rate in March to a target range of between 0.75 and 1 percent , its second hike in three months , and signaled it remained on track to lift rates twice more this year .
In the minutes , almost all policymakers agreed that the timing of a change in balance sheet policy would depend on economic and financial conditions and generally preferred to taper or stop investments in both Treasury and mortgage-backed bonds .
An approach that phased out reinvestments was seen as less likely to trigger financial market volatility while doing so all at once `` was generally viewed as easier to communicate while allowing for somewhat swifter normalization of the size of the balance sheet . ''
What they all agreed on was that shrinking the balance sheet should be gradual and predictable and nearly all said that any altering of the policy `` should be communicated ... well in advance of an actual change . ''
UPSIDE RISKS TO ECONOMY
New York Fed President William Dudley recently said that taking steps to normalize the balance sheet would tighten financial conditions and could affect the pace of rate rises .
Prior to the minutes Wall Street banks expected no changes to the balance sheet policy until mid-2018 , the latest poll by the New York Fed showed .
Elsewhere in the minutes policymakers appeared to see upside risks to the economy while there was still disagreement on how close the Fed was to meeting its 2 percent inflation goal this year .
In its March policy statement , the Fed said that its inflation target was `` symmetric , '' indicating it could tolerate price rises temporarily overshooting its 2 percent target rate .
Along with the minutes , the central bank for the first time also published a set of so-called `` fan charts '' to show the extent of uncertainty around their quarterly economic forecasts .
Uncertainty around them was substantial , the Fed said .
The Fed 's next policy meeting is scheduled for May 2-3 while investors currently expect another rate rise in June . ( Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir and Howard Schneider ; Editing by Andrea Ricci )
BRIEF-Italian bad loan manager doBank says filed for Milan bourse listing
* Shares to be offered in IPO will be sold by 97.81 percent shareholder Avio , which is indirectly controlled by Fortress Investment Group and Eurocastle Investment Limited Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Milan Newsroom )
MEXICO CITY , April 5 State-owned oil company Pemex said on Wednesday that Mexican prosecutors have called for testimony from Pemex officials in an investigation of a bribery scandal around Brazil-based builder Odebrecht .
Pemex said in a statement that Mexico 's attorney general 's office on April 3 had requested testimony from company officials , whom Pemex did not name , as well as copies of contracts between Pemex , Odebrecht and an affiliated petrochemical company , Braskem .
Odebrecht and Braskem pleaded guilty in late November in a U.S. court to paying officials to help secure lucrative construction contracts in 12 countries .
The Brazilian companies agreed to pay at least $ 3.5 billion , the largest penalty ever in a foreign bribery case , but that deal potentially opened them to new prosecution in other countries .
Pemex said on Wednesday it has a contract for the supply of ethane with Braskem and its Mexican partner Grupo IDESA .
Both companies formed the Braskem-IDESA partnership in 2010 for the Ethylene XXI project , a petrochemical complex for the production of polyethylene in Coatzacoalcos , Veracruz .
Pemex also signed two contracts with Odebrecht for the construction at the Tula refinery in central Mexico .
The fourth contract is for the development of a waste management project at the Salamanca refinery , also in central Mexico , carried out by Odebrecht and Mexican firm ICA Fluor .
According to the U.S. court ruling , between 2001 and 2016 , Odebrecht paid approximately $ 788 million in bribes in association with 100 projects in 12 countries , including Brazil , Argentina , Colombia , Mexico and Venezuela .
In Mexico , Odebrecht company paid $ 10.5 million to obtain public works contracts between 2010 and 2014 , which generated more than $ 39 million in profits , according to the U.S. ruling . ( Reporting by Adriana Barrera ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
April 12 Treasure Factory Co Ltd
* Says it will repurchase up to 150,000 shares , representing 1.36 percent of outstanding
* Says share repurchase price at up to 120 million yen in total
* Says repurchase period from April 13 to April 20
* Says it will retire the newly repurchased shares on April 20
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/80HPnc
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
( Corrects headline and fifth bullet to clarify name of the target company )
March 31 Cheung Kong Property Holdings :
* Discloseable transaction - acquisition of the target company in Canada
* Deal for consideration of approximately C $ 2.82 billion
* Company entered into sale and purchase agreement
* vendor , purchaser ( an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of company ) and company entered into sale and purchase agreement
* Target company being 3216444 Nova Scotia Co Source text ( bit.ly/2nmUXcy ) Further company coverage :
PHILIPPINE Airlines ( PAL ) has signed an agreement with Amadeus to upgrade the flag carrier 's core technology systems amid efforts to become a five-star airline by 2020 .
In a statement , PAL said it will adopt the Amadeus Altea Suite , described as a complete passenger service system to streamline and improve services from reservation to flight management .
“ We want Philippine Airlines to stand shoulder to shoulder with the world 's best airlines . We are immensely proud of our 4-Star rating , but it has only inspired us to work even harder . Our mission is to represent the best of the Philippines , and the best of the Filipinos to the world . So our next goal is to get that 5th Star by 2020 , ” PAL President and COO Jaime J. Bautista was quoted as saying in the statement .
PAL said the Amadeus Altea Suite is a next-generation airline IT system that would help it upgrade customer experience by delivering consistent and personalized service .
“ Tangible benefits include faster and simpler check-in for travelers , the ability to re-accommodate disrupted passengers in a matter of seconds , improved on-time performance , and consistent , automat application of customer preferences at every touch point , ” PAL said .
The adoption of the Altea system would also help PAL 's efforts to join an airline alliance . PAL noted more than two-thirds of Star Alliance airlines , three-quarters of One World airlines and half of Skyteam airlines use Altea .
PAL has been certified as a four-star airline by Skytrax , the London-based international air transport rating organization . This made PAL the first and only airline in the country to have a four-star rating .
The flag carrier is anticipating the delivery this year of four Airbus A350-900s , six A321neos , and five Bombardier Q400s , cumulatively worth $ 2 billion . — Patrizia Paola C. Marcelo
RPT-EU fetes end of roaming charges but risks linger for travellers
BRUSSELS , June 14 Roaming charges for using mobile phones when travelling within the European Union disappear on Thursday , capping a decade-long battle by Brussels to show increasingly sceptical Europeans it can make their lives better .
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday . Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy :
Brazil 's Itau forms credit intelligence venture with four other banks
São Paulo , June 14 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , Brazil 's largest lender by market value , said on Wednesday it had formed a credit intelligence venture with Banco Bradesco SA , Banco Santander , Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal .
* Dollar trades flat but headed for best week since mid-Feb * Gold to average $ 1,259 an ounce this year -GFMS * Palladium up 17.7 percent this quarter * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns : tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl ( Updates prices , adds comment , milestones ) By Devika Krishna Kumar and Peter Hobson NEW YORK/LONDON March 31 Gold notched a quarterly gain of about 8.4 percent on Friday , marking its best quarter in a year , as uncertainty over U.S. President Donald Trump 's tax and investment plans and elections in Europe fueled demand for bullion as a safe haven . Gold rebounded from early losses as the dollar turned flat after a Federal Reserve official 's seemingly dovish remarks and uninspiring data on the U.S. economy tamped down the sanguine mood from earlier this week . Spot gold was up 0.4 percent at $ 1,247.4 an ounce at 3:48 p.m EDT ( 1948 GMT ) . U.S. gold futures ended the session 0.2 percent higher at $ 1247.30 an ounce . Earlier in the session , gold had dropped by the most in over than three weeks . It failed to break resistance at its 200-day moving average , triggering early technical selling . The dollar index , which tracks the greenback against six rival currencies , was little changed from its late Thursday levels at 100.39 . Backed by early-week gains , however , it is headed for its best week since mid-February . An index of world stocks dipped on Friday as investors locked in profits , also boosting gold . Data showing the largest annual increase in U.S. inflation in nearly five years and comments by the president of the New York Federal Reserve meanwhile reinforced expectations of U.S. interest rate hikes this year . A stronger dollar makes bullion more expensive for holders of other currencies , while higher interest rates lead to higher bond yields and dampen demand for non-yielding gold . But gold is underpinned in the coming months by doubts over Trump 's ability to enact tax cuts and investment spending and an uncertain political outlook in Europe . `` The fear trade has driven the market so far this year , '' said David Govett at Marex Spectron . The buying as a haven from risk , plus a recovery in Indian buying , are likely to push prices to an average $ 1,259 an ounce this year , GFMS analysts at Thomson Reuters said in their Gold Survey 2017 , published on Friday . A failure by Trump to make progress on his stimulus plans would reduce the chances of a rise in U.S. interest rates in June , Tom Kendall at ICBC Standard Bank said in a note . `` That in turn would likely give gold the impetus to break up through $ 1,300 again , '' he said . In other precious metals , spot silver was up 0.7 percent at $ 18.21 an ounce , taking its gains this quarter to 14.2 percent . Platinum was 0.6 percent higher at $ 948.60 an ounce and is up about 5 percent this quarter . Palladium was up 0.2 percent at $ 795.5 an ounce . The metal used in catalytic converters that curb pollution from vehicle exhausts has risen 17.3 percent this quarter . ( Additional reporting by Arpan Varghese in Bengaluru ; Editing by Greg Mahlich and Tom Brown )
Architect claims NY 's One World Trade Center stole his design
NEW YORK , June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan 's One World Trade Center , claiming that the building bears a `` striking similarity '' to a tower he designed in 1999 while in graduate school .
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON , June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel , a Democrat , to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated her late on Tuesday .
March 31 Terilogy Co Ltd :
* Says it has appointed Takao Tsubuki as the new Chairman of the Board in the company
* Says it has appointed Akihiro Abe as the new President of the company , to replace Takao Tsubuki
* Effective date April 1
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/i8ovIl
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
An interactive map is making it easier for Okanagan residents to support their local farmers .
Buy Local BC recently announced the arrival of the sixth annual 2018 Buy Local ! Buy Fresh ! Okanagan Map and the third annual 2018 Buy Local ! Buy Fresh ! Thompson Shuswap Map . This year 's campaign includes more than 125 listings including 77 farms across the two new editions of your year-round map and guide to local food , according to a Buy Local news release .
The Thompson Shuswap map showcases 50 participants from Kamloops to Salmon Arm , east to Sicamous , west to Ashcroft and Lillooet , and north to Clearwater . The latest Okanagan map features more than 75 participants between Osoyoos , the Similkameen Valley , north to Armstrong . Together , these maps present some of our region 's finest locally produced food and drinks , along with great events , services , and ideas for visiting or touring many of the producers and farms , the release said .
The 2018 Okanagan map officially launched at Vernon Farmers ' Market June 28 . The 2018 Thompson Shuswap map launched June 30 at Salmon Arm and Shuswap area markets starting in Sorrento Village Farmers ' Market . Free copies of the maps are also available at most visitor centres and hotels , and at many participating businesses throughout the Okanagan Valley , the Thompson Valleys , and the Shuswap .
“ This year was our earliest campaign opening yet , and we 're very happy to have the new maps out for the start of summer . We 'll be looking forward to going out again through the season for more market visits and events , ” said Buy Local BC founder and coordinator Shayne Wright .
For more information , locations to pick up printed maps , and to view the online listings , visit buylocalbc.org .
edit @ kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
April 28 Ford Motor Co :
* On April 28 , company entered into thirteenth amendment to its credit agreement dated as of December 15 , 2006 - SEC filing
* As a result of the thirteenth amendment , the existing credit agreement has been amended effective as of April 28 , 2017 - SEC filing
* As a result of the thirteenth amendment , lenders have maintained total revolving commitments of $ 13.4 billion
* Allocation of $ 3 billion of commitments to Ford Credit on an irrevocable and exclusive basis remains in place
* Under amendment , maturity dates have been extended by one year to April 30 , 2022 for 75 % of the $ 13.4 billion commitments
* Under amendment , maturity dates have been extended by one year to April 30 , 2020 for 25 % of the $ 13.4 billion commitments Source text ( bit.ly/2ppYmKr ) Further company coverage :
Ride-hailing company suspends all road-testing of such vehicles in U.S. and Canada
Police say a woman walking outside a crosswalk on Sunday night in the Phoenix area when she was hit by the self-driving car . ( @ zombieite/Flickr )
A self-driving Uber vehicle struck and killed a pedestrian in a suburb in Phoenix , Ariz. , in the first fatality involving a fully autonomous test vehicle , prompting the ride-hailing company Monday to suspend all road-testing of such autos in the U.S. and Canada .
Depending on who is found to be at fault , the accident could have far-reaching consequences for the development of self-driving vehicles , which have been billed as potentially safer than human drivers .
READ MORE : Self-driving Ubers could still be many years away , says research head
The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside a crosswalk in Tempe on Sunday night was hit , police said . The woman , identified as Elaine Herzberg , 49 , died at a hospital .
Uber suspended all of its self-driving vehicle testing in the Phoenix area , Pittsburgh , San Francisco and Toronto .
The testing has been going on for months as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology .
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation .
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles , leaving much of the regulation up to states .
But Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao also has said technology and automobile companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles , citing a poll showing that 78 percent of people fear riding in autonomous vehicles
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles gradually has increased each year , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . In 2017 alone , 33 states introduced legislation .
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the testing phase . As of early March , the agency received 59 such reports .
April 12 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
- A group of Chinese political activists filed a lawsuit in federal court against Yahoo on Tuesday , saying the company failed to properly oversee a $ 17 million fund it created a decade ago to help Chinese writers , democracy advocates and human rights lawyers persecuted for standing up to the country 's government . nyti.ms/2oWw50I
- Toshiba , a pillar of the modern Japanese economy whose roots stretch back to the country 's industrial stirrings in the 19th century , warned on Tuesday that a disastrous foray into nuclear power may have crippled its business beyond repair . nyti.ms/2oWd7Hl
- Uber has lost a string of top managers in recent months as the ride-hailing company has dealt with scandals over its workplace culture and its executives ' behavior . That exodus is continuing with the exit of Rachel Whetstone , the company 's head of policy and communications . nyti.ms/2oWm0kp
- Rolling Stone and a writer have agreed to settle a libel suit brought by a University of Virginia administrator over a debunked article that described a gangrape at the university , the magazine announced on Tuesday . nyti.ms/2oWr08m
- LeEco has scrapped a planned $ 2 billion acquisition of U.S. consumer electronics company Vizio , citing unspecified `` regulatory headwinds '' . nyti.ms/2oWjmei
( Compiled by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru )
WICHITA , Kan. ( AP ) – Landry Shamet and Darral Willis Jr. each scored 15 points to lead Wichita State to a 100-66 thrashing of Bradley on Sunday in a game where 16 Shockers got playing time .
The game was never in doubt as Wichita State ( 12-3 , 2-0 ) grabbed a 13-0 lead capped by back-to-back 3s by Markis McDuffie and Shamet .
A pair of Callum Barker free throws for Bradley made it 18-11 marking the last time the Braves would face a single-digit deficit . Austin Reaves ' 3 with 12:50 left before halftime made it 21-11 and the rout was on .
The Shockers proceeded to outscore Bradley 30-18 before halftime and led 51-29 at intermission .
Reaves finished with 14 points , shooting 4 for 4 from 3-point range . McDuffie scored 13 points and Rauno Nurger 10 .
Darrell Brown led Bradley ( 6-9 , 1-1 ) with 12 points and Nate Kennell had 10 .
By Anita Singh
A man whose wife and teenage son were allegedly stabbed to death by a homeless man who they had helped has spoken for the first time about how the family `` always helped others '' .
Speaking for the first time since the attack in Stourbridge , West Midlands , last month , Peter Wilkinson paid tribute to his `` absolute angel '' wife Tracey , a 50-year-old former ballroom dancing champion , and their son Pierce , 13 , who were killed .
Wilkinson , 47 , was also stabbed repeatedly in the attack on March 30 , the Daily Telegraph reported .
His 18-year-old daughter , Lydia , was away at Bristol University where she is a student at the time .
Wilkinson spent a fortnight at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham .
Yesterday , he and Lydia attended West Bromwich Albion 's Premier League match against Liverpool where players and fans held a minute 's silence to honour the victims .
He confirmed the suspect was known to the family and said that his wife met him while he was homeless . Wilkinson said the family had cared for the suspect `` on and off '' over the past 12 months .
Fighting back tears , he said : `` We were in a happy family bubble , the four of us . Lydia was at Bristol University doing great . Pierce was at school which he loved .
`` And my wife was an absolute angel . We had such a happy family life . We are good people . We always helped others . We are a charitable family .
Continued below .
Related Content John Drinnan : When does plain talk become hate speech ? Brazilian woman behind bars after 4.6kg cocaine found at Auckland Airport Your Views : Readers Letters
`` My wife did a lot of work to help other people . She would n't walk past a homeless person on the street without stopping to give them a sandwich , she was that type of person . We just miss them so much .
`` We sit talking about it everyday . We were really happy . Now our lives have got a huge hole in them . I nearly lost my life . I got six deep stab wounds .
`` I had a lot of internal injuries and was in intensive care for six days . It was touch and go . I had to have a vast amount of stitches . ''
`` I was supposed to be in for a few weeks but I came out after 12 days . I am well enough to come out , I am just on painkillers trying to rest and recuperate . ''
He added : `` I have become physically very weak now . Going out and doing more than just a little bit is very hard . It is going to take months to recover .
`` We are just taking things one day at a time , one hour at a time . The support we have had has been phenomenal . We have had cards from people we have never heard of .
`` We do n't know how we will move on but with the steely support of our friends and family me and Lydia will move on . We will find happiness again . It is just going to be a long , long road that we should never have had to take .
`` We had renovated the home and it was our labour of love for seven or eight years . Our roots are in Stourbridge and we intend to continue to live in that area . ''
Days after the killings , Lydia visited the home where she laid flowers to her mother and brother .
Aaron Barley , 23 , of no fixed address , has been charged with two counts of murder .
- Daily Telegraph UK
' I love this painting for the passion and empowerment one can sense in her profile and the complete control she exudes '
Madame Suggia , 1920–23 , by Augustus John ( 1878–1961 ) , 6ft by 5½ft , Tate Collection . Credit : Tate , London 2018/Bridgeman Images
Douglas Boyd says :
I love this painting for the passion and empowerment one can sense in her profile and the complete control she exudes . And that astounding red dress : this is no Handmaid 's Tale gown of oppression , but a statement of the fire and brilliance that were characteristic of her playing .
Three little anecdotes : my wife , Sally Pendlebury , cellist with the Fitzwilliam String Quartet , was inspired as a child by Jacqueline du Pré , who in turn was influenced by Suggia . Augustus John had a daughter , Amaryllis Fleming , whom I knew , who became one of the great cellists and teachers of her time . And finally , John 's step-granddaughter married John Paul Getty Jr . The Getty estate at Wormsley is , of course ,
the wonderful home of Garsington Opera '
Douglas Boyd is a artistic director of Garsington Opera , for which he is conducting Capriccio this season ( until July 22 ) . He is also music director of the Orchestre de chambre de Paris .
John McEwen comments on Madame Suggia :
Augustus John , whose brain was once teeming with ideas for great compositions , had ceased to do imaginative work and was painting portraits , ' wrote William Rothenstein , his contemporary , of John 's art between the World Wars .
This portrait took him 80 sittings – so long , rumour falsely suggested he and its subject , the Portuguese cellist Guilhermina Suggia ( 1885–1950 ) , were living in sin . Suggia was in England from 1912 to 1923 , her virtuosity ecstatically acclaimed . Young Edward Hulton ( 1906–88 ) , later publisher of Picture Post and Eagle , was briefly engaged to her – the age difference an expression of her passionate effect , the portrait a betrothal present .
The end of the engagement annulled the commission and turned the portrait into what Andrew Wilton has described as ‘ a striking image , and to cause a stir that would promote both sitter and artist ' . John succeeded . Madame Suggia was bought by the supreme art panjandrum , Lord Duveen , and presented by him to the Tate in 1925 .
The dramatic pose showed Suggia playing with legs astride , instead of to one side as convention demanded of female cellists . In fact , as the famous accompanist Gerald Moore recalled , her playing was ‘ calculated , correct and classical ' . She played Bach during sittings and noted John would ‘ walk up and down in time to the music ' and , when he was pleased , ‘ on tiptoe ' . It was ‘ a portrait not only of a musician but of her instrument – more of the very spirit of the music itself… John himself is kind enough to call it “ our ” picture ' .
‘ Augustus John : Drawn from Life ' is at Poole Museum , Dorset , until September 30
NMBZ Holdings has secured in excess of US $ 56 million worth of lines of credit in the last five years to fund various projects , but is yet to draw down on some of them due to foreign currency shortages in the country .
By Melody Chikono
The credit lines have been funded by five different institutions , including for on-lending to small-to-medium enterprises ( SMEs ) .
The bank is hoping to start drawing down on some of the lines in 2018 as it moves to target exporters .
Zimbabwe is facing challenges in accessing foreign currency with some companies being unable to process payments for imported raw materials and are now on the brink of closure .
NMB CE Benefit Washaya told businessdigest this week the bank will now restrict credit lines it secured for SMEs to exporters as shortages of foreign currency persist in the country . This has been necessitated by the fact that while it was easy to secure these lines for this sector , repayments were being made in local currency , making it difficult for the bank to repay the money .
Washaya said the bank has decided instead to channel the facility to exporters who are in a position to generate foreign currency to repay .
“ We have been successful in our drive of securing lines of credit as we leveraged on our strong shareholder base . We have a total of US $ 56,4 million approved credit lines from five different institutions over the last two to five years . Most of our lines were initially targeted at SMEs . However , due to the shortages of foreign currency , we had to restrict utilisation of the lines to exporters since they are able to generate the much-needed foreign currency in order to support the repayments when the lines fall due , ” he said .
However , Washaya said NMB remained positive about the outlook with the current re-engagement of the international community expected to translate to reduced country risk .
“ That is one of the challenges we battle with when we go out to look for lines of credit . As a bank , we are going to play our part in supporting the economic developmental aspirations of the country and our customers , ” he said .
Fitch Rates Intel 's $ 600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering ' A+ '
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) CHICAGO , June 14 ( Fitch ) Fitch Ratings has assigned an ' A+ ' rating to Intel Corporation 's ( Intel ) $ 600 million seven-year senior notes offering . Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes , ahead of the company 's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. ( Mobileye ) . Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017 . Pro forma fo
( Adds Iraq says oil output capacity to reach 5 million bpd )
By Ahmed Rasheed
BAGHDAD , April 2 Iraq has assured OPEC it will fully comply with an agreement to cut oil supply in order to bolster crude prices , OPEC Secretary General Mohammed Barkindo said on Sunday in Baghdad .
Iraq 's compliance stands now at 98 percent , the nation 's oil minister Jabar al-Luaibi told reporters , after addressing a conference in the Iraqi capital , also attended by Barkindo .
Compliance with the deal agreed by OPEC and non-OPEC producers at the end of last year to cut supply is `` encouraging , '' Barkindo told the forum .
General compliance with supply cuts by the oil producers was 86 percent in January and 94 percent in February , he added .
The market is already balancing , Barkindo said , adding stocks of crude were coming down .
Luaibi said he was satisfied with the existing deal , but declined to say whether Iraq would support an extension , leaving it to an OPEC ministerial meeting planned in May .
The current deal , he said , `` contains many positive elements and achieved a lot of targets ; work is ongoing to reach the reduction of 1.8 '' a million barrels per day ( bpd ) agreed by OPEC and 11 other nations including Russia for their combined production in the first half of 2017 .
The accord has lifted crude to about $ 50 a barrel . But the price gain has also encouraged U.S. shale oil producers , which are not part of the pact , to boost output .
While Iraq is committed to achieving 100 percent of its target reduction , it will proceed with projects to boost oil production capacity to 5 million barrels per day , Luaibi said .
OPEC 's second-largest producer , after Saudi Arabia , Iraq will proceed in parallel with exploration plans to increase its reserves by 15 billion barrels in 2018 , to reach 178 billion barrels , he said .
Among the plans to increase output capacity from existing fields is a seawater injection plan which is in process of being tendered , he added .
Iraq 's oil production has averaged 4.464 million barrels per day ( bpd ) so far in March , a reduction of more than 300,000 bpd on levels before OPEC cuts were implemented from Jan. 1 , state-oil marketer SOMO said on Thursday .
Average crude exports were 3.756 million bpd in March , versus a record of more than 4 million bpd in November , according to SOMO .
Barkindo described as `` very constructive '' meetings he had on Saturday with Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and other Iraqi leaders in Baghdad . ( Reporting by Ahmed Rasheed ; Writing by Maher Chmaytelli ; Editing by Susan Thomas and Mark Potter )
MADRID | The spokesman for Spain 's government declared Friday that “ coexistence is broken ” in Catalonia , blaming separatist authorities in the wealthy northeastern region for pushing ahead with their independence bid .
Government spokesman Inigo Mendez de Vigo , who is also the cabinet 's minister of cultural affairs , called on the Catalan regional government to drop its secessionist bid in order to begin a dialogue .
A disputed independence referendum in Catalonia last Sunday has led to Spain 's biggest political crisis in decades , with the national government in Madrid condemning the vote as illegal , unconstitutional and invalid .
Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont wants to address the regional parliament next week “ to discuss the political situation ” in Catalonia . That request comes after Spain 's Constitutional Court suspended the Catalan parliament session on Monday during which separatist lawmakers wanted to discuss secession .
Catalan regional police chief Josep Luis Trapero , 2nd left , arrives at the national court in Madrid , Spain , Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 . A Spanish judge is due to question Mossos d'Esquadra chief Trapero and two pro-independence campaigners about their role in an Oct. 1 referendum that the Spanish government declared as illegal . ( AP Photo/Paul White ) In this Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 photo , a pastry chef makes white chocolate bars with drawing of esteladas or Independence flags , in a patisserie in Barcelona , Spain . The patisserie in Barcelona is showing its support to regional police chief officer Josep Lluis Trapero by adorning chocolates with his image in the style of superman with a flowing cape of the Catalan flag . ( AP Photo/Emilio Morenatti ) In this Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 photo , a pastry chef works on a chocolate bar with a drawing of Catalan regional police chief Josep Luis Trapero , in a patisserie in Barcelona , Spain . The patisserie in Barcelona is showing its support to regional police chief officer Josep Lluis Trapero by adorning chocolates with his image in the style of superman with a flowing cape of the Catalan flag . ( AP Photo/Emilio Morenatti ) FILE , In this Sunday , Oct. 1 , 2017 file photo , a woman wearing an estelada or independence flag walks a long a street covered with referendum ballots thrown by pro-independence demonstrators , during a rally in front of the Spanish Partido Popular ruling party headquarters in Barcelona , Spain . The ballot boxes arrived from France in the dead of night , were stored in homes and improvised hidey-holes , and then secretly shuttled to polling stations across Catalonia right under the nose of police . ( AP Photo/Emilio Morenatti , File ) A man , wearing a t-shirt reading in Spanish : `` Please , talk '' chats with a passer-by about the current political situation in Catalonia , in Barcelona , Friday , Oct. 6 , 2017 . Catalan president Carles Puigdemont has requested to address the regional parliament next Tuesday amid growing challenges for his government to deliver on a pledge to declare independence for the northeastern region following a disputed referendum last weekend . ( AP Photo/ Francisco Seco )
“ In order to dialogue , you must stay within the legal framework , ” Mendez de Vigo told reporters on Friday .
The minister also warned Catalans that a parliamentary declaration of independence “ is not enough ” and that the international community needs to recognize independent nations .
No country has openly said it would support an independent Catalonia and the European Union says it would be kicked out of the bloc and forced to stop using the common euro currency . The EU says Catalonia would have to apply to rejoin , a lengthy , uncertain process .
Puigdemont says the referendum is valid despite a Constitutional Court ban on holding it and the fact that only 40 percent of the region 's 5.5 million eligible voters turned out amid strong police pressure to shut down the vote . Catalan officials say 90 percent of those who cast ballots favored independence .
Puigdemont has asked now to address the regional parliament Tuesday to “ report on the current political situation. ” Catalan lawmakers were meeting Friday afternoon to discuss the request .
The top Spanish official in Catalonia , Enric Millo , who is in charge of security , said Friday he regretted that hundreds of people were injured Sunday in the police crackdown on the independence vote — the first statement by a Spanish official lamenting the injuries .
“ I can only say sorry ” for the injuries , Millo told Catalonia 's TV3 television .
He also tempered the apology by saying the Catalan government was responsible for the situation by encouraging people to vote despite the Constitutional Court order suspending the referendum .
Spain has defended police actions , saying there were firm and proportionate . Videos on Sunday saw police yanking voters and others by their hair and kicking and hitting them .
Catalan authorities say about 900 people were treated for injuries during Sunday 's vote , when Spain 's anti-riot squads fired rubber bullets , smashed into polling stations and beat protesters with batons to disperse voters .
The political turmoil has led to unease in Spain 's business sector . Spain 's main stock index was down slightly Friday , with Catalan banks leading losses amid the uncertainty .
Spain 's government approved a decree Friday that would make it easier for Catalan companies to move base out of the region . The move will allow for the relocation of the registration of Caixabank —Spain 's third largest bank in global volume of assets . Caixabank 's board was due to meet in Barcelona on Friday to discuss the issue .
At least half a dozen companies , including the fifth largest lender , Banco Sabadell , have already relocated from Catalonia or agreed to do it .
“ It 's very sad what we are seeing , ” Economy Minister Luis de Guindos said Friday . “ This is the result of an irresponsible policy that is causing uneasiness in the business community . ”
In Madrid , Spain 's National Court unconditionally released two senior officers of Catalonia 's regional police force and the leaders of two pro-independence civic groups being investigated for sedition in connection with the referendum . The four are to be questioned again in coming days .
The case is linked to Sept. 20-21 demonstrations in Barcelona , when Spanish police arrested several Catalan government officials and raided offices in a crackdown on referendum preparations .
The four are Catalan police chief Josep Lluis Trapero , Catalan police Lt. Teresa Laplana , Jordi Sanchez , the head of the Catalan National Assembly , and Jordi Cuixart , president of separatist group Omnium Cultural .
After being questioned for about an hour , Trapero left the courthouse to applause by Basque and Catalan party representatives and insults from bystanders .
“ I ask strongly that the Spanish government , the national parliament and the head of state ( the king ) understand that time and the hours are very important to find a debated solution and give way to a political solution , ” Sanchez said .
Laplana , who had remained in Barcelona , declined to testify for medical reasons while Cuixart refused to testify , saying he did n't recognize the court 's capacity to question him for a crime he did n't commit .
Spanish authorities say the demonstrations hindered the Spanish police operation , and that Catalan police did n't do enough to push back protesters blocking Spanish police officers from leaving a building .
Carles Campuzano , the spokesman for the Democratic Party of Catalonia , described the hearing Friday as an outrage , saying that demonstrations could not be considered illegal .
“ It 's just another expression of the absolutely mistaken , authoritarian , repressive response by the ( Spanish ) state to the pacific , democratic and civic demand of Catalan society , ” he told reporters .
Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has urged Puigdemont to cancel plans for declaring independence in order to avoid “ greater evils . ”
Parra reported from Barcelona . Frank Griffiths contributed from London .
WASHINGTON May 2 U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Tuesday did not say when lawmakers would vote on a Republican plan to undo former President Barack Obama 's healthcare law , but said House leaders were making progress on the bill .
Speaking to reporters , Ryan said Republicans `` were making very good progress '' on their proposed legislation . He rejected concerns about the measure 's potential health insurance impact on people with pre-existing health conditions , saying there were layers of protections for such patients . ( Reporting by Richard Cowan ; Writing by Susan Heavey ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa could face their most transitional period in recent years this summer with the club facing some constraints due to Financial Fair Play .
The club 's failure to gain promotion has left supporters questioning the future of may players , Jack Grealish for example is being heavily linked with a move away .
It 's a time of uncertainty , one thing is for sure - the loan players will go back to their parent clubs . At least for now .
We have created a graphic below that enables you to decide the fate of the Villa team .
We have excluded loan players , youth players , and John Terry .
Tell us what you think by swiping left or right .
Sidelined
Callum O'Hare could miss the start of the 2018/19 Championship season as he recovers from a knee ligament injury sustained in the Hong Kong Sevens .
The 20-year-old is out of the pre-season schedule and is set for ten weeks on the sidelines after seeing a specialist last week , Birmingham Live understands .
It 's a blow for the academy player-of-the-year who was hoping to stake a claim for a first-team spot next term after recent success with the U23s .
A spell on loan would also have been considered over the summer had O'Hare not received assurances over involvement with the seniors .
But the setback means that he wo n't be playing any football for a while and will have to recover at Bodymoor Heath in the times ahead .
The injury was sustained during the tournament in Hong Kong earlier this month .
O'Hare landed awkwardly on his knee and had to be assessed when he arrived home but was told that no surgery was required .
Boss Steve Bruce used the youngster eight times last season and has continued to monitor his progress .
O'Hare and striker Rushian Hepburn-Murphy are seen as the most-likely to push on next term if the manager turns to the U23 side for reinforcements .
Keinan Davis and Andre Green have already made an impact in the first-team .
Still hurting
Dr Tony Xia has again spoken out after Aston Villa 's doomed promotion attempt and revealed he is still hurting after the Wembley defeat .
Speaking on Twitter , the owner admitted that everyone at the club is still coming to terms with falling short of their objective .
He stated : `` Still hurting . Felt even more when you realize how much all ppl love the club , gaffer , the whole squad , including myself , have given everything but still did n't achieve our target .
`` Also very difficult to verify ppl showing their real personality and humanity at this tough moment . ''
It follows his message to Villa fans straight after the game in which he simply said : `` Gutted . Sorry for all fans for this difficult moment . Have to stay stronger . UTV ''
The inquest into the failed campaign will now begin .
Atalanta acquiring
Aston Villa 's coffers are set to be boosted with Atalanta ready to purchase forgotten goalkeeper Pierluigi Gollini , reports Gazzetta dello Sport .
The 23-year-old has spent the last 18 months on loan with the Serie A side after failing to earn Steve Bruce 's trust at Villa Park .
Gollini has often played the role of understudy to Atalanta No.1 Etrit Berisha .
The former Manchester United youngster has played just seven Serie A games this season , but he 's reportedly done enough to convince the club to conclude a permanent transfer .
The fee Atalanta will have to cough up for Gollini is reportedly £3.5million .
Gollini is one of six senior Villa players out on loan this season .
Spanish playmaker Carles Gil has spent the last two campaigns at Deportivo La Coruna and that will be made permanent imminently .
Deportivo 's sporting director Carmelo del Pozo told Marca : `` Carles Gil 's compulsory purchase will be effective , then we will see if he wants to play in Segunda and if he is convinced of playing in Segunda . ''
Tommy Elphick , Gary Gardner and Aaron Tshibola are all expected to return to Villa , while Ritchie De Laet is in negotiations over a permanent move to Royal Antwerp .
Snoddy 's yearning
Fans ' favourite Robert Snodgrass has been left heartbroken as Aston Villa 's Wembley woe all but scuppered hopes of a permanent transfer .
The popular Scot spent the season on loan at Villa Park from Premier League side West Ham .
Snodgrass , 30 , recorded seven goals and 14 assists in 43 outings for Villa and current manager Steve Bruce hoped to conclude a permanent transfer this summer .
Snodgrass is expected to leave West Ham following Manuel Pellegrini 's appointment .
Villa is his preferred destination , but a move to the Second City is off the table .
Failure to achieve promotion to the Premier League , and Villa 's ongoing battle with Financial Fair Play , means a deal for Snodgrass is all but impossible .
BirminghamLive understands Villa need to raise around £40million to comply with FFP guidelines .
`` Whatever happens I have loved pulling on that jersey and met some great people , ” Snodgrass told supporters after Villa were resigned to another season in the Championship .
Snodgrass has also been hugely influential off the pitch this season . The Scotland international has been the joker in Villa 's pack and his humour was vital in keeping morale high in the season 's tough moments .
He built up a rapport with both the playing staff and supporters , the latter to such an extent that he got a standing ovation every time he trotted over to take a corner at Villa Park .
Snodgrass has made a friend for life in John Terry and he 's also played an understated role in Jack Grealish 's rise this term .
Speaking before the play-off final , Snodgrass said : `` I came on loan to Aston Villa to be part of something special , to try and help them get back into the Premier League .
“ I ca n't say it was a straightforward decision , though , because I had a situation where I could only go on loan to a Championship club .
“ The owners at West Ham would n't let me go to a Premier League club . There were four or five Championship clubs interested and Aston Villa were 16th or 17th at the time , so it looked as if it would be tough for them to get promotion .
“ But I assessed it and thought : ‘ If there 's one team that could kick on , it will probably be them . ' And I knew most of the staff here which was a big factor . ''
Hutton 's hurting
Out of contract defender Alan Hutton says he 's ‘ struggling to come to terms ' with Aston Villa 's play-off final defeat to Fulham .
Hutton made 33 appearances for Villa last season and excelled at left-back .
His future is now up in the air , though , and the 33-year-old full-back is free to join another club .
Manager Steve Bruce said prior to the play-off final that Hutton would be offered a new contract regardless of the outcome .
Bruce explained : “ I can confirm to you now we will be talking to him next week , whichever division we are in . He deserves it . ”
Hutton is desperate to stay at Villa Park and hopes the club can keep the current crop of players together as they aim for promotion at the third time of asking .
Hutton posted on Instagram : “ Still struggling to come to terms with the game on Saturday , really disappointed we could n't get over the line for everyone involved with the club .
“ A massive thank you to the fans for the amazing support , it 's been incredible all season long .
“ I just ( pray ) we can keep this amazing group of lads together as I know we can get back to the Premier League . ”
Shocking scenes
This is the shocking footage of Aston Villa fans fighting each other at Wembley as tempers boiled over after the defeat to Fulham .
The video above shows fans clashing in the stands as the reality of a doomed Championship campaign sank in .
As the video screen in the background screens the Fulham team climbing the steps to lift the Championship play-off trophy , the contrast of emotions was very evident as the ugly scenes erupted .
The video has been shared widely on social media after the game which saw Steve Bruce and his side resigned to another season in the second tier .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Collymore 's call
Former Aston Villa striker Stan Collymore has called on the club 's owner to tell the fans what the club 's direction will be in the next three years .
Speaking in his column in our sister title The Mirror , Collymore explains his fears for the future at Villa Park .
He stated : `` I fear the pain is going to set in for Aston Villa after they missed out in the play-offs .
`` They should have gone up and now have only one year left of parachute payments - at a greatly-reduced level - have the biggest wage bill in the division by far , and are spending big money on players who have played well in spells .
`` I feel there has to be a massive financial recalibration and some serious thinking done by billionaire owner Dr Tony Xia , who needs to tell the supporters what the club 's direction will be over the next two or three years .
`` But these are worrying financial times for Villa . ''
Counting the cost
Aston Villa will need to find around £40m-£45m from player sales and wage cuts to fall in line with Financial Fair Play , Birmingham Live understands .
A football finance expert has explained how Villa 's failure to win promotion back to the Premier League this term has left them seriously counting the cost this summer .
The claret and blues may have to sell prized asset Jack Grealish to cover costs and there 's no chance of turning any of the loan signings into permanent deals .
`` The FFP black hole is between £40m and £45m , '' a source told us . `` Villa have gambled with expensive players on big wages but there will need to be a reality check this summer . ''
Boss Steve Bruce admitted that cuts will need to be made .
When asked if players would be sold , Bruce replied : `` Yes . This season has been difficult , financially . We understand , or I have understood , about Financial Fair Play .
`` But the discussions will need to be held above me to say what we have or have n't got . ''
The powers-that-be are in the process of holding those talks . Saturday 's defeat against Fulham in the play-off final is still very raw but the club are starting to moving forward .
These things take time , of course , and more will be revealed in the times ahead as Villa come to terms with another season in the Championship .
Elsewhere , a report was also published today by Swiss Ramble - a business & football blog- which highlighted some of the problems Villa are facing up to .
Meanwhile another expert says Aston Villa 's predicament is ‘ really severe ' and has predicted sales this summer .
Villa were resigned to a third successive season of Championship football with defeat at Wembley .
Bruce 's expensively-assembled squad is now expected to be broken up this summer as the club desperately attempt to stay within Financial Fair Play restrictions .
The club 's most valuable asset , Grealish , is already being linked with a host of Premier League sides with Villa likely to sell at least one of their top players .
Kieran Maguire , a lecturer in football finance at the University of Liverpool , discussed Villa 's problems at length with the BBC .
Revealed : How much cash Aston Villa need to raise this summer
BRIEF-Apollo Endosurgery files for stock shelf offering of ‍​up to $ 17.3 mln
* Apollo Endosurgery inc files for stock shelf offering of ‍​up to $ 17.3 million - sec filing Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
MISSISSAUGA , Ont . — Richard Moreau earned his fifth straight O'Brien bronze in the trainer of the year category at the 2017 O'Brien Awards on Saturday night .
The Puslinch , Ont. , native led all Canadian trainers with 277 victories and over $ 3.7 million in pure earnings .
The O'Brien Awards honour the best in Canadian horse racing and are named after the late Joe O'Brien — a member of the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame .
Moreau 's stable star , Sandbetweenurtoes , was honoured as Older Pacing Mare of the Year .
Owner Brad Grant of Milton , Ont. , took home three O'Brien bronzes — one each for his two-year-old pacing colt , Stay Hungry , his three-year-old pacing filly Bettors Up and his pacing mare , Sandbetweenurtoes . Grant had lost several horses in a tragic barn fire at Classy Lane Training Centre in January 2016 .
Al Libfeld of Pickering , Ont. , and Marvin Katz of Toronto took home two O'Briens — one for Ariana G , voted the country 's top three-year-old trotting filly , and one as Breeders of the Year .
Driver Doug McNair from Guelph , Ont. , won his first O'Brien as Canada 's Driver of the Year following a year where he earned more than $ 5.9 million in purse money , and $ 6.5 million in earnings in North America while driving 325 winners .
Marc Campbell of Winsloe , P.E.I . took his second O'Brien Award of Horsemanship . He recorded 255 wins and more than $ 584,000 in purse earnings as a driver . On the training side , Campbell had 131 victories and more than $ 376,000 in earnings last season .
Hannelore Hanover was named Canada 's Horse of the Year , and also won her second consecutive O'Brien Trophy as Older Trotting Mare . Her connections received the inaugural Somebeachsomewhere Horse of the Year Award .
Hannelore Hanover won 10-of-17 races last season , over $ 1.1 million in purse money and scored victories against male rivals in an elimination and final of the Breeders Crown Open Trot , the Allerage , and the Maple Leaf Trot . She also swept the Armbro Flight .
U.S . Congressman Stephen Scalise was shot Wednesday in Alexandria , Virginia , just south of Washington , while he and other Republican congressional lawmakers were practicing for an annual baseball game .
Scalise 's office says the 51-year-old lawmaker is in stable condition at a Washington hospital after being shot in the hip .
5 wounded
Reports say a total of five people appear to have been wounded when a gunman opened fire on the early morning baseball practice .
Alexandria police said on Twitter that the suspect had been detained . News reports says the shooter has been identified as James Hodgkinson .
Police and emergency personnel are seen near the scene where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La . was shot during a Congressional baseball practice in Alexandria , Virginia , June 14 , 2017 .
President Donald Trump said he and Vice President Mike Pence are monitoring the situation . “ We are deeply saddened by this tragedy . Our thoughts and prayers are with the members of Congress , their staffs , Capitol Police , first responders , and all others affected , ” Trump said in a statement .
Eyewitness accounts
Fellow Republican Congressman Mo Brooks , who also was on the scene , told CNN that Scalise “ was not able to move on his own power ” and was “ dragging his body from the second base infield to the outfield to get away from the shooter while all this firing was going on . ”
Rep. Mo Brooks , R-Ala. meets with reporters in Alexandria , Va. , June 14 , 2017 , after House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was shot at a congressional baseball practice just outside of Washington .
​Brooks said the gunman , standing behind a fence on the third base side of the field , “ fired 10 or 20 shots ” with a rifle “ before I heard anything coming from our side , ” where a security detail that had accompanied the House members to the field were positioned .
Brooks said the security detail “ exhibited great , great courage ” in returning fire at the gunman , who did not say anything before opening fire .
Emergency personnel are seen through a window with a bullet hole in Alexandria , Virginia , June 14 , 2017 .
When he heard the gunfire , Brooks said , “ I ran around the batting cage ” to obscure himself from the gunman 's line of sight and he was not hit .
Brooks said Scalise was near second base when he was hit with a shot in his hip . A congressional aide was shot in the calf , Brooks said , and a congressman who is a doctor quickly applying a tourniquet to stanch the bleeding .
Republican Senator Jeff Flake saw the shootings unfold and said “ at least 10 minutes ” passed before the gunman was shot . Flake said one security officer who himself had been shot “ ran around quite a while with a wound ” while firing at the gunman .
The gunman “ had a lot of ammo , ” Flake said , and “ initially he was right out in the open ” continuing to fire from behind a dugout on the field .
Flake described the gunman as a white male “ in his 40 's , maybe 50 ” wearing a blue shirt .
Motive unknown
A motive for the shooting is not known at this time .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) is at the scene of the shooting , which is only about 11 kilometers from the White House .
The congressional baseball game that was scheduled for Thursday is a long-standing summer tradition in Washington , with teams of Republican and Democratic lawmakers squaring off on the ball field , even in times like now , when fractious political debates are the norm .
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says his cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
The owner of a vegan food truck says she regrets a Facebook post in which she appeared to dismiss the deaths of `` meat eaters '' in the Las Vegas massacre .
Delinda Jensen , 60 , of Wilkes-Barre , said she 's received death threats and had to shut down her business after her post Monday night started going viral , sparking intense backlash both online and off .
Jensen wrote : `` Yes I am jaded . Fifty nine meat eaters dead . How many animals will live because of this ? '' In a second comment , she used an expletive to say she did n't care about `` carnists . ''
A gunman killed 58 people at a country music concert Sunday night , then killed himself as police closed in .
Jensen , a former adjunct history professor , called her post `` a moment of stupidity '' and apologized for it in an interview with the Times Leader newspaper in Wilkes-Barre .
`` Was it poorly written ? Absolutely . Do I regret it ? Yes . I am so sorry I wrote that , '' she said Thursday . `` Meat eaters or not , no one deserves to die like that . I was n't celebrating the death of those people . ''
Jensen said she became a vegan two years ago and started the Mother Nature Vegan Cuisine food truck with her son . She said she was trying to make the point that she believes animals are tortured and killed unnecessarily for their meat .
Jensen has since deactivated her Facebook account , hidden her food truck and cancelled her bookings , and installed a security camera at her home . Her son said people have driven by their home , shouting threats and obscenities , and they have called police several times out of fear for their safety .
The Associated Press
Acting Democratic Party ( PD ) secretary Maurizio Martina on Tuesday said it would `` deepen '' exploratory talks on a coalition government with the populist Five-Star Movement in a bid end Italy 's post-election stalemate .
`` In a spirit of cooperation and without hiding the differences and problems between us , we are committed to deepening dialogue on a possible partnership , '' Martina said after meeting Italy 's lower house of parliament speaker Roberto Fico .
`` This will involve members of our leadership , who will be called upon to evaluate , discuss and decide the new direction to take , '' Martina said .
Italy 's head of state Sergio Mattarella , who is struggling to end seven weeks of political deadlock after inconclusive 4 March national polls , on Monday asked Fico to hold talks with Five Star and the PD and report back to him on Thursday with his findings .
The PD is divided over a possible tie-up with Five-Star but most of its lawmakers oppose the idea and believe the party should go into opposition after losing the election . It had governed Italy since 2013 .
Five-Star emerged as the biggest single party after last month 's vote in which populist and rightwing parties made the strongest gains .
No party or bloc is close to a majority in the hung parliament that resulted from the ballot although the conservative alliance won the biggest share of votes and has the largest bloc of seats .
The PD came a poor third after Five-Star and the centre-right but has the numbers in parliament to play kingmaker in a coalition government .
Sharp Memorial Hospital paid special tribute to its `` Living Kidney Donors '' Wednesday night .
More than 30 San Diegans who donated kidneys last year were honored with an appreciation dinner along with surgeons and other Sharp Memorial staff .
March 29 Teck Resources Ltd
* Teck Resources Ltd - steelmaking coal sales volumes for q2 of 2017 are expected to be at least 6.8 million tonnes
* Teck Resources Ltd - site costs in q2 are expected to be in range of $ 47 to $ 51 per tonne
* Teck Resources Ltd - Q1 average realized price is now expected to be between US $ 209 to US $ 212 per tonne , at higher end of our previous guidance range
* Teck Resources Ltd - site unit costs will be above our annual guidance range in Q1 , in range of $ 54 to $ 57 per tonne
* Teck Resources Ltd - reconfirm our previous annual production guidance of 27 to 28 million tonnes and annual site cost guidance of $ 46 to $ 50 per tonne
* Teck Resources Ltd - Q2 2017 quarterly contract price for steelmaking coal has not yet been agreed Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESAPEAKE , Va. -- The mother of 18-year-old Sabrina Mundorff said the May 19 crash that injured her daughter and killed her daughter 's friend is like a nightmare from which you can not awake .
`` It 's a thousand times worse than you can imagine , '' Debbie Leger told WTKR in her first interview since the crash . `` As much progress as she makes , she will never be what she was when she woke up on May 19 . ''
It was on that day , a delivery truck crashed into the SUV Sabrina 's friend Kaitlyn Duffy was driving .
Duffy was killed and Sabrina was seriously injured .
Mundorf spent months in the hospital . She is finally returning to her Chesapeake home two weeks ago .
`` She had to relearn how to do everything but she is walking and talking but there 's still definite issues and it 's a long , long road ahead , if not lifetime , '' Leger said .
It 's also a costly road to help get the former Great Bridge High School student back to 100 percent .
`` She wants to be normal and this is not normal , '' Leger said .
Delivery truck driver Jerode Johnson was charged with DUI .
Mundorf 's mother said she has not forgiven him for his role in the crash .
`` I see people who say they 've forgiven him . I do n't see how they do it . They 're bigger people than me , I guess , '' she said .
Johsnon has a preliminary hearing in Virginia Beach Friday morning . Leger said she will not attend .
Anyone interested in contributing to Mundorff 's recovery fund can click here .
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco , turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in , authorities and company officials said .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A luxurious seven-bed house in Claverton Down which comes with a hot tub and a kitchen for 14 people could become a student house .
Fieldgate in The Avenue , next to the University of Bath , is advertised for students who want to enjoy 'LUXURY LIVING ' – and can afford rent at £6,000 a month .
The owner , Richard Fisher , attracted criticism in November when the Chronicle revealed the property did not have the correct planning permission to be rented to students .
In Bath , landlords who want to change the use of their properties from family homes to Houses of Multiple Occupation , or HMOs as they are more widely known , require planning permission from Bath and North East Somerset Council .
( Image : Upad )
Some also require an HMO licence .
An HMO is a property rented to three or more individuals who are unrelated and share communal areas , such as a bathroom and kitchen .
The landlord does not need a licence but does need planning permission to change the property 's use , which he has now sought from Bath and North East Somerset Council .
A planning application to change the use of the property from a dwelling which would be occupied by a family to an HMO , was sent to the local authority on November 21 .
( Image : Upad )
The huge property is unlike a regular HMO - one bedroom comes with a balcony , there is a huge kitchen seating 14 people and a large garden perfect for “ playing badminton ” .
One of the bedrooms even comes with a balcony , not a common feature of university bedrooms .
There 's also a huge games barn with full-size table tennis and pool tables , plus a rowing machine .
Council planners are expected to make a decision before January 25 , 2018 .
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart ' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a `` smart '' insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage , the companies said on Wednesday .
EDINBURGH , April 28 The British government fears a different deal with the EUfor Scotland could disrupt trading between the United Kingdom 's four nations , a letter from Brexit minister David Davis published by the Scottish government said on Friday .
Scotland , which voted to stay in the EU at a June referendum , proposed a separate trade carve-out for itself in the Brexit talks and its first minister Nicola Sturgeon says the UK government has not taken the proposal seriously .
`` There are clear barriers to making your proposals a reality . Scotland 's accession to the ( European Free Trade Association ) and then the ( European Economic Area ) , would not be deliverable and , importantly , would require the consent of all EFTA and EU member states , '' Davis said in a photocopy of the letter dated March 29 and published on the devolved Scottish government 's website .
`` Any divergence between EU and UK law - as a result , perhaps , of new EU regulation - could lead to the creation of new barriers to trade within our Union , '' Davis wrote , adding that this could create potential `` significant disruption to the internal UK market . '' ( Reporting by Elisabeth O'Leary ; Editing by Elizabeth Piper )
Australian PM mocks Trump over `` Russian guy '' at media party
MELBOURNE , June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to his ties with Russia , according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event .
The nation 's favourite talent show is hitting the road once again on its search to find talented acts for the brand-new series .
This year the Britain 's Got Talent team is heading to Bath in their search for new talent .
If you think you 've got what it takes , now is the time to show what you 've got .
Auditions will be held at Milsom Place on Saturday October 14 from 12-4pm . Would-be stars will be able to show off their talents at units 12 and 13 at the shopping centre , on the upper level , opposite Hunter and Sons .
Successful acts will then be in with a chance of securing a place at one of the judges ' auditions in 2018 .
The show is open to any performer of any age , with any talent . All you need is a skill and star quality which you think will impress .
Series Producer , Charlie Irwin , said : “ Britain 's Got Talent 2017 was a fantastic year for talent full of variety - from runner-up Issy Simpson , one of the youngest magicians ever to audition , to the moving and inspiring Missing People Choir , lovable duo The Pensionalities and our incredible winner Tokio Myers .
“ Now , we ca n't wait to see what talent your town has to offer for the 2018 series .
“ Anyone can apply , there is no age limit and we are looking for all kinds of talents .
“ So if you feel you have something special to show us , no matter what it is , then make sure you apply , you never know where it might take you . ”
Since being crowned the winner of Britain 's Got Talent 2017 , Tokio Myers has co-produced the Artists for Grenfell charity single in support of The London Community Foundation and is currently working on his debut album .
Among the show 's successes , Susan Boyle has sold more than 23 million records worldwide , Diversity have sold-out six nationwide tours and multi-platinum selling artist Paul Potts has sold six million records worldwide .
Madison Margraves said she also was molested as a young gymnast competing at Twistars . She first went to Nassar because of a back injury in 2014 . She thanked the other accusers .
`` You showed me that I am not alone . You showed me that there is power in voice , '' she said , her voice cracking . `` And I will forever be grateful for that . ''
___
Katie Black , who was a gymnast , stood with her father and her coach . She first saw him for a lower back injury at age 11 .
`` He ruined my sport and my body and he ruined me . Larry was a master manipulator . ''
`` You did n't just hurt us . You hurt everybody who cares about us . Sometimes I think you hurt my dad more than me . ''
___
Brittney Schumann said Nassar molested her at age 11 when she attended her first national team training camp . She is now a practicing physician .
`` I 'm making this statement because by staying anonymous , how can I say that I 'm an advocate for women 's health and encourage my patients to be empowered if I ca n't do it for myself ? I 'm here today to say to Larry : You are a disgrace to our profession . How dare you say you were a good doctor or providing treatments . ''
___
Soccer player Erin Blayer said she 's starting seeing Nassar for excruciating back pain at age 12 .
She told him : `` I am here to move on and leave you in my past . ''
Blayer said one takeaway for her is that `` the bad guy never wins . ... My last tears have already been shed over you . ''
___
Jessica Thomashow , 17 , said Nassar molested her at ages 9 and 12 when she had rib displacement and a stress fracture in her ankle .
`` You took advantage of my innocence and trust . You were my doctor . Why ? I ask myself that question all the time . What you did to me was twisted . You manipulated me and my entire family . How dare you ? ''
She said at Twistars injured gymnasts were instructed to see Nassar , not their family doctor . She said she wanted to be a sports doctor , but the dream `` died '' after Nassar 's abuse .
___
Michigan State University student Katherine Ebert said she was a gymnast since the age of 5 and began seeing Nassar when she was 15 .
`` You are the most vile , disgusting creature I have ever met , '' she told him in court . `` There are black holes in my memory that come back as nightmares or flashbacks , not wanting to believe they 're true . ''
___
Annie Labrie was a full-time gymnast through adolescence . She travelled to Twistars gymnastics club , spending 25 hours a week there , not including the hour-and-a-half drive each way . Nassar was her doctor for five years . She said she saw him for a back injury and was treated at Twistars , Michigan State and the basement of his home .
She said his treatments `` made my skin crawl . I rejected my intuition anyway because every adult and authority figure around me assured me that this , that competing was the only option . ''
Labrie said she hid it from her parents , `` because in Larry 's words , 'They would n't understand . ' ''
`` A pedophile can not flourish in the way Larry did and in an environment that is not conducive to his behaviour . ... It is imperative we as a society do not view this as an isolated incident . ''
___
Tiffany Dutton said she was a competitive gymnast from a young age . She suffered back pain around age 12 or 13 and was referred to Nassar by coaches at age 14 . She said she was inspired to come forward publicly by the people who appeared at the earlier hearing where Nassar was sentenced last week .
`` On this day , I 've decided to fully relinquish my anonymity as a symbol to myself that there is absolutely nothing I have to be ashamed or afraid of , '' she said . `` Due to the bravery and courage of the many women who appeared in Ingham County to face our predator , I am no longer fearful . To all of them I will be ever grateful . ''
___
Eve Petrie said she competed at another gym in Lansing but saw Nassar for a back injury starting in late 2012 . She said he molested her from ages 12 to 15 .
`` One thing I never like myself being is a victim . I hate to feel as if I am to be pitied or felt sorry for , especially by those that I love . But I feel as if I can stand here today and say that I am not a victim of sexual abuse , but I am a survivor . ''
By The Associated Press
A national study says confusing and unnecessary best-before labels are a major cause of food waste in Canada .
The National Zero Waste Council says consumers are confused about what best-before labels actually mean .
It says most dates that appear on products refer only to peak quality and have little to do with whether the food is healthy to eat .
Research has found that almost 400 kilograms of food per person are lost or wasted in Canada every year — one of the highest totals in the world .
BRIDGEPORT , Conn. — Ben Holmstrom scored twice as the Bridgeport Sound Tigers downed the Belleville Senators 3-1 on Saturday in American Hockey League action .
Connor Jones also scored for the Sound Tigers ( 23-17-6 ) , who got a 24-save outing from Christopher Gibson .
Filip Chlapik scored the lone goal for the Senators ( 19-25-4 ) . Danny Taylor stopped 24-of-27 shots in defeat .
Bridgeport went 0 for 5 on the power play while Belleville scored once on two chances with the man advantage .
April 28 Alphabet Inc 's non-advertising business , which houses its cloud unit , Pixel smartphones and the Play store , has long been sandwiched between Google 's advertising juggernaut and its moonshot ventures that have captured popular imagination .
Not any more .
The business , categorized as `` Other Revenue '' in its earnings report , posted a 49.4 percent jump in revenue to $ 3.10 billion on Thursday - a sum already bigger than Twitter Inc 's annual revenue .
The business now represents about 13 percent of Alphabet 's total revenue , compared with 10 percent a year earlier .
That may not be a big jump but definitely shines a light on Google 's efforts to cut down its dependence on revenue from advertising , where it competes with Facebook Inc .
`` ( Google ) is doing a good job , a much better job in diversifying revenue than Facebook is , '' said analyst James Wang of ARK Investment Management . `` We think that is quite an impressive achievement . ''
Alphabet does not break out revenue contribution within the `` Other Revenue '' segment . But analysts have said that cloud is the most prominent among the category 's clutch of businesses .
To be sure , Google 's cloud venture is still much smaller than market leader Amazon.com Inc 's Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Corp 's Azure .
But Google is investing heavily .
`` In Q1 , our largest growth in headcount and capital expenditure was in cloud , '' Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai said on a call with analysts on Thursday .
Amazon 's cloud business grew 43 percent to $ 3.66 billion in the first quarter . Microsoft 's cloud unit grew 93 percent .
`` We believe Google will continue to gain traction in the cloud market , and when combined with Google Play and sales of Google 's hardware products , we see Google 's 'other ' revenue growing 38 percent to nearly $ 14 billion in 2017 , '' Morningstar analyst Ali Mogharabi wrote in a client note .
The company 's hardware business also started gaining traction after Google released a pair of high-profile hardware products last year - the Pixel phone and the Google Home , a smart speaker like Amazon 's Echo .
`` People are hankering for a really awesome Android phone that basically gives them the iPhone experience , '' Wang said , adding that the growth in Google 's `` other revenue '' bucket this quarter `` shows sustained momentum for the Pixel . ''
Still , the lion 's share of Alphabet 's revenue comes from ads and that 's not going to change any time soon .
Total advertising revenue increased 18.8 percent to $ 21.1 billion in the first quarter , the company reported on Thursday .
Profit also rose 29 percent to $ 5.43 billion , beating Wall Street estimates .
At least 10 brokerages raised their price targets on the stock after the earnings report .
Alphabet 's drive for diversification also includes its `` Other Bets '' business , considered the company 's loss-making arm .
The business , home to the Waymo self-driving car , Google Fiber and thermostat-maker Nest , posted a first-quarter loss of $ 855 million .
Google 's shares were up 4 percent in premarket trading on Friday . They have gained 12.5 percent this year .
( Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru and Julia Love in San Francisco ; Additional reporting by Geetha Panchaksharam ; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty )
NFL confirms Edelman must serve 4-game suspension
New England Patriots wide receiver Julian Edelman will miss the first four games of the 2018 season for violating NFL policy on performance-enhancing substances .
NFL officials confirmed Tuesday that Edelman would be suspended without pay for the Patriots ' first four regular-season games . ESPN had reported last month that Edelman was facing a four-game suspension .
Edelman , 32 , missed the 2017 season with a torn right anterior cruciate ligament . He had 98 receptions in 2016 , the third time in a four-year stretch that he caught over 90 passes .
Edelman will miss a home game against Houston , trips to Jacksonville and Detroit , plus a home game against Miami .
He will be eligible to return to the Patriots ' active roster on Oct. 1 , enabling him to make his 2018 debut Oct. 4 against Indianapolis .
___
More AP NFL : www.pro32.ap.org and http : //twitter.com/AP_NFL
( Reuters ) - Full-year trading at British online estate agent Purplebricks Group ( PURP.L ) remains in line with expectations , the company said on Friday after its share price was sent tumbling 7 percent on Thursday by a broker 's research note .
The company , which plans to enter the New York market in the second quarter of 2018 , also said it achieved 6,160 instructions in January , up 66 percent from last year . Its financial year ends in April .
Purplebricks said that Thursday 's 7.5 percent share price decline was attributable to the research note published by Jefferies International , with which it took issue .
The company said it did not agree with the findings of the Jefferies report and contested its estimation of Purplebricks ' completion rate .
April 3 New Age Beverages Corp :
* New Age Beverages Corporation acquires coco-libre
* New Age Beverages Corp - transaction includes a combination of cash and shares of common stock in new age beverages
* New Age Beverages Corp - specific terms of deal were not disclosed
* New Age Beverages Corp - as part of deal , team has identified more than $ 5 million in cost and revenue synergies to be gained over next 12 months
* New Age - in cost synergy area , group will realize more than $ 3 million in immediate savings in operating expenses , infrastructure convergence under deal Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Childhood as it was
What did your parents do that you would never let your children do ? A reader writes about her Kiwi kid rural upbringing : `` Dad would put my brother and I and usually the dog in the bucket of the front-end loader , lift it to maximum height above the tractor — maybe 3m and certainly tipping a bit backwards — then zoom around the orchard at top ( tractor ) speed , hitting every bump he could find while laughing almost as much as we were .
Then in our early teens , an old Triumph 2000 was written off by rust . He took the boot off and gave us the keys and a paddock . One of us would stand in the boot tray holding on to the roof while the other did doughnuts and fishtails . Eventually the boot got boring and we graduated to lying on the roof .
There were only two very important rules — no braking and no collisions ( eg , fence posts , trees ) . Both our parents worked full-time and ran a productive orchard so we got a lot of unsupervised time . We used it to do all sorts of cool but now terrifying stuff , like the time we turned our compressed air slug-guns into flamethrowers by tipping petrol down the barrel and firing from the hip over a lit stick held at arm 's length in the other hand . My kids are urban ( no tractors , no doughnut paddocks ) and will probably have their own kids before I let them walk to the dairy unsupervised . ''
Signs of grown-up-ness
`` I 've never had a pair of shoes professionally fitted in my life . However I 've recently developed joint issues and decided to stop buying cheap shoes and invest in one ( or two ) really good pairs from a store that was a bit more expensive .
Advertisement
All my current shoes were painful and just were n't cutting it . All typically bought by grabbing my size . I went to said pricier store and they did the whole walking , digital-mapping sorcery . Up pops a whole bunch of things I do n't understand ( arch height , ratios , colour coding ) , but one line I do get — 'size 6.5-7 ' . Like an idiot , I open my gob and correct her , 'No , I wear an 8 . '
Indulgent sales staff dutifully fetched an 8 and they fitted like all the other shoes I own . In my mind , just fine . However , the shoe lady poked the toe-end and proclaimed they were too big . Eh ? Cue her producing a size 7 ... and they fitted , perfectly . She asked me to put on my old shoes I came in with ( size 8s ) , and poked at them a bit , felt my toes , and informed me that a large contributing factor to my current shoes not being comfortable was because they do n't fit . '' ( Via reddit.com )
THE DEPARTMENT of Public Works and Highways ( DPWH ) has inked a deal with Japan International Cooperation Agency ( JICA ) for a feasibility study and master plan on flood control and drainage in Davao City . “ The project aims to enhance the river basin and improve drainage system in Davao City in accordance with JICA 's Environmental and Social Considerations , ” DPWH said in a statement released Tuesday , April 24 . The study is expected to be completed in 24 months , which will then be used for implementing projects that would address the flooding problem in the city . — Denise A. Valdez
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
People are scrambling for £20 notes in a Midlands shop car park after a cash machine raid .
£20 notes were being picked up outside the Spar store in Market Harborough after thieves raided an ATM in the early hours on Friday .
The raiders left the digger on the store car park , in Coventry Road , after smashing the side wall of the building housing the cash machine .
A police helicopter was sent out last night , in a bid to aid Leicestershire Police in their search of suspects .
The incident - the second of its kind this week - means the number of cashpoints in the Leicestershire county targeted by thieves in the last 18 months has reached a staggering 16 .
It follows a similar incident at a Co-op store in Countesthorpe earlier this week .
Footage of £20 notes being picked up outside the Spar store was captured this morning , reports the Leicester Mercury .
Forensic officers have been scouring the car park to find the discarded cash .
The forensic officers wearing gloves picked up £20 notes from the car park .
They put a plastic cone on the spot and a plastic marker with a number two next to it in the place where one of the notes was found .
The officers also recovered more £20 notes from the floor behind the Land Rover .
All notes were placed in evidence bags .
A Leicestershire Police spokesperson said : `` Damage was caused when a JCB telehandler was used to ram the machine and a number of cassettes were stolen .
`` Several people dressed in dark clothing and wearing face coverings were witnessed leaving the scene in a white car .
`` A dedicated team of officers is investigating the incident , viewing local CCTV footage and carrying out house to house enquiries as they piece together the circumstances surrounding the theft .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` Officers would like to speak to anyone who may have seen or heard anything during the early hours of this morning . ''
If you have any information about the incident or who was responsible , call the force on 101 .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democrats on the U.S. House Intelligence Committee slammed a controversial memo released by the panel 's Republicans on Friday , calling it a “ shameful effort to discredit ” the FBI , the Justice Department and a federal investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election .
“ The selective release and politicization of classified information sets a terrible precedent and will do long-term damage to the Intelligence Community and our law enforcement agencies , ” they said in a statement .
The Democrats said they hoped to release their own memo responding to the allegations on Feb. 5 .
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
Correction : Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at ' A- ' ; Outlook Stable
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) HONG KONG , June 14 ( Fitch ) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's immediate parent . Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's ( CUPI ) Insurer Financial Strength Rating ( IFS ) at ' A- ' ( Strong ) . The Outlook is Stable . KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI 's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co. ,
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON , June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel , a Democrat , to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated her late on Tuesday .
Feb 2 ( OPTA ) - summaries from the Super League matches on Friday Hull Kingston Rovers ( 0 ) 6 Tries : Clarkson ( 56 ) Goals : Shaw ( 57 ) Yellow cards : Marsh ( 11 ) Wakefield ( 18 ) 28 Tries : Johnstone ( 11,38,67 ) , Tupou ( 15 ) , Finn ( 22 ) , Hampshire ( 72 ) Goals : Finn ( 23,73 ) Referee : Chris Kendall Ground : KCOM Craven Park ......................................................................... Salford ( 6 ) 12 Tries : Welham ( 2 ) , Evalds ( 74 ) Goals : O'Brien ( 4,75 ) Yellow cards : Griffin ( 34 ) Wigan ( 10 ) 40 Tries : Davies ( 11 ) , Gildart ( 16,63 ) , Escare ( 42 ) , Marshall ( 56,61 ) , Clubb ( 67 ) Goals : Tomkins ( 17,44,57,62,64,68 ) Referee : Robert Hicks Ground : AJ Bell Stadium ......................................................................... St Helens ( 22 ) 46 Tries : Barba ( 3,65 ) , Taia ( 6,76 ) , Lomax ( 23 ) , Percival ( 26,55,79 ) Goals : Richardson ( 4,24,27,56,67,77,80 ) Yellow cards : Amor ( 58 ) Castleford ( 0 ) 6 Tries : McShane ( 59 ) Goals : Gale ( 60 ) Referee : James Child Ground : Totally Wicked Stadium .........................................................................
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says his cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
In warmer climates , Greenlandic deltas have grown
by Staff Writers
Boulder CO ( SPX ) Oct 06 , 2017
The study investigates changes to the deltas since the 1940s and up until today . In the period between 1940 and 1980 , the deltas did not change much , but as the climate became warmer , the deltas started to grow . The photo on the left shows a delta in West Greenland photographed in 1985 and on the right the same delta in 2010 . It clearly shows how the delta has been extended by several kilometres over this 25-year period . Image courtesy Left : Danish Energy Agency . Right : Google Earth .
Deltas are important ecosystems , where freshwater meets the sea , and where people for centuries have been engaged in agriculture and fishing . Today , most of the deltas in the world are drowning because of increased human exploitation and a rise in the global sea level . In an article just published in Nature , a research team led by researchers at the University of Copenhagen has shown that deltas in Greenland , unlike most other deltas , are growing .
The team of researchers included Mette Bendixen and Lars L. Iversen from the University of Copenhagen , University of Colorado Boulder postdoctoral researcher Katy Barnhart -- in the Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences -- and other Danish , American and Greenlandic scientists .
`` We examined 121 deltas by looking at historical aerial photos taken by the American army during the Second World War '' Bendixen said . `` We compared these with modern satellite photos . In this way , we have been able to track changes in the Greenland deltas and see what has happened over the last 75 years . ''
The growing deltas are affecting the infrastructure in Greenland with major consequences for both fishing and tourism . The results from the study have altered our previous understanding of how the Arctic coast reacts to climate change .
`` Our study shows how climate change affects environmental processes in the Arctic landscape . As a consequence of the warmer temperatures , more sediment is transported out to the coast . At the same time , the open-water period has been extended , and the material is therefore deposited in the deltas . And in this way , the deltas are growing , '' says Associate Professor Aart Kroon .
`` Large parts of the Arctic coasts are being eroded , but in Greenland , we see the opposite happening . The study shows that climate change in the Arctic affects the coasts in a different way to what we have seen so far , '' said Bendixen .
Potsdam , Germany ( SPX ) Sep 25 , 2017
When the strong winds that circle the Arctic slacken , cold polar air can escape and cause extreme winter chills in parts of the Northern hemisphere . A new study finds that these weak states have become more persistent over the past four decades and can be linked to cold winters in Russia and Europe . It is the first to show that changes in winds high up in the stratosphere substantially con ... read more
Related Links
FULLERTON , Calif. — Tommy Rutherford scored 17 points on 7-of-9 shooting and Evan Leonard had 14 points , six rebounds , seven assists and two steals on Saturday night to help UC Irvine beat Cal State Fullerton 63-58 .
Eyassu Worku added 12 points for UC Irvine ( 11-14 , 6-3 Big West ) . The Anteaters have won three in a row and five of their last six .
Kyle Allman made a layup , a jumper and hit 1-of-2 free throws and , after Worku made two foul shots , Austen Awosika converted a 3-point play to pull Fullerton ( 12-8 , 5-3 ) within five points with 54 seconds to play . Worku hit two more free throws to make it 57-50 , but Awosika and Allman sandwiched 3-pointers around a pair of free throws by Leonard to trim the deficit to 59-56 with 29 seconds left . UCI made 4 of 6 free throws , and the Titans missed 3 of 4 from the field , from there to seal it .
Allman led CS Fullerton with 20 points and Awosika added 16 .
Greece set to get cash to pay bills , but debt relief elusive
LUXEMBOURG , June 15 Greece 's international lenders are expected to agree on Thursday to unblock as much as 8 billion euros in loans that Athens desperately needs to next month to pay its bills , but to leave the contentious issue of debt relief for later .
FILE PHOTO : An employee checks aluminium ingots for export at the Qingdao Port , Shandong province March 14 , 2010 . REUTERS/Stringer/File Photo
LONDON Representatives of the U.S. aluminum industry are speaking to EU counterparts and have written to British Prime Minister Theresa May urging action against what they say are `` massive illegal subsidies '' in China that threaten Western jobs .
Trade lawyers and some governments accuse China of unfairly subsidizing major industries in breach of the rules of the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) , which it joined in 2001 .
Following European and U.S. action to protect their steel industries from China , the U.S. this year has shifted the focus to aluminum .
It has lodged a complaint with the WTO and launched an investigation into whether Chinese imports compromise national security .
`` The WTO and U.S. and European leaders must act quickly to ensure a fair playing field , '' Michael Bless , CEO of Century Aluminum Company ( CENX.O ) , told a news conference in London on Wednesday .
China says it supports the work of the WTO .
The aluminum industry , represented by the China Trade Taskforce , has written to May urging her `` to actively engage with the WTO on this matter and press for action '' .
`` A strong WTO that acts swiftly in situations such as this will be a vital part of securing Britain 's post-Brexit future , '' the letter seen by Reuters said .
The prime minister 's office had no immediate comment .
The industry leaders said they were also speaking to Brussels officials and to the Russian sector , which has floated the idea of an OPEC-style body for the aluminum industry .
Bless said he could not endorse that , but it was an `` acknowledgement of the severity of the issue '' .
When China , the biggest aluminum consumer , joined the WTO it represented just over 10 percent of aluminum production worldwide , the China Trade Taskforce said .
Now it is the world leader , accounting for more than 50 percent of global output and China 's Hongqiao ( 1378.HK ) has overtaken Russia 's Rusal ( 0486.HK ) as the biggest producer , while the U.S. and European sectors have shrunk .
Industry body European Aluminium said the number of primary European aluminum smelters fell by nearly 40 percent between 2002 and 2015 .
Trade lawyers say the ascendancy of China 's aluminum sector defies commercial logic as it faces higher bills for energy - the biggest input cost - than the U.S. and Europe .
`` China has no natural advantages other than illegal state support , '' Alan Price of Washington law firm Wiley Rein said .
Century Aluminum , which is majority-owned by Glencore ( GLEN.L ) , reported a first-quarter net loss.Part of the justification for the U.S. investigation into whether Chinese aluminum is a threat is that Century 's smelter in Kentucky is the only producer of high-purity aluminum required for U.S. combat aircraft .
In Europe , the main concern is how to maintain smelting capacity as part of a strong value chain , creating thousands of indirect jobs , rather than security , European Aluminium said in an email .
EU trade ministers , meeting in Brussels next week , are expected to discuss new rules on dealing with anti-dumping , which are likely to have most impact on Chinese imports .
( additional reporting by Philip Blenkinsop in Brussels ; editing by Susan Thomas )
April 12 U.S. stocks opened slightly lower on Wednesday amid lingering fears of geopolitical risks and as investors prepared for the first rush of corporate earnings on Thursday .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 20.84 points , or 0.1 percent , at 20,630.46 , the S & P 500 was down 2.93 points , or 0.12 percent , at 2,350.85 and the Nasdaq composite was down 2.88 points , or 0.05 percent , at 5,863.89 . ( Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila )
BERLIN A Canadian gold coin named `` Big Maple Leaf '' which bears the image of Queen Elizabeth II was stolen in the early hours of Monday morning from Berlin 's Bode Museum .
The coin is made out of pure gold , weighs about 100 kilos and has a face value of around $ 1 million ( 794,344 pounds ) .
`` The coin was stolen last night , it 's gone , '' museum spokesman Markus Farr said .
Given the high purity of the gold used in the coin , its material value is estimated to be $ 4 million .
The museum said on its website that the coin was issued by the Royal Canadian Mint in 2007 and that it was featured in the Guinness Book of Records for its `` unmatched '' degree of purity .
The coin , with a diameter of 53 centimetres and 3 centimetres thick , was loaned to the Bode Museum in December 2010 .
Police said it was probably stolen by a group of thieves who entered the museum undetected through a window , possibly with the help of a ladder .
`` Based on the information we have so far we believe that the thief , maybe thieves , broke open a window in the back of the museum next to the railway tracks , '' police spokesman Winfrid Wenzel said . `` They then managed to enter the building and went to the coin exhibition .
`` The coin was secured with bullet-proof glass inside the building . That much I can say , '' Wenzel added .
`` Neither I nor the Bode Museum can go into detail regarding personnel inside the building , the alarm system or security installations . ''
The Bode Museum has one of the world 's largest coin collections with more than 540,000 items .
( $ 1 = 0.9181 euros )
( Reporting by Michael Nienaber , editing by Ed Osmond )
UPDATE 1-South Africa 's Vodacom names Moleketi as chairman
JOHANNESBURG , June 15 South Africa 's Vodacom Group said on Thursday it has appointed non-executive director Jabu Moleketi to succeed Peter Moyo as the mobile phone network operator 's next chairman .
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges , UK court told
LONDON , June 13 Vijay Mallya , the co-owner of Formula One team Force India , could face further charges and a second request to extradite him from Britain to India , a London court heard on Tuesday .
From Bloomberg View :
Political dysfunction is unquestionably aggravating the U.K. 's Brexit nightmare . But the resignation of Prime Minister Theresa May , as some in her own party are calling for , would only make matters worse .
The Tories will never agree about the European Union . What they need to do is get their divisions under some kind of control .
At the moment , the increasingly assertive anti-EU wing of the party is making the country ungovernable . When Philip Hammond , chancellor of the exchequer , said the U.K. needed trading arrangements with the EU as close as possible to today 's — a goal that should be uncontroversial — the party 's Euro-skeptics reacted with fury . They also denounce the idea of a transitional deal that leaves most of Britain 's obligations in place until a final agreement can be reached , claiming this would make Britain a `` vassal state . ''
This is nonsense . It 's true , of course , that a transitional deal that subjects the U.K. to EU rules while denying the country any say in what they are is a bad outcome — but it 's the temporary price to be paid for an orderly exit . More than anybody else , Brexit 's most committed supporters should be happy to pay that price . Militating for a disorderly exit , which is what their current stance amounts to , risks further economic damage and undermines their cause .
Indeed , those who regret the Brexit decision might be tempted to cheer the most reckless Euro-skeptics on . This faction might think , not unreasonably , that if the Tory rebels make it impossible for May to reach agreement with the EU , the whole Brexit project might collapse .
If only . Bringing order out of anarchy is n't so easy . The enormous further uncertainty of a leadership contest , perhaps a general election ( leading to who knows what ) , and maybe even a second referendum ( no more likely to establish consensus than the first ) would only add to the crippling burden of uncertainty holding the U.K. economy back .
The sad truth is that a bitterly divided country , dealing with an increasingly exasperated EU , can not make the problems it has created for itself go away by means of outright political breakdown .
May has failed to articulate and defend a vision of Britain 's post-Brexit future . Her political position is weak , thanks partly to the self-inflicted blow of last year 's botched general election . That said , any Tory leader would struggle with Brexit , with so much of the parliamentary Conservative party intent on failure .
Yes , May needs to get a grip — but above all her party needs to start acting with some particle of intelligence and self-control . If that does n't happen , Brexit and its collateral damage will be an even bigger disaster than its critics predict .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
With Canada facing a national opioid crisis and Red Deer alone having had the highest fentanyl related deaths in Alberta last year , it 's sparked the interest of one particular group to open up a supervised consumption site in the City .
Turning Point Society was designated as project lead , and a Red Deer Coalition on the opioid crisis was formed to undertake a needs assessment for the consumption service in Red Deer , which was recently completed and found that the City does in fact need one .
They submitted the final report to the province at the end of September and are now waiting to hear back as to whether or not one will be approved for Red Deer .
“ It went to our provincial coordinating body of all the harm reduction organizations in the province , and they 're going to roll out that data to a provincial context , ” said Stacey Carmichael , executive director at Turning Point .
Carmichael said they are hoping to hear back from the province by the end of October as to whether or not they feel that Red Deer needs a supervised consumption service .
“ I 'm making as assumption they 'll allocate some money for us to do that work , but before we can even take that step we 're going to need to apply for federal exemption through Health Canada , ” she said .
She said although they have n't identified a particular location for the site , their data shows that Turning Point will be the organization that would operate the site .
In terms of feedback from the community , she said they 've received lots of support .
“ Lots of people support the concept for a variety of reasons , because they care about people who use drugs and they see it as a step in a continuum of addiction care , and the fact that it will save people 's lives while we wait for things like treatment and that type of thing . ”
She said there are also lots of people who do n't support the service because they feel it may be enabling folks , but she believes they have the opportunity to talk about it and educate the community on the concept .
“ Perhaps we might be able to garner more support from those guys , ” she said , adding that it might be hard for some people to wrap their heads around .
She said she hears lots of people talking about treatment options and that people should just receive treatment .
“ Well that 's not necessarily going to work for everybody , ” she said .
In the meantime they will wait to see what the province has to say , and then will begin preparing to send their federal exemption application , which will include more community consultation .
“ We would need to go back into the community and start talking about locations . ”
She said from the previous consultations they 've held , has provided some good information from citizens . She said Turning Point has lots of desire to talk to folks if they want to learn more or have any questions about harm reduction in general .
carlie.connolly @ reddeerexpress.com
Like us on facebook at https : //www.facebook.com/RedDeerExpress/ and follow us on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/RedDeerExpress .
April 5 Mimaki Engineering Co Ltd
* Says it repurchased 100,000 shares for 66.6 million yen in total from March 1 to March 31
* Says this was part of the share repurchase plan announced on June 10 , 2016
* Says it accumulatively repurchased 320,000 shares for 181.3 million yen in total as of March 31
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/tVzX5q
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
A girl helps herself to a buffet at a fast food restaurant in Harlem in New York December 16 , 2009 . REUTERS/Finbarr O'Reilly
( Reuters Health ) - - People were less likely to go to the hospital with heart attacks or strokes after several counties in New York State restricted the use of trans fats , according to a new study .
Trans fats raise bad cholesterol , lower good cholesterol and ultimately increase the risk of heart attacks and strokes . They 're found naturally in some foods but are often manufactured and added to processed foods to improve taste and texture .
`` New York City was progressive and they enacted restrictions on trans fats , but no one looked to see if this made measurable changes to outcomes , '' said study lead author Dr. Eric Brandt , of Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut .
New York City limited the use of trans fats starting in July 2007 . The restrictions applied to food purchased outside of stores , such as at restaurants , street vendors and bakeries , in the city 's five counties . Other New York counties took similar actions after New York City 's measure was enacted .
Previous research found that death from cardiovascular disease declined 4.5 percent within a year after counties enacted trans fat restrictions , the researchers write in JAMA Cardiology . No study looked at non-fatal cardiovascular issues like hospitalizations due to heart attacks and strokes , however .
For the new study , the researchers compared data on people hospitalized between 2002 and 2013 for heart attacks or strokes in counties that did or did n't restrict trans fats .
Altogether they had data on 3.3 million people in 25 counties without trans fat restrictions and 8.4 million people in 11 counties with restrictions .
In 2006 , there were 753 hospital admissions for heart attack or stroke per 100,000 people in counties that never enacted restrictions compared to 726 per 100,000 people in counties that put restrictions in place .
While admissions for heart attacks and strokes fell after 2002 in all the counties , the drop was more substantial in those that enacted trans fat restrictions , the authors found .
After three years or more , the combined rate of hospitalizations for heart attacks or strokes was about 6 percent lower in the counties with trans fat regulations .
Admissions for heart attacks were nearly 8 percent lower in counties with restrictions . Similarly , admissions for strokes were about 4 percent lower in counties with restrictions , but that finding could be due to chance .
Brandt told Reuters Health that New York City was also pushing other public health initiatives around the same time . Those included clean air initiatives and showing calorie counts on restaurant menus .
When they removed New York City data to make sure those other factors were n't driving the findings , the pattern did n't change .
`` We still found the same thing , '' Brandt said .
Still , the study ca n't say the trans fat restrictions caused fewer admissions in those counties .
Brandt and colleagues write that in 2015 , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) removed manufactured trans fats from its list of safe food additives . By 2018 , those fats will be nearly eliminated from American diets , they add .
`` There has been a lot of looking into whether trans fats are harmful , '' said Brandt . `` Here we find on a population level when we restrict them , it benefits society by reducing heart attacks and strokes . ''
The findings suggest the FDA 's action will lead to health benefits across the country , he added .
SOURCE : bit.ly/2otJ6gK JAMA Cardiology , online April 12 , 2017 .
Winning numbers drawn in 'Quick Draw Midday ' game
INDIANAPOLIS ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday afternoon 's drawing of the Indiana Lottery 's `` Quick Draw Midday '' game were :
02-09-10-11-12-13-26-32-34-36-43-46-50-54-55-62-65-72-76-78 , BE : 50
( two , nine , ten , eleven , twelve , thirteen , twenty-six , thirty-two , thirty-four , thirty-six , forty-three , forty-six , fifty , fifty-four , fifty-five , sixty-two , sixty-five , seventy-two , seventy-six , seventy-eight ; BE : fifty )
ESSEX COUNTY , Va. — A Virginia man killed in a weekend crash was remembered by family members for his infectious smile .
Christopher P. Ball , 37 , of Champlain , died Saturday night when his pick-up truck ran off the road and overturned . Investigators said alcohol and speed were believed to be factors in the crash .
“ A 2008 GMC Sierra pick-up truck was traveling northbound on Tidewater Trail near Dangerfield Road when the vehicle ran off the right side of the road , struck a culvert and overturned , ” a Virginia State Police spokesperson said . “ Taylor Shackleford , age 21 , was the only passenger in the vehicle . He was transported to Riverside Tappahannock Hospital for treatment of minor injuries and later released . ”
Police were notified about the crash at about 11:05 p.m. on Saturday .
The crash remained under investigation , police said .
“ Chris knew no strangers . His smile was infectious and he was always the life of the party , ” family members wrote in his obituary . “ Chris was happiest when he was on his beloved Rappahannock River spending time with his always growing circle of friends . ”
A funeral service is scheduled for Wednesday morning in Tappahannock .
The city will remain tight-lipped on the identity of the developer it is recommending to build a new waterfront community on Pier 8 until councillors seal the deal .
The city released plans in April from four consortiums bidding to build about 1,500 residential condos , as well as commercial buildings and green space , on the vacant pier lands beside the recreational west harbour .
Residents were able to comment on all four harbour-transforming proposals in April . But they wo n't be allowed to see or weigh in on the recommended bid until after city councillors approve it . The confidential recommendation will be considered at a June 6 meeting .
That 's disappointing to residents invested in the future of the harbourfront — not to mention the fate of the nearby city-owned Discovery Centre , said community activist Graham Crawford .
`` I think it 's incumbent on council to let the public know what staff is recommending — and why — before a vote is cast , '' he said . `` After the fact , there is nothing we can do about it . ''
Crawford said allowing the public a chance to see the city 's rationale or offer opinions to councillors ahead of the vote is `` just basic respect for the democratic process . ''
He added that he is also worried about the fate of the nearby Discovery Centre , which council voted in January to look at offering up for sale as part of the larger Pier 8 redevelopment .
`` My concern is that part of the deal is already cooked , '' said Crawford , who spearheaded a campaign calling on the city to hold on to the former museum and restaurant .
City waterfront point person Chris Phillips said the future of the Discovery Centre is not included in the city recommendation going to councillors June 6 . Instead , he said staff will bring a separate report on the building to council this summer , after a related June 4 public meeting organized at the request of residents .
Phillips said city staff made `` a prudent decision to ensure the confidentiality of the recommended proponent '' ahead of the council vote because the RFP process is not complete until a preferred bidder is confirmed . He said the project 's `` fairness monitor '' signed off on the decision .
ATLANTA — The 21-year-old Georgia college student seen on cell phone video being beaten by two Georgia police officers says he thought he was going to die during the traffic stop on April 12 .
Demetrius Hollins was pulled over on a busy suburban Atlanta road by Gwinnett County Police Sgt . Michael Bongiovanni for not having a license plate , according to the police report .
Hollins said the license plate was in the rear window .
He also said he recognized Bongiovanni from an August 2016 traffic stop .
“ That 's when I reached over to get my phone , ” Hollins told CNN on Monday .
“ [ Bongiovanni ] started yelling at me and saying that I 'm not going to get video of this , ‘ You 're not going to make any phone calls , nobody is going to know about this , ' ” Hollins said .
Hollins said Bongiovanni ordered him to get out of the car . Cell phone video recorded by a witness and posted on social media shows Hollins getting out of the car with his hands up .
“ I tried to let him know I did n't have anything where I could hurt him and , of course , me getting out with my hands up , that means basically I 'm surrendering , ” Hollins said .
Bongiovanni wrote in the police report that Hollins resisted arrest : “ Hollins refused to place his hands behind his back , spun around and began to actively resist arrest by bending at the waist and trying to push me away . ”
The cell phone video does not show Hollins attempting to push Bongiovanni .
Seconds later , the video shows Bongiovanni strike Hollins in the face with his elbow .
There is no mention of the strike in the police report .
“ This sergeant , in his report , tried to portray Demetrius as some type of criminal he had to defend himself against , but really it 's the exact opposite , ” Hollins 's attorney Justin Miller said .
Second officer on the scene
“ After I got my hands up and he hit me , that 's when he stepped back and tased me in the back , ” Hollins said . “ I fell to the ground and then that 's when it stopped . The Taser stopped and that 's when he just did it again , ” Hollins said .
As he lay on the asphalt , Hollins said he had one goal : Do n't move .
“ He put me in handcuffs and I thought the whole ordeal was just over with and that 's when I have seen another officer come out of nowhere and straight drop-kick me in the face ; just stomp on my face , ” Hollins said .
A second video posted to social media shows Gwinnett County Police Officer Robert McDonald kicking Hollins .
The Gwinnett County Police Department fired both officers on Thursday .
“ The revelations uncovered in this entire investigation are shocking . We are fortunate that this second video was found and we were able to move swiftly to terminate a supervisor who lied and stepped outside of his training and state law , ” the department said in a press release .
A previous incident
Wednesday 's traffic stop was not the first encounter for Hollins , Bongiovanni and McDonald . Bongiovanni pulled Hollins over in the same car and near the same intersection several months ago . According to Bongiovanni 's August 2016 report , Hollins was pulled over for a broken tail light . The sergeant said he smelled marijuana and found a loaded gun , a scale with “ green leafy material ” on it and a bottle with a fake compartment with green , leafy material inside .
The Gwinnett County Solicitor-General has dismissed that case against Hollins along with 88 other cases in which Bongiovanni and McDonald were the principal officers or necessary witnesses .
“ The actions of these officers completely undermine their credibility and they can not be relied upon as witnesses in any pending prosecution , ” the Solicitor-General 's office said in a news release Friday .
A criminal investigation has been launched into each officer .
“ These are crimes . It 's not something that you do in the line of duty . They are above and beyond the scope of what a police officer should be doing , ” Miller said . “ If these officers saw Demetrius do what they did to him to someone else , they would immediately put him in jail and he 'd be tried and convicted — so , we want the same thing to happen to them , ” Miller added .
Mike Puglise , an attorney for Bongiovanni , did not address the case specifically in an email response to questions from CNN . He said his client “ served the citizens of Gwinnett County with honor and distinction . His efforts have been a reflection of his foremost desire to keep this community and its citizens safe . ”
According to Puglise , McDonald does not yet have an attorney . CNN has been unable to contact McDonald .
The Suns ' only lead was 2-0 .
Utah scored 14 straight points to go up 24-8 before Bender came off the bench for eight first-quarter points and Phoenix finished the first quarter with a 12-2 run to cut the lead to 28-23 .
The Suns never got any closer . Mitchell sank a 3-pointer , was fouled by Booker , and made the free throw for a four-point play , igniting a 12-0 run that put Utah up 53-33 on Rubio 's 3 .
The Jazz led 62-40 at the half . They were up by 36 during the third quarter and 41 in the fourth .
It was the most one-sided loss for Phoenix since Jay Triano took over as interim coach three games into the season . He lamented the inconsistency of his team , which was coming off a home win over Dallas .
`` It 's probably the sign of a young basketball team , but it 's disappointing to me , '' Triano said . `` I 'd like to think we make steps and we start moving in the right direction and then we take a step back . ''
MIGHTY MITCHELL
Mitchell is the seventh active player to score 40 as a rookie , and now he 's done it twice . He scored 41 in a win over the New Orleans Pelicans on Dec. 1 . The other six are LeBron James , Carmelo Anthony , Kevin Durant , Eric Gordon , Steph Curry and Blake Griffin .
Mitchell said this was better than his 41-point game because the team played better .
`` My biggest thing is I was just relaxed and settled down , '' he said . `` When I come into games relaxed and kind of calm , that 's when I start to figure out things . ''
TIP-IN
Jazz : Mitchell will participate in the Rising Stars Challenge and the Skills Challenge on All-Star weekend . ... Rubio has five career triple-doubles , none with Utah . ... Utah 's largest margin of victory this season was 47 points against Washington on Dec. 4 .
Suns : Booker was 2 for 2 at the foul line to break the franchise record for consecutive free throws made in a season at 58 . Kevin Johnson ( 1989-90 ) and Mike Bratz ( 1980 ) shared the previous record of 57 . ... T.J. Warren matched his season low with four points . ... Suns signed guard Josh Gray to a 10-day contract . Gray had been with the Northern Arizona Suns of the G-League . He scored seven points , all in the fourth quarter , in his NBA debut . ... Center Alex Len ( right ankle soreness ) did not play for the second straight game and has missed five of the last six .
UP NEXT
Jazz : at San Antonio Spurs Saturday night .
Suns : Host Charlotte Hornets on Sunday .
___
More AP basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Bob Baum , The Associated Press
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN , June 14 Germany 's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution , a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step .
Ambuja Cements Ltd. , one of the leading cement manufacturers in India , has rolled out yet another compelling television commercial ( TVC ) that imbibes its iconic message of ‘ Unbreakable Strength ' .
In the past , Ambuja Cement 's commercials that featured the ‘ unbreakable wall ' and ‘ strength ' have been memorable .
In fact , the latest 30-second commercial by the Company 's new advertising agency , Triton Communications , takes the proposition forward with a delightful twist while reiterating its core message of strength .
The commercial , which is quite subtle in its humour but still drives home the key message very well , is being aired from February 1 onwards on national TV channels and can be watched during the ongoing India-South Africa cricket matches .
Ambuja Cement MD & CEO Ajay Kapur said , “ So far , all our advertisements have had a positive impact on our audience which is why they are relevant even today . ”
“ The commercial has been executed flawlessly and it perfectly reflects our brand building strategy . 2018 will be a promising year for the cement industry and this advertisement will further help us strengthen our position in the market , ” Mr Kapur added .
Ambuja Cement 's ads are known for their tongue-in-cheek humour and are still recalled by the audience . In the past , The Great Khali and the Bhai-Bhai commercials have conveyed the message of strength quite well and also won several awards for the brand .
Do watch the commercial : https : //youtu.be/mQz1XFs_H2A
Father finds son shot to death outside their home
BROOKHAVEN , N.Y. ( AP ) — A New York man says he found his 17-year-old son shot to death in front of their Long Island home .
Police say they were called to the scene of the shooting in Brookhaven around 3:30 a.m. Tuesday .
Jose Sanchez told police he had been calling his son Emilio Sanchez Maldonado for several hours with no response , so he left work to find him .
Jose Sanchez says he found his son dead next to his bicycle in front of their home . Another woman who lives on a separate floor says she thought the sounds of the shooting were fireworks .
The boy 's death is under investigation .
A central pillar of Rep. Devin Nunes ' memo alleging wrongdoing by the FBI — that the government did not disclose the political bias of a source when seeking a surveillance warrant — is unfounded , House Intelligence Committee ranking member Adam Schiff told reporters Friday .
The memo , which President Donald Trump declassified on Friday , alleges the FBI abused its authority in applying for a FISA warrant to conduct surveillance on former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page . It claims that ex-British intelligence officer Christopher Steele , who authored a disputed opposition research dossier on Trump that was used in the FISA warrant application , harbored anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations — including that research that went into the dossier was funded in part by Hillary Clinton 's campaign and the Democratic National Committee .
But the memo alleges that those motivations were not included in the FISA application , and that senior Justice Department officials knew about Steele 's anti-Trump bias .
“ Neither the initial application in October 2016 , nor any of the renewals , disclose or reference the role of the DNC , Clinton campaign , or any party/campaign in funding Steele 's efforts , even though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior and FBI officials , ” the memo alleges .
Schiff disputed the memo 's assertion as “ not accurate , ” saying the court was aware that there was a “ likely political motivation ” behind the Steele dossier . The California Democrat also said it is normal in FISA applications not to name individuals who may be sources of information .
The Washington Post , New York Times and Wall Street Journal reported after the memo 's release that the FISA court was aware of political motivations behind the dossier .
According to an official cited in the Post on Friday , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the matter 's sensitivity , the Justice Department presented “ ample disclosure of relevant , material facts , ” to the FISA court , including that “ the research was being paid for by a political entity . ”
The New York Times also reported Friday that the FISA court was told about political motivations behind the dossier . A Democratic memo written to rebut the allegations in Nunes ' document said the FBI did , in fact , tell the court that the information in the Steele dossier was politically motivated , even if the bureau did n't mention that research that went into the dossier was paid for by Democrats , the Times reported , citing two people familiar with the Democratic memo .
The Wall Street Journal further reported that , according to a person familiar with the matter , the FISA application disclosed that Steele was paid by a law firm working for a major political party ,
Steve Vladeck , a CNN legal analyst and professor at the University of Texas School of Law , tweeted Saturday that the news reports served as “ proof that the # mehmo deliberately misrepresented the record to make the # FISA application look shadier than it was ” and called the revelations “ ( f ) atal to the memo 's entire premise . ”
“ I do n't find these reports at all surprising , because it would 've been the responsible thing for the government to say , especially if , as appears to be the case , there was a lot of additional evidence not derived from the dossier that was part of the underlying application , ” Vladeck later said in an email . “ It all just further undermines not just the specific conclusions of the Nunes memo , but the larger point it 's being invoked by the President and his supporters to make . ”
The Nunes memo — the most explicit Republican effort yet to discredit the FBI 's investigation into Trump and Russia — has drawn criticism from Democrats as well as some Republicans , who say it is politically motivated , and also from the FBI , which warned it omitted key facts that could affect its veracity .
There are currently multiple investigations looking into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia during the 2016 election , including a probe by the House Intelligence Committee , on which Nunes serves as chairman .
On Saturday morning , Trump tweeted about Nunes ' memo , saying it “ totally vindicates ” him , and called the Russia investigation “ an American disgrace ! ”
“ This memo totally vindicates ‘ Trump ' in probe , ” Trump wrote . “ But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction ( the word now used because , after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING , collusion is dead ) . This is an American disgrace ! ”
LONDON — Maria Sharapova suffered her first opening round Wimbledon defeat and earliest Grand Slam exit in eight years on Tuesday when she was shocked by fellow Russian Vitalia Diatchenko , the world no . 132 .
Sharapova , the 2004 champion , was joined at the exit by 2011 and 2014 winner Petra Kvitova who was stunned by Belarusian world no . 50 Aliaksandra Sasnovich .
However , two-time men 's champion Rafael Nadal and three-time winner Novak Djokovic eased into the second round .
Sharapova was cruising to victory at one stage on Court Two with a set and 5-2 lead before qualifier Diatchenko shrugged off a back injury to win 6-7 ( 3/7 ) , 7-6 ( 7/3 ) , 6-4 after more than three hours of tense action .
Sharapova , playing Wimbledon for the first time in three years after missing 2016 through a drugs ban and 2017 due to injury , gave up the match on her 11th double fault .
It was her earliest exit at a Slam since a first round defeat at the 2010 Australian Open .
Eighth seed Kvitova was the bookmakers ' favorite for a third Wimbledon crown after winning five titles in 2018 , including the grass-court tournament at Birmingham last weekend , while amassing an WTA Tour-leading 38 match victories .
But she slumped to a disappointing 6-4 , 4-6 , 6-0 loss to Sasnovich .
Kvitova is the fourth top 10 women 's seed to lose in the first round .
Number four Sloane Stephens and fifth-seeded Elina Svitolina were eliminated on Monday .
France 's Caroline Garcia , seeded six , was also beaten Tuesday , going down 7-6 ( 7/2 ) , 6-3 to Switzerland 's Belinda Bencic .
World no . 1 Nadal breezed into the second round with a 6-3 , 6-3 , 6-2 win over Israel 's Dudi Sela as the Spaniard returned to action for the first time since claiming his 11th French Open title .
Nadal , the 17-time major winner , has not got past the fourth round since finishing runner-up to Novak Djokovic in 2011 .
Djokovic reached the second round with a 6-3 , 6-1 , 6-2 win over Tennys Sandgren of the United States .
After sixth seed Grigor Dimitrov was sent packing on Monday , it was the turn of French Open runner-up Dominic Thiem and Belgium 's David Goffin to pack their bags .
Austrian seventh seed Thiem retired with a back injury against Cypriot veteran Marcos Baghdatis , trailing 6-4 , 7-5 , 2-0 .
Goffin , the 10th seed , slumped to a 6-4 , 6-3 , 6-4 loss to Australia 's Matthew Ebden .
Argentine fifth seed Juan Martin del Potro made it nine first round wins in nine appearances at the tournament , easing past Germany 's Peter Gojowczyk 6-3 , 6-4 , 6-3 .
Del Potro , who made the semifinals in 2013 , next faces Feliciano Lopez of Spain who on Tuesday set a record of playing 66 consecutive Grand Slams when he eased past Federico Delbonis of Argentina 6-3 , 6-4 , 6-2 .
The 36-year-old broke the record for straight Slams which was previously held by Roger Federer .
German fourth seed Alexander Zverev beat world no . 748 James Duckworth of Australia 7-5 , 6-2 , 6-0 .
World no . 1 Simona Halep started her challenge for a first Wimbledon title with a 6-2 , 6-4 win over Japan 's Kurumi Nara .
Halep has arrived at the England Club on a high after finally winning her maiden Grand Slam crown at the French Open last month .
Spain 's Garbine Muguruza opened her title defense with a 6-2 , 7-5 win over British wild card Naomi Broady .
Australia 's Nick Kyrgios , who famously stunned Nadal at the tournament in 2014 , marked his 50th match at the majors with a 7-6 ( 7/3 ) , 7-6 ( 7/4 ) , 6-7 ( 5/7 ) , 6-3 win over Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan .
Kyrgios , seeded 15 , hammered down 42 aces and unleashed 78 winners . — AFP
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Guangzhou Automobile Group Co Ltd :
* JAN SALES VOLUME FOR VEHICLES 210,151 UNITS VERSUS 167,968 UNITS A YEAR AGO‍​
* JAN TOTAL PRODUCTION VOLUME FOR VEHICLES TOTAL 186,438 UNITS Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Roseanne Barr has slammed her co-stars for `` throwing '' her `` under the bus '' amid the cancellation of her sitcom .
The 65-year-old TV star had her eponymously titled sitcom 'Roseanne ' cancelled this week after she took to Twitter to make racist comments toward former White House aide Valarie Jarret , whom she likened to an ape and accused her of supporting the Muslim Brotherhood political party .
And after her co-stars also took to social media to hit out at the star for her behaviour after their show was cancelled , she has now fired back with comments of her own .
In response to Sara Gilbert 's tweet - in which she labelled Roseanne 's comments as `` abhorrent '' - she simply wrote : `` Wow ! Unreal . ''
Roseanne also took aim at Michael Fishman after he posted a lengthy statement to Twitter explaining how `` intolerable '' Roseanne 's comments were .
Part of his statement read : `` I believe our show strived to embrace different backgrounds and opinions , through open dialogue . While I am going to miss being part of the ABC family , I believe that to sit back , or remain silent in an attempt to distance myself from the actions/statements of others would unintentionally endorse or placate those statements which I find truly offensive . My character was designed to represent the inclusive nature of my views . To represent portions of society often marginalized . In this moment it is important to be clear . We must stand up against ; bias , hatred , bigotry and ignorance to make society a better place for all . ( sic ) ''
And Roseanne replied : `` i created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it.ME . You throw me under the bus . nice ! ( sic ) ''
Michael then responded to Roseanne agreeing that she had tried to be inclusive on her show , but noting that it made her comments `` so out of character '' and shocking .
He tweeted : `` You fought , built , and designed 'Roseanne ' for inclusiveness . That is why yesterday was so out of character with the last 30 years . It was in your hands from the beginning to the end . No one can deny that . ''
The star has since deleted the tweet in question and posted an apology in which she defended her comments as `` a bad joke '' .
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says his cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
April 20 Winto Group ( Holdings ) Ltd
* Co is in preliminary discussions with independent third party regarding potential disposal of a subsidiary of company
* No binding terms or agreements have been entered into in respect of potential disposal as at date of this announcement Source text ( bit.ly/2oTFRO9 ) Further company coverage :
China warned on Tuesday that it “ will not sit idle ” if the United States takes actions that impair trade ties after President Donald Trump launched a probe into Beijing 's intellectual property practices .
The commerce ministry issued a statement voicing “ serious concern ” and warning that any US trade protectionism “ will definitely harm bilateral trade relations . ”
The statement , posted to the ministry 's official website , added that Beijing would “ definitely adopt all appropriate measures to vigorously defend the lawful rights and interest of China . ”
Trump on Monday signed a memorandum directing US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to determine whether Chinese policies hurt American investors or companies — with retaliatory measures a possible outcome .
The president insisted that “ Washington will turn a blind eye no longer ” to Beijing 's “ theft ” of US industrial secrets — long a concern of major foreign corporations seeking a share of the huge Chinese market .
The probe comes at a time when US-China relations are already strained over North Korea , with Trump last week still suggesting that he might soften his position on trade if Beijing were to do more to help rein in its nuclear-armed neighbor . AFP
AFP/CC
Welcome to Monday .
Stay tuned as we provide you with all the latest news from across Bath in our daily rolling news blog .
We 'll be keeping an eye on all the latest traffic , travel , sport and weather information for Bath and the surrounding area .
Whether it is a traffic alert , the latest crime case or the best Bath Rugby news , we 'll bring it straight to you right here .
We will also drop in news from the wider world if we think it 's something you 'll be interested in .
If you 've seen something going on , please let us know by calling the newsdesk on 01225 322217 or tweet us @ BathChron
Facebook has changed the news feed to emphasize personal connections . You might see less news .
We 're always happy when users respond to our stories and photos they see on Facebook . It 's a good way for us to connect with you — so let 's protect it .
Facebook has changed your news feed , giving preference to posts from friends and family . This means you could see fewer stories from news sources like us .
If you are like most people who regularly get some of their news from social media , you probably want to keep seeing reliable information from us and other trustworthy journalism sites on Facebook . There is a simple way to make this happen .
From your desktop computer :
1 . Open a desktop web browser and go to the our Facebook page . ( Click the Facebook icon at the top of this page . )
2 . At the top , next to the “ Like ” button , find the word “ Follow ” or “ Following. ” ( If it says “ Follow , ” click that once . It will change to “ Following ” . )
3 . Click the word “ Following ” and choose “ See First . ”
From the Facebook mobile app :
1 . Open the app and tap the menu icon with the three horizontal lines . ( On some devices , it 's at upper right . On others , it 's at lower right . )
2 . Scroll to Settings and tap “ News Feed Preferences . ”
3 . On the screen that pops up , tap “ Prioritize who to see first . ”
4 . The pages you like and people you 're friends with will appear . Find us in the list and tap the logo . When you 're finished , tap “ Done ” in the upper right corner .
Thank you ! You 've helped ensure your Facebook connection to the best social media source for local news in B.C .
KAMPALA , March 28 Stanbic Bank Uganda 's 2016 pretax profit rose 24.9 percent , helped by business diversification that spurred a increase in non-interest revenue , the east African nation 's largest lender by assets said on Wednesday .
The bank , part of South Africa 's Standard Bank and listed on the Uganda Stock Exchange , said pre-tax profit rose to 253.9 billion Ugandan shillings ( $ 70.33 million ) in 2016 , up from 203.3 billion the previous year .
The bank said a diversified business model had helped them absorb economic shocks and underpin growth .
`` This is the major reason why our revenues and earnings have grown , '' the bank said in results published in local media adding that non-performing loans in the industry caused by weak economic activity . Uganda 's banking sector non-performing loans stood at 10.5 percent in December , up from 7.7 percent in September , according to central bank data .
The results showed the bank 's income from trading in foreign exchange , government debt and other trading activities climbed 28 percent last year from 2015 .
A dividend of 1.172 shillings has been recommended for the year , the bank said . ( $ 1 = 3,610.0000 Ugandan shillings ) ( Reporting by Elias Biryabarema , editing by Clement Uwiringiyimana and Louise Heavens )
