This website uses cookies . Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
Amtrak Police plan to charge the man taken into custody on Friday following a Taser incident at Penn Station that caused widespread panic , a spokesman said Monday .
The man , who was not immediately identified , was hospitalized for a psychological evaluation after he was taken into custody . Police `` will be seeking to arrest the suspect upon his discharge from the hospital , '' the spokesman said in a statement .
Panic broke out in Penn Station after an Amtrak police officer used a Taser to subdue the man , who the company said was not obeying orders , around 6:30 p.m. on Friday , according to the NYPD . Some in the crowded transit hub were spooked by the noise and , fearing it was a gunshot , ran for the exits .
About 16 people suffered non-life threatening injuries in the panic that ensued , the NYPD said . The reports of an active shooter or shots being fired in Penn Station were quickly deemed untrue , they said .
The crowded conditions at Penn Station had been amplified by the start of the Easter holiday weekend as well as delays and service changes on New Jersey Transit due to an overhead power problem that caused an inbound train to become disabled in the Hudson Tunnel .
In the hours following the stampede , Penn Station was littered with luggage and spilt food and drinks left behind by scared travelers .
Despite the mayhem , Amtrak on Monday appeared to stand by the officer 's decision to use a Taser .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
`` While Friday night 's incident remains under departmental review consistent with standard procedures , preliminarily indications suggest the deployment was consistent with policy allowing authorized officers to subdue a potentially violent or actively resisting subject , '' the Amtrak spokesman said in the statement .
It was not immediately clear when the suspect would be released from the hospital .
With Lauren Cook
Get Weekly Travel updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
There 's nothing quite as frustrating on holiday when your flight is delayed , whether you 're eagerly awaiting to escape for sunshine , or just trying to head back home .
Although you are entitled to compensation for flights delayed by more than three hours , it 's still costing Brits more than we think - and it 's all to do with being in the airport .
That 's because as the hours drag on , you 're likely to want to stretch your legs and take a stroll - which means you 're more likely to pop into the duty-free shops or kill time at the airport restaurants .
Those costs add up ; in fact , new research by airFair has revealed that 58 % of Brits could spend up to £50 in the airport while waiting for a delayed flight .
So when you 're on a family holiday , those costs can really start to add up .
Not to mention that 11 % of Brits admitted they would spend up to £100 - which is more expensive than most flights in the first place !
( Image : Photolibrary RM )
It 's not so much that we 're indulging . In fact , the main reason for spending is food , as passengers stock up on sweet and savoury treats , no doubt to keep hunger pangs at bay and avoid further irritation .
However , it 's worth noting that for delays of more than two hours , the airline has to provide you with free food and drink , so it 's worth holding off if you want to save a few extra pennies .
Second on the list of expenditures was alcohol , with 26 % of Brits opting for a tipple to while away the hours .
Although if the pre-holiday pint gets banned by the government , it could be that they 'll have to find alternative ways to pass the time .
Taking the third spot after food and bars are the duty-free shops , with 22 % of Brits opting for a bit of retail therapy to cheer themselves up - although less than half buy clothes and accessories .
( Image : Caiaimage )
We 're not splurging on luxuries though - only 2 % said they would book in for a spa or beauty treatment .
It 's worth noting that under EU law , passengers are entitled to compensation if a flight is delayed by more than three hours from an airport which resides in the European Union or was en-route to an EU member state .
The airline also has to provide you with free food and drink , the cost of phone calls and emails , and accommodation if the delay means that you are stranded overnight .
airFair 's Rahul Sharma said : `` The survey results reveal that we are a nation that spends money onthe necessities when delayed as opposed to indulging on the finer things . Experiencing a delay at the airport is never pleasant and can result in an unexpected cost that many have n't budgeted for .
“ These expenditures no matter how big or small can soon add up when a family is travelling together , or if a regular traveller is delayed multiple times in the year . Therefore , passengers should always launch a compensation claim when they are delayed for more than three hours to get back money that they are rightfully owed . ”
You can make compensation claims as early as in the departure lounge via the airFair app or on their website here .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A hospital where the nurse arrested on suspicion of murdering babies trained is co-operating with police and reviewing the patients she cared for .
Lucy Letby , 28 , was arrested yesterday morning on suspicion of the murder of eight babies and the attempted murder of six others .
She remains in custody and has not been charged .
Letby trained at the Liverpool Women 's Hospital on Merseyside before working full time at the Countess of Chester Hospital - the latter hospital being the main subject of the Cheshire Police investigation .
A spokesperson for Liverpool Women 's Trust said : `` A healthcare worker currently involved in a police investigation undertook placements at Liverpool Women 's during their training .
`` We are co-operating with Police as part of their investigation which includes a routine review of patients cared for on our Neonatal Unit during the time of these placements .
Have you been affected by this story ? Email webnews @ trinitymirror.com
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
`` There is currently no suggestion that any patients at Liverpool Women 's came to any harm in relation to this investigation . ''
The arrest came as part of a long-running investigation by Cheshire Constabulary following a high number of baby deaths at the the Countess of Chester Hospital 's neonatal unit .
Earlier today a blue tent erected by police remained outside the front of Letby 's semi-detached property in Westbourne Road , Blacon , Chester , with a uniformed officer stationed nearby .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Chester Standard / SWNS.com )
( Image : Cavendish Press ( Manchester ) Ltd )
Detectives launched an investigation into infant deaths at the hospital in May last year , initially looking at the deaths of 15 babies between June 2015 and June 2016 .
On Tuesday police said the probe had widened to include 17 deaths and 15 non-fatal collapses of babies between March 2015 and July 2016 .
Detective Inspector Paul Hughes said the arrest was a `` significant step forward '' in what was a `` highly complex and very sensitive investigation '' .
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : Cavendish Press ( Manchester ) Ltd )
He added that the probe was `` very much active and ongoing '' and that parents of all the babies were being updated on the inquiry and supported by trained officers .
Police have not confirmed the identity of the arrested health worker but it is understood to be Letby .
The Countess of Chester Hospital carried out a number of independent expert medical reviews into the deaths before calling in police .
Medical director Ian Harvey said officials were continuing to support officers with their investigation .
He said : `` Asking the police to look into this was not something we did lightly , but we need to do everything we can to understand what has happened here and get the answers we and the families so desperately want . ''
( Image : Facebook )
Mr Harvey added that the hospital is `` confident the unit is safe to continue in its current form '' .
A report published in July 2016 by the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health ( RCPCH ) found significant gaps in medical and nursing rotas and insufficient staffing for the provision of longer-term , high-dependency and some intensive care .
The RCPCH report said paediatric consultants had been concerned since June 2015 about a higher than usual number of deaths on the ward , several of which were `` unexplained '' or `` unexpected '' .
( Image : Cavendish Press ( Manchester ) Ltd )
( Image : Cavendish Press ( Manchester ) Ltd )
In a 2013 interview with the Chester and District Standard , Letby said she cared for babies requiring various levels of support .
She had worked at the unit as a student nurse during three years of training before qualifying as a children 's nurse at the University of Chester in 2011 .
She said she 's starting working at the unit after graduating .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Police have foiled a stalker 's plot to kidnap Lana Del Rey during a show in Orlando .
Officers swooped on Michael Hunt , 43 , after being tipped off that he 'd made `` credible '' threats to harm the singer online .
Hunt was found outside the Amway Center , the venue where Lana Del Rey was about to perform , armed with a three-inch knife .
He is facing charges of `` aggravated stalking & attempted kidnapping w/a weapon . ''
Hunt had posted about Del Rey frequently on Facebook and about attending her upcoming concert .
On January 30 he wrote : `` I wo n't be making any more decisions or choices on anything other than what I 've talked about over the last week I want to see my queen on Friday and from that day forward our decisions will be as one . ''
( Image : Twitter/ @ OrlandoPolice )
On the morning he was arrested he added : `` Well folks I can barely touch the electronics any more it 's probably my last day on Facebook . I hope to see y'all on the walk about in your life be good and I 'll see you on the other side everybody takes care of yourself may God bless . ''
According to the Orlando Sentinel , Hunt has a lengthy criminal record and he 's served time in prison for burglary , grand theft of a motor vehicle , grand theft with a firearm , forgery and possession and sale of marijuana .
video size : 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document . .videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; } show more
U.S. Airmen from the 165th Airlift Wing ( AW ) , Georgia Air National Guard , and the 136th AW , Texas Air National Guard , launch a 136th AW C-130H Hercules to Puerto Rico with equipment to aid in the Hurricane Maria relief and recovery efforts , Savannah , Ga. , October 6 , 2017 . The 165th AW and the Air Dominance Center is serving as a hub and spoke operation for aircraft flying to and from Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands providing vital supplies and personnel needed for relief and recovery efforts . ( U.S. Air National Guard video by Senior Master Sgt . Roger Parsons )
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aldi is hiring for new positions at its supermarkets and the salaries and benefits on offer are incredible .
The budget German chain is luring would-be staff with bumper wage packets , including offering salaries for store managers that are almost double the UK average .
Packages also offer health and pension benefits , as well as the chance to achieve long service awards and see your wages rise by more than £10k in less than five years .
Adverts released by Aldi state that store managers can expect to get starting salaries of £43,750 , rising to £57,050 after four years .
The offer by Aldi is a generous one - as average annual pay for a UK store manager is around £31,440 , according to recruitment firm reed.co.uk .
The grocery giant is also seeking assistant store managers , who would rake in more than £30,000 as a starting salary .
And deputy store manager jobs are being advertised at up to £11.15 an hour - well above the £7.50 minimum wage coming into force from April 1 .
( Photo : Birmingham Mail )
Recruits will also get a raft of perks including five weeks ' annual holiday , company pension and private medical insurance , reports CornwallLive .
The expanding supermarket company , which has 10,000 stores in 18 countries , is setting up more outlets , including one in Redruth , Cornwall .
Bosses also want workers for existing stores elsewhere in the county , including in Camborne and St Austell , and there are other vacancies across the UK . Visit Adli 's recruitment site for details .
Store Manager - What 's expected ?
On Aldi 's recruitment website it says store managers are expected to have `` shed loads of energy , great ideas , and a good mix of ambition and character . ''
Applicants are expected to have managed teams of over eight people in the past , and have experience with company property , sales figures and people performance . ''
( Photo : Getty )
What are the benefits ?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A teenage boy suffering from a dangerous brain tumour was turned away from A & E for `` wasting time '' .
Jayden Powell , 16 , was only rushed to life-saving surgery after opticians spotted signs of the growth during a routine eye test .
Jayden , from West Malling , Kent , was sent home with migraine tablets by doctors during his excruciating six-week battle with headaches .
His parents told how when Jayden visited Maidstone the family were informed A & E is not `` not for headaches '' .
It was not until the teen had a last-minute check-up at an optician a week later that eye specialists spotted an abnormality and sent the teen straight back to Maidstone Hospital where scans revealed a 4cm tumour on his brain .
From there he was immediately rushed to specialist hospital King 's College in London where he underwent a gruelling seven hour surgery to remove the growth .
His father Steve , 49 , said they visited A & E after trips to the dentist and tablets for his sinuses had failed to stop the agonising pain .
He said : `` A nurse said to us 'stop wasting our time , this is for accident and emergencies not headaches ' .
`` She sent us next door to see a 24 hour GP who flicked a light on and off and said 'you 've got a migraine , go home and continue pain relief ' .
`` They could have lost him his life . We have made a formal complaint because doctors at King 's College said a 16-year-old with headaches for five or six weeks should have raised alarm bells .
`` Basically the opticians did save his life really . ''
Now recovering at home , Jayden is beginning to feel like himself again - but still faces several months of chemotherapy and radiotherapy for the Grade 4 cancerous tumour .
He has had to delay beginning his apprenticeship with his father 's film set construction firm in London while he recovers .
The father-of-three has issued a heartfelt thank you to everyone who helped save his son 's life and revealed if his appointment had been a week later - the outcome could have been very different .
He said : `` If he did n't have the operation he would have died within a week .
`` He told me on Friday morning he now feels normal again . He said : 'This is my normal life again . '
( Photo : PA )
`` On the Tuesday before the operation he said : ' I have had enough of living . ' ''
Mr Powell said Jayden 's weight had plummeted to just seven stone while doctors tried to work out what was wrong with him .
He said he `` could not fault '' his treatment at Maidstone Hospital after the tumour was diagnosed , but said he was disappointed they were turned away by A & E staff .
He also praised the `` faultless '' care he has subsequently received at King 's College Hospital and the Royal Marsden Hospital in London .
Staff at the opticians in a branch of Tesco in Larkfield said it was a miracle Jayden secured the appointment which saved his life on February 18 , as the optician 's were fully booked until the end of March .
( Photo : PA )
A Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells NHS Trust spokesman said : `` Jayden was appropriately referred for a GP-led assessment . ''
Dr Andrew Catto , Chief Medical Officer at 24-hour GP service IC24 , said : `` The service that the healthcare providers involved in Jayden 's case offered is being reviewed in light of his diagnosis .
`` This is an extremely difficult time for the family and we will ensure they have appropriate support and information .
`` Our deputy medical director has already spoken with the Powell family , and I will also be offering to meet them , so that we can help them understand the action we took .
`` Jayden saw a number of healthcare professionals in the course of his diagnosis , from general practitioner to A & E triage , before being referred to our GP service .
`` In fact , a brain tumour can be difficult to diagnose , especially within a primary care setting , and it is rare in a patient of Jayden 's age , and for him to suffer such a serious condition .
`` There will be an important opportunity to share the learning from his case with all those who were involved in Jayden 's care . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders villain Max Branning has managed to shock viewers once again by marrying Rainie Cross .
The Walford bad boy , who is supposed to be rebuilding bridges after nearly destroying Albert Square , unveiled his blushing bride to his stunned family and neighbours .
Max could n't have picked a worse wife to run the car lot with - as Rainie is his former sister-in-law and a massive drug addict .
Tanya 's sister , who was last seen at Abi 's bedside earlier this year as doctors switched off her life support machine , made an explosive return as she walked into E20 .
The identity of Max 's bride was hidden as they tied the knot at the registry office in front of his nephew Robbie Jackson .
( Image : BBC )
( Image : BBC )
Grinning Max confessed she `` looked good '' while holding her hand , then asked for the `` short version '' of the ceremony .
He invited most of his neighbours to celebratory drinks to introduce his new wife , which took place at E20 after the Carters refused to host it at the Queen Vic .
Ian Beale , who asked if Max had married Cruella de Vil or Lady Macbeth , eagerly anticipated the reveal .
( Image : BBC )
Jack was disappointed that he had n't seen his brother in eight weeks and that he had n't mentioned he was getting married .
While furious Kat Slater , who got drunk at the free bar with Big Mo , slammed Max for ruining Stacey 's marriage .
After a heated argument , boozed-up Kat went to slap Max , but was stopped by his new wife .
Making a dramatic entrance , Rainie said : `` Please do n't . I do n't want my wedding night spent in A & E . ''
The happy couple then shared a kiss in front of their stunned guests .
( Image : BBC )
Mortified EastEnders viewers took to Twitter after watching the shocking scenes .
One viewer said : `` Max MARRIED Rainie ? ! Tanya 's sister ? ! What the actual f * * * ''
`` WTF # EastEnders # Max & # Rainie why oh why ... this just gets more ridiculous , '' added another .
A third agreed : `` Max married ... Rainie ? Tanya 's sis ? Lol # Eastenders are really reaching with these storylines ''
( Image : BBC )
Rainie , who first appeared in August 2007 , will return permanently to the soap for the first time in three years .
Tanya 's younger sister has caused chaos during her last visits , most famously starting a drunken affair with Phil Mitchell and sleeping with Ian Beale for money .
But actress Tanya Franks has promised Rainie has cleaned up her act and viewers will find out what she 's like without relying on suvstances .
Speaking the marriage to Max , she said : `` Nobody in the world wants either one of them , but both of them have to look to at a new pathway . It 's a bit like a kindred spirit from opposing ends of the scale . Two people that absolutely loathe each other , but actually there 's a lot of similarity between the two for different reasons . ''
She added : `` I would say nobody would imagine what it 's like for Rainie and Max to be together so the only way to discover how potentially successful or disastrous this could be is just to view it and find out . ''
* EastEnders continues on Thursday on BBC One at 7.30pm
/
Accomplish more each day with these time-management tips .
April 24 , 2018 2 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
To effectively manage time is to set your priorities in order and get more results and achieve more . By viewing your time as an expendable resource , which you have a limited amount of , you can maximize how much you get done in a day .
In this video from Entrepreneur Network partner Brian Tracy , Tracy recommends organizing tasks by priority beginning with the task that could yield the biggest consequences . This management tip to `` eat that frog , '' or complete the biggest task first , not only helps set the tone of your tasks for the day but is a great deterrent from procrastination . By eating the biggest task -- or `` frog '' -- first , the other remaining tasks -- or `` tadpoles '' -- on your list can be prioritized by importance and accomplished with ease .
Tracy recommends also trusting in your personal , mental grit . Drive yourself to complete the top priorities on your list by putting your head down and powering through . An important remider is use this willpower to complete the most important `` A '' tasks on your list , first . Mental strength and persistance will help you see the results you want out of a set amount of time .
Click the video to learn more from Tracy about managing your time .
Related : 9 Life-Changing Habits That Can Lead to Success
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment , education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders . We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre .
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical . Watch video from our network partners on demand on Roku , Apple TV and the Entrepreneur App available on iOS and Android devices .
Click here to become a part of this growing video network .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An elderly couple died holding hands after their request to be euthanised together was granted .
Nic and Trees Elderhorst , both 91 , had been happily married for 65 years when they died on June 4 at their home in the town of Didam , Netherlands , surrounded by their loved ones .
They both filed for euthanasia due to physical problems preventing them from enjoying life .
Nic suffered a stroke five years ago and his mobility had been greatly reduced ever since .
He suffered through a lot of pain and numerous hospital visits , with antibiotics alone keeping him alive .
( Image : Taxi )
Nic 's wife Trees ' health also slowly declined as the burden of taking care of her husband grew too heavy for her .
Her memory began to deteriorate , and only with the help of neighbours , friends and healthcare workers did the couple manage to keep going .
Both feared that if one of them were to die , the one left behind would end up alone in a nursing home .
After Nic 's stroke in 2012 , the couple signed a special euthanasia will and studied , with the help of their children , the rules to end their lives .
The Netherlands introduced the euthanasia law 17 years ago , and since then more than 5,500 people have ended their lives , arguing they were suffering unbearably , their medical situation was hopeless and they were doing it of their own free will .
After a specialist diagnosed Trees with vascular dementia , a progressive and lethal form of dementia , the conditions to file a euthanasia request were met for both .
( Image : Google )
One of the couple 's daughters : `` It soon became clear that it could not wait much longer .
`` The geriatrician determined that our mother was still mentally competent .
`` However , if our father were to die , she could become completely disorientated , ending up in a nursing home .
`` Something which she desperately did not want . Dying together was their deepest wish . ''
It took half a year for the End of Life clinic to deal with the request of the OAP couple in what is described as `` an intensive period '' by the daughters of the couple .
Two teams , one for each senior , had to determine if Nic and Trees had an individual wish to die independent from each other .
After both teams determined all euthanasia demands according to Dutch law were fulfilled , they met with the couple and their family to pick a date on which they wanted to die .
Nic and Trees Elderhorst told all their friends about their decision and said they received a great deal of support .
They took time to say goodbye to everyone and made arrangements for their funeral .
One of their daughters said when the final day came , they said some final sweet words to each other before they died .
The daughter said : `` They gave each other a big kiss and passed away confidently holding hands .
`` According to their own wish . ''
Dutch media reports the euthanasia of Nic and Trees Elderhorst is unique as not many couples with a joint death wish get final authorisation from special euthanasia doctors .
Dick Bosscher of the Dutch Association of Voluntarily Life Ending ( NVVE ) said : `` It is factually a coincidence when both people meet the demands for euthanasia at the same time .
`` Dual requests are therefore rarely honoured . ''
Spokesman Koos van Wees of the End of Life clinic explained that `` the difficulty is that both of the married people have to be more or less in the same situation with their illness '' , which according to him is `` very rare '' .
Van Wees said : `` It happens more often that one is further in the process . The other then wants to join because they do not see a future alone . As a reason for euthanasia that is often not enough . ''
The Netherlands has however been debating a proposed extension of euthanasia laws which would give all over-75s the right to assisted suicide .
Liberal parties publicly advocate the extension , although no law has yet been filed in parliament due to the fact that since the 15th March parliamentary elections no new government has been formed yet .
According to the political parties led by the left-liberal D66 Party , a few conditions would have to be met first .
There has to be a `` sustainable , well-considered and intrinsic '' wish to die .
A specially trained `` life-ending consultant '' would give their verdict about the death wish , which has to be seconded by another consultant or checking committee .
The life-ending consultant would have at least two interviews with the OAP , with at least two months between , to make sure the person knows what they are deciding and that they are not being pressured by their environment .
The life-ending consultant could be a doctor , a nurse , a psychologist or a psychotherapist .
But three Christian parties , as well as the Socialist Party ( SP ) , have vowed to stop any such law .
MP Renske Leijten of the SP said : `` Elderly care is not in order , a lot of OAPs are lonely and then they are making the ending of life easier ? ''
Gert-Jan Segers , an MP for the Christian Union , also attacked the plan .
He said : `` The proposal relies on the myth that this is an individual choice , but relatives , society and care workers are also involved . ''
His party said the law would contradict with the duty of government to care for and protect the elderly , especially those in a vulnerable position .
Chicago fire officials said Tuesday a massive blaze at an apartment building on the city 's Northwest Side did not result in any injuries , despite the damage.Large flames were already shooting from the roof when firefighters got to the scene around 2 a.m. near North Monticello Avenue and West Argyle Street in Chicago 's Albany Park neighborhood.CFD Battalion Chief David Dietz said the fire spread from a building under construction to buildings on both sides.The fire was extinguished before 6 a.m . It forced several people out of their homes.The cause of the fire remains under investigation .
GRISWOLD , Conn. ( WTNH ) – A road in Griswold is shut down after a car crashed into a utility pole Wednesday morning .
Police say the unidentified driver was injured after crashing their car into a utility pole in front of 418 Edmond Road . The driver was taken to Backus Emergency Center for treatment but their condition is unknown at this time . It 's unclear if there were any other occupants in the car .
Wires were knocked down in the crash so Eversource responded to the scene to conduct repairs on the pole . The accident did not appear to cause any power outages .
State police say Edmond Road will be closed for a while so drivers should seek an alternate route . The cause of the crash is unknown .
Posted by admin on March 19 , 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
Tara Palmer-Tomkinson in her own words
Jamie O'Hara reunited with his sons after being e
Meryl Streep lashes out at Donald Trump at the an
G4 's audition on the first series of The X Factor
Adele is given a new Grammy after her award break
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Santa Montefiore has revealed the real cause of her sister Tara Palmer-Tomkinson 's death was not a brain tumour .
Thanking Tara 's supporters , Santa added that her beloved sister did n't have a brain tumour at the time of her death , despite saying she had a growth on her pituitary gland last November .
Taking to Twitter , the author thanked fans for their support since the socialite 's death and explained that she died from a perforated ulcer .
`` I 've been so touched by the warm response to Tara 's death , '' she wrote .
`` Thank you from the whole family . But I 'd like to clarify a couple of points .
`` Today the Coroner 's report states that Tara died of natural causes – a perforated ulcer . She did not have a brain tumour . ''
Santa went on : `` Contrary to some reports , Tara was not the goddaughter of HRH the Prince of Wales .
`` Tara 's good friends & family know that she was in high spirits in her last days . She had plans , trips & had written a moving new song .
`` Lastly there will be a fuller statement from the PT family later today . Thank you again . ''
( Photo : Rex Features )
( Photo : PA )
A statement from the family confirmed Tara 's funeral will be held on February 27th .
It read : `` We would like to thank the many people who have contacted us about Tara following her untimely death .
`` It has been a source of great comfort to know how loved she was by so many people .
`` Tara died peacefully in her sleep due to a perforated ulcer and peritonitis .
`` Those that knew and were close to Tara knew that there was no retreat to a 'dark place ' as some have disappointingly sought to suggest .
( Photo : WENN )
`` In the last few weeks Tara was happy , positive and making plans for when she recovered her health .
`` As usual she had been busy with the friends and family she loved , and who loved her in return .
`` She was in communication with her family and others of whom she was fond over her final weekend and had spent a lot of her time recording music and playing the piano in her apartment – a sure sign that she was happy and feeling good .
`` Tara 's funeral will be on the 27th February . This will be a private moment for family and close friends to grieve and we would ask that our privacy at this time is respected .
`` We will miss Tara very much and will never forget the joy , love and humour she bought to our lives . ''
( Photo : AFP )
A perforated ulcer is when an untreated stomach ulcer burns through the wall of the stomach and allows liquids to leak into the abdominal cavity . It tends to require surgery to fix .
Tara had given an interview in November 2016 revealing that she 'd been diagnosed with a brain tumour in January of that year , following months of feeling sluggish and exhausted .
She was given tests and was eventually told about the growth on her pituitary gland .
( Photo : Getty )
( Photo : Rex Features )
In an emotional interview with the Daily Mail just three months ago , she said : `` I went to the doctors to talk about my latest blood test results when I got back from skiing in January . I said : 'What does this mean ? Can you translate it ? ' And the doctor said : 'As I suspected , you have a brain tumour ' .
`` I got terribly frightened . I started thinking , ' I 'm going to die , I 'm going to die . I 've only got a couple of weeks to live . ' Stuff like that . ''
Tara went on : `` It 's that word , is n't it ? But then one of the doctors said : 'Hang on a minute , would it help if you called it a wart or a growth ? '
`` They said : 'Tara , yes , it 's a big scary word which you will keep hearing — but do n't get out of control over it . A tumour can go across the board of many different things . ' ''
( Photo : Getty )
Tara 's body was found by her cleaner at around 1.30pm on Wednesday 8th February .
The Portuguese cleaner , who is in her 30s , arrived at Tara 's west London flat at around 1.30pm on Wednesday and was heard crying by builders renovating the apartment below .
The 45-year-old former model had been heard hoovering and walking around her flat the previous Wednesday and had previously complained several times about the builders to the flat 's owner .
Five builders renovating the property since September say they saw the cleaner visit the flat twice a week .
( Photo : PA )
The former It Girl , who lived in a plush fifth floor apartment in Earls Court , had also failed to collect three item of post from downstairs .
A footmat with a cartoon image of her carrying designer bags is at the entrance to her flat .
One of the builders , who last saw her on Saturday January 14th , said : `` We could hear her walking around upstairs last week .
`` She was cleaning . We could hear hoovering on Wednesday .
`` It was the cleaner who found her . She was crying and it was very quiet before she arrived and set off the alarm . ''
* More to follow
A Missouri man has been charged in connection with an Osage City bank robbery , according to a release sent Wednesday from U.S. Attorney Tom Beall .
Beall says 28-year-old Hunter Lee Prewitt , of Mountain Grove , Missouri , is the suspect in the January 25 robbery at the Landmark National Bank , 106 S 6th St. in Osage City .
Court records show Prewitt gave the teller a note saying : “ This is a robbery . Give me all one hundred , fifties and twenties. ” He left with an undisclosed amount of cash and fled the scene in a white pickup truck .
Investigators used video surveillance photos and a description of the truck to track Prewitt 's movements on the day of the robbery . He stopped at an Osage City gas station before the robbery and at a pawn shop in Lyndon .
The Missouri Highway Patrol used that information to identify a 2003 Ford F-150 pickup registered to Prewitt .
A Kansas Bureau of Investigation criminal intelligence analyst searched law enforcement tag readers and found additional information on the suspect and his truck .
The investigation led to Prewitt 's arrest in Springfield , Missouri .
If convicted , Prewitt faces up to 20 years in federal prison and up to $ 250,000 in fines for one count of bank robbery .
Inspired by viruses that attack and kill bacteria , researchers at The Rockefeller University have created an entirely new weapon against disease-causing bacteria that shows great promise for treating drug-resistant infections .
In work described in the Proceedings for the National Academy of Sciences on April 17 , the team engineered molecules that accomplish something viruses do much better than the human immune system ; namely , targeting specific carbohydrate molecules that appear on the surfaces of bacterial cells .
`` Bacteria-infecting viruses have molecules that recognize and tightly bind to these common components of the bacterial cell 's surface that the human immune system largely misses . We have co-opted these molecules , and we 've put them to work helping the human immune system fight off microbial pathogens , '' says Vincent A. Fischetti , head of the Laboratory of Bacterial Pathogenesis and Immunology .
In experiments with mice , Fischetti 's team used this approach to successfully treat life-threatening infections by MRSA , a bacterium that is resistant to conventional antibiotics -- results that suggest they may have found a new way to fight superbugs like MRSA .
The enemy of my enemy
Just as disease-causing bacteria seek to infect us , some viruses prey upon bacteria . And these viral predators have developed a keen ability to latch onto and cut through the outer surface or walls of the bacteria , killing the cells in the process . They do so using molecular snippers called lysins that bind to specific carbohydrates in cell walls .
The human immune system , meanwhile , has a blind spot for carbs . It produces antibodies that are particularly good at binding to proteins on bacterial cell walls , thereby tagging the bacteria for destruction by immune cells . But when their target is a carbohydrate , not a protein , the human antibodies fall short .
Even so , lysins and antibodies share some similarities in their structures . And that gave the researchers an idea .
`` Both antibodies and lysins have two discrete components . They both have a part that binds their respective target , but whereas the second component of lysins cuts the bacterial cell wall , in antibodies it coordinates an immune response , '' says Assaf Raz , a research associate in Fischetti 's lab who led the experiments . `` This made it possible for us to mix and match , combining the viral piece responsible for latching onto a carbohydrate with the part of the antibody that tells immune cells how to respond . ''
The team also looked to bacteria themselves : Like viruses , bacteria produce a similar carbohydrate-binding and cutting molecule , which they use to alter their own cell walls during growth . As they did with the lysins , the researchers combined the binding region from one of these remodeling enzymes with a piece of human antibody .
Lysibodies in action
The researchers dubbed their creation `` lysibodies , '' and made three types : two derived from viruses , one from bacteria . All were designed to kill Staphylococcus aureus , a common bacterium responsible for everything from minor skin infections to pneumonia and meningitis . While many of these infections can be treated with antibiotics , the emergence of strains of drug-resistant Staph , including one known as MRSA , has created a need for a new way to fight these pathogens .
In experiments , the team found that , as they had hoped , the lysibodies attached to the carbohydrates on the surface of Staph and induced immune cells to engulf and destroy them . Since multiple types of related bacteria can have the same carbohydrate targets , the lysibodies grabbed onto a variety of strains of Staph . As an added benefit , one even latched onto more far-flung relatives , including the bacteria responsible for strep throat and urinary tract infections .
The lysibodies further proved their mettle by thwarting MRSA . Treatment with one lysibody greatly improved the survival of MRSA-infected mice , while treatment with another prevented severe kidney infections in the rodents .
Staph and beyond
The process of testing lysibodies ' potential to fight MRSA and other dangerous Staph infections in humans has already begun . The Tri-Institutional Therapeutics Discovery Institute , a partnership established to expedite early-stage drug discovery , is manufacturing lysibodies and has plans to begin testing their safety .
Since nearly all bacteria may be infected by lysin-producing viruses , lysibodies could be produced against many disease bacteria . Furthermore , `` based on our results , it may be possible to use not just lysins , but any molecule with a high affinity toward a target on any pathogen -- be it virus , parasite , or fungus -- to create hybrid antibodies , '' Fischetti says . `` This approach could make it possible to develop a new class of immune boosting therapies for infectious diseases . ''
# # #
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Myleene Klass has passed down her impressive musical ability to her daughter - and it sounds like the nine year old could soon rival her talented mother in the music stakes .
Myleene uploaded a video of the eldest daughter Ava practising for her cello exam with the caption `` doing this with my baby Impending # celloexam '' , and it sounded note-perfect .
The clip showed Ava playing a selection of pieces on the cello , with Myleene enthusiastically providing the piano accompaniment , at one point waving an impassioned arm in the air .
At the end of the video , Myleene praises her talented daughter , saying , “ Good girl ! ”
( Photo : KlassMyleene/Twitter )
( Photo : KlassMyleene/Twitter )
( Photo : Getty )
Myleene has been a talented musician from a young age , taking up the violin and piano at the age of four , before beginning on the harp aged 12 .
She achieved Grade 8 in all three , as well as singing , which is the highest grade awarded . The star studied music at A Level and studied at the prestigious Royal Academy of Music .
Earlier this month , Myleene proved she 's a woman of many talents as she unveiled her new underwear collection for Littlewoods .
( Photo : Matt Crossick/PA )
She stripped off to give fans a glimpse of her new lingerie range .
The stunning star sent pulses racing by posing in an array of undergarments that left little to the imagination .
Helpfully , pre-Valentine 's Day she gave tips for buying underwear for anyone buying their partner lingerie for the big day .
“ Get your girl 's size right , '' she advised . `` Also , pay attention to what she wears . Buying something a million miles away from what you see her in daily might seem exciting but stick to the shapes she likes for optimum success . ”
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland 's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland 's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create , with `` Black Panther , '' and `` Avengers : Infinity War '' bringing in more than $ 3 billion combined and `` Ant-Man and the Wasp '' opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create , with `` Black Panther , '' and `` Avengers : Infinity War '' bringing in more than $ 3 billion combined and `` Ant-Man and the Wasp '' opening next week
It 's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S .
It 's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S .
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns , jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns , jeopardize national security
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization , warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO does n't treat the U.S. `` properly , we will be doing something . ''
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization , warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO does n't treat the U.S. `` properly , we will be doing something . ''
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland 's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland 's capital
On July 4 , Americans celebrate their union , rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades , fireworks and , for some , a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation .
On July 4 , Americans celebrate their union , rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades , fireworks and , for some , a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Maddie Scaletta , center , waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Maddie Scaletta , center , waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews .
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews .
( AP Photo/David J. Phillip , File ) . FILE - In this June 26 , 2018 , file photo , a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center , which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , in Los Fresnos , Texas . Parents who h ...
( AP Photo/David J. Phillip , File ) . FILE - In this June 26 , 2018 , file photo , a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center , which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , in Los Fresnos , Texas . Parents who h ...
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it 's just not clear when .
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it 's just not clear when .
( AP Photo/Mark Lennihan , File ) . FILE - In this Thursday , June 21 , 2018 , file photo , traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel , in Weehauken , N.J. , with the New York City skyline in the background . New Jersey towns along ...
( AP Photo/Mark Lennihan , File ) . FILE - In this Thursday , June 21 , 2018 , file photo , traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel , in Weehauken , N.J. , with the New York City skyline in the background . New Jersey towns along ...
Large wildfires are growing across the American West , keeping thousands of people out of their homes for the July 4 holiday and forcing some strict bans on fireworks to prevent new fires .
Large wildfires are growing across the American West , keeping thousands of people out of their homes for the July 4 holiday and forcing some strict bans on fireworks to prevent new fires .
( Helen H. Richardson/The Denver Post via AP ) . The Spring Creek Fire continues to burn in Costilla County on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 in La Veta , Colo. More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire , while hundreds of ot ...
( Helen H. Richardson/The Denver Post via AP ) . The Spring Creek Fire continues to burn in Costilla County on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 in La Veta , Colo. More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire , while hundreds of ot ...
A lot of red on July 4 as wildfires keep growing in US West
A lot of red on July 4 as wildfires keep growing in US West
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois .
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois .
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state 's largest utility .
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state 's largest utility .
( AP Photo/Eric Risberg ) . In this photo taken Wednesday , June 27 , 2018 , environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at his offices in San Francisco . Arizona 's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl ...
( AP Photo/Eric Risberg ) . In this photo taken Wednesday , June 27 , 2018 , environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at his offices in San Francisco . Arizona 's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl ...
The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death says she does n't regret moving from California to New Jersey so her daughter could receive care after being declared dead .
The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death says she does n't regret moving from California to New Jersey so her daughter could receive care after being declared dead .
( AP Photo/Eric Risberg , File ) . FILE - In this Oct. 3 , 2014 , file photo , Nailah Winkfield , left , and Omari Sealey , right , the mother and uncle of Jahi McMath , listen to doctors speak during a news conference in San Francisco . The mother of a girl at the ...
( AP Photo/Eric Risberg , File ) . FILE - In this Oct. 3 , 2014 , file photo , Nailah Winkfield , left , and Omari Sealey , right , the mother and uncle of Jahi McMath , listen to doctors speak during a news conference in San Francisco . The mother of a girl at the ...
Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested .
Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested .
ROCK ISLAND , Ill. ( AP ) - Two people died and several others were injured after a branch measuring in parts more than 8-feet ( 2.5 meters ) around fell on spectators during a fireworks display in western Illinois , authorities said .
Rock Island County Sheriff Gerald Bustos said Wednesday that the branch fell from an oak tree that 's believed to be about 100 years old . It fell about 25 feet ( 8 meters ) during Tuesday night 's `` Red , White and Boom '' event outside the courthouse in Rock Island .
Dozens were sitting near the tree watching the fireworks when the branch fell , crushing some of the spectators . Some of those who were n't hurt tried to lift the branch to free the people trapped beneath .
Bustos said Daniel Mendoza Sr. , 61 , of Rock Island was pronounced dead at the scene . Lawrence R. Anderson , 72 , of Moline died at a hospital . Authorities have not provided the causes of death , but Bustos said autopsies were planned for later Wednesday .
Six other people were taken to a local hospital , including a 21-year-old pregnant woman from East Moline who was near term . Bustos said the woman gave birth , and she and her baby are reported to be in good health .
The others were treated Tuesday night and released from the hospital . Two people from Maysville , Iowa , and their 2-year-old son suffered minor injuries , including scratches to the face . A 3-year-old boy from Bettendorf , Iowa was treated for a suspected concussion , while a Moline woman also had a suspected concussion and scratches .
Melanie Brown Ledbetter told KWQC-TV she was with sitting about 50-feet ( 15 meters ) from the tree with family and friends , watching the fireworks .
`` I was turned talking to my friend and heard the loud crackle of the tree breaking and saw it fall , '' she said .
She said her husband was among those who tried to help people who were hurt or trapped .
`` People were screaming and crying , '' Ledbetter said . `` A lot of people rushed over to help and a lot of people immediately packed up and fled the scene . ''
Bustos said his office is investigating , and he will provide an update Thursday afternoon .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
By MALIN GRUNBERG BANYASZ
Monday , August 14 , 2017
Any visitor today to the site of Los Adaes , in northwest Louisiana , will take in a landscape that was the easternmost point of Spanish expansion in the southwest . It was the location of a Spanish mission and presidio , constructed in 1721 and occupied until 1773 , in a high , defensible position . A previous Los Adaes mission had been built in 1717 , a short distance away , but was abandoned because of initially poor relations with the Caddo Indians . According to archaeologist George Avery of Stephen F. Austin State University in Texas , the Los Adaes mission , and others like it , was regarded as a less expensive alternative to military occupation . The Spaniards ' intention was to halt French incursions into the region and to prevent the French from using the Mississippi River as a means to trade with Mexico . They also were supposed to convert the Caddo to Catholicism . The Los Adaes mission , however , situated on the frontier and far from both Spain and Mexico , took on a unique character . According to archaeologist Pete Gregory of Northwestern State University , Los Adaes became a place of intense cultural exchange among the Spanish , the French , and the Caddo . “ It 's what we call ‘ creolization ' here in Louisiana , ” he says . The archaeological record , with its robust mixture of ceramics from all three cultures , bears this out . Ultimately , these people were n't supposed to get along , “ but , ” says Gregory , “ they did . ”
THE SITE
Los Adaes remained largely undisturbed from the time it was abandoned in 1773 until Gregory conducted archaeological investigations at the presidio in 1962 . His initial aim was to confirm that the site was indeed Los Adaes . He uncovered a large quantity of French and Spanish ceramics , with the latter having been made in Pueblo , Mexico . Asian porcelain , which had arrived by way of Acapulco , was also discovered and reflected the robust trade route that reached from Mexico all the way to Los Adaes . More than 70 percent of all ceramics found across the site are Caddo in origin . The mission itself sits partially on private land and has not been excavated . In 2014 , geophysical survey of the mission site was conducted . While only a small percentage of Los Adaes has been excavated , a 1767 map by cartographer Joseph de Urrutia , once thought to have been created for planning purposes , has been discovered by archeologists to be a reliable rendering of the settlement .
WHILE YOU 'RE THERE
The visitor center is open on Wednesday through Saturday , noon to four , and is a favorite field trip for Texas schoolchildren , since Los Adaes was the colonial capital of Texas . Replicas of many of the excavated artifacts of colonial frontier life are on display , including French , Spanish , and Caddo ceramics , along with a detailed timeline of Los Adaes history . In addition , tour guides are available and walking trails with markers wind throughout the site .
Organizers of a newsroom union at the Chicago Tribune have informed its publisher that colleagues have already given such overwhelming formal support for their effort that the paper 's parent company should recognize the guild voluntarily and start to negotiate a contract .
The organizers gave the Tribune 's parent company , Tronc , a day to make a decision .
According to a letter from the Chicago Tribune Guild organizing committee obtained by NPR , the nascent union has received signed union authorization cards from more than 85 percent of staffers who would fall under the bargaining unit .
`` Voluntary recognition would allow us to begin contract negotiations , saving the company the cost and inconvenience of a campaign and an election that will result overwhelmingly in our favor , '' read the letter , sent Tuesday morning to Bruce Dold , the Tribune 's editor and publisher . This story will be updated with any reaction from the Tribune and Tronc .
It is quite a turnaround in fortunes for unions at Tronc , which comes from a strong anti-union background . Historically , the Tribune and its corporate owners took a strong stance against unions at the paper and in society more broadly .
More recently , Tronc fought fiercely for months against unionizing efforts at the Tribune 's larger sister paper , the Los Angeles Times , yet lost badly in a lopsided vote held in January . Tronc , then controlled by Chicago investor Michael Ferro , announced it would sell the Times and The San Diego Union-Tribune less than three weeks later . That sale , to Southern California billionaire Patrick Soon-Shiong , is expected to go through in coming weeks .
Ferro is now gone from the company . He sold his controlling minority stake to McCormick Media — controlled primarily by Sargent M. McCormick-Collier , a relative of the legendary late Col. Robert McCormick who ran the Tribune and built it into a multi-platform staff .
`` If the company does not recognize the Chicago Tribune Guild , we will file the signature cards tomorrow with the National Labor Relations Board , and an election will be scheduled , '' the organizing committee wrote in a separate note to staffers .
The Tribune 's parent company , Tronc , and its corporate predecessor , Tribune , have suffered severe financial setbacks , some of them self-inflicted . That has in turn led to waves of layoffs , buyouts and cutbacks . The Chicago Tribune newsroom is perhaps a third as large as it was at its height .
In the years since it was rechristened Tronc , the company has been beset by additional controversy and internal crises , starting with a frenetic branding effort around digital innovation . In Los Angeles , the Times 's new publisher , Ross Levinsohn , was sidelined by questions raised over past workplace misconduct ( he took a leave and became Tronc 's chief executive over its digital activities ) . The LA Times ' new editor-in-chief , Lewis D'Vorkin , sparked a newsroom mutiny over his conversations with Disney over coverage and with his accusations that his journalists have been disloyal . He was shifted over to the digital unit in February and left the company earlier this month .
The company created an uproar with plans to create a large separate digital newsroom that would have generated a vast new output of online content outside the company 's newspapers , including the Chicago Tribune , the LA Times , the Baltimore Sun , South Florida Sun-Sentinel , Hartford Courant , and other big metro dailies .
A senior Chicago Tribune editor , Metro Editor Mark Jacob , announced on April 5 he was leaving the company and tweeted : `` ... owners and managers of media companies must embrace a mission of journalism as public service , invest in their people and show bravery and independence . Our democracy depends on it . ''
Some digital newsrooms and smaller newspapers have been seeking union representation as well . Union efforts recently have popped up at some surprising newsrooms — including the digital outlet Mic , the satiric publication The Onion , the Casper ( Wyoming ) Star-Tribune , and the Missoula , Mont. , Independent .
If the union is recognized by Tronc voluntarily , or wins it in a vote overseen by federal labor regulators , the guild would represent about 280 nonmanagement employees at the Tribune , its sister Spanish-language daily , Hoy , the entertainment-oriented tabloid RedEye and four suburban publications .
FIA Formula 2 Championship leader Lando Norris is happy to leave Monaco increasing his championship lead after an eventful weekend at the Circuit de Monaco .
The Carlin Motorsport driver secured a sixth and third place in the feature and sprint race but he had a few troubles during the weekend .
A crash in qualifying led to a penalty for impeding pole sitter Alexander Albon , leading to Norris starting the feature race at the very back of the grid .
Reflecting over the qualifying incident , Norris said that he feels he let the team down on Thursday .
“ I let the team and everyone down in qualifying but made up for it a little with more points from both races ” said Norris .
“ I was P1 on old tyres before pitting for a new set . I went purple in Sectors 1 & 2 but then , having gone ‘ flat ' in the swimming pool section for the first time , hit the left curb on the exit and contacted the wall on the right , damaging the front wing and suspension .
“ The steering was completely bent but I still managed to complete the lap . The car was good enough for pole but I made a costly mistake that I believed at the time , had ruined both race prospects . ”
During the feature race he battled hard with MP Motorsport Ralph Boschung , but an ambitious move at Anthony Noghes caused a crash , taking the Swiss driver out and handing Norris a penalty . He ended the race in sixth place .
Despite the crash , Norris said that feature race worked in his favour as he gained places where his title rivals suffered .
“ The Feature race could n't have worked out better for me and I certainly did n't expect a sixth-place finish and to still be leading the championship after it after many of my title contenders suffered crashes ” Norris continued .
I had a good pit-stop then tried a move at the final corner on Boschung who had exited the pits . I went up the inside of him but then it got too tight and we touched for which I got a drive-thru .
My pace was very good in the middle of the race and undercut a load of cars who pitted later than me . ”
For the sprint race , Norris followed closely to race winner Antonio Fuoco to finish second but a post-race penalty for over-exceeding the virtual safety car pushed Norris down to third .
Norris found during the sprint race difficult to manage tyres whilst battling for the lead against the Charouz Racing System ‘ s driver but says he leaves Monaco happy to have increased his championship lead .
“ I made a really good start in the Sprint race , managing to pass Aitken off the line , and seemed to have a better start than Antonio who I pressed for the opening laps really hard .
He did n't make any mistakes so I backed off a little to save my tyres but there were lots of interruptions . It was n't an easy race managing the tyres and I was n't as happy with the car set-up compared to yesterday .
But I 'm happy considering where we were after Thursday and to have increased my championship lead . ”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Mo Eisa put Cheltenham Town ahead in their behind-closed-doors friendly against a full strength West Bromwich Albion team .
Last season 's star performer netted in the first half before the Championship side , who included former England and Manchester City midfielder Gareth Barry , hit back to win 3-1 .
`` It was a great exercise for us to come and play West Brom and we take a huge amount from the game . We thank Albion for the game and the strength of the team they selected , particularly in the first half , '' Robins boss Gary Johnson said .
`` The first half was a magnificent performance from us , considering where we are in pre-season .
`` I do n't want to go over the top , but we faced off against some big hitters and the boys coped well to take a lead into the break .
`` Both teams made a lot of changes , they bought on their Under-23s and we used the whole squad and a few younger lads in the second half .
`` It was great to see players like Fozzie ( Jordon Forster ) , Daws ( Kevin Dawson ) and Toz ( Ben Tozer ) who needed the minutes as they come back from injuries .
`` It gives me more information as to who our starting XI might be . There were two or three lads in the second half that did very well to go with the lads who did well first half .
`` It was a good day for us and really encouraging for the rest of pre-season . ''
Cheltenham have now departed for a three day training camp at Champneys Springs in Leicestershire .
Their next match is against Bristol City at Weston-super-Mare 's Woodspring Stadium on Tuesday night .
`` We have some big games coming up now , '' he added . `` I know that Bristol City are going to put up a strong team next week - Lee is taking this 'Johnson Cup ' seriously ! ''
`` The shape and organisation that we showed against West Brom was a real positive .
`` We 've only been together for less than a week , but we looked sharp and the ones that needed to look fit did just that .
`` It 's a great experience for us to come up against the likes of Gareth Barry , who is the leading appearance maker in the Premier League , and yet we did n't let their midfield run the game .
`` With the quality that they have got they are going to cause any team problems , but we dealt with it . We had to improve on our defence from last season and the early signs are promising . ''
A police-involved shooting in Anadarko began as a domestic disturbance and ended with one man dead .
According to Anadarko Police , the shooting occurred as officers responded to a domestic disturbance just before 5 p.m at a home near N. 1st and Prairie Village Ave .
Once on scene , police say they located a male suspect , now identified as 34-year-old Henry James Hunter , armed with a knife . According to a report , officers gave Hunter verbal commands to drop his weapon , but when they say he started to approach them , one officer fired his weapon . Hunter was transported from the scene to a local hospital where he was pronounced dead a short time later .
The two officers who responded to the call have been placed on routine administrative leave while the incident is investigated .
District Attorney Jason Hicks requested OSBI special agents investigate the shooting . Five special agents were called in to collect information and evidence . Once agents have completed their investigation , they 'll present a case to the district attorney .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Celebrity Big Brother 2017 kicks off tomorrow night , and Channel 5 bosses have kept a tight lid on whom the confirmed line-up might contain – until now .
Because four of the stars have been papped arriving at a secret hotel ahead of the launch , along with one 'mystery ' guest who would n't allow photographers to snap his or her face .
Among the first arrivals was Nicola McClean , who wore over-the-knee black boots with a furry black winter coat as she and her two giant suitcases were loaded out of a car .
( Photo : FameFlynet UK )
( Photo : FameFlynet UK )
( Photo : FameFlynet UK )
She was in Celebrity Big Brother back in 2012 and came seventh overall . She 's had several highly publicised fights with Katie Price over the years , and it 's thought the Pricey will make a return to the CBB house this month , so prepare yourself for fireworks .
Also spotted heading to the hotel was Spencer Pratt , who along with wife Heidi Montag joined the 2013 CBB line-up and came in at second place .
He 'd been Snapchatting his London adventures all day , but tried to throw his followers off the scent by insisting he was making his way to Stonehenge to `` recharge his crystals '' .
( Photo : FameFlynet UK )
( Photo : FameFlynet UK )
Heidi - who famously underwent a colossal amount of surgery costing hundreds of thousands of dollars in one single day - could n't be seen in the arrival pictures , although she was spotted in the same car as Spencer earlier in the day , so we can safely assume she 'll be going into the house with him tomorrow night .
Stevi Ritchie was seen arriving at the hotel too , although not with his on-off partner Chloe-Jasmine Whichello , with whom he went into the CBB house in the summer of 2015 .
They later split after a fake wedding ceremony on a yacht in Cyprus , with Chloe accusing him of bullying behaviour and jealousy . Stevi went on to complain about how going on CBB as a couple was a terrible decision , telling one interviewer that he had huge regrets about doing it .
( Photo : FameFlynet UK )
`` As soon as you walk in , it 's a pressure cooker ; your emotions are heightened and there 's nowhere to let off steam , '' he said in April 2016 .
`` The smallest things turn into huge arguments and you 've got so much time to stew over it . I loved the experience but it was a toxic atmosphere - series 16 was one of the bitchiest yet . I regret going in there as a couple . ''
He added : `` Chloe and I knew it would make or break our relationship - we made it through but there were big ups and downs . ''
But while Chloe could n't be seen arriving at the hotel , she tweeted a selfie with Stevi earlier in the day , prompting speculation the pair were back on .
Also spied in an arrival car was 90s DJ Brandon Block , who battled a cocaine addiction at the height of his fame .
It will be his first time inside the CBB house as part of the series ' All Stars theme .
( Photo : FameFlynet UK )
Joining the other names was this mystery guest , who hid themselves under a blue towel as their car passed the bank of photographers .
Could it be Heidi Montag ? Chloe-Jasmine ? Or a name that has n't even been mentioned in connection with CBB yet ?
( Photo : FameFlynet UK )
Read the rest of the Celebrity Big Brother 2017 line-up here .
An award-winning Florida resort developer is offering British golfers the opportunity to own a 99-year lease of two or three bedroom luxury apartments for up to eight to 12 weeks a year in a new type of shared holiday home ownership package . It is for every year , for a lifetime , for about £63,000 . And they can even sell their share and exit from year seven
A Florida resort located virtually adjacent to Walt Disney World in Orlando is to market luxurious two or three-bedroom apartments to British golfers . There is limited availability but early buyers will obtain a 20 per cent discount .
The icing on the cake is that each buyer may elect to be coached by the David Leadbetter Academy in Orlando . Aside from becoming a co-owner of one of these luxury apartments , buyers will become executive club members of two Greg Norman golf courses at Champions Gate in Orlando . All of this is inclusive in the overall price .
Furthermore , Interval International 's Gold Membership , which entitles each buyer to access to an additional 900 private golf courses throughout the USA and Canada , together with numerous other benefits , is a major part of the package .
Buyers will also be able to exchange with 3,000 other luxury resorts worldwide each year . The price for this incredible package for a two or three bedroom luxury apartments for eight to 12 weeks of yearly occupation for 99 years is from the discounted price of US $ 83,333 ( approximately £63,000 according to the exchange rate in November 2017 ) . If the average family spent just $ 5,000 per year for a great vacation , in 30 years they would have spent $ 150,000 with no way of recouping that money back . With the St. James 's Club Resort 's Exclusive Membership and golf memberships , if property values stay buoyant over the period , buyers could recoup a good portion of the purchase price . The membership with the 99-year lease can also be transferred to their heirs .
Nigel Mansell has shown interest in becoming one of the first members of this offer . Nigel is the F1 legend ( and USA IndyCar champion ) . The three-handicapper said : “ I love the game and everything about it . The people who play and the way it 's supported throughout the world , it was the complete opposite from my main job , but I really enjoy the fact you can play in competitions , with your best mates , on your own and with people from different nationalities who do n't understand a word you 're saying ! ”
For all buyers , there is a special membership to Greg Norman 's two championship golf courses at Champions Gate . The second development of 120 luxury apartments will be directly in Champions Gate .
These properties will be marketed by Resort Property Partners ( US ) Corporation . Contact details can be found at www.stjamesclubresort.com
Johannesburg - Ekuruhuleni City has announced that it is suspending its bus services ahead of the taxi strike over the poor state of roads .
The taxi industry in Ekurhuleni has given the City notice that its members will be embarking on a protest march on Tuesday . Taxi owners are unhappy with the poor state of the roads , which they say are damaging their vehicles .
`` Due to this anticipated protest , which will take place throughout Ekurhuleni , the City would like to inform the public that its bus services will be suspended as a precautionary measure for the day – following a threat of violence , '' said Themba Gadebe , the spokesperson for the City of Ekurhuleni .
Gadebe said commuters should seek alternative modes of transport for Tuesday .
`` We do apologise for the inconvenience caused and thank you for your understanding . The bus service will be fully operational from Thursday , 22 March . ''
Police were out in force in areas near the airport early on Tuesday morning .
African News Agency/ANA
Your afternoon host AJ has been in Seattle for over 4 years and SO much has happened in his life since moving here . He and his wife of 6 years Nicole , had first baby ( a boy ) and they bought their first home here . When AJ is n't on the air or hosting an event for one of the organizations that he works with including Making Strides Against Breast Cancer , March For Babies , Susan G Komen and Washington Trails Association , he is more than likely climbing a mountain ! `` I love everything this place has to offer , from world class entertainment , to the incredible food to all of its natural beauty with so many amazing mountains and trails at our doorstep ! '' I LOVE the Pacific Northwest and am proud to call it home and do what I love to do with an incredible group of people .
WASHINGTON , D.C. — Hours after James T. Hodgkinson , 66 , targeted Republican Members of Congress practicing for a charity baseball game , in a shooting that left Rep. Steve Scalise ( R-IA ) and three members of the Capitol Hill Police severely wounded , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi took the House floor .
“ I pray for Donald Trump , that his presidency will be successful and that his family will be safe , ” Pelosi said of President Donald Trump .
“ I have been probably the target of more , political target of probably more threats than anyone perhaps other than the President of the United States Barack Obama . And so I pray for Barack Obama , and now I continue to pray for him , ” Pelosi said . “ And I pray for Donald Trump , that his presidency will be successful and that his family will be safe , ” she said .
Less than one month into Trump 's presidency , Pelosi said that said while she has not seen a completed case for his impeachment , a “ very scientific , methodical way ” was being created to help the Democrats achieve this aim .
On Monday , Pelosi predicted that Trump would “ self-impeach. ” But now , just a few days later , she is throwing her support behind the president in the wake of this tragedy in Alexandria .
Earlier in her speech on the House floor on Wednesday , Pelosi said that “ we speak for each other in saying , we send our thoughts and prayers to our colleague , Steve Scalise. ” She continued :
Personally we have our Italian-American connection so as soon as I heard his name , I was filled with concern , as I would be for anyone here . But we had that special connection , and so our hopes and prayers — and as I said to the Speaker [ Paul Ryan ] , I 'll be asking you every five minutes , ‘ How is Steve coming along ? '
Pelosi added that she prays “ frequently , and certainly every Sunday. ” She added :
When this team was on the field practicing with such brotherhood — I do n't know if you have any sisters on your team ; we have two on our team — for this person to take this action was so cowardly , so cowardly . We can not let that be a victory for the assailant or anyone who would think that way . We will use this occasion as one that brings us together and not separates us further .
Before taking the House floor Wednesday afternoon , Pelosi tweeted :
On days like today , there are no Democrats or Republicans , only Americans united in our thoughts for the wounded . https : //t.co/HcsiRCcFiP — Nancy Pelosi ( @ NancyPelosi ) June 14 , 2017
However , for Hodgkinson — a staunch Bernie Sanders ( I-VT ) supporter who hated President Donald Trump — Republicans were his target .
Rep. Ron DeSantis ( R-FL ) was also present at Wednesday 's baseball practice . He said Hodgkinson had approached him and Rep. Jeff Duncan ( R-SC ) to ask which political party was practicing .
“ There was a guy that walked up to us that was asking whether there were Republicans or Democrats out there . And it was just a little odd… so we told the police that , ” DeSantis said .
In addition to his affiliation with a number of anti-GOP groups , Hodgkinson belonged to one named “ Terminate The Republican Party . ”
Hodgkinson has since died , President Trump confirmed in his remarks , as a result of gunfire exchange between him and the Capitol Hill Police . The Capitol Hill Police officers were present because Scalise is a member of GOP leadership . Some members of Congress said that had it not been for Scalise 's security detail , the shooting could have turned into a massacre .
Adelle Nazarian is a politics and national security reporter for Breitbart News . Follow her on Facebook and Twitter .
The Joint Ministerial Council ( JMC ) meeting in London has wrapped up and once again pressure from the UK for the OT 's to create a public registry mounted .
We managed to dodge another bullet , as Financial Services Minister Hon . Wayne Panton discusses .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Share on Google Plus
Share on Google Plus
( Updated Feb. 14 , 2017 )
ABC
Renewed
Grey 's Anatomy
How to Get Away with Murder
The Middle
Scandal
Yet to Air
American Crime ( 3/12 )
The Catch ( 3/9 )
Downward Dog ( TBD )
Imaginary Mary ( 4/4 )
Still Star-Crossed ( TBD )
Ten Days in the Valley ( TBD )
The Toy Box ( 4/7 )
Time After Time ( 3/5 )
Looking Good
American Housewife
The Bachelor
Beyond the Tank
Black-ish
Dancing with the Stars
Fresh Off the Boat
The Goldbergs
Modern Family
Once Upon a Time
Shark Tank
Speechless
Too Soon to Tell
America 's Funniest Home Videos
Designated Survivor
Dr. Ken
Last Man Standing
Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D .
Quantico
The Real O'Neals
Not Looking Good
Conviction
Notorious
Secrets and Lies
Canceled/Ending
Mistresses
Uncle Buck
CBS
Renewed
Big Brother
NCIS
Yet to Air
Criminal Minds : Beyond Borders ( TBD )
Looking Good
2 Broke Girls
The Amazing Race
Blue Bloods
Bull
Criminal Minds
Madam Secretary
Mom
NCIS : Los Angeles
NCIS : New Orleans
Survivor
Too Soon to Tell
Code Black
Doubt
Elementary
The Great Indoors
Hawaii Five-0
Kevin Can Wait
Life in Pieces
MacGyver
Man with a Plan
Scorpion
Training Day
Undercover Boss
Not Looking Good
The Odd Couple
Pure Genius
Canceled/Ending
Nothing yet !
CW
Renewed
Arrow
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend
DC 's Legends of Tomorrow
The Flash
Jane the Virgin
Supergirl
Supernatural
Yet to Air
iZombie ( 4/4 )
The Originals ( 3/17 )
Too Soon to Tell
The 100
Riverdale
Not Looking Good
Frequency
No Tomorrow
Canceled/Ending
Reign
The Vampire Diaries
Fox
Renewed
Bob 's Burgers
Empire
Family Guy
Lucifer
The Simpsons
So You Think You Can Dance
Yet to Air
Making History ( 3/5 )
MasterChef ( TBD )
Prison Break ( 4/4 )
Shots Fired ( 3/22 )
Looking Good
Brooklyn Nine-Nine
The Last Man on Earth
New Girl
Too Soon to Tell
24 : Legacy
APB
The Exorcist
Gotham
Lethal Weapon
MasterChef Junior
Pitch
Star
Not Looking Good
Rosewood
Son of Zorn
Canceled/Ending
Bones
NBC
Renewed
The Good Place
The Carmichael Show
The Night Shift
Superstore
The Voice
Yet to Air
The Blacklist : Redemption ( 2/23 )
Chicago Justice ( 3/5 )
Great News ( 4/25 )
Law & Order : True Crime ( TBD )
Little Big Shots ( 3/5 )
Marlon ( TBD )
Midnight , Texas ( TBD )
Shades of Blue ( 3/5 )
Taken ( 2/27 )
Trial & Error ( 3/14 )
Looking Good
The Blacklist
Chicago Fire
Chicago Med
Chicago P.D .
Law & Order : SVU
Too Soon to Tell
Blindspot
Powerless
Timeless
Not Looking Good
Emerald City
Canceled/Ending
Grimm
Nassau , Bahamas – This morning Police are confirming that a 46-year-old American male will be arraigned in court for that alleged wicked sexual assault on American female guest .
Meanwhile Bahamian police will also arraign that Jet Ski operator who is accused in the alleged sexual assault incident involving a Canadian guest .
We at BP are watching these developments and will see if Justice will keep her eye closed or open it wide wide in both of these cases .
We report yinner decide !
The daughter of a 101-year-old woman who says she was “ walloped ” with a towel is installing a video camera in her mother 's long-term care room .
Margaret Anthony said she and family members are taking the action , in part , because the alleged incident seems to boil down to “ she-said/she-said . ”
Anthony 's mother , Evelyn Dick , told a nurse who came into her room early on the morning of June 14 , that she had just been walloped with a towel by a caregiver who told her to get back to bed . The elderly woman later told her daughter about the incident and said the caregiver has done the same to other residents .
Anthony has now been told that an internal investigation by Extendicare Starwood long-term care home , where her mother lives , found no evidence to support the claim . The caregiver in question has been moved to another floor , Anthony said . She was also told that the allegation would stay on the caregiver 's record .
Investigations into the alleged incident by police and by the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care staff are continuing . Anthony said she was present when her mother was interviewed by a ministry investigator and her mother repeated the story about being hit in the head with a towel , adding that she did n't want to get anybody fired .
Although investigations are continuing , the case underscores how the potential challenges the elderly can face when they allege abuse . Graham Webb , executive director of the Advocacy Centre for the Elderly , says there are plenty of parallels with the Me Too movement , which focused attention on victims of sexual assault .
“ One of the parallels is the tendency to to discount or disbelieve the survivor of the abuse . Sometimes older adults expect not to be believed or not to be taken seriously and that is not what should happen , ” Webb said .
Even older adults with mild-to-moderate cognitive impairment are capable of accurately reporting events , he said .
Anthony says officials with the long-term care home told her that her mother might have misconstrued a tap on her shoulder or something similar . Anthony said her mother showed her where she was hit — on the side of her head . She added it would have been impossible for her mother to be surprised from behind because her bed is against the wall and there is a bed rail .
Anthony said she believes her mother , who immediately reported the incident and clearly described what happened , despite the fact that her mother has dementia .
“ It is a case of a resident with dementia versus a caregiver . Who does one believe , ” Anthony wrote in an email to home management . “ I believe in giving mom the benefit of the doubt .
“ Without a witness , there 's no proof as to what really happened . However , there have been too many incidents of abuse within the LTC system as a whole that have gone unreported because residents are at the mercy of caregivers who , unwitnessed , are abusive , until one day they are exposed as the ‘ bad apple . ' No one knows what goes on behind closed doors , ” Anthony wrote .
She said that is why the family is installing a video camera in her mother 's room , something the home welcomed and even helped installation .
Webb said many residents of long-term care homes badly need an advocate and the most vulnerable are those who have no close friends or family to speak up on their behalf .
Families , he said , should be present and be interested in what is happening to their loved-ones in care . “ Those who do n't have someone are much worse off than those who do . ”
Sue MacGregor , administrator at the home , said in a statement than an investigation is underway and that all relevant authorities have been notified of the allegations .
“ We empathize with Margaret and appreciate her ongoing advocacy on behalf of her mother , ” she wrote in an email to this paper . “ Our team at Extendicare Starwood stands united with her in this regard . ”
In March , the home was found to have failed to promote zero tolerance of abuse and neglect of residents and to take proper action after housekeeping staff reported seeing a caregiver calling a resident names and handling that person , who was lying on the floor , roughly .
Anthony said she has spoken to others at the home who either have , or plan to , install video cameras in their loved-ones rooms .
epayne @ postmedia.com
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Tory minister in charge of regulating porn on the internet launched his own social network today , so obviously people started posting porn on it .
Questions were also raised about how the app launched by Matt Hancock , which is called 'Matt Hancock ' , deals with personal data and photos .
Mr Hancock is in charge of the government 's approach to protecting personal data .
The app 's terms and conditions contain an ominous warning to users that their contact details , photos and videos , check-ins , and other digital content could be collected by the app .
iPhone users also asked why the app appeared to be accessing photos on their devices , even when it had been denied permission to do so .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Disciple , the development company who created the app for Mr Hancock , told the Mirror : “ This is not a technical bug . It 's a feature within iOS 11 , and the app has been been approved by Apple . ”
The latest version of the iPhone operating system ( iOS ) , allows new apps to access individual photos without giving access to the entire gallery .
But when this new feature is used by an app , it does n't trigger a pop-up window asking for permission to access the gallery - which Mr Hancock 's app does .
( Image : Paul Davey / SWNS.com )
At the time of publication , the Disciple spokesperson had not been able to explain why the pop-up appears .
Even if the user refuses permission to access their photos , some iPhone users found they could post pictures to the app anyway , leading to concerns about privacy in the app .
Within hours the app was overrun with accounts posting joke pictures of the minister - and screenshots of porn films .
Speaking in the House of Commons , Labour MP Liam Byrne raised concerns about the app with DCMS minister Margot James , saying : “ It does not require email verification , so people are already posting hardcore pornography on the site . ”
Later in the afternoon , developers enabled email verification to the app .
Neither the Department of Digital , Culture , Media and Sport or Mr Hancock 's office responded to requests for comment .
SHARE COPY LINK Russ Casey , Tarrant County Precinct 3 J.P. , resigned immediately after his conviction Monday morning , April 23 . He was accused of falsely witnessing all signatures on his petition for election . Anna M. Tinsley
Russ Casey , Tarrant County Precinct 3 J.P. , resigned immediately after his conviction Monday morning , April 23 . He was accused of falsely witnessing all signatures on his petition for election . Anna M. Tinsley
Warning : The above video is hard — and heartbreaking — to watch .
“ We stood there crying — filming with tears rolling down our cheeks , ” photographer Paul Nicklen told National Geographic about the devastating footage he shot of an emaciated polar bear searching for food on Canada 's Baffin Island .
Nicklen , who was traveling with the conservation group SeaLegacy last summer , posted the shocking video to social media on Dec. 5 , along with a description of the gut-wrenching scene .
“ My entire SeaLegacy team was pushing through their tears and emotions while documenting this dying polar bear , ” writes Nicklen in the Facebook post . “ It 's a soul-crushing scene that still haunts me , but I know we need to share both the beautiful and the heartbreaking if we are going to break down the walls of apathy . This is what starvation looks like . The muscles atrophy . No energy . It 's a slow , painful death . When scientists say polar bears will be extinct in the next 100 years , I think of the global population of 25,000 bears dying in this manner . ”
Nicklen goes on to write , “ There is no band-aid solution . There was no saving this individual bear . People think that we can put platforms in the ocean or we can feed the odd starving bear . The simple truth is this — if the Earth continues to warm , we will lose bears and entire polar ecosystems . This large male bear was not old , and he certainly died within hours or days of this moment . But there are solutions . We must reduce our carbon footprint , eat the right food , stop cutting down our forests , and begin putting the Earth — our home — first . ”
As the video continues , the bear is shown sifting through trash cans left behind by Inuit fishermen . It finds next to nothing and collapses onto the ground . Under normal circumstances , the animal would 've filled up on seals ( polar bears ' natural prey ) , but they too are vanishing along with the snow and ice on these far northern islands due to climate change . According to the National Snow and Ice Data Center , the rising temperatures and melting ice are making food sources beyond scarce , thus taking a harsh toll on the species as a whole .
Meanwhile , a study by the U.S. Geological Survey reports that the dire climate situation has forced the bears to try to escape the global warming trend by trekking eastward on the remaining , but dwindling , ice . This has the domino effect of requiring the animals to eat even more seals in response to the extra energy they are exerting . But the overall result is diminishing returns in the worst sense .
“ Short of action that effectively addresses the primary cause of diminishing sea ice , it is unlikely that polar bears will be recovered , ” the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service reported back in January of this year .
Since posting the video of the polar bear , Nicklen has been asked why he did not intervene and feed the dying animal .
“ Of course , that crossed my mind , ” said Nicklen . “ But it 's not like I walk around with a tranquilizer gun or 400 pounds of seal meat . ”
Even if he had tried , Nicklen says it would 've only prolonged the bear 's demise . And besides , it 's illegal to feed wild polar bears in Canada .
“ When scientists say bears are going extinct , I want people to realize what it looks like . Bears are going to starve to death , ” Nicklen told National Geographic . “ This is what a starving bear looks like . ”
The wildlife photographer hopes that the tragic image of this one polar bear will help alert and spread a wider message about the deadly consequences of climate change . Nicklen said his best hope is that this footage may change human behavior and policy so this animal will not have died in vain .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump is disputing a report that he watches hours of television each day , calling it , “ Another false story . ”
The president is pushing back against a report in The New York Times about his first year in office that mentioned he watches at least four hours of television a day , sometimes twice that amount .
Trump says on Twitter that he “ seldom , if ever , ” watches CNN or MSNBC , “ both of which I consider Fake News. ” The president says he also never watches CNN anchor Don Lemon 's show , “ CNN Tonight . ”
The Times said its story was based on interviews with 60 advisers , associates , friends and members of Congress .
Advertisement
Trump has repeatedly lodged complaints about mainstream news outlets that he argues have covered his presidency unfairly and inaccurately .
Born on a farm in southwestern France in 1956 , acclaimed chef Alain Ducasse fell in love with food from a young age thanks to his early exposure to the tastes of fresh produce .
Though he started out just as a young 16-year-old apprentice at a local restaurant not far from home , Ducasse now has an enterprise with eight constituents – restaurant , hospitalite , manufacture , conseil , education , edition , culture and reception – catering to people all around the world .
In the 1970s , he was introduced to the world of confectionery and began to cultivate a love of chocolate . However , it took him over 30 years before he could realize his dream which he did by starting La Manufacture , producing his own chocolate for his restaurants in order to have full control over the taste .
Alain Ducasse has opened restaurants globally from Tokyo to Las Vegas but kept his chocolateries solely in France , until now . Two chocolateries have opened in Japan this year ; Nihonbashi in March and Roppongi in April .
But what brought Ducasse to make Japan his first stop for an overseas chocolate shop ? For over 15 years , Alain Ducasse has been coming to Japan two or three times a year . Through those visits , he has met countless producers , chefs and artists who have deeply impressed him with their sincere attitude , the quality of their work and impressive products . He decided what with the attention that the Japanese give to fine details and how they always pursue only the best , there was no place more suitable than Japan for his first chocolaterie abroad .
The chocolate making process starts in Paris with the grinding of the cacao beans themselves . The beans are sourced from various locations but with Le Chocolat Alain Ducasse makes it a point not to mix beans and to keep the personality and individual flavor of each producing country . Le Chocolat in Nihonbashi stores over 20 types of chocolate tablets made in the Paris La Manufacture from over 10 countries with varying cocoa percentages .
These tablets are then melted at 45 to 50 degrees , using different machines depending on whether they are chocolate au lait or noir . The rooms also maintain controlled temperatures with thick glass , curtains and air conditioners . While the ganaches require a warmer room at around 22 to 23 degrees , the other rooms are cooler at around 16 degrees . With so much effort being put into the creation of each piece , you might as well call chocolate making an art form .
You can buy a variety of chocolate products at either the Nihonbashi or Roppongi boutiques from original bonbons , starting at ¥1500 for three pieces , to an assortment of gateaux . There is also a cafe space set up in both stores , La Salon , and at the Nihonbashi branch you can even overlook the chocolate making process whilst indulging in chocolate and drinks on the spot .
LE CHOCOLAT ALAIN DUCASSE MANUFACTURE À TOKYO
〒103-0023
1-1-1 Nihonbashi-honcho
Chuo-ku , Tokyo
LE CHOCOLAT ALAIN DUCASSE ROPPONGI
〒106-0032
Keyakizaka-dori , Roppongi Hills
6-12-2 Roppongi
Minato-ku , Tokyo
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge is famous for a lot of things .
The historic buildings , the university , the star studded alumni including ... well , just everyone who 's done something important for the human race , ever .
And now , perhaps most excitingly , Cambridge has become famous burgers .
With at least nine places in Cambridge dedicated solely to the love of burgers , we set out of the creation the Ultimate Guide to Cambridge 's burgers to help readers make an informed decision about where to eat .
But Newsreaders seem to already have their minds made up .
You 've been polling furiously about the best place to grab a burger and we now have a clear winner .
The poll results are as follows :
Steak and Honour - 32 percent of you voted this streetfood van in a building as your favourite burger joint .
Five Guys - 16 percent voted for the American chain with the extra loud music .
Butch Annies - 12 percent were fans of this hidden gem .
Byron - 12 percent prefer a Byron burger to any other .
GBK - 9 percent would head to Gourmet Burger Kitchen in a burger emergency .
Honest Burger - 8 percent have chosen this newbie as their favourite place .
McDonald 's - 5 percent are still lovin ' here it after all these years .
Chosen Bun - 4 percent already have this marked as their winner despite it only opening in Cambridge a couple of weeks ago .
Rocker 's Steakhouse - 2 percent of you chose Rocker 's as the winner .
So congratulations to Steak and Honour .
In fierce ( FIERCE ) competition , you are Cambridge 's favourite .
In the U.S. , more than 4 out of 10 undergraduate college students are above the age of 25 . When people talk about these adult students , you usually hear words like `` job skills '' and `` quickest path to a degree . ''
But for more than four decades , a special program in Washington state has sought to offer much more than that .
It 's called the Tacoma Program . Back in 1972 , Maxine Mimms , a professor at Evergreen State College , created a new kind of college at her kitchen table , designed to serve students who are starting over in life , and to give them access to deep , transformational learning .
When we drive up to the tiny , strip-mall campus in Tacoma 's historically black Hilltop neighborhood , Mimms greets us wearing a headdress , a robe , a necklace , bracelets and rings crowded with gemstones .
She offers us coffee and takes a deep breath , then launches into her story .
Mimms started this college by teaching students in her home from 5 a.m. to 8 a.m. , before driving to her job at Evergreen State 's main campus in Olympia .
`` I knew it in my heart , '' she says , `` knew it in my spirit that it would work , that it would be successful , because I did n't start with brick and mortar . I did n't care about the building . ''
Eventually , the Tacoma Program became an official campus of Evergreen State .
Mimms is retired now . When she turned 90 this spring , hundreds came to the celebration . Oprah sent her flowers .
This year , the program has more than 130 students . They come for about two years , during the day or at night , to finish up a bachelor 's degree they started someplace else . There 's also a master 's program in teaching .
The average age for undergrads is 38 . Most are women and people of color . About 15 percent have been involved with the criminal justice system . There 's a special program about to launch for Native students .
`` This campus is about access . Access for the black and brown student to get a college degree , '' says Mimms . `` I do n't believe in any negatives . I believe that every black person born in America is a genius and brilliant . ''
Evergreen State is known for progressive , independent learning . Students in the Tacoma Program design their own courses of study to address problems in society , like homelessness or mass incarceration . It 's both supportive and challenging .
And the model is working . A 2014 study showed that , for returning students nationwide , just 1 in 3 earned a degree after several years .
Evergreen Tacoma students do much , much better . Over the last decade , 4 out of 5 have eventually gotten their diplomas — two-thirds within the first two years . Out of the Class of 2017 , 91 percent are either employed or in graduate school . And 18 percent are both employed and in graduate school .
Like Anthony Norman , 44 , who owns a construction business . He just graduated and hopes to earn his Ph.D. in public policy and development starting in the fall at Tuskegee University in Alabama , a historically black university that has forged a relationship with Tacoma .
`` The subject matter here — it put me on a path so that I could observe that the things that happened in my life , to myself , to my family , were more than just a series of unfortunate circumstances , '' Norman says .
For example , he mentions that he , his father and his brother have all been shot . His studies made him more aware of structural patterns of inequity . `` When you can look at the intricacies of things , you can try and see closer to the root of the problem . Rather than just cutting down a blackberry bush that keeps growing , you can actually dig down there and get the root out . ''
`` Here , we think of teaching and learning as helping to facilitate students ' sense of self , '' says Gilda Sheppard , the director of faculty and a sociologist and filmmaker .
Almost everyone fits in the auditorium , which is set up like a high school science fair today with folded cardboard displays . This is the spring fair , where students present capstone projects that are meant to benefit the community . A sign reads , `` ALUMNI PANEL ; ART THERAPY ; HUG AND MORE . '' Children ride on shoulders ; aunties and grandmas dance the `` Electric Slide . '' The city 's mayor , Victoria Woodards , stops by to congratulate the graduates . Norman , who gained video skills in Sheppard 's class , is filming .
Precious Yarborough is a 28-year-old doula , lactation educator and mother of five . Her graduating project is the Puget Sound Birth Professionals of Color , a group she founded to connect people in this area with support for healthy births .
Yarborough often brought her youngest son to class . `` All the students have held my baby at least a couple of times , '' she says . She , like others , tell us what really stands out here is the mutual support . `` The students around you are more like teammates than classmates , '' she says . If you miss class , you 'll likely get a few text messages checking in . The bonds are reinforced with lots of group projects .
The professors team up too . The classes all combine different topics , like photography and geometry . Students often journal and talk about their lives .
A strong learning community , service learning , independent research projects : these are what researcher George Kuh , founder of the National Survey of Student Engagement , calls `` high-impact practices . '' His and others ' research shows they make for more engagement and more persistence in college . This is especially crucial for adult students who , by definition , have n't been successful on a traditional educational path .
Evergreen 's Tacoma Program is what researcher and former college dean David Scobey calls a `` Great College for the New Majority '' because it graduates adults at very high rates — with a culture of strong support .
Mingxia Li has an M.D . from her native China and a Ph.D. in molecular pharmacology from Cornell . She 's also a poet . This spring , she co-taught a class with Anthony Zaragoza on 21st-century diseases . It explored how our evolutionary past contributes to public health problems like diabetes , heart disease and even homelessness and gun violence .
`` I learned very quickly once I came here that the students here are quite different . They have life experience , work experience , and social experience that I do n't know . '' Students love dissecting animals in her class , and she dreams that one day , one of them will decide to go to medical school .
But this kind of deep learning goes against what 's trendy for nontraditional students . Colleges that advertise to adult learners — say , on the bus — promise to put you into the latest , hottest technical jobs , quickly .
When NPR published a story recently extolling the virtues of trade school ( also in Washington State , as it turns out ) it went viral .
And the truth is , enrollment has been down here lately . The faculty has been cut from seven , to six , to just five members next year .
`` The bean counters do n't understand what it is we do here , '' says Peter Bacho , who has taught many subjects including law and literature .
Evergreen President George Bridges says that 's not true . They are launching a rebranding campaign to try to attract more students . But , there are headwinds . Employment is up , so fewer people nationwide are heading back to school . The University of Washington is expanding enrollment in Tacoma , offering another four-year option with greater name recognition . And , working-class residents are being pushed out of this gentrifying neighborhood as prices rise in nearby Seattle .
But for now , this place remains a refuge for the students who do find their way here . Like Kirby Christopher , who turned 60 the day after graduation . He originally dropped out of school in the seventh grade and spent years in and out of jails and prisons . Only one of his six siblings graduated from high school .
`` Since I came here to Evergreen , Tacoma campus , my heart has got bigger , '' he says . Christopher says that coming here , meeting Tacoma students and professors , and reading authors like bell hooks has changed his life . He wants to serve his community as a caseworker for those with mental health issues . It 's the kind of work the campus encourages in its motto : Enter to learn , depart to serve .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders viewers are not happy , not one bit , because they want to know where Abi Branning is .
Not dead Abi , she 's up in heaven now , but her baby daughter who has n't been seen in months .
Max promised he would look after 'Abi Branning The Second ' after revealing he had named his granddaughter after her mother .
The last time she was seen , Max held onto his baby granddaughter 's hand and remarked : `` This time I 'm going to get it right . ''
Everyone was under the belief that Max was going to have custody of the little bundle of joy , but there 's been no sign of her since his return to Walford .
( Image : BBC )
( Image : BBC )
Max made an explosive return this week as he revealed himself as the new owner of the car lot .
Things got even more shocking tonight when Max unveiled his new wife - former sister-in-law Rainie Cross .
But little Abi was n't there to witness her granddad getting married to her great-aunt .
( Image : BBC )
( Image : BBC )
Although that 's nothing new as Abi junior did n't even get taken to her mum 's funeral .
She could be staying with grandma Tanya , but Max heavily implied he would be bringing up the child .
So where is young Abi hiding ? An orphanage ? Max 's house ?
( Image : BBC )
EastEnders viewers took to Twitter to ask the big question .
One viewer said : `` Just a quick question where is Abi 's baby then if she is n't with Max ? ''
Another added : `` Just as I though max comes back so WHERES THE BABY we writers seem to forget story lines we remember max had custody of abbys baby yet he comes back to the square without the baby ''
A third said : `` No one ever mentions Abi 's little girl ... is she still in hospital ? Who is her legal guardian ? So many questions but never any answers ''
* EastEnders continues on Thursday on BBC One at 7.30pm
Oswego District 308 officials are looking to cut its budget , but some parents are worried about the possibility of reducing extracurricular activities.The school board is scheduled to meet at 6 p.m. Monday at Oswego East High School , where administers said they look forward to public comment and suggestions about where to cut the budget.The board is not slated to take action Monday night . `` I 'm not going to predict what happens this evening , but certainly the board is committed to all of our extracurricular activities , '' said Theresa Komitas , the district 's director of communications.State funding for the district , which includes 21 schools in four suburbs , has not kept up with its expenses , administrators said.Parents are worried about extracurricular activities . `` I would hope that people see this as a community issue , '' said parent Heather FimminsDebbie Nuttle said both of her sons have benefitted from programming in the district . `` We understand that everything is up for review and it should be , everything should be looked at to make sure that we are doing the best we can for our kids , '' Nuttle said.Monday morning , the school board president posted a letter that said , in part : `` The options that were presented to school board at the November 27th meeting , were just that , options . We need everyone to understand these options are nowhere close to making the final list of budget cuts . ..... We are also going to slow this process down . Since the November 27th meeting we have received more than 300 budget reduction recommendations from the community . As a result , we need to take a step back and reconsider our timeline . ''
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Keith Chegwin might have been fighting his own health battle over the last few weeks - but he still had time to help others .
The selfless TV star - who was on portable oxygen in the last two months - had been in touch with Katie Price after her mum Amy was diagnosed with the same terminal lung condition that killed him .
And on hearing about the star 's death last night after a `` long-term battle with a progressive lung condition '' Katie took to Twitter to share her grief .
`` I 'm absolutely gutted that Keith has passed away , '' she wrote about her Celebrity Big Brother co-star from the 2015 series .
`` I only spoke to him few weeks ago and he was giving my mum advice as she is suffering with the same lung condition my mum has which is IPF an incurable disease ! ''
( Image : Channel 5 )
She added : `` He was such a very down to earth and extremely funny and absolutely loved his wife maria and children so much !
`` I will miss him and so gutted as we were all trying to fit in a date to meet up .
`` I 'm just in shock how quick this has all happened since I spoke to him .
`` RIP Keith and will continue with your advice for my mum . ''
( Image : ITV )
( Image : Rex Features )
Katie 's mum Amy was told she had between three and five years left to live after being diagnosed with terminal lung condition idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis .
Amy was given the heartbreaking news following an x-ray after initially going to hospital for asthma and a little cough .
Appearing with Katie on Loose Women earlier this year , Amy said that she wanted her daughter to be settled before she 'pegs it . '
Keith was suffering from idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis which causes fibrosis or scarring of the lungs , making the organ stiffer and breathing more difficult .
As was the case for Keith , the condition worsened over time , and there was no cure .
Smoking is thought to be a contributing cause , along with pollution , acid reflux , certain viruses and genetics .
Date Taken : 01.02.2017 Date Posted : 01.02.2017 15:11 Photo ID : 3083233 VIRIN : 170102-F-LI975-0098 Resolution : 2400x3000 Size : 1.04 MB Location : US
Web Views : 5 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work , USAF Total Force Band Plays in 128th Rose Parade [ Image 1 of 12 ] , by Louis Briscese , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Two House Democrats have written a letter to Twitter 's Jack Dorsey , threatening “ increased regulations ” if Twitter fails to crack down on objectionable speech . Bridget Johnson reports at PJ Media :
Two House lawmakers have asked the CEO of Twitter to “ take immediate action to identify and suspend Twitter accounts and automated boys [ sic ] that are being used to spread racist and violent behavior , ” stressing it 's “ incumbent ” for the social-media platform “ to combat the racial animus that is being spread ” there . Rep. Bonnie Watson Coleman ( D-N.J. ) , the first African-American woman to serve in Congress from her home state , and Rep. Emanuel Cleaver ( D-Mo . ) , former chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus , sent the letter Tuesday to Twitter chief Jack Dorsey… .
The letter also referred to Russian accounts , about which a Twitter vice president recently met with Congressional staff . But its main focus was speech deemed racially offensive :
“ It is also troubling to learn that Twitter has become a platform where people feel comfortable sharing racist ideologies , ultimately contributing to the type of violence that we witnessed in August 2017 at the ‘ Unite the Right ' rally in Charlottesville , ” the lawmakers wrote .
* * *
They acknowledged Twitter 's power for good as a tool to “ galvanize social movements , ” but added that “ as a result of the far-reaching nature of Twitter 's technology , we have seen an effort to undermine our democracy , create or fan flames of racial divisions , and spread hate speech that can ultimately culminate into violence . ”
No one I know is in favor of racism or racist speech . I spend very little time on Twitter , but the tweets I have seen that “ fan flames of racial divisions ” have nearly all been of the Black Lives Matter variety , and worse of the same sort . Some of those , we now know , came from fake Russian Twitter accounts that sought to amplify the Black Lives Matter message . But I do n't suppose that is what the Congressmen are talking about .
And “ hate speech ” –generally defined , as best I can tell , as speech liberals do n't like– “ that can ultimately culminate into [ sic ] violence ” is constitutionally protected , a fact that the letter 's authors either do n't know or do n't care about . We heard hate speech at the Democratic National Convention in 2016 , and it may have “ ultimately culminated ” in James Hodgkinson 's attempt to assassinate Republican Congressmen . Nevertheless , it was protected by the First Amendment .
“ We are concerned that insufficient government oversight over your firm is inadvertently leading to deeper racial divisions and threats to our democracy , ” Cleaver and Watson Coleman added . “ If Twitter continues to prove unable or hesitant to grasp the seriousness of this threat and combat the racialized climate that is being stimulated on your platforms , we , as members of Congress , will be left with little option but to demand for [ sic ] increased regulations and government oversight of this industry to address these problems . ”
Nice platform you have here . Shame if anything were to happen to it . This is the Washington protection racket : threaten unconstitutional “ increased regulations and government oversight ” in order to intimidate companies into complying with government demands . But then Twitter , like most companies , is probably led by liberals who are happy to go along with demands to rid their platform of nonconforming speech . Twitter likely will find ways to crack down on speech liberals do n't like , even though the two representatives of the minority party who issued the threat have zero ability to enact legislation .
Is that assessment too cynical ? I sincerely hope so , but I doubt that it is .
Alfie Evans ' family have today returned to court today where they received the devastating news their seriously ill son can not fly to Italy for treatment .
High Court judge Mr Justice Hayden ruled out plans to fly the sick tot to Rome , but urged British doctors to consider letting the boy go home .
The 'emergency ' hearing came as the 23-month-old continues to cling to life more than 21 hours after his life support was reportedly switched off .
Barrister Paul Diamond , representing Alfie 's family , argued it can not be in the tot 's best interests to be left to die at Liverpool 's Alder Hey Hospital in Liverpool .
The group - of which Mr Diamond is standing counsel - claimed an air ambulance was waiting outside Alder Hey ready to take Alfie to hospital in Italy .
( Image : Internet Unknown )
Earlier , Alfie 's dad , Tom Evans , had described how his son had left doctors `` gobsmacked '' by breathing unassisted after his life support was withdrawn .
The father later took to Facebook to say his little boy was `` still alive '' following `` over 10 horrendous , scary , heartbreaking hours '' .
Scroll down for updates on little Alfie .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Eddie Nketiah 's talent earned him a place on Arsenal 's bench for their Europa League last-16 second leg against AC Milan on Thursday night - and fans all spotted the same thing .
The 18-year-old , who has scored 10 goals in 12 Premier League 2 appearances this season , made headlines back in October after coming on as a substitute to score a winning brace against Norwich in the EFL Cup .
But despite the Gunners starlet having also come off the bench five times for Arsenal in the Europa League , it appears he still gets a little starstruck around the big names .
( Image : BT Sport )
After Mesut Ozil was substituted in the 79th minute , the German took a seat on the bench next to Nketiah .
BT Sport cameras focused on the pair only for fans to spot the forward simply staring at his team-mate .
( Image : Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images )
( Image : Stuart MacFarlane )
One fan tweeted : `` Nketiah spent a solid 5-10 seconds looking at Ozil here , living the dream . ''
Another supported added : `` Marry the person who looks at you the way Nketiah looks at Mesut Ozil . ''
Ozil proved to be Wenger 's third substitution against AC Milan which meant Nketiah had to settle with just watching his side beat the Serie A giants from sides .
Goals from Danny Welbeck and Granit Xhaka put the Gunners through to the quarter-finals where they will now face CSKA Moscow .
images sold online by stock agencies are of khmer genoicde victims . Cambodia : Tower of Skulls
images sold online by stock agencies are of khmer genoicde victims . Cambodia : Tower of Skulls
THE woman with her baby stares quietly into the camera , her passive gaze perhaps containing some knowledge of the unspeakable horrors that were about to befall her .
Shortly after the photograph was taken on the woman 's arrival at the infamous Khmer Rouge torture centre S-21 in Phnom Penh , her baby was taken away and killed .
She herself was doomed , the wife of a Khmer Rouge officer who had fallen out of favour , and to become one of the millions of victims of Cambodia 's mass murder of the 1970s .
Until earlier this month , the image of the woman with the short hair , slightly tipped head and
sleeping infant was yours to buy for $ 199.99 for use in a `` marketing package '' .
In other images a woman , pinned with a number , sits slumped beside her baby , and in another a young boy , number 374 , stares terrified at the lens .
Literary publication the Mekong Review has revealed that two stock photo agencies - Alamy and Sprague - were cashing in on the images of the women and other victims of one of history 's most appalling atrocities .
Photo of woman and her baby at the Khmer Rouge torture centre before their genocidal murder was on sale as a stock image for profit .
All the people in the black and white photos for sale online died in the Khmer Rouge 's Year Zero genocide , more commonly known as Cambodia 's Killing Fields .
Publishing the images on Twitter , the Mekong Review wrote : `` These portraits were taken by Khmer Rouge cadres before they tortured and killed these people .
`` This is wrong ... selling photos of Khmer Rouge victims which they have no copyright on . `` No one owns these photos .
`` They were taken by members of a regime that was responsible for the death of 2 million people . ''
The Cambodian genocide began in 1975 when the country 's communists called the Khmer Rouge overthrew the democratic government and seized power .
Mekong Review Twitter post about the sale prices and marketing of this Khmer Rouge 's victim 's image taken before her murder .
Kaing Guek Eav , aka ‘ Duch ' who ran the S-21 torture centre where the woman and baby died .
Led by five men including the notorious Pol Pot , they established `` Year Zero '' , forcibly evacuating people from the cities back into the countryside and murdering perceived opponents .
Money was abolished , books were burned and the country 's intellectual elite including teachers and wealthy traders were slaughtered to realise Pol Pot 's dream of an agricultural communist utopia .
Up to three million Cambodians - one quarter of the nation 's population - were killed while the country fell into ruin and famine .
Arbitrary executions and torture were carried against perceived subversive members of the Khmer Rouge 's own ranks , such as the unfortunate husband of the lady with her baby in the photograph .
Cambodian boy stands by remains of Khmer Rouge genocide victims in Kandal province . Picture : Heng Sinith .
After four years of terror , the Khmer Rouge was removed from power when Vietnamese forces invaded .
Left behind were the skeletons of the many victims and their photographs .
Visitors to Cambodia today can see the thousands of photos taken by the Khmer Rouge of their victims which take up the rooms of the Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum in the capital , Phnom Penh .
The museum is on the site of the former high school which was used as Security Prison 21 , S-21 , to torture and kill victims .
A `` tower of skulls '' can be seen at the Choeung Ek Genocidal Center , the site of a former orchard and mass grave containing 8,895 bodies 17km south of the capital .
The Mekong Review reported that no release form for use of the images had been signed before they were marketed by Alamy and Sprague .
It called into question the practice of selling the images for commercial use on legal and moral grounds .
On Monday , the Mekong Review reported that Alamy and Sprague had now removed the images from their sites .
Images of killing fields genocide victims sold online by stock photo agencies for profit .
Skulls and nones of Killing Fields victims at Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum in Phnom Penh .
Schoolgirl with photographs of murdered at the Tuol Sleng ( S-21 ) Genocide Museum in Phnom Penh .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Antonio Conte 's Chelsea future will be sealed by four huge matches over the next six weeks — starting with their Champions League last-16 tie against Barcelona next month .
It has been claimed in his native Spain that ex-Barca boss Luis Enrique could even be installed on the Blues bench BEFORE the first leg with his former club on February 20 .
Chelsea insist it is business as usual after backing their head coach in the January transfer window and with the reigning Premier League champions still in three competitions .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
But there is increasing irritation in the boardroom about recent poor results — especially Wednesday 's 3-0 home defeat to Bournemouth — and Conte 's repeated public criticism of club policy .
Last year 's title winners are in fourth place , 18 points adrift of the leaders , and face a crucial run of games , starting with that first encounter with Barcelona at Stamford Bridge followed by away trips to the Manchester giants — City and United .
CONTE 'S FATEFUL FOURSOME
DATE COMPETITION OPPONENTS Feb 20 Champions League Barcelona ( h ) Feb 25 Premier League Man United ( a ) Mar 4 Premier League Man City ( a ) Mar 14 Champions League Barcelona ( a )
After a home game against Crystal Palace , it 's the return with Barça at the Nou Camp .
The fragile peace between the manager and the club will be shattered by more humiliations or outbursts and would bring forward his planned departure at the end of the season .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Amazingly , the last two Premier League-winning managers – Jose Mourinho at Chelsea and Leicester 's Claudio Ranieri – have both been sacked before the end of the following campaign .
Conte has told friends he is determined to fight on in his £9million-a-year job despite his frustrations .
( Image : Reuters )
( Image : EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock )
But the Italian risked further upsetting the bosses in the wake of the Bournemouth game by claiming it would be “ normal ” for this squad to finish outside of the Champions League places — Chelsea have spent nearly £250m on nine new players since last summer .
Owner Roman Abramovich sacked then-manager Andre Villas-Boas between last-16 legs six years ago , before caretaker boss Roberto Di Matteo went on to win the trophy .
( Image : Getty )
There is no non-Italian assistant now left at the Bridge since the departure of Steve Holland to work with the England squad , and sacking Conte would require bringing in at least a temporary replacement .
Enrique is taking a sabbatical after three years in charge of Barcelona but other top candidates such as Max Allegri and Diego Simeone are in jobs .
Former Chelsea midfielder Gus Poyet told talkSPORT : “ It does n't look right from outside . And this is not just coming from the last month — it is from the summer .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ I would leave the manager to finish the season . It is very important not to create another issue with another manager with another system and another mentality ahead of a massive Champions League game . ”
Andreas Christensen is set to miss Monday 's trip to Watford with the hamstring strain that forced him off in the first half against Bournemouth , but Willian should return in midfield .
( CNN ) — President Donald Trump will hire an attorney to join his personal legal team who has alleged the President is being framed by a group of FBI and Justice Department officials , two sources familiar with the matter told CNN .
The longtime Washington attorney , Joseph diGenova , is expected to join the President 's legal team at a time when Trump is taking a more aggressive approach to publicly dealing with special counsel Robert Mueller ‘ s investigation , lobbing a series of attacks against Mueller on Twitter over the weekend .
The New York Times first reported ( http : //nyti.ms/2GISxjI ) on diGenova 's hiring .
Related content : The Latest : Trump legal team gives document to Mueller
DiGenova declined to comment when reached by CNN .
“ Former US Attorney for the District of Columbia Joe DiGenova will be joining our legal team later this week . I have worked with Joe for many years and have full confidence that he will be a great asset in our representation of the President , ” Jay Sekulow , counsel to the President , told CNN .
Related content : A frustrated Trump lashes out at special counsel Mueller
A source familiar with the plans said diGenova will join the legal team , in part , to engage with the media and actively defend the President .
The President 's plans to hire diGenova come two months after diGenova appeared on Fox News to allege that FBI and Justice Department officials carried out “ a brazen plot to illegally exonerate Hillary Clinton and , if she did n't win the election , to then frame Donald Trump with a falsely created crime . ”
“ Everything we have seen from these texts , and from all the facts developing , shows that the FBI and senior DOJ officials conspired to violate the law , and deny Donald Trump his civil rights , ” diGenova said at the time , pointing to controversial text messages between two FBI officials that came to light .
A former North Shore teacher is now under investigation in California and Illinois following allegations that he sexually abused dozens of students , a case first reported by the I-Team in November 2016.In the 1970s and 1980s , Charles Ritz was a teacher in Lake Bluff , where one former student now calls him `` a monster '' who he suggested may have molested more than 100 students . Then Ritz taught for 30 years in Southern California , where a special investigator has now been hired to look into possible student abuse there . There are calls tonight for similar action in suburban Chicago . `` Ritz was investigated by the Lake Bluff school district in 1985 for abusing students . They allowed him to resign and did not contact police , '' said Joelle Casteix , victim 's rights advocate.School board members outside Los Angeles heard the sordid allegations against Ritz , who after leaving Lake Bluff taught math at La Habra High School for 30 years and , some students said , sexually abused them . `` We now know that at least 10 men have come forward and said that during that 30-year tenure at La Habra High , Charles Ritz sexually molested them . Like they did at Penn State , we want a third party to come in here and go through all the files . We want to know how Charles Ritz got hired , '' Casteix said.Tonight Fullerton , Calif. , school district officials have committed to hiring a special investigator to look into Ritz 's conduct.When the I-Team visited Ritz near Los Angeles last fall , he did n't want to talk about his time as a teacher at La Habra High School , nor would he answer questions about his previous job across the country , a decade teaching in Lake Bluff on Chicago 's North Shore.On ABC 7 News at 10 p.m. , the I-Team will tell the store of Jim Moss , who said his family members have attended Lake Bluff schools for 90 years . At the Lake Bluff School Board meeting Tuesday night , Moss said he plans to tell his story and demand they too open an investigation of Ritz like the one in California.The Lake Bluff police chief told the I-Team , `` The allegations occurred more than 30 years ago '' and said that they are following up on information that is available today . The Lake County State 's Attorney said only that the Ritz case is under investigation . Ritz has not returned messages left for him in California where authorities renewed his teaching license last July . He is still listed in good standing .
uncovered by Roskomnadzor , otherwise the US broadcaster 's license in Russia may be suspended , the country 's communications regulator said . `` We 've recently issued an order to [ CNN ] . It instructs the television channel and the broadcaster to eliminate the violations that we detected before October 11 , '' Vadim Subbotin , Roskomnadzor deputy head , told Interfax.Subbotin warned . According to the official , the watchdog is currently reviewing the paperwork provided by CNN in response to the complaints . `` We 'll have more precise information somewhere around October 11 , '' he said.During his earlier speech at a session of the Russian Federation Council 's Committee on State Sovereignty Protection , Subbotin said that he `` would n't like one to draw parallels between the activities of Roskomnadzor and the activities our colleagues from the US Justice Department are now conducting regarding our [ Russian ] media.he said.In late September , CNN received a warning from Roskomnadzor overIt was ordered to eliminate the violation , which the watchdog 's head Aleksandr Zharov described as `` mundane . `` he said.In recent months , increased pressure has been applied in America on Russia 's RT channel and Sputnik news agency over their claimed role in the alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 US presidential campaign . On Wednesday , it was reported thatRT Editor-in-Chief Margarita Simonyan decried the move as an attempt at an outright ban of the broadcaster in the US , while the Foreign Ministry stressed thatThe State Sovereignty Protection Committee chairman , Andrey Klimov , stressed the need for Russia to come up with a response to the pressure on Russian media in the US . `` According to the recommendations of our commission , the relevant ministries and departments are invited to develop and , if necessary , begin to implement countermeasures against the US media [ operating in Russia ] within the framework of existing legislation , '' he said on Thursday.Demands for RT to register under FARA may be faced by `` adequate strictly balanced measures '' by Moscow , Klimov added .
California 's right-to-die law on hold for at least a month
Photo : Carl Costas / Associated Press In this Sept. 11 , 2015 , file photo , Debbie Ziegler , mother of ...
California 's right-to-die law for terminally ill patients will apparently remain suspended for at least another month after a judge on Wednesday reaffirmed his ruling that the law was illegally considered and passed during a special legislative session on health care .
Riverside County Superior Court Judge Daniel Ottolia ruled the law invalid May 15 and halted its enforcement last Friday . It had been in effect since June 2016 , allowing doctors to prescribe life-ending medication to mentally competent adults who have less than six months to live .
On Wednesday , the nonprofit Compassion & Choices , which has sponsored such laws in California and other states , asked Ottolia to suspend his ruling and cited its potential impact on two terminally ill patients , one of them an 82-year-old Marin County woman who has already obtained a prescription for life-ending medication . The judge denied the request .
Attorney General Xavier Becerra also asked Ottolia to set his ruling aside , arguing that the judge improperly issued a statewide order in a local lawsuit and also should have given his office 10 days , under state law , to file objections to Friday 's order before putting it into effect . Ottolia scheduled a hearing on those issues for June 29 . Last week a state appeals court , without explanation , denied Becerra 's request to immediately reinstate the law while it prepared to review the case .
With the law suspended , “ terminally ill Californians now are left without the option of medical aid in dying to peacefully end unbearable suffering , ” said Kevin Diaz , a lawyer for Compassion & Choices . He said Ottolia has made it “ pretty clear where he stands ” and is not likely to withdraw his ruling at the June 29 hearing .
The suit was filed by another nonprofit , the Life Legal Defense Foundation , on behalf of a group of doctors who contended the law could be exploited by a patient 's greedy relatives and lacked safeguards to limit its application to those who are terminally ill . The foundation 's executive director , Alexandra Snyder , said Wednesday that Becerra had intervened in the case at an early stage and had all the opportunities he needed to defend the law from a statewide challenge .
The law requires two doctors to determine that a patient will die within six months and is mentally competent to choose death . In its first six months , the state reported , 173 Californians were prescribed lethal medications by their doctors and 111 of them took the drugs . Similar laws are in effect in six other states and the District of Columbia .
In his May 15 ruling , Ottolia said the law was not closely related to “ improving the health of Californians , ” Gov . Jerry Brown 's stated purpose for calling a special legislative session in 2015 , when the law was passed . Brown concluded otherwise when he signed the measure .
Because of the ruling , doctors can no longer prescribe life-ending medication to dying patients , and a patient who had already been provided with the medication would be committing suicide by taking it , with implications for insurance coverage . One such patient is Joan Nelson , 82 , of Marin County , who has been diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma , a terminal cancer .
“ I am very troubled to learn that this court has made a ruling that could interfere with my ability to use my aid-in-dying medication when my suffering becomes unbearable , ” Nelson said in Compassion & Choices ' unsuccessful motion for Ottolia to suspend his ruling .
Bob Egelko is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . Email : begelko @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ BobEgelko
Kenneka Jenkins .
Kenneka Jenkins , the 19-year-old Chicago woman was found dead in a hotel freezer in northwest suburban Rosemont last month , died of hypothermia , according to the Cook County medical examiner 's office.Her death was ruled an accident . Alcohol and topiramate intoxication - a prescription drug used to treat epilepsy and migraines - were listed as contributing factors , the Chicago Sun-Times is reporting . Jenkins ' family said she was not prescribed topiramate.Attorneys for Jenkins ' mother also filed an emergency petition to preserve all surveillance recordings taken inside the Crowne Plaza Hotel hotel from before the time Jenkins was found dead in an unused freezer last month.The filing also asks the hotel to produce a schedule of any employees and independent contractors who were at the hotel from Sept. 8 through Sept. 10.Also included in the filing - and not previously disclosed publicly - are results from Jenkins ' postmortem examination.The filing states that Jenkins ' organs were all present and intact ; there was no evidence of physical injury or bruising - including no head , neck , arm or back trauma.Jenkins left her home near the United Center at 11:30 p.m. Sept. 8 to go to a party in a room of the Crowne Plaza , according to Rosemont Police . Jenkins ' sister last heard from her via text message about 1:30 a.m. Sept. 9.About 4 a.m. on Sept. 9 , Jenkins ' friends called her mother to tell her they could not find her , longtime Chicago anti-violence activist Andrew Holmes has said . An hour later , Tereasa Martin - who had recently undergone a double mastectomy - was at the hotel . She filled out a police report and Jenkins ' sister reported her missing.Jenkins was last seen at a party on the ninth floor in the early hours of Sept. 9 , police said . She was reported missing at 1:16 p.m. that afternoon . Police told Martin that surveillance footage showed Jenkins inebriated near the front desk , according to Holmes.Hotel staff and management searched the hotel and discovered Jenkins inside a freezer at 12:24 a.m. Sept. 10 , police said.In Friday 's court filing , Martin 's attorneys disclosed that Jenkins ' body had no signs of physical trauma - including no signs of sexual assault.In the days and weeks after her death , Twitter and Facebook were flooded with conspiracy theories about how Jenkins had died , with some speculating that she was murdered in the freezer and her organs were harvested.Though no lawsuit has been filed , Martin 's attorneys contend that employees knew the party - which had 20 underage attendees and was funded with a stolen credit card , according to police - was going on . The motion also states that several of the hotel 's walk-in freezers are equipped with padlocks , but not the one Jenkins was found in.Additionally , Martin 's attorneys say that though they 've been provided most security footage they 've requested , no footage from two other cameras has been given to them . Specifically , from one camera `` near the upstairs abandoned kitchen ; and , another outside the lower level functioning kitchen . `` A spokesman for the Crowne Plaza Hotel did not respond to requests for comment.Hotel security footage previously released by the Rosemont police shows Jenkins walking through the hotel in the hours before her death . She can be seen stumbling and struggling to keep her balance , though none of the footage shows her going into the freezer.Among the clips , Jenkins can be seen arriving at the hotel with three other people shortly after midnight Saturday . Subsequent clips show her stumbling off elevators and walking alone through hallways.Friday afternoon , a spokesman for Rosemont police said Jenkins ' is still being treated as `` an ongoing death investigation '' and not a criminal matter.After her death , protesters gathered for several weeks outside the Crowne Plaza , chanting , demanding `` Justice For Kenneka '' and calling for an independent investigation into her death by the FBI - an idea the Rosemont Police Department quickly quashed .
LINCOLN – The holiday season is upon us , and there 's an important task to add to your to-do list – secure your medications and clean out your medicine cabinet .
Holidays often mean houseguests . With extra people in your home , medications can easily fall into the wrong hands , resulting in accidental poisoning or drug misuse and abuse . “ The majority of prescription medicine abusers get them from the medicine cabinet of a friend or relative , ” points out Hallie Schimenti , Project Coordinator for the Nebraska Pharmacists Association .
“ Now is a great time to take a look around your home and ensure any medications are out of sight and reach , ” said Joan McVoy , Public Educator with the Nebraska Regional Poison Control Center . “ Unfortunately , many toddlers suffer poisonings while visiting grandparents , so it 's important to keep medications safe from curious little fingers . ”
There 's a simple way for you to do your part this holiday season to prevent drug abuse and accidental poisoning , while protecting water supplies – take back your unused , expired , or leftover medications to one of the nearly 320 pharmacies across Nebraska participating in the Nebraska MEDS initiative .
“ These pharmacies will take back medications free of charge , any time , for safe disposal , ” says McVoy .
When flushed , put down the drain , or thrown in the trash , over-the-counter and prescription medications can contaminate water supplies . Most water treatment facilities do not have the capacity to remove these emerging contaminants .
Every day is take-back day in Nebraska ! To find a participating pharmacy near you , visit www.leftovermeds.com or call the Nebraska Regional Poison Center at 1-800-222-1222
The Nebraska Medication Education on Disposal Strategies ( MEDS ) Coalition educates Nebraskans about drug disposal and provide safe ways to dispose of them to better safeguard the environment and protect public health . The Coalition includes the Nebraska Pharmacists Association , The Groundwater Foundation , Lincoln/Lancaster County Health Department , Lincoln Police Department , Coalition Rx , Lincoln Public School Nurses , LiveWise Coalition , Nebraska Department of Environmental Quality , Nebraska Department of Health and Human Services , Nebraska Hospital Association , Nebraska Medical Association , Nebraska Recycling Council , Nebraska Regional Poison Center , Safe Kids Lincoln-Lancaster County , KETV , Nebraska Attorney General 's Office , and Nebraska State Patrol . The Nebraska MEDS initiative is funded by the Nebraska Environmental Trust and the Nebraska Legislature .
An earthquake with a magnitude of 5.8 rocked St Kitts and Nevis early Monday , but there are no reports of injuries or damage.The Trinidad-based Seismic Research Unit says the tremor was recorded at 1:23 am ( local time ) at a latitude of 17.48 N , longitude of 61.20 W at depth of 10 km . `` It 's the strongest I ever felt . I thought it was my dogs under the bed . It was strong , '' said former Miss St Kitts , Sudeakka Francis , in a post on her Facebook page.The centre of the quake was located 83 km north-east of St John 's , Antigua ; 141 km north-north-east of Point-Pitre , Guadeloupe and 171 km east of Basseterre .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Anyone who 's found themselves hooked on Sex and the City knows the allure of a pair of Jimmy Choos - but Professor Jimmy Choo , OBE , is so much more than a shoe brand .
Joining forces with his godson Reggie , the designer has launched a one-of-a-kind exhibition at the RG Hung gallery in Cambridge 's Jesus Lane .
Clad in a navy suit and some of the most spectacularly 'bling bling ' shoes we have ever seen - his words not ours - Prof Choo gave a speech and cut the ribbon at the exhibition launch today ( Feb 2 ) .
The display , which features diamond-encrusted shoes and jewellery , is open to the public for one month , so be sure to head down there for your chance to witness a slice of fashion history .
After being fully dazzled by the works of art ( say what you like , fashion is art ) , we were able to have a chat with the man himself - and this is what we learnt .
( Image : David Johnson )
He is very kind and very humble
Shallow as it sounds , we were not expecting him to be so personable , from the moment we shook hands to the parting kiss on the cheek he was a complete gentleman : friendly , open and easy to talk to .
Which for a man of such brilliance is quite humbling .
He sold his half of the Jimmy Choo business
Jimmy Choo , OBE , does n't actually have anything to do with Jimmy Choo Ltd .
The business was co-founded by Vogue accessories editor Tamara Mellon , who saw the potential in expanding the business and outsourcing to Italian factories , meaning the shoes were no longer handmade by Choo .
Inevitably the brand took off , and became the go-to for Hollywood stars .
Jimmy said : `` It became out of control . Everyone wanted Jimmy Choo shoes for their catwalk shows in every country every where I went .
`` I would sometimes spend four of five days in the workshops overseeing these shoes and I just said enough is enough . I am passionate about what I do , I love what I do and that was n't it any more . ''
Now he designs select shoes and makes them himself , as he used to when he first began , but his primary job is to mentor others .
`` I love to mentor others and teach them what I know . I made a lot of money doing what I do and that 's knowledge I want to pass on . ''
( Image : David Johnson )
When asked who the most famous person he had designed for was , he said his mum
This really caught us off-guard . This is a man who 's brand is known as a household staple to half of Hollywood .
Rich and beautiful people from all over the globe wore his shoes every day but the most important one of all was his mum .
`` It was never about the money , or the stars . My mum was always the one who taught me be kind and sincere . My dad taught me how to make shoes , he would always tell me : 'Sit back and watch ' - and I did .
`` My mother had very little education , but she had a very big heart and that was all that mattered . ''
He is very humble
We 've already said this , but it really is true .
Jimmy said : `` Did you know Jesus College actually let me give a talk ? Hundreds of people came because they let me do it . It was really brilliant - I got to share something which I love with some brilliant people . ''
We 'd let you give a talk too JC .
He loves Cambridge
We know what you 're thinking , of course he 'd say that .
But it seemed far from a forced answer . When we asked him why he brought this exhibition to our humble hometown he was full of nothing but compliments for our lovely city .
`` Who in this world can truly say they do n't want to come to Cambridge ? I brought the exhibition here because my godson owns this gallery , but even if he did n't there would still be a pull .
`` It 's beautiful , graceful and classy and you would n't know it but I actually spend quite a lot of time here . ''
And enjoys walks by the river ...
He continued : `` There are so many wonderful things to do in Cambridge . You can go out to eat , spend time with your family . I really enjoy being down by the river - it is so beautiful and serene . ''
The diamonds on the shoes on display are real and very expensive
There 's no surprise here really , but some of the diamonds in the exhibition can cost up to £2 million EACH .
Prof Choo reassured us that they were all sustainably sourced , but we could n't get over the price tag .
£2 million - that could almost buy you a house in Cambridge .
( Image : David Johnson )
He is always on the hunt for young people to train
Another huge pull for setting up the exhibition in Cambridge is his desire to train aspiring designers .
The latest of his trainees has won awards and he showed no signs of slowing down .
`` People always ask me why I bother with young people and I always reply because they are the future . When I die who will there be to continue my legacy if not the youth ? ''
He believes that being kind and sincere are all that really matters
In the very short chat we had , JC kept reiterating the same thing : provided you are kind and sincere you will be happy and respected .
We 've got something in our eye , OK ?
He is going home to Malaysia to celebrate Chinese New Year
This chat could n't be all work and no play . He 's a professional bloke but he likes to have fun too .
`` I 've been in Cambridge for a couple of days and I 'm sad to leave but with Chinese New Year around the corner I want to head home to celebrate . I 'll be there for a little while and then return to London where I am judging an exciting competition . ''
He wants to take me for dinner and make me a pair of shoes
As a woman with * coughs * large feet , I was slightly put out that the shoes in the exhibition would just about cover my big toe , so when I questioned him about potentially making size 10 ladies ' shoes , he was nothing but lovely .
`` Let me tell you size 10 is n't large , the Prime Minister lives in number 10 for a reason . I can mould any shoe size in the world . It only starts to get difficult when you start talking about size 14 and 15 . A size 10 that 's easy , next time I 'm in town I 'll take you for dinner and I 'll make you a pair of shoes you 'll love . ''
I 'll be checking my phone every hour for the next 30 years then ...
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app .
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
NEW DELHI : The counting of votes for bypolls to four Lok Sabha seats and 10 assembly seats has begun on Thursday . The polling was conducted on May while the re-polling was held on May 30 .
The Lok Sabha constituencies where votes are being counted are Kairana ( Uttar Pradesh ) , Bhandara-Gondia and Palghar ( Maharashtra ) and Nagaland parliamentary constituency while the 10 assembly seats are Palus Kadegaon ( Maharashtra ) , Noorpur ( Uttar Pradesh ) , Jokihat ( Bihar ) , Gomia and Silli ( Jharkhand ) , Chengannur ( Kerala ) , Ampati ( Meghalaya ) , Shahkot ( Punjab ) , Tharali ( Uttarakhand ) and Maheshtala ( West Bengal ) .
WATCH the Live streaming of by-election results here
The seat of Noorpur in Uttar Pradesh fell vacant after the death of sitting BJP MLA Lokendra Singh Chouhan . Chouhan was a two-time MLA from here . Tharali seat in Uttarakhand is reserved for the member of scheduled castes . The by-poll was necessitated after the death of the BJP MLA Magan Lal Shah in February .
Peterson Chiropractic & Wellness , located at 31 Bailey Avenue , has changed its name to Peterson Chiropractic & Acupuncture .
By participating in the comments section of this site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and User Agreement
There is more choice than ever when it comes to taking the kids on a day out across the Home Counties and beyond but Cadbury World is still worth going that little bit further .
Cadbury World may have been around a long time - the Willy Wonka-inspiring factory itself since the 1800s - but it still attracts a huge number of families every year .
The theme par-esque welcome at Cadbury World
Seen as a new venture into the leisure industry when it opened in 1990 , Cadbury World began its life principally as a public relations tool , but quickly became a popular half-day venue for people of all ages looking for quality leisure time .
The original attraction was very educational and historical-based , with mainly static displays . Over time , Cadbury World has grown to be a family attraction of much bigger dimensions .
It has maintained visitor numbers comfortably in excess of half a million annually but has had to morph its educational offering with some theme park-esque fun to compete with other family attractions .
It has managed to do just that without losing any of the magic and there is a diverse range of things to do during a visit from seasonal events to a chocolatier experience , the Cadabra ride , 4D chocolate adventure and walkabout elements which take you on a journey of chocolate from its Aztec beginnings .
There are seasonal events all year round like the recent Halloween Spooktacular
What you do during your visit will very much be dictated by the age of the people in your party but you all end up at the same place , the world 's biggest Cadbury store which is actually reasonably priced and boasts lots of exclusive treats not available elsewhere .
As if the brand was n't well known enough it is now one of the key sponsors of the Premier League and it shows with life size chocolate footballs on sale in the store .
One of the highlights of the walkarounds is the mechanical ‘ Phil Collins gorilla ' re-enacting the famous advert as he belts out the classic tune on the drums .
The new Purple Planet interactive zone is great fun for the kids and the most modern element of Cadbury World .
The African Adventure Playground at Cadbury World
Seasonal events like the recent Halloween Spooktacular during the October half-term are ideal for family visits and if the weather is kind there is even an outdoor play park area to enjoy .
A family of five can visit for just under £60 while children under four go free .
The Birmingham-based attraction is often deemed that bit too far for Home Counties dwellers ... but the ever evolving Cadbury World still has that wonderful charm which makes it worth the extra few miles .
On a recent afternoon in Albuquerque , N.M. , Deb Haaland sits with a thick stack of paper in front of her , calling donors to thank them for their contributions and to ask them for more money .
After winning her Democratic primary , Haaland , a member of the Pueblo of Laguna , a Native American tribe , is running for the U.S. House in a strongly Democratic district in New Mexico . That means she may soon be the first Native American woman in Congress .
`` Somebody has to be the first , '' she says as she walks through the southeast neighborhood where her office is . `` Native women , I mean we 've been on the frontlines for a long , long time . Think of all the native women who have fought for treaty rights and fishing rights and all of those things . ''
Haaland worked on President Obama 's 2008 campaign before chairing the state 's Democratic Party . But after thinking a woman would become president in 2016 and feeling let down , she says she decided to run for federal office . Because she says , she understands what it is to be working class in the United States .
`` I identified with so much of what people go through in this district and in the state . Half of our population is Medicaid eligible , '' she says . `` I know what it 's like to be on food stamps . My daughter and I both are paying off our student loans . So , I just felt like I know what it 's like and we need more people who know what it 's like to struggle . ''
Haaland is a single mom , went to 13 different public schools in the district where she 's on the ballot and says she understands Indian country .
`` We have a president who does n't understand what the trust responsibility is to tribes or our history at all . '' She says that 's a major reason why she 's running for Congress . `` You want to have influence over people who are making decisions for one of the most vulnerable communities in our country . ''
She 's one of a record number of Native American women running for office this year — a record number of women among a record number of Native American candidates . This year , Haaland says , is the year of women of color .
`` This year , maybe we just all said separately , 'It 's time us to take the next step . ' ``
Then there 's Peggy Flanagan , a state representative in Minnesota now running for lieutenant governor . Her top campaign issues include access to child care , education and inequities affecting `` children of color and Indigenous students . ''
But also , she says , it 's an opportunity to educate people about Native Americans and to stop legislation that 's done to her community , rather than alongside it .
`` Minneapolis is the birthplace of the American Indian movement and we have incredible history as well as infrastructure , '' she says . `` Oftentimes , it 's just ignorance ... That we were n't given these rights . We always had them . Educating folks on issues of sovereignty . ''
There 's also Paulette Jordan , making a Democratic bid for governor in the conservative state of Idaho . She grew up on a reservation in a rural part of the state .
`` We need leadership that will help defend the voices of the people and the needs of our community . There is no other option but to lead . That 's why I 'm running for governor , '' she says . `` Balance in the voices of representation in government is wholly unique and very critical . ''
Even without big wins in the fall for these candidates , the sheer number matters says Mark Trahant . He 's the editor of the news site Indian Country Today . He 's been keeping track of Native American candidates for the last six years .
`` There really is a record year this year . It 's extraordinary , '' Trahant says . `` You see folks running for such a variety of offices . ''
There are two Native American men in Congress now - both Republicans — and Trahant expects as many as ten Native Americans will be on the congressional ballot this fall . He says that 's double the number in 2016 .
In Oklahoma , there is a race between two Native American candidates , one a Democrat and the other a Republican . As for statewide offices , there are more Native Americans running for lieutenant governor alone , six candidates , than the number who ran for statewide offices across the country in 2016 .
Trahant says some of this is a reaction to the current political climate , but it 's also the fruit of years of work by Native American organizers , advocates and politicians .
And the candidates , he says , especially the women , are dismantling stereotypes with campaigns that show the diversity of Indian country .
Tatewin Means , a candidate who recently lost a primary for attorney general in South Dakota , had a groundbreaking political ad because it was in Lakota . Trahant says is the first time he 's seen a political ad in a native language .
There 's also Sharice Davids , an ex-MMA fighter and lesbian who 's running for Congress in Kansas .
She wears a t-shirt that reads , `` Strong , Indigenous , Resilient '' as she pounds a punching bag .
In the ad , she says `` It 's 2018 , and women , Native Americans , gay people , the unemployed and the underemployed have to fight like hell just to survive . ''
Trahant says this ad and others are changing things .
`` What 's important about these ads is they will change people 's perceptions about Native Americans in general , not just the political campaigns , but how people perceive the native community , '' he says .
It 's also galvanizing Indigenous voters who he says are often sidelined by voting laws and distrustful of a government that has taken so much from them .
That 's clear when walking around with Deb Haaland in Albuquerque . Many different kinds of people , Native Americans and more , walk up to congratulate her on her primary win .
At a recent minor league baseball game , Robert Piper greets her . `` As a native Hawaiian , I 'm very proud of you , '' he tells Haaland , shaking her hand . Even though he ca n't vote in New Mexico , he says when one Native American rises `` it lifts all First Nations people . ''
As Haaland leaves the field , an employee grabs her hand , holds it and says `` From one Native American sister to another , congratulations . ''
Back at the office , one of Haaland 's interns , Dechellie Gray , gets emotional as she explains why she 's working on the campaign . `` I see my family in her family and I think that 's something that 's really important that I 've never seen before . '' She 's Navajo .
Her voice trails off and she pauses to hold back tears . `` It 's just very emotional for me because it means so much , '' she says . Gray says she 's never seen anyone who she looks like run for federal office . New Mexico is about 10 percent Native American .
`` I just think that it 's really important that a government represents the people that live in their districts , '' Gray says . `` Deb always tells the story of her grandparents being sent to boarding school . And my great grandparents experienced The Long Walk . She knows what that 's like . And I do n't think that a lot of politicians see that and have first-hand experience of that . ''
There 's a lot of energy around this year 's crop of candidates but getting voters out is another issue . Historically , Indigenous voters have had some of the lowest turnout rates of any group in the country .
Mira Sorvino is enlisting in The Code : The Oscar-winning actress has signed on to play a lead role in the CBS military/courtroom drama pilot , according to our sister site Deadline .
The Code centers on the Marine Corps ' Judge Advocate Division , where each attorney is trained to be a prosecutor , a defense attorney , an investigator and a Marine . Sorvino will play the division 's commanding officer Eisa Turnbull , who supervises a staff of U.S. Marine attorneys . One of the highest-ranking women in the Marine Corps , Eisa also has two sons who are both serving overseas .
Brothers & Sisters alum Dave Annable signed on last week to star as Captain John “ Sid ” Sidney , a driven prosecutor and active-duty Marine . The pilot , which scored an official order from CBS last month , is written by Craig Sweeny ( Limitless ) and Craig Turk ( The Good Wife ) .
Sorvino , who won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress in 1995 for her role in the Woody Allen comedy Mighty Aphrodite , recently made a guest appearance on ABC 's Modern Family in a role that spoofed Gwyneth Paltrow and her Goop lifestyle brand . Her other recent TV credits include Falling Skies , Psych and Stalker .
Sean Harling 46 , Mastic Occupation Radiation safety officer at Stony Brook University Height 5-foot-10 Before 255 pounds , December 2015 After 185 pounds , April 2018
The unusual part of Sean Harling 's weight loss story is that he did n't realize he dropped pounds until colleagues started mentioning his baggy clothes .
When Harling , who admits he would n't be mistaken for a dapper dresser , eventually stepped on a scale , he discovered he was down 45 to 50 pounds . He credits the weight loss to boxing classes he 's been taking .
“ My son had joined a boxing program in September of 2015 , and I decided a few months later to give it a shot . My objective was n't to lose weight but to learn how to box , ” says Harling .
“ At first I went to a class twice a week , but then became more interested in the science of boxing and started going more often . . . . Now I love boxing . ”
His interest has turned competitive . He 's signed up to compete in an international boxing tournament in June .
Harling said that about four months ago he started taking an interest in what he was eating . “ I really got hooked on watching what I was eating and tracking my calories , weight and steps . ”
An added bonus to his weight loss , Harling says , is being more comfortable around people and more confident socializing .
Get the Breaking News newsletter ! Get the latest breaking news as it happens . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Harling starts his day with a protein shake and does n't eat again until lunch time , when he usually has a fish and vegetable meal his wife prepares for him . His boxing class is in the evening , so Harling eats dinner after that , around 8:30 p.m. Dinner is always beefed , chicken or fish , a green vegetable and , periodically , a sweet potato .
Harling has never been a sweets eater , and if he eats snacks at all , it 's usually peanut butter , cashews or walnuts .
Harling attends five one-hour boxing classes a week .
“ It 's really about committing yourself to whatever program you choose . I love boxing . Find an activity you love and maintain the discipline . ”
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Boris Johnson reportedly clashed with Theresa May on introducing a broader amnesty for long-standing immigrants in the wake of the Windrush scandal .
On Monday the Home Secretary announced that Commomwealth migrants who arrived in Britain before 1973 would be able to become citizens without the documentation or fees normally required .
But Mr Johnson argued that this now needs to be extended to all illegal immigrants who have lived in the UK for more than a decade and not committed crimes .
The foreign secretary is understood to have been among several Cabinet ministers urging a more liberal approach to immigration .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
This comes after Theresa May 's hardline approach to immigration was blamed for causing the Windrush scandal .
The then-Home Secretary introduced a “ hostile environment ” for illegal immigrants by forcing employers and landlords to check on the immigration status of prospective applicants .
But as many of the Windrush generation did not have the official documents they have been denied healthcare , lost their jobs or even been threatened with facing deportation .
Labour MPs have warned that there are thousands of others facing the same problems as the Windrush generation .
( Image : PA )
The shadow home secretary Diane Abbott warned Amber Rudd in the House of Commons : “ The Home Secretary need not believe this ends here .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ Coming up behind the Windrush cohort is a slightly later cohort of persons from south Asia .
“ In the next few years , even though they have lived here all their life , even though their children are British and even though they have worked all their life , they will be asked for four pieces of data for every year they have been here , and they will be subjected to the same humiliation as the Windrush generation . ”
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Alex Iwobi says every Arsenal player was left open-mouthed by Olivier Giroud 's wonder-goal .
Gunners forward Iwobi claims it was the greatest goal he has ever witnessed in the flesh , and hopes it will help carry on Arsenal 's winning momentum as they try to chase down runaway leaders Chelsea .
Iwobi said of Giroud 's scorpion-kick stunner in the 2-0 defeat of Crystal Palace : “ I have never seen a better goal than that live .
`` A lot of people were coming in at half-time with their mouths open like this ( does a jaw-dropping impression ) . They could n't believe it ; they were all congratulating him , but it was only half-time . At the end of the game we could all say , ‘ Well done , Ollie . '
“ It 's so rare . We have some special players and you do see the odd crazy thing , but nothing like that has ever happened in training .
“ We 've had two now with Mkhitaryan [ scoring in very similar fashion for Manchester United on Boxing Day ] . Do n't know who will be next . Those two goals were up there with the best I have ever seen . ”
Boss Arsene Wenger immediately put Giroud 's strike in his top five goals of his 20-year reign at Arsenal — a big compliment considering the club 's great players include Thierry Henry , Dennis Bergkamp and Robert Pires .
But Iwobi is also a familiar story from the Frenchman 's time at the club as he is a home grown youngster coming through the ranks .
He thrived in the No10 role against Palace on Sunday but could go back wide if Mesut Ozil is fit again for Tuesday night 's match away to Bournemouth .
( Photo : PA Wire/AFP/Getty )
The 20-year-old admits it is sometimes difficult to take it in but is ready to seize his chance while Arsenal must also hope they can pounce if Chelsea slip up .
Iwobi said : “ This time last year I was just playing in the cup games and happy to be there . To be starting almost every week is just amazing progress for me . I 'm still young , still learning and there is still a long way to go .
“ There are a lot of players who can play number 10 ; a lot of ball players in the team . Every day in training I am always learning and trying to add it to my game .
“ It is where I have grown up playing and where I enjoy playing the most but wherever I am put on the pitch , I will do my best and whenever I get told to play any position I give 100 per cent .
( Photo : Action Images via Reuters )
“ On the team 's behalf we are focusing more on ourselves and our performance . Hopefully if Chelsea slip up , they slip up but we have to make sure we win to keep up the title race . ”
Wenger is annoyed by a fixture schedule requiring Arsenal to play again barely 48 hours after the final whistle against Palace whereas hosts Bournemouth finished their weekend game by 5pm Saturday , and admits that at the moment they are just trying to “ hang on ” in the title race behind Chelsea .
“ In 20 years it is the most uneven Christmas period I 've seen , '' he said .
`` The difference in rest period is unbelievable in terms of all the teams .
( Photo : Reuters )
( Photo : Reuters )
“ Honestly , I do n't really know if the Premier League masters the fixtures . It 's more we have sold the rights to TV for a lot of money so we have to accept TV chooses the games .
`` But some teams have more luck than others .
“ We have to hang on and try to win and hope results turn in our favour .
`` We had an exceptional run and [ then ] in four days we lose two games . I hope it 's out of our system . But every game is so difficult .
`` In 48 hours we go into a game with a big handicap on the fixture and I have to find fresh legs . ”
MEDFORD , N.J. ( AP ) – A New Jersey man who spent decades preparing his home for doomsday is donating all of his stored food to families affected by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico .
Joseph Badame lost his wife and was in the process of losing his Medford home when the 74-year-old met a couple raising money for their family affected by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico .
Badame made a $ 100 donation , and then led the couple to the room where he stored all of his food and told them to take it all .
Doomsday prepper sends all of his food to Puerto Rico https : //t.co/qpCyGwwB1h # NBC4 pic.twitter.com/I8eg62ykld — NBC4 Columbus ( @ nbc4i ) October 6 , 2017
“ I just ca n't put into words just how much food there was , ” Victoria Martinez-Barber , 30 , told the Washington Post . “ It was enough to feed a town . ”
Badame had gathered 80 barrels of food that each could sustain 84 people for four months . He said the food , which included dried beans , rice , flour , sugar , pancake mixes and more , would have been thrown away otherwise .
“ I 've lost everything . My wife , my house , everything , ” he told NJ.com . “ The last thing I was going to lose is the food . ”
Badame started preparing for the worst with his wife Phyliss in the 1970s . The two equipped their basement with multiple kitchens and bathrooms , a bomb shelter and survival books . He estimated they spent close to a million dollars on the project .
Their prepping was put on hold after Phyliss suffered a massive stroke in 2005 that left her paralyzed .
Badame quit his job , took out a half-million loan on his house and spent his time caring for his wife . By the time his wife died in 2013 , he was broke .
The bank foreclosed on his property , and it was at the estate sale last month where Badame met Martinez-Barber and her husband , Anthony Barber .
Badame said meeting the two gave him a new purpose in life .
“ Phyliss and I prepared all this for one group of people and it turns out it 's going to help another group of people , ” he said . “ That 's wonderful . ”
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Posted 9 hours ago
President Uhuru Kenyatta is expected in Kisumu to preside over National Drama Festivals , according to the Statehouse spokesperson Manoa Esipisu the
© Shutterstock
The Function of PQQ
Mitochondrial Health
Promotes Brain Health
Supports Heart Function
The simplest way to explain PQQ-or pyrroloquinoline quinone - is to compare it to the engine of a car . Without PQQ , many cellular metabolic processes wo n't be driven to completion . This non-protein chemical , called a cofactor or coenzyme , can be described as a helper molecule . It aids enzymatic reactions that fuel biochemical processes . PQQ is especially important to mitochondrial health and is a key factor in cellular and metabolic function . Like many biochemicals involved in mitochondrial chemistry , it also possesses powerful antioxidant properties . The human body constantly recycles PQQ , yet many people are in dire need of this important molecule.Until recently , only aerobic exercise , strict caloric restriction , and certain medications were understood to have this effect . PQQ also neutralizes oxidizing agents ( free radicals and reactive oxygen species ) through its antioxidant activity . The molecule gives researchers hope for finding ways of achieving healthy living with the possibility of slowing the aging process.Here are a few of the benefits of PQQ : Without essential biochemicals , the mitochondria becomes worn down and the rate of cellular aging increases . This causes systemic stress , consuming large amounts of energy in an effort to stabilize the cellular process . A disrupted metabolism destabilizes cellular health , having a dramatic effect on organs such as the heart , brain , liver , and kidneys , as well as the nervous , endocrine , and digestive systems . This leads to poor health and accelerated aging.This has made PQQ of special interest in Alzheimer 's disease research . Amyloid-beta peptides ( aka Abeta ) figures prominently into neural cell death associated with dementia . Researchers tested PQQ on Abeta . They found it recovered cells from Abeta-induced cell death and reduced the presence of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) .Researchers have isolated PQQ for testing on heart cells . So far , studies in animal models indicate thatFurther research on human subjects is needed to understand if it has specific heart health benefits , or if it simply provides overall health benefits by stimulating mitochondrial function .
In April , millions of tiny flowers spread over the blackjack hills and vast prairies in the Osage territory of Oklahoma . There are Johnny-jump-ups and spring beauties and little bluets . The Osage writer John Joseph Mathews observed that the galaxy of petals makes it look as if the “ gods had left confetti. ” In May , when coyotes howl beneath an unnervingly large moon , taller plants , such as spiderworts and black-eyed Susans , begin to creep over the tinier blooms , stealing their light and water . The necks of the smaller flowers break and their petals flutter away , and before long they are buried underground . This is why the Osage Indians refer to May as the time of the flower-killing moon .
On May 24 , 1921 , Mollie Burkhart , a resident of the Osage settlement town of Gray Horse , Oklahoma , began to fear that something had happened to one of her three sisters , Anna Brown . Thirty-four , and less than a year older than Mollie , Anna had disappeared three days earlier . She had often gone on “ sprees , ” as her family disparagingly called them : dancing and drinking with friends till dawn . But this time one night had passed , and then another , and Anna had not shown up on Mollie 's front stoop as she usually did , with her long black hair slightly frayed and her dark eyes shining like glass . When Anna came inside , she liked to slip off her shoes , and Mollie missed the comforting sound of her moving , unhurried , through the house . Instead , there was a silence as still as the plains .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Mollie had already lost her sister Minnie nearly three years earlier . Her death had come with shocking speed , and though doctors had attributed it to a “ peculiar wasting illness , ” Mollie harbored doubts . Minnie had been only twenty-seven and had always been in perfect health .
Like their parents , Mollie and her sisters had their names inscribed on the Osage Roll , which meant that they were among the registered members of the tribe . It also meant that they possessed a fortune . In the early 1870s , the Osage had been driven from their lands in Kansas onto a rocky , presumably worthless reservation in northeastern Oklahoma , only to discover , decades later , that this land was sitting above some of the largest oil deposits in the United States . To obtain that oil , prospectors had to pay the Osage for leases and royalties . In the early 1900s , each person on the tribal roll began receiving a quarterly check . The amount was initially for only a few dollars , but over time , as more oil was tapped , the dividends grew into the hundreds , then the thousands . And virtually every year the payments increased , like the prairie creeks that joined to form the wide , muddy Cimarron , until the tribe members had collectively accumulated millions and millions of dollars . ( In 1923 alone , the tribe took in more than thirty million dollars , the equivalent today of more than four hundred million dollars . ) The Osage were considered the wealthiest people per capita in the world . “ Lo and behold ! ” the New York weekly Outlook exclaimed . “ The Indian , instead of starving to death . . . enjoys a steady income that turns bankers green with envy . ”
Excerpted from “ Killers of the Flower Moon : The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBI , ” by David Grann . Copyright © 2017 by David Grann . Excerpted by permission of Doubleday , a division of Penguin Random House , Inc. All rights reserved . No part of this excerpt may be reproduced or reprinted without permission in writing from the publisher .
The State Government will argue in the nation 's highest court for “ safe access zones ” around abortion clinics , paving the way for new laws covering protests .
In a submission to the High Court obtained by The West Australian , Solicitor-General Peter Quinlan argues banning anti-abortionists from protesting within 150m of abortion clinics does not violate the Constitution 's implied freedom of political communication .
The court is due to consider a challenge to Victoria 's exclusion zones around abortion clinics , which were introduced in 2015 to protect health workers and their patients from being confronted and intimidated by protesters .
The case has been brought by campaigner Kathleen Clubb , the first person to be charged under the laws after she handed a pamphlet to a couple outside a Melbourne clinic in 2016 .
She was fined $ 5000 for communicating about abortion to a person attending a clinic in a manner “ reasonably likely to cause distress or anxiety ” .
In a submission on behalf of WA Attorney-General John Quigley , the Government argued the Victorian law was “ compatible with the maintenance of the constitutionally prescribed system of representative and responsible government ” .
It is also submitted that the law does not prevent protests associated with — or in the vicinity of — abortion clinics .
“ There is no restriction imposed by the law that could make a political communication or political protest less effective than it might otherwise be 150 metres closer , ” it says .
“ The inability to engage in behaviour within 150 metres of an abortion clinic , in a manner that is reasonably likely to cause alarm or distress to persons accessing or leaving that clinic , does not prevent any person from putting a message that they best consider will have the greatest impact on public opinion or political or legislative change . ”
The WA Government 's formal intervention in the High Court challenge comes as a similar Bill is debated in the New South Wales Parliament , where it has drawn impassioned speeches on the right to privacy and dignity , as well as staunch opposition in defence of freedom of speech .
WA Health Minister Roger Cook backed establishing “ safe zones ” around abortion clinics in February after anti-abortion protesters involved in the 40 Days of Life campaign set up outside a Midland clinic .
The protesters aimed to change the minds of women seeking abortions , but were accused of calling staff leaving the clinic “ murderers ” .
Exclusion zones banning any protest within about 150m are in place in other States except Queensland and NSW , where Liberal Premier Gladys Berejiklian has granted a conscience vote on the legislation being considered .
© Getty
`` Call me stupid but you do n't shred him on the below , in simple easy to understand one liner ... experience is of major importance to govern , and has some value in getting elected ... However ... crisp ... easy to grasp ... emotion triggering one liner are much more compelling for the majority of voters : 'You are against Super packs ... right ? I do n't like them either ... ok pls come clean with the American people , and explain etc ... ' Simple arrow the heart and the brain ... and up his butt . ''
Opening his first White House Easter Egg Roll , President Donald Trump extolled the strength of America as thousands of kids , and some adults , reveled in the time-honored tradition of rolling hard-boiled eggs across the manicured lawn in his back yard .
`` This is the 139th Easter Egg Roll . Think of it , 139 , '' Trump said Monday , welcoming families to the annual event , which was dampened by intermittent rain . `` And we will be stronger and bigger and better as a nation than ever before . We 're right on track , '' he said , speaking of the nation 's strength under fewer than 100 days of his leadership .
Trump 's wife , Melania , and their son , Barron , 11 , and the Easter Bunny joined him on a balcony overlooking the expansive lawn before they went downstairs to join some of the 21,000 people who were expected to attend what is the biggest social event every year at the White House .
Before joining the festivities with his family , Trump thanked his wife for `` working on this for a long time to make it perfect . ''
There was , however , some speculation about whether the Trumps would be able to pull off a successful `` egg-stravaganza . '' Planning seemed to get off to a late start , with the Trumps taking longer than in previous years to announce Monday 's date .
Both Trump and the first lady have been slow to fill White House jobs , and at least one regular egg roll vendor took to Twitter , the president 's favorite social medium , to remind the White House that a deadline for ordering the wooden eggs that are given out as souvenirs was approaching .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
But the egg rolling event , which dates to 1878 , would n't be made to disappear . It was just made smaller , down from the 35,000 people who got tickets last year , but retaining such activities as a reading nook , an area to send messages to U.S. troops and an entertainment stage .
`` As we renew this tradition , thank you for joining us , '' the first lady said .
Moments later , Trump blew a whistle three times , each time sending groups of youngsters scurrying to deftly use a wooden spoon to maneuver their dyed egg several yards across the finish line . He , the first lady and Barron also joined kids at a table to color cards to send to U.S. service members .
Trump 's older sons , Don Jr. and Eric , and their wives , and daughter Tiffany also attended .
Seven-year-old Johnny Wilmer of Arlington , Virginia , said his egg-rolling effort ended with a second-place finish . It was his first Easter egg roll , and he said while he and his father , Jack , waited for Trump to appear that the experience had been `` great . ''
Over at the reading area , Mrs. Trump read `` Party Animals , '' a story about celebrating differences written by television personality Kathie Lee Gifford .
Costumed characters roaming the grounds included Elmo from `` Sesame Street , '' Dr. Seuss ' Cat in the Hat , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and some of the Racing Presidents , who are mascots for the Washington Nationals of Major League Baseball .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The incredible transformations of these Liverpool homes bought for just £1 will be showcased to the world this month .
The ambitious council initiative to sell off derelict properties in the city has been hailed a success as now scores of dilapidated buildings have been turned into stunning family homes .
The results will be shown on Channel 4 's The £1 Houses : Britain 's Cheapest Street on Valentine 's Day ( February 14 ) at 9pm .
The programme charts the progress made by those involved in the first wave of £1 homes over the past two-and-a-half years .
The £1 homes , which are being released in tranches , are in rundown areas such as Anfield and the Webster Triangle . The boarded-up Victorian terraces have no plumbing , electrics , fixtures or fittings .
( Image : Victor de Jesus/UNP ( Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way ) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY )
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
( Image : Victor de Jesus/UNP ( Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way ) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY )
( Image : Victor de Jesus/UNP ( Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way ) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY )
Liverpool John Moores University student Victoria Brennan , 30 , was given a dilapidated two-bedroom house in Wavertree and a £38,000 loan from her parents to cover the costs of restoring it .
She said : “ There is a stigma in the city that you have to have so much money in the bank to apply for the scheme . I was lucky .
`` The overarching positive was the ability to own a property I could never afford on my own . ''
The programme preview states : “ Liverpool City Council are selling off derelict houses - for just £1 each .
“ But is this the dream scenario that it appears to be ?
“ The houses on offer have n't been touched for 10 years , and the buyers must invest their own cash to renovate them , which is at least £40k .
( Image : Victor de Jesus/UNP ( Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way ) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY )
( Image : Victor de Jesus/UNP ( Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way ) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY )
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
( Image : Victor de Jesus/UNP ( Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way ) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY )
“ If the work is not completed within 12 months , the council can take the houses back , with no compensation . ”
It adds : “ The newcomers are relying on each other to build a solid community from scratch . This series , filmed over two and a half years , captures the highs and the lows of those gambling their savings to step onto the property ladder - trying to achieve ordinary dreams in extraordinary circumstances . ”
The first episode on February 14 will feature childhood sweethearts Mel and Rob , who are desperate to give their kids a home through sheer hard graft and a tiny budget , reports Liverpool Echo .
But local shootings and the discovery of a bullet on their doorstep make them question their decision .
Meanwhile post-grad Victoria is endlessly optimistic in the face of adversity , and Rachael and Sam transform a derelict wreck into a stunning three bed home , albeit with no neighbours .
( Image : Victor de Jesus/UNP ( Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way ) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY )
( Image : Victor de Jesus/UNP ( Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way ) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY )
( Image : Victor de Jesus/UNP ( Channel 4 images must not be altered or manipulated in any way ) CHANNEL 4 PICTURE PUBLICITY 124 HORSEFERRY )
A couple who bought a dilapidated house from the council for just £1 have revealed its amazing transformation .
Sam and Rachael Kamau 's property in Wavertree , Merseyside , was in such poor repair that they could n't even look inside because it was so 'dangerous ' but they were lured in because of the space .
The family have released incredible photos to show what the property has been through over the last year .
Sam and Rachael 's house had “ a waterfall coming down the staircase ” and a “ bathroom with no floor ” when it was handed to them by the city council as part of the Homes for a Pound Plus scheme .
They had been renting in Liverpool for 16 years after moving to the city from Kenya and decided to give the £1 homes project a go as a way onto the property ladder .
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
Have you bought a bargain house that you 've completely transformed ? Contact webnews @ mirror.co.uk
But when they first looked around , they realised the scale of the task ahead of them , the Liverpool Echo reports .
Rachael explained : “ When we heard about the £1 home scheme we thought why not ? We had two growing girls who have always had to share a bedroom and the house was becoming far too cramped .
“ When we saw this house , it was a bit of a shock .
“ There was a waterfall coming down the staircase because the roof had no lining , the bathroom had no floor so you could see through to the kitchen , plaster was peeling off the walls . Everything needed doing , except replacing the bricks on the outside of the house .
“ It was the worst house we 'd ever seen and I know most people would have just turned around and walked away but what we saw , beyond the poor condition , was the space . And whatever needed to be done paled into insignificance to the space . ”
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
The Kamaus - who live in the house with their daughters Alexis , 12 and 19-year-old Anne , spent the next year and tens of thousands of pounds carefully restoring the property .
Today they opened their doors to the media - and to Liverpool Mayor Joe Anderson - to show off their remarkable achievement .
Rachael said : “ It 's been the best pound we 've ever spent and the journey has been a real roller coaster .
“ It 's been very tiring because we both work and we 've been coming every single day since we got the keys and sometimes it felt like nothing was happening .
“ Even by March we could only walk in the middle of the hallway because there were no floorboards but when that job was done and the new windows went in we felt like we 'd turned the corner . Then it started to feel like a house . Not yet a home , but a house and that was a big moment . ”
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
In June the family began to look at furnishings and colour schemes .
Rachael added : “ Because we 'd never done this before we could n't make our mind up . ”
She added : “ The first night was strange . It had been hard saying goodbye to our old neighbours and there were boxes everywhere but moving in felt such a huge achievement , we felt like we 'd won the lottery . Then the next morning . All I can say is waking up in your own home is indescribable .
“ There 's still bits we need to do and we 're still learning about what works and does n't but it 's all been worth it . Sam 's birthday is in December . That 's the first birthday we get to celebrate here and it will be a very special occasion . ”
Homes for a Pound
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
Homes for a Pound is one of the schemes Liverpool Council is using in a bid to bring around 6,000 houses back into use .
The Homes for a Pound Plus project involves 120 properties in the Garrick Street/Webster Road/Bird Street/Richardson Street area of Picton .
The properties are being released in three phases of roughly 40 properties per phase .
A total of one hundred families have now been allocated a property , with a further 350 families being considered for one .
To be eligible for a £1 home people have to live or work in Liverpool .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Houses are only handed over on the condition that the buyer will bring them up to a decent homes standard and not sell it on for five years .
Mayor Anderson said : “ What Rachel and Sam have done is truly inspirational . They 've proved that with a bit of love and determination a once neglected house can be transformed into a dream home .
“ We set up the Homes for a Pound scheme for families exactly like the Kamau 's . And the beauty of what they 've achieved in that as well as creating as beautiful new home they 're helping to create a new community too , which is a real win-win for everyone .
“ I 'm delighted we 've got lots more properties lined up for other families and we wo n't be stopping there .
“ Next month we 'll be launching a new housing company because we 've got thousands of properties which can be brought back to life and we 're doing that because the demand is there .
“ People want to get on the housing ladder and Liverpool is still regenerating , still growing and very much an attractive place to work and live .
A carbon monoxide leak is blamed for making 13 people sick in Cicero , Ill. , according to officials.Firefighters responded to the 5300-block of West 30th Place after some residents reported smelling gas.All the residents declined treatment and there were no serious injuries.The incident is still under investigation .
A Pennsylvania college student has been arrested after police say they found a gun , body armor , 200 rounds of ammunition and a disassembled semi-automatic rifle in his truck.Twenty-eight-year-old Alexander Barowski of Archbald faces numerous charges after police went to Marywood University in Scranton to investigate reports of a man with a gun in a university building.A student told police that Barowski had displayed the gun in his waistband Wednesday afternoon . The student said Barowski said he was having a hard time adjusting to life as a college student and other students had been upsetting him.Police say they found Barowski on campus inside his truck . Officers say Barowski acknowledged taking a loaded gun into the science building but said he had no intention of hurting anyone.It 's unclear if Barowski has a lawyer who can speak on his behalf .
Tickets are now on sale for this year 's edition of the Kenilworth Arts Festival , which comes to the town in autumn .
The festival takes place from Thursday September 20 all the way through to Saturday September 29 , and will be spread across several venues in the town .
Among the musicians and writers appearing at the festival this year is American musician S. Carey of indie band Bon Iver , MOBO award-winning pianist Zoe Rahman , Man Booker Prize shortlisted novelist Fiona Mozley and Great British Bake Off finalist Ruby Tandoh .
Another highlight for book-lovers will be a ‘ literary weekend ' at the Priory Theatre on Saturday September 22 and Sunday September 23 .
As well as Fiona Mozely , the event will feature journalist Anita Sethi , writers Sarah Moss , Kit de Waal , Sharlene Teo and Michael Donkor , as well as a ‘ local authors showcase ' with writers such as Partick Kincaid and Harriet Cummings .
Lewis Smith , creative director of Kenilworth Arts Festival , said the line-up this year reflected the diversity within the arts scene at the moment .
He added : “ Our aim is to showcase and support high quality , original work within the contemporary arts , and I 'm really proud that our 2018 festival will feature writers and musicians who are truly at the forefront of their fields . ”
Tickets can be bought by visiting the website or by popping into Kenilworth Books in Talisman square .
All events are ticketed separately . A ticket for the literary weekend will allow holders to see everyone featuring in the event .
The Associated Press has photographers around the world . Here are some of the best photos they took in 2016 .
Vatican City : Pope Francis told executives of leading internet companies on Friday to use `` their great profits '' to defend children from sexual exploitation and other dangers lurking online .
The pontiff , speaking at a conference in Rome , said the Catholic Church needed to accept responsibility `` before God , victims and public opinion '' for its own sex abuse scandals , but wanted to share the lessons it had learned .
Speaking to participants including representatives from Facebook and Microsoft , he said social media businesses had to do more than set up filters and algorithms to block harmful content .
The 80-year-old pope spoke out against the spread of extreme pornography , the dangers of so-called `` sexting '' between young people and between adults and children , and cyberbullying , calling it `` a true form of moral and physical attack '' .
He said `` heinous , illicit activities '' such as the commissioning and live viewing of rape and violence against minors via the so-called Dark Web had to be stopped .
The Church-organised conference - called Child Dignity in the Digital World - was held two months after a monsignor was recalled from the Vatican ` s Washington embassy in August after the U.S. State Department said he may have violated child pornography laws .
Church officials have been caught up in a series of scandals around the world - two years ago , the Vatican put its former ambassador to the Dominican Republic , an archbishop , on trial for child sex offences . He died before a verdict was reached .
`` IMPRESSIONABLE MINDS ''
The conference , held at a pontifical university in Rome , brought together experts from digital companies , law enforcement , medicine and academia to discuss online bullying , pornography and the preying on children by paedophiles .
The pope said social media businesses had to invest `` a fair portion of their great profits '' to protect `` impressionable minds '' .
He said it would be a mistake to think that `` automatic technical solutions , filters devised by ever more refined algorithms in order to identify and block the spread of abusive and harmful images , are sufficient to deal with these problems '' .
Businesses also had to address the broader ethical concerns associated with the growth of technology , rejecting the concept of `` an ideological and mythical vision of the net as a realm of unlimited freedom '' .
He said that while the digital revolution had enormous advantages , `` we rightly wonder if we are capable of guiding the processes we ourselves have set in motion , whether they might be escaping our grasp '' .
The pope acknowledged the Church ` s `` own failures in providing for the protection of children : extremely grave facts have come to light , for which we have to accept our responsibility before God , before the victims and before public opinion '' .
Because of `` skills gained in the process of conversion and purification , '' he said the Church felt `` especially bound to work strenuously and with foresight for the protection of minors and their dignity '' .
Since the Church ` s scandals exploded around the world about 20 years ago , it has strived to put in to place so-called best practices to protect children .
It has defrocked priests , worked with local police and the pope has declared a `` zero tolerance '' where clerics could not appeal a conviction on technical grounds .
But victim ` s groups say the Vatican and the pope have not gone far enough , particularly in making bishops accountable for covering up or mishandling cases of child abuse .
A commission Francis set up in 2014 to advise him on how to root out sexual abuse has been hit by defections by two key members who lamented lack of progress and cooperation from Vatican officials .
The Rome conference ` s 13-point `` Declaration of Rome '' called on politicians , religious leaders , law enforcement organisations to help build a global awareness of the need to protect children from exploitation via the internet .
A Medford man was charged with criminal trespass after he left a bag outside Syosset High School and entered the building , Nassau County police said .
Ilya Yurchenko , 19 , was taken to a hospital for evaluation after he was arrested Tuesday evening , police said .
Yurchenko , a former student at the school , had been denied entry at the main entrance before he put a black piece of luggage next to the building and entered through a gymnasium door , police said .
The school was put on lockdown until officers found Yurchenko and arrested him , police said .
The luggage did not contain anything dangerous , police said .
Yurchenko was released and a temporary order of protection was issued at his arraignment Wednesday in First District Court in Hempstead on a charge of third-degree criminal trespass , police said .
If you owned a Playstation 3 after it was unveiled nearly 12 years ago , you could be owed $ 65 .
PCMag.com reports that the original PS3 console – or the ‘ phat ' PS3 – was heavy and bulky and had the ability to install an alternative operating system . When a smaller model was released , that operating system functionality was removed due to security concerns .
A class action lawsuit was then filed until a settlement was reached in 2016 . That settlement allows owners of the larger PS3 console to claim $ 65 .
Those claims must be filed by April 15 . Those who plan to file a claim must have purchased the console from an “ authorized retailer ” and include their PSN username and PS3 serial number .
The offer is limited to 20GB , 40GB , 60GB and 80GB models .
For the claim form , click here .
For more on this story , click here .
A woman in suburban New York has gone on a racist tirade on a bus , attacking “ illegal immigrants ” . Picture : YouTube
A woman in suburban New York has gone on a racist tirade on a bus , attacking “ illegal immigrants ” . Picture : YouTube
A NEW YORK woman was caught on camera going on a racist rant - spewing off the N-word at passengers on a local bus .
`` I hope you all got your motherf * * king papers , '' the unidentified woman yells to Transport of Rockland passengers on Saturday , according to video that rider Zoe Mac posted on Facebook , the NY Post has reported .
`` I 'm sick of you motherf * * kers ! You got papers to be in this country ? '' she says , standing toward the back of the bus and holding on to a pole .
Mr Mac said he was heading home from work when the belligerent passenger unleashed her tirade on him and others .
`` Ignorance at its finest … racism never died and this is what people like me and who can relate go through… , '' he captioned the video .
In another clip of the verbal assault , the unhinged woman yells , `` F * * k you and your n * * * * r f * * king people ! ''
A woman unleashes a tirade of racist invective on a suburban New York bus . Picture : YouTube
And in yet a different video , the combative commuter tells someone to `` go back to your f * * king country . ''
As the target of her tirade asks her to please stop , she gets up again and says : `` First of all , in this country , we have what 's called the First Amendment right , '' before becoming enraged when she notices Mr Mac filming her and proceeds to knock his phone out of his hand .
`` Stop ! Stop ! Do not hit anybody ! '' the other passengers yell , as a slap can be heard off camera .
Someone else pleads with an unidentified person to `` grab your mother , that is your mother , please grab her , '' before a man can be seen dragging her back to her seat .
`` More footage of me being discriminated on , she even did it to the bus driver , '' Mr Mac wrote in the caption .
Another passenger , Vladimir Philidore , said the woman became unglued for no apparent reason and confirmed that she directed her ire at the bus driver first , before turning on the passengers .
The woman defended her rant under the First Amendment , which protects freedom of speech . Picture : YouTube
`` She 's just going at the mouth , with the racial slurs . The N-words , '' Mr Philidore told Westchester 's News12 .
`` Some people were scared , especially the elderly people , '' he added to PIX11 .
The bus driver called the authorities and the local police arrested the woman .
Police , who did not release the woman 's name because she was only charged with violations , said they also had to deal with her earlier in the day for the same type of vile conduct , according to the Mount Pleasant Daily Voice .
`` Yesterday some unhinged racist went on a mini-rampage of sorts on Transport of Rockland bus as it was passing through Orangetown , creating a disturbance by physically and verbally attacking passengers and the bus driver , '' wrote Orangetown town Supervisor Chris Day in Facebook post .
When she realised that she was being filmed , the woman got up and slapped the phone out of the passenger 's hand . Picture : YouTube
`` Her behaviour is forever enshrined on the internet among the great idiots of our time , '' he added .
`` I hope she learns a lesson in appropriate behaviour and tolerance from the experience as she is recognised on the street as 'crazy racist lady from the bus ' for the next several years of her life . ''
This article was first published in the NY Post and is republished with permission .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Tata steelworkers voted overwhelmingly to accept reforms to their pensions today , safeguarding their jobs .
Members of three unions backed changes by around three to one , giving a mandate to “ move forward ” following months of uncertainty .
Tata bosses outlined plans last year for an overhaul which includes promising to avoid compulsory redundancies for five years and unleashing a decade of investment .
The result also paves the way for a billion pounds to be pumped into Britain 's biggest steelworks , Port Talbot .
( Photo : Getty )
It will also see a revamp of the British Steel Pension Scheme to avoid it plunging into the pension protection fund .
Community steelworkers ' union general secretary Roy Rickhuss said : “ Steelworkers have taken a tough decision and have shown they are determined to safeguard jobs and secure the long-term future of steelmaking .
“ Nobody wanted to be in this situation , but as we have always said , it is vital that we now work together to protect the benefits already accrued and prevent the BSPS from free-falling into the PPF .
( Photo : PA )
“ This ballot involved an extremely personal decision for everyone that voted . Whichever way our members cast their votes , we know they will not have taken that decision lightly and everyone 's opinions must be respected .
“ We now expect Tata to make good on their promises and deliver the investment plan for the whole of their steel business . The UK Government still has an important role to play and we fully expect them to deliver tangible support for steel-making in the UK . ”
Unite national officer Tony Brady said : “ This is not a decision our members have taken lightly .
“ It has been a hellish time for them , their families and their communities as uncertainty has swirled around the steel industry over this past year or more .
“ During that time steelworkers have made great sacrifices to ensure the UK 's world class steel industry has a future .
“ Those sacrifices must be repaid by Tata Steel honouring its commitments on investment and job security . ''
What 's on the menu at Craft Beer Market , a 400-seat bar with 145 beers on tap
What 's on the menu at Craft Beer Market , a 400-seat bar with 145 beers on tap
Name : Craft Beer Market
Contact : 1 Adelaide St. E. , 437-922-2337 , craftbeermarket.ca/toronto , @ crafttoronto
Neighbourhood : Financial District
Owners : PJ L'Heureux
Chef : Cameron McGowan
The drinks
Beer , of course . Out of the 160 taps , 145 of them are devoted to beer . The encyclopedic menu includes a handful of macrobrews ( Bud Light , Guinness , Kronenbourg ) , a bunch of the bigger Canadian brands ( Mill Street , Steam Whistle , Beau 's , Big Rock , Le Trou du Diable ) and a surprising amount of Toronto and Ontario microbreweries ( Blood Brothers , Brimstone , Elora , Collective Arts , Henderson , Clifford , Calabogie ) . The remaining 15 lines pour wine , cider , ginger beer and even kombucha .
The food
This Calgary-born concept first spread out west , with locations in Edmonton and Vancouver , and then moved east to Ottawa before gracing Toronto . Everything here is Prairie-sky huge , from the 420-seat space , to the 160 taps , to the nearly 50-item menu , which includes just about every North American bar-food favourite : wings , poutine , burgers , ribs , nachos and fried pickles . A few international flavours ( tacos , ahi poke bowls , coconut curry shrimp , Korean lettuce wraps ) round out the offerings .
The space
“ This is my craft beer cathedral , ” says L'Heureux , looking down from the mezzanine onto the bustling main floor below . The 16,000-square-foot , two-storey space will be even bigger by next summer , thanks to the addition of a 250-seat courtyard patio .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
These are the shocking injuries inflicted on an 87-year-old woman when she was robbed in her own home .
The 87-year-old great gran was attacked in her home in Wylde Green , Birmingham on Monday .
The frail woman did not hear the intruder break into her home at 6.30am .
But the attacker forced her out of bed and dragged her around the house demanding money . The 87-year-old was left with severe bruising to both arms and her legs .
DC Laura Halpin of West Midlands Police , who is leading the investigation , said : “ This was a brutal and heartless attack on this lady and we are absolutely determined to catch the person responsible .
( Image : SWNS-Birmingham +44 1179066550 )
( Image : SWNS-Birmingham )
( Image : SWNS-Birmingham )
“ Our teams are carrying out extensive house to house , reviewing CCTV in the local area and conducting foot patrols .
`` Forensics and other specialist teams have been gathering evidence from the address too , but we need the local community to get on board ; share our appeal and contact us with information . ”
The man is described as white , around 5ft 8ins tall , aged between 18 and 25 and slim . He was wearing dark clothing and baseball hat with an orange rim .
DC Halpin added : “ I 'd urge people who may know who is responsible to look at the injuries of this lady and do the right thing - get in touch with us .
`` Any information you have , no matter how small or insignificant you think it is could be vital to our investigation . ”
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Stephanie Davis is apparently dipping her toe back in the sea as she moves on from ex Jeremy McConnell .
And she 's said to be feeling happier and more confident than ever now that she 's getting herself back out there on the dating scene .
It comes after ex-boyfriend Jeremy , who she met during their stint on Celebrity Big Brother , was handed a three-year restraining order that prevents him from contacting her in any way .
And the former Hollyoaks star , 24 , is said to be dating , although son Caben , who she shares with Jeremy , remains her number one priority .
( Image : Instagram )
( Image : Instagram )
A source told The Sun : `` Stephanie has been on dates with someone new and loves having her life back .
`` It is still early days but she has been enjoying being treated again .
`` Her main priority is Caben but she 's really liked having some new male company – and this time it really feels like a fresh start . ''
Steph has hinted to new beginnings on her social media , sharing a snap of herself on Twitter and Instagram with the caption : `` The only time you should ever look back , is to see how far you 've come ''
( Image : Instagram/stephaniedavis88 )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The actress has also shown off her natural shoulder-length locks .
She 's rarely seen without her long extensions , but shared her natural look on her Instagram story as she told fans she was giving her hair a break .
Mirror Online has reached out to Steph for comment .
Meanwhile , 27-year-old Jeremy has been showing off his new place having recently been staying with ex-Beauty School Cop Outs co-star Richard Cull .
( Image : Instagram/stephaniedavis88 )
( Image : Instagram/stephaniedavis88 )
Jezza and Rich starred together on the MTV show back in 2013 , and Jez had set up home in Rich 's family home last month .
But now Jeremy has given fans a tour of his new abode via Instagram in a short video clip .
Captioned simply : “ New place ” , Jeremy 's footsteps can be heard as he paces around a flat showing off a bathroom , living room , kitchen and balcony .
KEITH URBAN `` Graffiti U '' BOTTOM LINE Pushing country 's boundaries again , but keeping his own intact
Watch Keith Urban play guitar in concert and you see an artist transported by the music he makes .
Listen to Urban sing , though , and he seems more restrained , especially on his new album “ Graffiti U ” ( Hit Red/Capitol Nashville ) and its equally eclectic predecessor , the hit-filled “ Ripcord. ” That 's not to say “ Grafitti U ” is n't well-crafted , though , or that his goal of weaving pop , rock and dance music into country is n't worthy .
The current single “ Coming Home ” shows how it all works , with Urban sampling a bit of Merle Haggard 's “ Mama Tried ” to put some twang in the dance groove . When Grammy-nominated pop singer-songwriter Julia Michaels joins in , it becomes a sweetly effective combination of styles . On “ Never Comin ' Down , ” Urban moves from funky verses to a banjo-picking , good-time chorus and even takes an Afrobeat detour in the bridge . The lovely “ Same Heart ” starts off with some icy electronics in the verses before warming up in the chorus .
However , sometimes you can almost hear Urban 's anxiety as he leaves his comfort zone . He seems like he 's trying hard to keep up on “ Way Too Long , ” struggling to hit notes in the poppier keys and tempos that co-writers Michaels and Nate Ruess usually use . On “ Parallel Line , ” co-written by Michaels and Ed Sheeran , Urban seems wary of the sparseness of the song and fills all the space with countermelodies and echoing vocals that detract from the immediacy and rawness of Sheeran 's best work . Similarly , the impact of Urban 's # MeToo anthem “ Female ” is blunted by the torrent of images in the chorus while the stark verses made his point so powerfully .
Trying new things is admirable . But when Urban is on familiar ground , as he is on the future sing-along “ Steal My Thunder , ” he shows how far his experiments have to go to reach his usual stellar level .
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The new polymer £10 note will also have animal fat in it , the Bank of England confirmed today .
The Bank of England has said it will also continue to produce polymer £5 notes laced with animal fat for some time to come - because it would cost the taxpayer up to £10million to replace them .
In a statement today , the Bank said it recognised the concerns raised about the discovery of traces of tallow used in the production of its £5 polymer notes .
The Bank did , however , confirm that paper money is entirely animal-product free ( although some is used in their production ) .
It said consultation will now begin on how to new print notes without tallow , but for now fivers and tenners will continue to include it .
( Photo : AFP/Getty Images )
The Bank previously said it was not aware of the presence of animal-derived products when it signed the contract with its supplier for the £5 and £10 banknote polymer last November .
It later discovered an `` extremely small amount '' of tallow being used during the production process of polymer pellets , which are then used to create the base substrate for the £5 note .
A statement said : `` The Bank is continuing to work closely with banknote polymer suppliers to determine what alternatives might be available . ''
It also warned a U-turn on the current polymer £5 notes in circulation could set taxpayers back as much as £10 million .
In reaching its decision , the Bank said it had given careful consideration to the possible alternative options for the current £5 note and the Jane Austen £10 polymer note .
It said : `` The Bank has considered : its responsibility to issue and maintain the supply of high quality and secure banknotes , its obligations under the Equality Act 2010 , the concerns raised about the use of animal-derived products , the impact of any changes on firms that process and handle cash , the potential impact on our suppliers , and value for money for the taxpayer . ''
`` Given the public interest in banknotes , and the complex issues involved , the Bank is seeking further opinions on the use of animal-derived products and plant-based alternatives before making any decisions on the polymer used in future production runs of £5 and £10 polymer notes and the new £20 polymer note . ''
The new £20 polymer note is due to be issued by 2020 and production has not yet begun .
The Bank says it has delayed the signing of the relevant contracts for supply of materials for the £20 polymer until it has decided the best way forward weighing all the considerations .
It will launch a full consultation on 30 March 2017 about the content of polymer substrate to be used in its future banknotes . The consultation paper will set out the key issues and invite views from the public .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The US Ambassador to London believes Donald Trump will come to the UK in the new year - and he could face a very unusual protest if he does .
Ambassador Woody Johnson says he hopes the President will come to London early next year to officially open the new US Embassy , which is nearing completion .
And he defended the President for sparking outrage across the UK by sharing videos posted by hate group Britain First with his 44 million Twitter followers .
Johnson told the BBC : “ He wants to protect Americans , and he 's doing his best to do that . He 's not going to go down the path of a lot of politicians and maybe be namby pamby about it .
“ He 's going to come out and take some chances in an effort to do that , to accomplish that security goal . Maybe he 'll ruffle feathers . There 's no question that feathers were ruffled with that . But I think you have confidence , look down the road , things are going to happen . ”
( Image : REUTERS )
Asked if the President would be coming to the UK , he said : “ Absolutely . I think he will come . I hope he will come . ”
He said a date had not been officially announced , but he added that the invitation for an official state visit had been extended and accepted and that “ this building has to be dedicated . ”
But Labour MP Stella Creasy said the US President will be greeted by a wave of protests if he crosses the Atlantic - and some may be quite unusual .
( Image : Newcastle Chronicle )
She told Radio 4 's Today Programme : “ I think there are some very creative ways we can all show our concern .
“ I think we can echo what the protesters are doing in America . I 'll be wearing shocking pink if Donald Trump comes to Britain to show my support for the women 's march .
“ For goodness sake , this country would n't let Martha Stewart in because we said it was n't conducive to the public good . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Asked how he deals with the President 's erratic tweeting , Johnson , who owns the New York Jets NFL team , said he drew inspiration from his career in professional sports management .
He said : “ I try to look down the line and what we 're trying to accomplish both medium and long term rather than reacting to every little piece of information that day .
“ I 've known Donald Trump for 35 years and he was pretty much the same 35 years ago as he is today . That 's who the people elected . They wanted somebody different .
“ One of the things people do n't know about Donald Trump is how he 'll go round 50 people and ask ‘ what 's your opinion of this ? '
“ He 'll look at you , he 'll listen to you , he 'll give you feedback on your opinion , and if he agrees with you he 'll use your opinion . He listens to advice , he listens to people around him , but he 's going to make his own decision . ”
Ms Creasy added : “ What worries me most is that the Ambassador says he listens to people - he did n't listen to our own Prime Minister saying this is not acceptable . I fear what else he would do if he does come here and I think it 's right that we 're all saying this is not appropriate at this point in time .
“ He was then told about Britain First , what they 're doing , the violence , the intimidation that they 've been whipping up in British society and instead of accepting that ‘ yes I got it wrong in this instance ' , he doubled down and attacked the Prime Minister about it . ”
Former UK ambassador to Washington Sir Christopher Meyer said to withdraw the invitation now “ would give serious offence to many people in the United States who did n't necessarily vote for Trump in the Presidential election .
“ What we have in play here is not just Trump the man , the occupier of the Oval Office , but the institution of the Presidency and the national prestige which is invested in that . ”
NBA great Ray Allen tells the `` AP Sports Weekly '' podcast that the players who step up to take the big shots in the playoffs do so because they refuse to be overwhelmed by the moment .
Allen propelled Miami to an NBA title in 2013 with a 3-pointer in Game 6 of the Finals against San Antonio that is regarded as one of the greatest clutch shots eve . He says hard work and experience is why some players want the ball at the biggest moments .
`` Those great players in the league will do that consistently , '' Allen told podcast co-hosts Jim Litke and Tim Dahlberg . `` They continue to do their jobs and do n't let the circumstances get the better of them . ''
Allen also talks about his new autobiography `` 'From the Outside : My Journey through Life and the Game I Love '' and gives his opinion of the playoffs so far . Also joining Litke and Dahlberg is football guru Ross Tucker , who talks about the NFL draft and who he thinks will be the first quarterback selected .
NCAA chief Mark Emmert talks to the AP 's Ralph Russo about the Rice commission report that will be released this week , while the co-hosts debate the state of college athletics under Emmert .
Tucker returns to talk press box food ( think bratwurst in Green Bay ) and his belief that the better teams serve the media better meals .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Uruguay striker Edinson Cavani has missed training again as coach Hector Cuper started planning to be without the Paris Saint-Germain star for Friday 's World Cup quarter-final clash with France .
Cavani , who fired the South Americans into the last eight with a two-goal salvo against Portugal before limping off with a calf injury , is undergoing intense physiotherapy to be fit to face the French in Nizhny Novgorod on Friday afternoon .
Uruguay have stated the 31-year-old has suffered a strain rather than a tournament-ending tear .
( Image : AFP/Getty )
( Image : AFP/Getty )
But when Cuper put his squad through their paces with a practice match on Wednesday , former Middlesbrough frontman Christian Stuani took Cavani 's place alongside Luis Suarez .
Stuani , 31 , spent two years at the Riverside and now plays for Girona , the Spanish club owned by Manchester City .
( Image : AFP/Getty )
( Image : Reuters )
France midfielder Blaise Matuidi , who misses the game through suspension after picking up his second yellow card of the tournament in the win over Argentina , said : “ I would n't say it is going to be a nightmare , but playing Uruguay will be a really tough game .
“ They can make trouble for any team in the world , but we have real quality up front .
“ We have players with great talent and it is up to us to find a way of putting Uruguay in difficulty . ”
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier is leaving President Trump 's American Manufacturing Council , saying , `` I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism . ''
The resignation came after Trump was criticized for his response to the violence at white supremacist events in Charlottesville , Va. , over the weekend . The president , famous for his ability to be direct and forceful , was faulted for condemning violence `` on many sides . ''
Within an hour of Merck announcing Frazier 's withdrawal , Trump retorted on Twitter , `` Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned ... he will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices ! ''
In a statement on his resignation , Frazier said , `` America 's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy , which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal . ''
Frazier , who is African-American , said he was acting as both the CEO of Merck and `` as a matter of personal conscience . ''
The rift did not seem to harm Merck 's stock : The drug company 's shares rose by nearly a full percentage point in the first hour of trading , to nearly $ 63 .
Members of his own party have called on Trump to condemn Saturday 's killing of a woman who had been protesting white supremacists as an act of domestic terrorism . The White House later stated that Trump was including `` white supremacists , KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups '' in his remarks about the violence .
Frazier 's departure is the latest high-profile exit from a White House advisory council since Trump took office in January .
After Trump announced in June that the U.S. would be leaving the Paris climate accord , both Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Disney CEO Bob Iger left his business advisory council .
Months earlier , in February , Uber co-founder Travis Kalanick left the same panel during the fallout from Trump 's executive order that banned immigrants from seven Muslim countries .
`` The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America , '' Kalanick said at the time .
By The Associated Press
Milwaukee AB R H BI BB SO Avg . Sogard 2b 4 2 2 2 1 0 .354 Thames 1b 5 2 2 3 0 2 .256 Santana rf 5 1 2 0 0 0 .280 Shaw 3b 5 0 2 1 0 1 .299 Perez lf 4 0 1 1 0 0 .277 Pina c 4 0 1 0 0 1 .300 Broxton cf 3 1 0 0 1 2 .232 Arcia ss 4 0 1 0 0 2 .254 Garza p 2 1 1 0 0 0 .133 a-Franklin ph 1 0 0 0 0 0 .176 Hughes p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — Torres p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — c-Brinson ph 1 0 0 0 0 0 .083 Barnes p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — Knebel p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — Totals 38 7 12 7 2 8
St. Louis AB R H BI BB SO Avg . Carpenter 1b 3 0 2 1 1 0 .239 Fowler cf 4 0 0 0 1 1 .235 Piscotty rf 4 0 0 0 0 1 .248 Gyorko 3b 3 1 0 0 1 2 .296 Molina c 4 1 1 0 0 1 .257 Diaz ss 4 2 2 2 0 0 .262 Martinez lf 4 1 1 2 0 0 .269 Wong 2b 2 1 1 1 0 1 .301 Garcia 2b 2 0 0 0 0 0 .233 Leake p 2 0 0 0 0 1 .143 Siegrist p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — b-Huffman ph 0 0 0 0 1 0 .500 Bowman p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — Cecil p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — d-Pham ph 1 0 0 0 0 0 .287 Totals 33 6 7 6 4 7
Milwaukee 240 000 100—7 12 0 St. Louis 040 000 020—6 7 0
a-out on fielder 's choice for Garza in the 6th . b-walked for Siegrist in the 7th . c-grounded out for Torres in the 8th . d-lined out for Cecil in the 9th .
LOB_Milwaukee 6 , St. Louis 5 . 2B_Sogard ( 7 ) , Thames ( 12 ) , Santana ( 11 ) , Carpenter ( 10 ) , Wong ( 15 ) . 3B_Martinez ( 1 ) . HR_Thames ( 17 ) , off Leake ; Diaz ( 7 ) , off Barnes . RBIs_Sogard 2 ( 14 ) , Thames 3 ( 33 ) , Shaw ( 45 ) , Perez ( 30 ) , Carpenter ( 36 ) , Diaz 2 ( 18 ) , Martinez 2 ( 12 ) , Wong ( 19 ) .
Runners left in scoring position_Milwaukee 2 ( Pina , Broxton ) ; St. Louis 2 ( Fowler , Piscotty ) . RISP_Milwaukee 5 for 9 ; St. Louis 4 for 7 .
Runners moved up_Arcia , Molina . GIDP_Sogard , Fowler .
DP_Milwaukee 1 ( Sogard , Arcia , Thames ) ; St. Louis 2 ( Wong , Diaz , Carpenter ) , ( Carpenter , Diaz ) .
Milwaukee IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Garza , W , 3-2 5 5 4 4 2 4 87 4.17 Hughes , H , 4 1 0 0 0 0 2 15 4.00 Torres , H , 11 1 0 0 0 1 0 22 4.72 Barnes , H , 12 2-3 1 2 2 1 0 14 4.13 Knebel , S , 10-13 1 1-3 1 0 0 0 1 21 1.07 St. Louis IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Leake , L , 5-6 6 9 6 6 2 3 95 3.14 Siegrist 1 2 1 1 0 2 25 4.56 Bowman 1 0 0 0 0 2 15 4.55 Cecil 1 1 0 0 0 1 13 4.94
HBP_Torres ( Carpenter ) . WP_Leake .
Umpires_Home , Chris Segal ; First , Cory Blaser ; Second , Laz Diaz ; Third , Doug Eddings .
T_3:09 . A_38,061 ( 43,975 ) .
Commuters are facing disruption next week after union bosses announced two further days of rail strike action .
The RMT Union said today ( Tuesday ) that its members will walk out for 24 hours on Monday and next Thursday , March 29 .
Read more : David Behrens : Rail 's going nowhere with unions , bosses and passengers at odds
Northern , run by Arriva Rail North , operates train services across Yorkshire , including in Leeds , Halifax and Wakefield .
It comes after talks broke down between the union and Northern Rail , in a dispute over driver-only operated trains .
Read more : Northern rail strike : Planned walk-out to go ahead despite weather chaos
RMT General Secretary Mick Cash said : “ Every single effort that RMT has made to reach a negotiated settlement with Northern Rail over safe operation and safe staffing has been kicked back in our faces .
`` No one should be in any doubt , this dispute is about putting the safety of the travelling public before the profits of the private train companies . ''
News : Beast from the East part three ? Experts say White Easter is possible in Yorkshire
The strikes will be the latest in a series by members of the union over long-running disputes dating back more than 12 months .
President Donald Trump has formally told NASA to send U.S. astronauts back to the moon .
“ The directive I 'm signing today will refocus America 's space program on human exploration and discovery , ” he said .
Standing at the president 's side as he signed “ Space Policy Directive 1 ” on Monday was Apollo 17 astronaut Harrison Schmitt , one of the last two humans to ever walk on the moon , in a mission that took place 45 years ago this week .
Since that time , no human has ventured out beyond low-Earth orbit . NASA does n't even have its own space vehicle , having retired the space shuttles in 2011 . Americans currently ride up to the international space station in Russian capsules , though private space taxis are expected to start ferrying them up as soon as next year .
For now , the ultimate goal for human exploration in space remains Mars .
“ This time , we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint , we will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars and , perhaps someday , to many worlds beyond , ” Trump said .
Exactly how to get to Mars , however , is subject to debate within the space community .
Many see the moon as the best stepping stone , including Rep. Jim Bridenstine , R-Okla. , who is Trump 's pick to head NASA .
The general moon-first approach being taken by the Trump administration was clearly articulated by Vice President Pence at a meeting of the National Space Council in October .
That 's why John Logsdon , a space historian at The George Washington University , says today 's announcement is not a surprise . “ Now the question is whether the White House will propose and the Congress appropriate the funds needed to turn the words into reality , ” Logsdon says .
Indeed , actually getting the funding to achieve presidents ' ambitious space goals is a perennial problem for NASA .
Returning astronauts to the moon had been the plan under President George W. Bush , who called for building a moon base and establishing an extended human presence there . But when a blue-ribbon committee reviewed human spaceflight in 2009 , it said there was a mismatch between the scope of the program and the money available to support it : that exploring beyond low-Earth orbit was n't going to be viable without billions of dollars more in funding .
What 's more , many worried that NASA would get bogged down in the grey lunar dust and fail to move on toward the red planet .
That 's part of why the Obama administration shifted the focus from the moon to a “ flexible path ” that would target new destinations , such as an asteroid , to get astronauts farther out into deep space .
But the asteroid mission proved more difficult than expected . Eventually , NASA proposed having a robot haul a boulder from an asteroid and put it in orbit around the moon , where astronauts would rendezvous with the space rock . The so-called Asteroid Redirect Mission did n't receive very enthusiastic reviews from the space community or Congress , and this year it got the ax .
NASA has recently been working on plans for something called the Deep Space Gateway , an outpost in orbit around the moon .
And at the behest of Congress , the space agency has been building a giant new rocket and a deep space capsule . The vehicle is supposed to have its first test flight in 2019 , when it will send an uncrewed capsule up to orbit the moon before returning to Earth .
Officials in the Trump administration asked NASA to consider putting humans on that flight , but NASA ultimately decided against it after a review . The first mission with a crew on that NASA spacecraft is n't supposed to happen until 2022 .
The company SpaceX is also constructing a large rocket , and has announced that it intends to launch the first private mission to the moon in 2018 . SpaceX says it has paying customers for a trip in an automated capsule that would n't land , but would loop around the moon and then return .
SpaceX also has contracts with NASA to bring astronauts up to the International Space Station , and is scheduled to start doing that next year as well . The company has already been hauling cargo to and from the station for NASA .
Boeing also has a space transportation system in the works , and its first flight with NASA astronauts on board is planned for 2018 .
If those companies ' efforts pan out , their space taxis will be the first vehicles to carry up astronauts from U.S. soil since the retirement of the space shuttles .
Copyright 2017 NPR . To see more , visit http : //www.npr.org/ .
New Delhi : After months of The Supreme Court bench headed by Chief Justice of India TS Thakur today took the big call in removing Anurag Thakur as BCCI President , with Ajay Shirke also sacked as the secretary . Anurag , meanwhile , has also been issued showcase notice and faces contempt of court charges for apparently seeking ICC 's help in stand against implementing all of the proposed Lodha reforms .
Head of the Lodha Panel , RM Lodha called SC 's order understandable , as BCCI were reluctant to accept SC 's July order on reforms , hence these consequences were bound to follow . Lodha also added that the order should work as a template for other sports organisations too .
( READ : Anurag Thakur , Ajay Shirke shown exit door – Top 10 developments from Supreme Court 's verdict )
`` Why are you trying to mislead the court ? If you want to escape perjury charges , you ought to apologise . At every stage you have been trying to obstruct . Everyone wants to go around and continue to hold the post even after 70 years . This is such a lucrative business that everyone wants to go on forever , '' the court said .
Supreme Court will be replacing the top brass with a panel of administrators and is seeking names before finalising the list on 19th Jan .
Order of Supreme court should work as a template for other sports organisations says Justice Lodha on removal of Anurag Thakur and Shirke pic.twitter.com/Au7KfNxbtP — ANI ( @ ANI_news ) January 2 , 2017
Its the victory for the game of cricket and it will flourish , administrators come and go but It 's for the benefit of the game : Justice Lodha pic.twitter.com/9Nkfyx5LIZ — ANI ( @ ANI_news ) January 2 , 2017
Earlier , The Lodha Committee had suggested removal of the BCCI office-bearers and the appointment of GK Pillai in its status report . In the last hearing , amicus curiae and senior lawyer Gopal Subramaniam recommended the names of Pillai with ex-Comptroller and Auditor General Vinod Rai and former Test cricketer Mohinder Amarnath to run the BCCI .
On December 15 , the top court had observed Thakur prima facie appears to have committed matter of perjury in relation to demanding an intervention via a letter from the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) in order to sidestep the implementation of the Lodha committee recommendations .
In order to educate the next generation of inventors , engineers and scientists , one nonprofit is repurposing manufacturers ' clean waste to inspire creativity . Trash For Teaching ( T4T ) is a nonprofit aimed at encouraging STEAM ( science , technology , engineering , arts , mathematics ) education through providing children with upcycled materials to create and build.T4T works with manufacturers to collect large quantities of unwanted or unusable excess materials . Items can range from expired pill bottles to bolt ends of fabric to any factory mistakes that would otherwise go in the trash.The materials are sent to T4T 's warehouse where it is sorted and repackaged into smaller quantities that are available for purchase . So far the organization has collected 461 tons ( 922,000 pounds ) of clean waste.Leah Hanes , executive director of Two Bit Circus Foundation , the organization that runs T4T , said , `` We are desperate to take everything because we know the value of it out there in the hands of young inventors . `` T4T has two warehouses in California ( Gardena and Fresno ) where the materials can be purchased by the public and educators . The warehouses also host spontaneous creation sessions where kids can come to build and create using T4T 's materials.Two Bit Circus and T4T also package their materials into STEAM labs that are available for schools . STEAM labs are equipped with tools , upcycled materials and re-purposed shelving . Students and teachers are empowered to design and build the labs themselves . `` We are raising children who will have jobs in careers that do n't yet exist , so we ca n't really train them for that , '' said Hanes . `` We have to train them to be good thinkers , to be problem solvers , to creatively and critically think their way through a situation . ''
Below is the girls ice hockey and basketball scoreboard for games played on Monday , Dec. 11 . Statistics are included where provided .
Girls Ice Hockey
Darien 4 , West Haven 1
Darien 2-1-1 4
West Haven 0-1-0 1
First Period
D – Cate Droogan from Shea van den Broek
D – Kiki Tropsa from Corinne Bevill
Second Period
WH – Taylor Nowak from Mia Celentano
D – Corinne Bevill unassisted
Third Period
D – Libby Branca from Kate Bellissimo
Goalies
WH/SHA – Tatum Courtmanche 26 saves
D – Hallie Kreppein 17 saves
Greenwich 3 , Simsbury 1
Greenwich 1-0-2 3
Simsbury 1-0-0 1
First Period
G – Emma Wingrove from Delaney Roth and Jennie Piotrzkowski , 1:58
S – Kate Werle from Grace Melanson , 13:19
Second Period
No Scoring
Third Period
G – Grace Fahey from Anna Keaveney and Jennie Piotrzkowski , 5:58
G – Paige Finneran from Katie Piotrzkowski , 12:50
Shots : Greenwich 31 , Simsbury 15
Goalies
G – Jessie Aselin 14 saves
S – Tori LaCroix 28 saves
Girls Basketball
New Canaan 44 , Bassick 30
Bassick 7-6-5-12 30
New Canaan 7-13-15-9 44
Bassick : Amaya Labrador 4 2-4 10 , Destiny Martinez 2 3-8 7 , Amerie Davidson 3 0-1 6 , Britney Elliott 1 0-1 3 , Destiny Allen 1 0-0 2 , Kualika Collins 1 0-0 2 . Totals 12 5-14 30
NC : Karlie Bucci 5 0-0 10 , Leigh Charlton 4 0-1 9 , Maeve Selvaggi 2 0-0 5 , Elizabeth DeMarino 2 0-0 4 , Emily Shizari 1 1-2 3 , Catherine Bopp 1 0-0 3 , Jane Charlton 1 1-2 3 , Riana Afshar 1 0-2 3 , Caity Blair 1 0-0 2 , Reilly Krug 1 0-0 2 , Emily Bryant 0 0-0 0 , Eliza Pohle 0 0-0 0 , Annie Minaglia 0 0-0 0 . Totals 19 2-7 44
3-pointers : B – Elliott ; NC – L. Charlton , Selvaggi , Bopp , Afshar
Weston 47 , Trinity Catholic 38
Trinity 9-10-11-8 38
Weston 12-14-7-14 47
TC : Molly Murphy 3 0-1 6 , Emma Garner 4 2-2 11 , Iyanna Lops 2 2-3 7 , Caitlyn Scott 4 5-5 14 , Kiera Fenske 0 0-0 0 , Sarah Jablonsky 0 0-0 0 , Theresa Lupinacci 0 0-0 0 . Totals 13 9-11 38
Weston : Grace Toner 4 4-4 12 , Georgia Burkard 0 2-5 2 , Katie Orefice 2 9-12 13 , Bridget Angus 0 0-0 0 , Jennifer Welsh 2 2-3 6 , Kate Joyce 7 0-3 14 , Kelly Rosemann 0 0-0 0 , Lindsey Kuzma 0 0-0 0 . Totals
3-pointers : TC – Garner , Lops , Scott
Ludlowe 60 , Harding 21
Ludlowe : Bridget Paulmann 17 points , Bridget O'Leary 12 points , Erin O'Leary 7 points
Harding : Tamia Bagley 0 0-0 0 , Selina Burgos 1 0-0 2 , Jonazha Davis 2 0-0 4 , Lexene Small 1 0-0 2 , Jordan Bass 2 0-0 4 , Shyni Cross 4 1-2 8 , Azsanay Torres 0 0-0 0 , Lauren McKenzie 0 0-0 0 , Tejana Wright 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 10 1-1 21 .
Ludlowe : Lily Traum 1 0-0 2 , Anna Paulmann 2 0-0 4 , Emma Torello 2 1-1 4 , Bridget O'Leary 5 2-2 12 , Bridget Paulmann 6 2-2 17 , Paige O'Connell 2 0-0 4 , Erin Capodanno 0 0-0 0 , Amanda Schramm 1 0-0 2 , Trish Carey 0 0-0 0 , Ira Boci 1 0-0 2 , Erin O'Leary 3 0-0 7 , Juliet Bucher 0 0-0 0 , Callie Cirilli 0 0-0 0 . Totals : 25 4-6 50 .
3-pointers : L – O'Leary B , Paulmann B . 3 , O'Leary E , Cirilli
Pomperaug 58 , St. Joseph 36
St Joseph 9-5-7-15 36
Pomperaug 12-15-23-8 58
St Joseph : Veronica Lubas 0 3-3 3 , Elizabeth Adzima 0 1-2 1 , Kathryn Zito 1 3-4 5 , Kaitlin Capobianco 1 0-0 2 , Tessie Hynes 2 1-3 6 , Sarah Johnson 0 1-2 1 , MacKenna Hedman 0 0-0 0 , Rahmia Johnston 2 0-0 4 , Becca Kery 2 0-0 4 , Allison Krakowska 0 0-0 0 , Elena Ball 3 1-3 8 , Maddie Johnson 1 0-2 2 , Emma Elrod 0 0-2 0 . Totals 12 10-21 36
Pomperaug : Kelly Powers 1 0-0 2 , Lindsey Ouellette 1 0-0 3 , Karli Opalka 8 0-2 16 , Molly Flanagan 0 0-0 0 , Megan Todhunter 2 1-4 6 , Claudine Legato 2 3-4 9 , Allison McCormick 2 1-2 5 , Maggie Lee 2 1-2 5 , Maddie Villa 5 2-3 12 . Totals 23 8-17 56
3 pt FG – St Joseph – Tessie Hynes – 1 , Elena Ball -1 ; Pomperaug – Legato – 2 , Oulette – 1 , Todhunter – 1
Highlights – SJ – Elena Ball had 10 rebounds and 3 blocks . Kaitlin Capobianco had 5 steals and 4 assists . Pomperaug – Karli Opalka scored her thousandth point .
Norwalk 61 , Darien 52
Newtown 57 , Danbury 34
Project Body Hair , by Billie , is fighting stigma to show women with body hair in its ads .
Project Body Hair , by Billie , is fighting stigma to show women with body hair in its ads .
IN AN advertising first , a razor company is challenging the norm , simply by showing women 's body hair in its ads .
Project Body Hair , by American company Billie , is hoping the campaign will tackle the taboo , and reduce the number of ads that repeatedly show women waxing or shaving already fuzz-free areas .
The founders said : `` For the past 100 years , women 's razor brands have n't acknowledged female body hair . Commercials show women 'shaving ' perfectly smooth , airbrushed legs . Strange , huh ?
`` But everyone has short stubble , long strands , or something in between . What you do with yours is up to you - grow it , get rid of it , or comb it . It 's your hair , after all . ''
Billie is tackling 100 years of female body hair taboo .
To make the point , the adverts show hairy legs , armpits and even abs and toes .
And as the ad states : `` Hair - everyone has it . Even women . The world pretends it does n't exist - but it does . We checked . So however , whenever , if ever , you want to shave , we 'll be here . ''
One of the comical shots shows a woman blow-drying her armpit hair .
The Project Body Hair website is inviting women to `` make the internet a little fuzzier '' by proudly sharing their hairy pictures .
Photographer Ashley Armitage , who worked on the ad campaign , told Buzzfeed : `` It 's amazing that Billie is the first shaving company to actually show women with body hair .
This photo shows model Bora 's ‘ happy trail ' .
`` In all razor commercials , for some reason I ca n't wrap my head around the fact that models already have smooth , hairless skin .
`` How can you know that a razor is even doing its job if all it 's doing is swiping off some shaving cream ? And more importantly , why is showing female body hair so taboo ? ''
The powerful adverts show hairy legs , armpits and even abs and toes .
Women are loving the campaign and have praised the company for the positive movement .
One fan wrote : `` First commercial ever acknowledging female body hair ! It kinda feels like seeing the moon landing for the first time . ''
The company hopes to reduce the ads that repeatedly show women waxing or shaving already fuzz-free areas .
Another commented : `` Nothing is more beautiful than [ the ] natural body . This is so empowering for many of those who think girls should do a thing with their bodies just because a society says so . ''
By Sandrine Rastello , Bloomberg
The rise of the fashionable sneaker — the result of casual Friday 's inexorable creep across the rest of the week — has footwear retailers scrambling to adjust .
Comfier shoes appear here to stay : Walmart Inc. announced on Wednesday that management can now join other employees in wearing sneakers to work , and casual attire is increasingly accepted at many companies . The trend means that closely held Aldo Group Inc. has found itself competing against footwear giants like Nike Inc. and Adidas AG .
“ Our customer is spending more and more of their wallet share on what we would traditionally think of as athletic wear : The Pumas , and the Adidas and the Nikes , ” Aldo Chief Executive Officer David Bensadoun said in an interview . He referred to the broader trend as the “ casualization of fashion footwear . ”
The shift in consumer preferences is an additional challenge for brick-and-mortar footwear retailers that are already struggling to respond to the rise of e-commerce . The stakes are high for the $ 68.5 billion industry : Rockport Group LLC , Nine West Holdings Inc. and Walking Co. Holdings Inc. have already filed for bankruptcy in recent months .
Spending on footwear rose less than 1 percent last year — the least since 2009 — according to data from the Bureau of Economic Analysis . That modest gain masks the widely divergent scenarios among different segments of the market : High-heel sales dropped 12 percent , while those for sport-leisure shoes climbed 16 percent , according to NPD Group .
Social media
Demand for work-appropriate sneakers means that Aldo , which is based in Montreal and has more than 430 stores in the U.S. , now has to contend with Germany 's Puma SE and its social-media campaigns that include celebrity influencers such as Rihanna and Selena Gomez .
Aldo , which also sells accessories such as handbags and was founded by Bensadoun 's father in 1972 , wants to counter with a celebrity of its own and is looking for the right fit , Bensadoun said on the sidelines of Montreal 's C2 conference last week . It 's also expanding its “ athletic casual ” offerings .
The company , which has a footprint across more than 100 countries , gets half of its revenue from its own stores , 15 percent from franchises and another 15 percent from e-commerce . The rest comes from selling private labels and its own brand to retailers such as Macy 's Inc .
‘ Retail culling '
The decline in foot traffic at U.S. malls , where most Aldo stores are located , is also a drag , according to Bensadoun . Aldo is in the process of shutting some mall-based stores and opening new ones in other locations , including downtown areas and malls with entertainment and attractive food options , he said .
But there 's still too much square footage per shopper in the U.S. , he said , where a “ retail culling ” is needed to get closer to levels of Canada or Europe .
“ That 's what 's missing right now in the U.S. shopping experience , ” he said . “ You 're in a big mall that has too many tenants , that has too much space , there 's not enough shoppers — you feel like you 're walking through a ghost town . ”
Pfc . Michael Farmer , a machine gunner assigned to Bravo Company , 1st Battalion , 3rd Marine Regiment , fires the M-240B machine gun during Integrated Training Exercise ( ITX ) 2-17 at Range 410A , aboard Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center , Twentynine Palms , California , Feb. 5 , 2017 . ITX is a combined-arms exercise which gives all elements of the Marine Air Ground Task Force an opportunity to utilize capabilities during large scale missions to become a more ready fighting force . 1/3 is currently participating as the ground combat element for this exercise . ( U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl . Aaron S. Patterson/Released )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.05.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 00:51 Photo ID : 3166303 VIRIN : 170205-M-QH615-016 Resolution : 4628x3085 Size : 7.09 MB Location : MCAGCC , CA , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 2 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , 1st Battalion , 3rd Marines tear up Range 400 [ Image 1 of 259 ] , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Radio stations in Guam accidentally broadcast an unauthorised a missile warning klaxon that would be used if there was a military attack .
The 'civil danger warning ' message was broadcast at 12.15am this morning by local radio stations KTWG and KSTO , but did not specify the danger .
It said : `` A broadcast station or cable system has issued a civil danger warning for the following countries/areas : Guam ; at 12:25 a.m. on Aug. 15 , 2017 , effective until 12:40 a.m .
`` Message from KTWGKSTO . ''
( Image : YNA / KCNA )
( Image : Hulton Archive )
However the test was not connected to any emergency , heightened threat or warning , BNO news reported .
George Charfauros , Guam Homeland Security Advisor , said in a statement : `` Remember there is no change in threat level , we continue business as usual and know there are U.S. Department of Defense capabilities in place .
( Image : Google )
`` We continue communication with our federal and military partners and have not received official statement warranting any concern for imminent threat to Guam or the Marianas . ”
Kim Jong-un has delayed a decision on firing missiles towards Guam while he watches US actions a little longer , the North 's state media said on Tuesday .
South Korea 's president said Seoul would seek to prevent war by all means .
( Image : AFP )
Signs of easings in tension on the Korean peninsula helped stock markets rally for a second day running even as the UnitedStates and South Korea prepared for more joint military drills and experts warned North Korea could still proceed with its provocative plan .
In his first public appearance in about two weeks , Kim Jong-un inspected the command of the North 's army on Monday , examining a plan to fire four missiles to land near the US Pacific territory of Guam , the official KCNA said in a report .
`` He said that if the Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions on the Korean peninsula and in its vicinity , testing the self-restraint of the DPRK , the latter will make an important decision as it already declared , '' the report said .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Plans or a seven-day NHS are `` unrealistic '' and could seriously effect weekday care , Britain 's top family doctor warned today .
Royal College of General Practitioners chairwoman , Professor Helen Stokes-Lampard , said most GPs were already working `` at the limits of what is safe '' .
Making GPs available at the weekend would slash doctors ' availability to provide care when demand is higher from Monday to Friday , she said .
Prof Stokes-Lampard added : `` GPs are working flat out to do the best they can for their patients , but with a severe shortage of family doctors already seeing record numbers of people , there is no way that a seven-day routine service could be delivered without having a serious impact on services through the week .
“ Patients can always see a GP through the out-of-hours service when they urgently need one .
“ But there is a distinction between 'need ' and 'want ' and there is very little evidence to show that patients want or need to see a GP or non-urgent care on a Sunday afternoon . ''
( Photo : PA )
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has made a seven-day NHS the flagship reform of the Tories ' second term .
The government promised to ensure patients in every part of England will be able to see a GP from 8am to 8pm seven days a week by 2020
David Cameron launched the pledge at the 2014 Tory conference .
But doctors ' surgeries which have opened on weekends over the past two years warn the scheme has flopped – despite the Government pumping £50million of taxpayers ' cash into a `` challenge fund '' to deliver the commitment .
So few patients want to book GP appointments on Saturdays and Sundays that some practices have axed the project .
Prof Stokes-Lampard feared the Tory pledge was “ unrealistic in the current climate ” .
Some 1.3 million patient consultations take place in general practice every day , with around 60 million more patients every year compared with five years ago , she estimated .
GP numbers have failed to keep pace with the soaring pressure on NHS services , she warned .
“ We have n't got the people , we have n't got the resources , ” she told The Guardian .
`` We should be responding to what is needed in an area , and balance that by what can be provided safely .
“ Because frankly if you open on a Sunday afternoon but you 're closed on a Tuesday morning , who benefits ? ''
She added : `` We 're layered too thin at the moment .
“ We ca n't sustain a good five-day service at the moment [ so ] a seven-day service is unrealistic .
“ If we ca n't provide eight to six Monday to Friday because we 're stretched to breaking point , we 're certainly not going to be able to provide seven days a week . ''
But the Department of Health defended the reform .
A spokeswoman said : `` This is a common-sense reform with wide public support - and one we will deliver .
“ People do n't just get ill Monday to Friday , nine to five , and 18 million patients now have weekend and extended access to a GP , which has already shown evidence of relieving pressure on other parts of the NHS . ''
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The January transfer window reached its crescendo with a bang on deadline day .
Arsenal 's club record signing of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and a host of other last-day deals ensured Premier League clubs splashed out £419million during January - a record for the winter window .
Now a busy weekend of fixtures means there are a host of debuts on the table .
Here 's a look at seven players to keep an eye on this weekend .
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang ( Arsenal vs Everton )
( Image : Arsenal FC )
The Gabonese scored 141 goals in 213 games for Borussia Dortmund during his sensational spell at the Westfalenstadion .
Now , provided he recovers from a virus , he will make his Gunners ' debut at the Emirates against Everton .
At 28 , Aubameyang is n't the prototypical Arsene Wenger signing - there is little sell on value where the £56million man is concerned - but the Gunners were desperate for standout quality in the here and now .
Aubameyang brings pace , intelligence , clever movement and looks every inch the superstar . He 's wanted a big move for 12 months , now , amid questions over his character and how he engineered his move away from BVB , it 's his time to prove the juice is worth the squeeze .
Jordan Hugill ( West Ham vs Brighton )
( Image : West Ham United FC )
The 25-year-old had a solid if unremarkable record in the Championship with Preston North End and to all intents and purposes looks something of a panic buy from a West Ham side needing firepower and in the midst of an injury crisis .
His £10million arrival gives the Hammers an attacking focal point , and Hugill showed in the second tier that he is more than willing to cover the hard yards and put himself around .
The question is whether he has the pace or quality to make an impression at English football 's top table ?
Islam Slimani ( Newcastle United vs Crystal Palace )
( Image : Newcastle United via Getty )
The Algerian has joined Newcastle on loan after a disappointing 18 months at Leicester City .
Slimani , 29 , arrived at the King Power with a stellar reputation after shining for Sporting Lisbon , but has largely flattered to deceive , scoring 12 goals in 44 games for the Foxes .
For Rafa Benitez , the January window was a major disappointment , the Spaniard not getting what he wanted as the Newcastle takeover issue descended into farce .
But if he can get Slimani back to something like his Sporting best , then the target man can give goal-shy Newcastle 's survival hopes a real shot in the arm .
Lucas Moura ( Tottenham vs Liverpool )
( Image : Tottenham Hotspur FC )
The brilliance of the Brazilian has grown almost mythical qualities in recent months , following his ostracising at Paris Saint-Germain .
Once tipped to be a future Ballon d'Or winner , he arrives at Tottenham with a point to prove . But his signing could be a masterstroke from Mauricio Pochettino .
Blessed with breathtaking pace and excellent close control , plus an eye for goal , Moura offers Spurs something they previously did n't have : a game-changing individualist .
If he commits to Pochettino 's methods , the £23million star will prove a bargain . Will be on the bench ( at best ) this weekend at Anfield , but , at 25 , his peak years should be spent in north London .
Eliaquim Mangala ( Everton vs Arsenal )
( Image : Everton FC/Getty Images )
Sam Allardyce made a habit during his time as Bolton Wanderers manager of reviving the careers of players who were either ageing or were under-performing elsewhere .
Eliaquim Mangala , at 26 , falls into the latter category ; simply , since moving for £42million from Porto to Manchester City , the French international has struggled .
But there is a defender in there something . Tall , powerful , strong , composed , he has all the tools ; if Allardyce can find his best , then his loan could prove a coup .
Andre Ayew ( Swansea City vs Leicester City )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
They say you should never go back , but there was delight at the Liberty Stadium after the Swans splashed £18million to take Andre Ayew back to Wales .
Ayew impressed in 2015-16 for the club , scoring 12 goals after joining on a free transfer and persuading West Ham to spend £20.5million to land his services .
Now the 28-year-old returns and will add more devilment to Carlos Carvalhal 's rapidly-improving side , and will create an all-action strike partnership with younger brother Jordan .
Alexander Sorloth ( Crystal Palace vs Newcastle United )
( Image : FrontzoneSport )
Last summer , the 22-year-old 6ft 4in striker moved from Dutch side Groningen to Danish football , costing FC Midtylland just £350,000 .
Sorloth had stuggled in the Eredivisie , scoring just five goals in 38 games , but found his feet in the Danish Superliga , bagging 10 in 19 - and another four in six in the Europa League .
That has prompted Palace to splash £9million on the 12-cap Norwegian international , in their desperation to add to their attack - desperation enhanced by the injury suffered by Bakary Sako at West Ham .
On paper , looks a major risk .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Casey Batchelor has already won praise for mums for refusing to bow to the pressures of snapping back into shape after welcoming daughter Florence .
And just four weeks after the birth , Casey was proudly back in a bikini as she showed off her curvier figure while holidaying in Marbella .
The new mum , 33 , was spotted by her hotel pool clad in a blue striped two-piece , that featured a plunging halterneck top .
Casey was looking very body confident as she relaxed by the pool with her friend , radio presenter Sam Dowler .
( Image : BACKGRID )
( Image : BACKGRID )
Last week glamour model Casey spoke to New ! Magazine about how she was embracing her new figure after welcoming her first child .
“ I 've still got a belly , I 've still got jiggly bits and wobbly bits , '' she said .
The former Celebrity Big Brother star also took to Instagram to show fans what a 'real ' mum 's belly looked like after giving birth .
( Image : BACKGRID )
( Image : BACKGRID )
( Image : Instagram )
Posing in a pair of black briefs and matching bra , Casey displayed hr 'mum tum ' as her daughter lay across her .
`` This is what a belly really looks like after birth , yes it still looks like I have a baby in there , '' she quipped .
The reality star has jetted off to Marbella at the weekend for a friend 's wedding leaving daughter Florence behind with dad Dane Goodson , 33 .
Casey and Dane have been dating for two years and welcomed their first daughter together in June .
Casey tweeted while she was away how much she was missing her girl , `` Having a lovely flying visit to Spain for my cousin 's wedding but missing my Florence loads .
“ She 's having Daddy and Daughter bonding time though . Will be home soon princess . ”
Casey and Dane announced they 'd welcomed daughter Florence last month .
Sharing a picture of her new arrival the new mum wrote : `` I have n't been on social media as I 've been slightly busy the past few days .
`` We have finally welcomed our beautiful baby . I 'm going to take some time out to enjoy and cherish these precious new born moments . But wanted to let you all know as I 've been having lots of messages . I 'll update you with details and with beautiful pictures soon . ''
She and secret boyfriend Dane Goodson revealed they were expecting their first child together in January 2018 , when Casey was already 22 weeks pregnant .
In the years before LTE and fixed line fibre became the norm , WiMax was touted as the UK 's connectivity solution
Tech veterans of a certain age will remember the fact that WiMax networks were up and running in the United Kingdom and the United States in real world situations , long before LTE arrived on the scene .
Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access ( WiMax ) was touted as the way ahead before superfast broadband became a daily reality for UK residents thanks to the nationwide deployment of fibre cabling .
But where did it all go wrong for WiMax ?
Why did such an established technology that was deployed in commercial networks around the world , and was a serious contender to be the technology of choice for 4G , just wither and die ? Read on to find out .
Wi-Fi On Steroids
WiMax was sometimes referred to as “ Wi-Fi on steroids ” and it was used for a number of applications including broadband connections , cellular backhaul , hotspots , etc .
It was similar to long-range Wi-Fi in some respects , but it could enable usage at much greater distances .
This meant that WiMax , for a time at least , was considered to be a genuine replacement for the traditional landline ( cable or DSL service ) , as it could be deployed either at home or office , or could provide mobile Internet access across entire cities ( or indeed countries ) .
And it should be remembered that a WiMax network could be deployed at relatively low costs in comparison with 3G , HSDPA , xDSL etc . This meant that WiMax was considered economically viable to provide last-mile broadband Internet access in remote locations .
But what exactly was WiMax ?
Well , it is a family of wireless communication standards based on the IEEE 802.16 set of standards .
It actually dates back seventeen years to 2001 , when the “ WiMax ” named was created by the WiMax Forum ( formed in June 2001 ) to promote conformity and interoperability of the standard .
The original IEEE 802.16 standard was first published in 2001 , and it was initially designed to provide 30 to 40 megabit-per-second data rates .
This standard was amended in 2005 to the 802.16e standard ( called “ Fixed WiMax ” ) , and the WiBro service in South Korea was launched in 2005 . It used IEEE 802.16e and was able to offer a staggering 25Mbps ( an amazing speed for the time ) . This allowed for video conferencing , HD video streaming etc .
The 2011 update ( 802.16m or Mobile WiMax ) even allowed for up to 1 Gbit/s for fixed stations .
Mobile WiMax was intended as a replacement for cellular phone technologies such as GSM and CDMA , or it was used as an overlay to increase capacity .
Fixed WiMax was also considered as a wireless backhaul technology for 2G , 3G , and 4G networks in both developed and developing nations .
Doomed To Fail ?
But WiMax was facing a challenge . Despite it being first to market and having operational networks in the US with companies such as Clearwire , as well as a couple of trial networks in the UK , WiMax did have some challenges to overcome .
Between 2005 and 2010 , WiMax networks had begun appearing around the world . But by 2010 the tide was starting to turn against WiMax as cellular operators opted not to invest in building WiMax networks , and instead waited for the arrival of LTE .
The LTE Standard had been finalised in December 2008 , and the first commercial deployment of LTE was carried out by TeliaSonera in Oslo and Stockholm in December 2009 .
And from 2010 onwards LTE began to be increasingly adopted by mobile carriers around the world , because in part to the greater financial returns it could offer .
But why did it fail ?
Well Silicon put that very question to UK Broadband in 2012 and was told back then that WiMax was already a doomed technology .
UK Broadband , along with another firm Freedom4 ( formerly Pipex Wireless ) were the only two companies at that time which had the necessary spectrum to launch WiMax networks in the UK . UK Broadband had declined to invest in WiMax , leaving only Freedom4 to build a WiMax network in Milton Keynes and Stratford Upon Avon .
UK Broadband told Silicon UK six years ago that while it had owned the necessary spectrum for WiMax , the decision to unbundle the local loop ( i.e . fixed-line broadband ) made the firm realise that there was no way wireless providers could compete against an unregulated home broadband market .
4G Contender
It should be remembered that for a time , WiMax and LTE ( Long Term Evolution ) were locked in a battle to become the 4G standard for the world .
UK Broadband 's chief executive , Nicholas James told Silicon that even most WiMax backers , including Clearwire in the United States ( which has already built WiMax networks in many US cities ) , had already signalled their intent to move across to LTE .
James explained it was never cost effective for WiMax networks to compete effectively against fixed-line broadband networks , and that WiMax was never a long-term solution .
WiMax , he felt , just could n't compete in a competitive environment with multiple operators , unbundled local loop etc , and a wireless technology just could n't complete against fixed-line .
“ The problem with WiMax was the time it took to go mobile , ” said James . He said that the WiMax IEEE 802.16e ( fixed WiMax ) standard has been around for years , but the mobile option ( 16m ) had arrived a bit too late .
According to him , mobile operators had recognised that mobile connectivity was the future , not a fixed wireless option , and hence they opted for LTE .
“ What happened was that LTE came along early enough so that all operators adopted it , ” said James in 2012 . “ No one adopted 16m because there were no economies of scale . Indeed , all WiMax operators have signalled they will move to LTE . ”
In Conclusion
James had one viewpoint for the failure of WiMax . Another possible reason for WiMax 's failure was compatibility .
Although LTE arrived much later than WiMax , it was actually just an upgrade to existing networks . WiMax on the other hand was a brand-new technology , and mobile operators who had already spend huge sums of money on 3G networks , were wary of investing heavily in a brand-new technology .
Most decided to wait until LTE was ready .
Some may lament the fact , but they should take comfort in the fact that WiMax was a great technology . It offered incredible speeds ( at the time ) in a mobile environment , and it pioneered a lot of technologies such as MIMO ( Multiple Input , Multiple Output ) ; Space-Time Frequency Coding etc .
But thanks to its later arrival , LTE was able to incorporate some of those technologies into its standard .
WiMax was a classic example of a technology doing a lot of things right , and despite it being the first in the market , it failed to capture the 4G crown , leaving LTE to win the day .
CAPE CANAVERAL , Fla. - Want the world 's best , up-close view of a rocket launch without being right there at the pad ?
For the first time , cameras will provide live 360-degree video of a rocket heading toward space .
NASA will provide the 360 stream Tuesday as an unmanned Atlas rocket blasts off from Cape Canaveral , Florida , with a capsule full of space station supplies . The stream will begin 10 minutes before the scheduled 11:11 a.m. liftoff and continue until the rocket is out of sight .
The four fisheye-lens cameras are located at the periphery of the pad , about 300 feet ( 100 meters ) from the rocket . A computer in a blast-proof box will stitch together the images for a full , in-the-round view . There will be about a minute lag time .
It will be shown on NASA 's YouTube channel .
`` It 's great , I mean , to be able to get in there and experience that 360-degree view , '' said Vern Thorp , a program manager for rocket maker United Launch Alliance . Combining that with virtual reality goggles , `` it really gives you a new perspective that we 've never been able to do before , '' he said at a Monday news conference .
United Launch Alliance has released 360-degree video of two previous launches , but later — not live .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Orbital ATK , one of NASA 's main delivery services for the International Space Station , opted to use an Atlas V for this supply run from Cape Canaveral versus its own smaller , Virginia-based Antares rocket in order to haul up more items . The supply ship is known as the Cygnus after the swan constellation , and in this case has been named the S.S. John Glenn .
Glenn became the first American to orbit the world in 1962 — launching on an Atlas rocket — and the oldest person to fly in space in 1998 aboard the shuttle Discovery . He died at age 95 in December . He was buried at Arlington National Cemetery earlier this month .
`` It 's an honor to launch the spacecraft which has been named in memory of John Glenn , '' Thorp told reporters . Given that Glenn flew on an Atlas rocket and Tuesday 's rocket is an Atlas , `` I feel like we 're bridging history . ''
FRANKLIN COUNTY , Va. - People in Franklin County are suing Mountain Valley Pipeline , saying a mudslide at a construction site damaged their property .
Six landowners filed the suit Tuesday in federal court .
They claim the company has shown a “ startling disregard ” for the effects of construction .
On May 15 , heavy rain caused mud to slide past barriers workers had in place , causing about 8 inches of mud to cover Cahas Mountain Road .
There is now an investigation underway by the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality into what caused the mudslide to block the Franklin County road near where construction of the Mountain Valley Pipeline is underway .
The landowners , Wendell and Mary Flora , Glenn and Linda Firth , and Michael and France Hurt , said the runoff made its way to their property and damaged streams .
The lawsuit quotes a Virginia Department of Environmental Quality worker who said she saw a nearby stream filled with so much mud no water was flowing .
The landowners are asking a judge to stop construction of the pipeline .
An MVP spokeswoman said after the incident that the company is investigating and no streams were impacted .
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved .
The Helena Bengals were the best girls basketball team in the state yet again this season as Bengals won their second consecutive state title . Although it was teamwork that made the dream work for the Bengals , their celebration was extended Monday morning when Jamie Pickens was named Montana 's Gatorade Player of the Year .
The 6-foot-2 inch junior led the Bengals to a 21-3 season and their second straight AA State Championship . The first-team All-state forward and Lady Griz commit averaged 15 points , 12 rebounds , three steals , two assists , and two blocks per game . Pickens and teammate , Kamden Hilborn shared tournament MVP honors earlier this month after defeating Missoula Sentinel in the title game for their second straight state championship . Despite the accomplishment , Pickens says that the team 's run still means more to her .
`` It was a really big honor . I know there are a lot of really good players out there so to be able to compete with them and receive this honor was a big deal obviously . I think winning the state title was probably the best part of the whole year . The Gatorade was like the cherry on top but I got to do the other thing with my team and coaches and fans and supporters instead of just me , '' said Pickens .
AINS obtains approval to buy back or sell up to 10 % of own shares ( KSE ) Date : 23 Apr 2018 Al-Ahleia Insurance Company announced that Capital Markets Authority approved , on April 22 , 2018 , its request to buy back or sell up to 10 % of own shares over a period of 6 months commencing date of approval .
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has admitted he needs to rethink his handling of Adam Lallana with the Reds midfielder a huge doubt for Sunday 's match against Tottenham .
The 29-year-old was ruled out for the first four months of the campaign after suffering an injury in pre-season , report the Liverpool Echo .
He returned as a late substitute against Chelsea in November , but then missed the following four games after a setback .
Lallana then managed a second comeback , but that has also been cut short after coming off the bench in the defeat to Swansea last month .
( Image : John Powell/Liverpool FC via Getty Images )
( Image : AFP )
The England international subsequently missed the win over Huddersfield with a muscle injury , and looks set to miss the visit of Spurs this weekend .
Klopp believes the shape Lallana is in makes it seem the player is back to full fitness even if he is n't , and says he will need to reconsider how to manage the former Southampton man .
“ It 's really unlucky . It was a really serious injury in the summer , ” Klopp explained . “ Because of Adam 's quality and attitude in training , it looks immediately like we can put him in , but physical-wise he 's not fit .
( Image : Liverpool FC )
“ The two things that happened after his big injury were in the 10 or 15 minutes after he came on . From nil to 100 in a second , and that 's maybe what caused the problem .
“ We really tried to be sensible with it , to do the right thing . But it did n't work , twice . It 's really not a big thing , three games is like not being injured .
“ He 's maybe available for Tottenham , and if not then he 'll have missed three games . That 's really OK but of course it 's not cool . The body needs to adapt again to the intensity . ”
Canada 's London , Ontario Diocese has cut funds earmarked for victims of clerical abuse wanting proof of evidence-based counselling from their psychological sessions .
At least 21 priests have been convicted , charged or sued for sexual offences in the diocese .
The diocese has paid counselling bills for years because , when it first started settling lawsuits against its priests , it refused to pay lump sums for counselling to victims .
Instead , the diocese insisted the church look after their care , lawyer Rob Talach says .
That worked well when the diocese was paying psychologists $ 250 an hour – similar to the rate suggested in 2015 on the Ontario Psychological Association website .
However , after Fr John Comiskey was named as a bishop 's delegate and moderator of the curia to administer the funding , the rate reduced to $ 120 an hour .
At the same time , former victims were granted five additional counselling sessions .
Payment for additional treatment would be considered after psychologists submit assessments about each patient and how much longer they would require therapy .
One former victim , who was abused by a priest as a child and later created the first Canadian chapter of the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , says the new rules are a “ disgrace . ”
Victims might find a therapist willing to provide care for $ 120 an hour , but not one with the specialised knowledge and experience needed to help those sexually abused by priests , she says .
In a written statement , the diocese says :
“ In line with the expectations of the College of Psychologists of Ontario , the diocese seeks to ensure that any of the victims will receive only evidence-based treatments .
“ In addition , the Diocese of London seeks to assure that the duration and frequency of treatments are also in accord with the guidelines set by the same college .
“ The diocese takes sexual abuse seriously and is complying with its legal settlements reached with victims .
“ Sexual misconduct is a sin and a grave tragedy .
“ We choose to respond with justice and compassion toward all those persons involved .
“ The Diocese of London continues to meet its legal obligations to victims as set out in settlements . ”
Comiskey believes the level of funding for victims of sexual abuse by the church has not changed .
“ The only changes that we have made is that we have asked those who are giving counselling for complainants and those who have received settlements from us that they 're going to be using evidence-based counselling , ” he says .
“ We are asking in advance for a protocol . ”
“ We have a right to know what the fees are going to be and that we agree on those fees and services before those services are provided , ” Comiskey said .
Source
News category : World .
© Sputnik/ Dmitry Vinogradov
Putin-Assad Meeting
Russian Operation in Syria
The Russian president has visited the Hmeymim base in Syria 's Latakia for the first time since the launch of the anti-terrorist operation at the request of President Bashar Assad . The Russian leader has emphasized that if the terrorists gain the upper hand in Syria , Russian forces will carry out strikes the likes of which `` they 've never seen . `` President Vladimir Putin has ordered Russian troops withdraw from Syria , saying that the Russian forces are returning from Syria victorious . The Russian president has glorified the work of the country 's aerospace units in the region by saying that they had performed `` brilliantly '' in Syria . `` I instruct the Defense Minister , the head of the General Staff to begin the withdrawal of the Russian troop contingents back to the places of their permanent location , '' Putin said , when speaking to servicemen in Syria , saying that they have shown courage , heroism , coordination , determination , brilliant training and high professionalism in the region.The Russian leader has emphasized that if terrorists gain upper hand in Syria , Russian forces will carry out strikes the likes of which `` they 've never seen '' , adding that the two Russian bases , in Tartus and Khmeimim would continue to operate.The Russian president has underlined that with the help of Russia 's military operation , Syria has been preserved as an independent and sovereign state , adding that conditions for the political settlement in Syria under the auspices of the UN have been created and the refugees , that had to flee their homes , may return.Vladimir Putin has touched upon the work of Russian defense industry enterprises and armed forces , which had demonstrated the growing capabilities of the country 's navy and army , the high-level combat skills of units and divisions.Putin was met by Syrian President Bashar Assad , Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu , when he arrived at the Khmeimim base in the Latakia province for the first time since the launch of the anti-terrorist operation in the Arab Republic at the request of Damascus in 2015.The Russian president has hold a separate meeting with Syrian President Bashar Assad at the base station of the Hmeymim airbase . `` Indeed , the threat of terrorism , in general , is very high . The fact that we defeated one of the main groups - Daesh in Syria - is extremely important for Syria , and for Russia , and for the whole world , '' the Russian president noted.In his turn , the Syrian leader thanked Russian President Vladimir Putin for the effective assistance in the country 's fight against terrorism . `` The achievements that have taken place are very significant , very important for us . The theme of our meeting , the destruction of Daesh fighters , is very important for the whole world . We coped with this . On behalf of the whole people of the Syrian Arab Republic , I express my deep gratitude for the role your armed forces played . The victories that have been achieved have affected not only our state , but also neighboring countries , '' Assad said.During the meeting in Khmeimim President Assad thanked President Putin for their active participation in the fight against terrorism in Syria , noting that the Syrian people would not forget the Russian servicemen after their blood mingled with the blood of the soldiers of the Syrian Arab army who died in the fight against terrorism . `` This blood , shed on the Syrian land , confirms that they are stronger than terror , and the memory of the dead of both armies and their courage will be a guiding light for future generations , '' Assad stated.Summurizing the result of the two-years military campaign , Vladimir Putin has mentioned another mediating countries in the Syrian issue , Iran and Turkey , expressing hope that they would in establishing a peaceful life in the country , contributing to the eradication of terrorism . `` It is important to prepare the Congress of the Syrian people , I will now have an opportunity to talk about this in Cairo with the President of Egypt , and a little later with the President of Turkey , `` Putin said.The annoucement of Russian President Vladimir Putin has come almost a week after his statement on the complete destruction of the jihadists along both banks of the Euphrates River . Mentioning the continued existence of isolated hotbeds of resistance , Putin said that on the whole , the Syrian and Russian operation in the area has ended with a complete `` routing of the terrorists . `` Сommenting on the course of the operation , the Russian General Staff Col. Gen. Sergei Rudskoi has stressed that now that terrorist group has been eliminated from Syria , Russian troops will concentrate their efforts on restoring peaceful life in the country and observing the parties .
/
How startups in emerging industries should approach the big pitch .
April 24 , 2018 6 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
In 2016 , $ 104 million was invested into esports businesses . That number more than tripled to $ 386 million in 2017 . And at the rate money is coming in this year , we are on pace to see $ 1 billion dollars invested in esports businesses .
The best part ? Some of that money went to me .
As the founder of an esports company , U GIT GUD , I can tell you that it 's a great time to be an entrepreneur in this sector . My business partner , Alan , and I recently succeeded in raising money from some prominent esports investors , and we see tons of new startups popping up in this space .
Esports -- the business of competitive video gaming -- is an emerging industry , so I wanted to share some of our experience in pitching and successfully raising money for our startup . For anyone working in esports or other emerging industries looking to raise some money , this will hopefully provide a rough sketch of what to expect and how to improve your chances of success . It 's not perfect , but it 's what worked for us .
Related : Rejected by Network TV , There 3 Women Took Their Talents to YouTube and Grew an Audience of 3.6 Million
Testing the waters .
To me , the opportunity present in esports is self-evident . But I ca n't tell you how many times I have walked into a meeting or pitch only to be greeted by blank stares , forced smiles and restrained nods .
My goal is to answer the most important question first : Does this investor believe in esports ?
Pro tip : You are n't going to convince an investor to change their opinion on esports . Before you walked in the door , that investor has already made a decision on esports as a space . With that in mind , there are really only two possibilities :
If you 're lucky , you have a golden opportunity on your hands . If you 're unlucky , they took the meeting on someone else 's recommendation , and it will be a waste of time .
You have to figure out which camp the investor is in , and adjust accordingly . I have found a lot of success by starting the conversation with some version of one of the two following questions :
What games do you play ? What do you know about gaming and esports ?
The answers you want to hear are along the lines of “ To be honest , I do n't know much . But ... '' ( insert something that indicates they have done some research on the space here ) or “ My kids play these games all the time , and I swear they do n't want to do anything else . ”
Any other answer indicates they are simultaneously aware of how passionate the players in the community are and how little they understand of the space . This constitutes the perfect storm in which you have an opportunity to demonstrate your value and add to their investment portfolio .
Related : What Every Startup Must Do to Get Investor Ready
Diving in or `` killing the unicorn . ”
Let 's assume you are lucky , and the investor in the room has already bought into the space , conceptually . The next point to keep in mind is that you are not selling an idea , but rather how you personally add value to their investment .
A lot of entrepreneurs make a critical error here . They try to sell themselves as the guy who owns the shiny-unicorn-billion-dollar-idea . Investors have seen this over and over , and it is not impressive to them . Every entrepreneur should have a borderline unhealthy belief in their own product . Otherwise , the startup grind will chew you up and spit you out . This fact alone does not separate you from any other entrepreneur . It is merely a prerequisite .
Instead , it is critical to demonstrate how you will recognize when your idea is in the 90 percent of startups that fail within the first year . It is even more important to demonstrate your ability to impartially ask questions , to figure out if “ failure ” is an execution mistake that you can improve upon , and to make the hard decision when all signs point to a pivot .
For every Facebook , Uber and Twitch there are thousands of startups with incredible ideas and talented founders that burn through cash and fade into the ether .
Related : Infographic : The 20 Most Common Reasons Startups Fail and How to Avoid Them
The plan .
So , with all that in mind , here is how I structure my pitch .
After chatting about their knowledge of esports and answering any initial questions , I present my hypothesis and give my reasons why I believe the hypothesis to be true . It always helps to have preliminary results or traction . This is when the important dialogue begins .
You need to demonstrate to the investor how you will test or iterate on your idea . What are the important questions you need to answer ? How are you going to design tests to find the answers to these questions ? What strategic decisions will you make given different answers ? How will you use this investment to find these answers ? And lastly , if everything goes swimmingly , what is this investment worth ?
At this point , you have the check in hand . Just kidding .
Pitching an investor is an elaborate song and dance . It never goes as smoothly as you would imagine . One meeting morphs into a follow-up call and , if you 're lucky , a second meeting . Immediate action items are never resolved but rather turn into additional questions to answer . One week timelines become two weeks or a month . Understanding this is critical to startup life .
Related : Why Startup Founders Must Go Slow to Go Fast
Conclusion .
Throughout it all , we 've had to be nimble . My recommendation to others on the journey is always to take it as it comes and enjoy the roller coaster , the roadblocks , the setbacks and the victories . You need to be passionately humble . Do n't downplay your knowledge of the space or your passion for esports . But when you do n't know something , you should n't pretend to know .
The best investors I have worked with share a unique ability to identify when they do not know the answer . The best entrepreneurs take this a step further and figure out how to find these answers .
Investors are excited about esports and are willing to write a check . I am the fortunate recipient of an opportunity to build a great startup in this space , and I hope you will be , too .
TOKYO - Japan captain Makoto Hasebe has announced his retirement from the national team , on the heels of the squad 's heartbreaking ejection from the World Cup in a match against Belgium .
`` I have decided to end the chapter of my career with the national team with this tournament , '' Hasebe wrote on his Instagram account .
The 34-year-old defensive midfielder 's departure from the Blue Samurai could mean a changing of the guard for the team , with former AC Milan striker Keisuke Honda , 32 , also saying he plans to retire from the national squad .
Hasebe , who won the German Cup with Eintracht Frankfurt last season , has been on the national team for more than 12 years under five coaches .
This year 's World Cup is his third , after South Africa in 2010 and Brazil in 2014 , and saw his team come heartstoppingly close to the quarterfinals before crashing out against Belgium .
Japan were ousted after Belgium came from behind to win 3-2 in their first match in the knock-out round .
The team will head next to the Asian Cup in the United Arab Emirates early next year , and may also be looking for a new coach .
Akira Nishino , who took over months before the World Cup after the controversial firing of his predecessor Vahid Halilhodzic , has been tight-lipped on his future plans despite reports he could be replaced .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Anthony Crolla and Ricky Burns successfully weighed in under the 135 pounds limit for the Battles of Britain on Saturday in Manchester .
The lightweight are aiming to bounce back off tough losses against Jorge Linares and Julius Indongo respectively .
The winner will still foster world title ambitions , while the loser could be faced with a long road back or retirement .
The fight has left fans split on who they believe will win , refreshing for a standard non-PPV Saturday night card . Though Crolla is a clear favourite with the bookies ( see odds below ) .
Here 's everything you need to know about the fight :
( Image : Mark Robinson/Matchroom )
When and where is the fight ?
The fight is on Saturday , October 7 at the Manchester Arena . Expect the ring walk to be at around 10pm .
How can I watch it ?
You can watch the fight live on Sky Sports Action ( from 19:00 ) and Sky Sports Main Event ( from 22:00 ) . Alternatively , if you 're on the move , log in with your details to Sky Sports Go to catch a live stream of the fight on your mobile device , or grab a day pass on Now TV .
( Image : Mark Robinson/Matchroom )
( Image : Mark Robinson/Matchroom )
Who 's on the undercard ?
Familiar faces will be featuring on the undercard , with Conor Benn back out to face Nathan Clarke in a six-round welterweight contest .
Sam Eggington is also back against Mohamed Mimoune for the European welterweight title .
Odds 2/5 Anthony Crolla 22/1 Draw 2/1 Ricky Burns
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Marouane Fellaini claims England 's World Cup clash with Belgium will be as intense as a Premier League game .
England face Roberto Martinez 's men in their final group game in Kaliningrad on June 28 and the Belgium team will be packed full of Premier League players .
Fellaini claims this will make it similar to a Premier League game and said : “ Yes , it will be intense . It will be hard work and full of quality . I look forward to it .
“ Before that , we have two very important games , like England have . It is the third game , so I hope that the job will be done before the England game .
“ I hope that it will be a good game . It will be a good test for us because England are a good , young and energetic team . It will be good for us as well to play against them . ”
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Fellaini has an intimate knowledge of Gareth Southgate 's squad from his 10 years in England and says they can mix style with steel .
“ They can play because they have good , technical players , ” said the Manchester United midfielder . “ They are physical , but they are also very technical so they can play good football . ”
Fellaini claims his United team-mate Romelu Lukaku will be key for Belgium now that he is fit after his ankle problem and says he is difficult to stop .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
“ When he 's fit and he 's in a good dynamic , it 's difficult to stop him because he scores goals , ” he said .
“ He 's powerful and he 's dangerous in the box . He 's a good guy for us . ”
Belgium also boast Eden Hazard and Kevin De Bruyne in their star-studded squad and Fellaini claims they have several matchwinners .
“ We have a lot of players playing in different countries for different big teams , so they can be dangerous , ” he said .
“ The stars are Hazard and De Bruyne , but the rest are good players and can do something special . ”
A Niagara Falls man has built what he says is the world 's only fully automated metal Terminator — or T-800 for the nerds out there .
The life-sized movie model , which is made of aluminum and stainless steel , is complete with eyes that light up red and Terminator-themed music . It moves its body and even has a voice — Arnie 's voice from the movie .
The project was a dream of Derek Costello 's , a retired Niagara Falls resident , who says he 's a big fan of the movie franchise .
“ I 've seen the movies a thousand times . Terminator 1 , Terminator 2 : Judgment Day . ”
During the building , Costello did n't stray away from accurate details .
Even the teeth are modelled after the real Arnold Schwarzenegger 's teeth , he says .
He says he knows children these days will pick out anything that 's wrong .
“ You know , if you make one mistake building the thing , the kids go , ‘ You ca n't have that , that 's got ta be right , ' so all this I had to do exactly like the movie . ”
In the first movie of the franchise released in 1984 , a cyborg assassin , disguised as a human and known as a Terminator ( Schwarzenegger ) travels from 2029 to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor ( Linda Hamilton ) . Sent to protect Sarah is Kyle Reese ( Michael Biehn ) , who divulges the coming of Skynet , an artificial intelligence system that will spark a nuclear holocaust . Sarah is targeted because Skynet knows that her unborn son will lead the fight against them . With the virtually unstoppable Terminator in hot pursuit , she and Kyle attempt to escape . The science fiction action film was directed by James Cameron .
Costello says some parts of his cyborg took him a couple of attempts to get just right .
Terminator even has his own green card , which was necessary to take it to Buffalo Comic Con , one of four comic-cons at which it will be making an appearance this year .
Costello says he was surprised to find out that his cyborg is unique in being the only metal one in the world .
“ I thought I was just doing one of the ones from the movies . But the ones from the movies were all made from plastic . ”
As far as he knows , there are no other Terminator figures like his .
Costello made every part himself , from shaping the metal for the face to rounding off the metal for the fingers . The final price tag , he says , was about $ 7,000 .
“ I had to make everything . There 's nothing you can buy . ”
The model was all constructed in Costello 's garage in his spare time . He says it took four months to build , working about five hours a day . But the reward of having completed it in January was worth it for him .
Costello says the neighbourhood kids love to come and see it .
The figure says iconic phrases made famous by Schwarzenegger such as “ I 'll be back ” and “ Come with me if you want to live . ”
Costello controls the Terminator from a station that looks like it 's straight out of The Wizard of Oz , the whole time looking more excited than a child on Christmas .
This is n't a first for Costello , who has created other figures for museums in the past .
In addition to Buffalo , the Terminator will be at Comic Cons in London and Ottawa this year .
Comic Cons are held around the world and include various forms of entertainment genres and comic-related themes .
`` We hypothesize that the advanced civilizations may live safely inside the supermassive black holes in the galactic nuclei being invisible from the outside , '' said Russian cosmologist Vyacheslav Vyacheslav Dokuchaev at Moscow 's Institute for Nuclear Research and the Russian Academy of Sciences .
Astronomers report that they have discovered the most gigantic black holes ever found in the universe , an abyss 10 times the size of our solar system , encompassing regions or `` event horizons '' about five times the distance from the sun to Pluto or about 2,500 times as massive as the black hole at the center of the Milky Way .
The biggest of of these monsters , which weighs as much as 21 billion Suns , is in an egg-shaped galaxy known as NGC 4889 , the brightest galaxy in the Coma cluster of thousands of galaxies about 335 million light-years away .
The inner workings of these supermassive black holes may be less hostile than we realize , possibly with stable regions where life and even planets could exist , according to Dokuchaev . Charged and rotating black holes have a complex internal structure that allow photons and particles of much greater magnitude to safely orbit the central singularity .
Gravitational tides within the central singularity are so powerful that even light gets sucked Dokuchaev has studied the dynamics of surrounding stable periodic planetary orbits , that neither terminate at the central singularity nor exit the black hole , creating space for life in the spinning black hearts of the active galactic nuclei .
Dokuchaev 's research demonstrates that `` living inside the eternal black holes is possible in principle , if these black holes are rotating or charged and massive enough for weakening the tidal forces and radiation of gravitational waves to acceptable level . ''
Type III advanced civilizations on the Kardashev scale that have achieved mastery of the resources of their galaxy , could inhabit such black hole interiors .
`` The naked central singularity illuminates the orbiting internal planets and provides the energy supply for life supporting , '' he adds . `` Some additional highlighting during the night time comes from eternally circulating photons . ''
Upon arrival at the event horizon of a black hole a theoretical observer enters a region where the radial dimension is more time-like than space-like . Beyond this is the inner Cauchy horizon where the dimensions again reverse , shifting into a plane where stable orbits for massive planets exist . The Cauchy horizon is a light-like boundary where one side of the horizon contains closed space-like geodesics and the other side contains closed time-like geodesics .
`` This internal black hole domain , hidden by the two horizons from the whole external universe , is indeed a suitable place for safe inhabitation , '' Dokuchaev writes . `` The only thing needed is to put your vehicle or your planet to a stable periodic orbit inside the black hole . ''
To exist in this realm , any such civilizations would have to have overcome extreme conditions , such as massive tidal forces .
`` Yet , some difficulties ( or advantages ? ) of a life inside black holes are worth mentioning , such as a possible causality violation and the growing energy density in the close vicinity of the Cauchy horizon . ''
The Daily Galaxy via NYtimes and dailymail.com
Most Popular Space & Science Headlines
Stephen Hawking 's Great Question -- '' Why Is n't the Milky Way Crawling With Mechanical or Biological Life ? ''
`` Alien Minds '' -- 'Artificial Intelligence Is Already Out There , and It 's Billions of Years Old ' ( VIDEO )
`` Point of No Return '' -- MIT Scientist Predicts the Event Horizon for Earth 's 6th Mass Extinction
A Neutron Star Collision in Our Milky Way Neighborhood Could Destroy Earth
`` 300-Million Nuclear Bombs '' -- New Insights Into Global Impact of Titanic Chicxulub Mass-Extinction Event
Stephen Hawking : Wake Up , Science Deniers ! -- '' Earth is Morphing into Venus '' ( WATCH Today 's 'Galaxy ' Stream )
`` Evolutionary Leap ? '' AI is Mimicing the Human Brain -- '' But Several Orders of Magnitude Faster and More Efficiently
China Creates a Laser of Mind-Boggling Power -- '' Could Rip Space Asunder , Breaking the Vacuum ''
`` Stop Saying That Dinosaurs Went Extinct . They Did n't ''
BISMARCK , N.D. ( AP ) — North Dakota regulators offered Monday to settle state allegations that the Texas-based developer of the Dakota Access oil pipeline improperly reported the discovery of American Indian artifacts during construction .
The state Public Service Commission last November proposed a fine of at least $ 15,000 against Energy Transfer Partners , though the commission has the authority under state law to levy fines of up to $ 200,000 .
The three-member commission unanimously agreed to offer a settlement under which ETP would make a $ 15,000 “ contribution ” to the State Historic Preservation Office or another mutually agreed-upon entity . The company would not have to admit fault , and the matter would be dismissed upon payment of the money .
ETP did n't immediately comment on the proposal . The company has 10 days to accept the offer . If it rejects it , the PSC will move forward with the complaint . The next step would be a public hearing .
The complaint arose when the PSC was notified by a third-party inspector that pipeline crews last October had diverted construction of the pipeline around Native American artifacts . The company had obtained the approval of the State Historic Preservation Office but not of the commission , which oversees pipelines . The artifacts were n't disturbed .
ETP has maintained it did nothing intentionally wrong and has been fighting the proposed fine , which pales in comparison to the $ 3.8 billion cost of the pipeline that last month began moving oil from North Dakota to a distribution point in Illinois .
Commissioners said they decided to make the offer to try to put an end to the dispute . The group in recent weeks has been meeting with its attorneys in meetings closed to the public , but Commissioner Julie Fedorchak said the attorneys did not indicate to regulators that the state would have a tough time proving its case .
“ It was n't a matter of whether the case is strong or weak , ” she said . “ It was really an effort to recognize that it 's taking a long time to get to , actually , the heart of the matter , and we 're not interested in being tangled up in procedural delays indefinitely , and that seemed to be what was happening from the company 's standpoint . ”
The commission also is looking into whether ETP removed too many trees and improperly handled some removed soil while laying pipe in the state . A public hearing is scheduled Thursday , after which the PSC is to determine whether to proceed with a formal complaint and a possible fine , as it did in the artifacts case .
ETP on Monday asked the PSC to delay the hearing to give company and state attorneys more time to discuss a resolution . The PSC did not immediately decide .
___
Follow Blake Nicholson on Twitter at : http : //twitter.com/NicholsonBlake
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
LANETT , Ala. — On February 3 , Gina Phillips Herrington was at work , but received a call that forever changed her life . Her nephew called her saying that her mother , Gina 's sister Peggy was dead .
She thought it was a joke at first , but it hit her , and then she immediately began to scream .
The night before , Gina and Peggy had another one of their frequent conversations over the phone while Peggy was on her way to work at Pensacola Baptist Hospital where she was a respiratory therapist . That conversation ended like each conversation ended with the words “ I love you . ”
“ If I had known that Thursday was going to be the last time I would ever talk to my sister , I would have never hung up with her , ” Herrington said . “ Because we talked all the way until she got into the hospital like we always did . ”
The next day , February 3 , Peggy was murdered . Law enforcement told the family that 44-year-old William Boyette and 37-year-old Mary Rice followed Broz to her driveway . When she got out of her car , Boyette shot her and the two stole Broz ' 2003 Chrysler Concorde . Broz did not know Boyette or Rice .
“ My sister lost her life for a 2003 Chrysler Concorde , ” Herrington said . “ It was n't worth it . She would have give them that . She would have given them everything she had . She would have probably said let me go inside and make you a sandwich and give you that too just to save her life , but he did n't give her that chance . ”
Herrington said that Peggy had wonderful heart , and always went out of her way to help those in need . She was an avid Alabama fan , a graduate of Lanett High School and attended Southern Union Community College . She also added that many people called her an angel during her 30 plus years as a respiratory therapist .
Herrington also knows that Heaven gained another angel when Peggy passed away .
“ I know she 's in Heaven because I told myself this , and I told my family this : when he pulled that trigger , she may not have realized it until the last minute when she turned around , but I know that Jesus was standing there holding her hand when she left this world , ” Herrington said . “ There 's no doubt in my mind . ”
Broz leaves behind two children : Zachary and Hannah as well as one grandchild with one on the way .
For Herrington , she misses her weekly conversations with Peggy , but knows that someday they will not need a phone to talk with each other .
“ I want my sister to know when I do see her again in Heaven that that monster is burning in hell and that I am so thankful that our family is back together again because we will be , Herrington said . “ We will be together. ” ‘
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:32 Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America 's Team ?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
1:12 Man 's best friend also becomes man 's best colleague
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:01 Fuel City opening in Haltom City
Mercedes-AMG Petronas Formula One Team driver Valtteri Bottas says that although the car felt much better today , than during the last round in Malaysia , he is still struggling to find grip on the super-soft tyre compound .
The Finn was happy with the feel of the W08 during the Free Practice 1 session on Friday , but believes there is still more performance and pace to find across the remainder of the Japanese Grand Prix race weekend .
“ In practice one , the car did feel better than it did in Malaysia , but we still need to work on things to make the car quicker . As a starting point for the weekend , it definitely feels better than a week ago . ”
In particular , the super-soft tyre compound is causing the Finn some issues , and so he will be working hard with his engineers to try to understand why that is .
Unfortunately , the limited running in Free Practice 2 , due to rain , means the Mercedes driver will have to wait until the final practice session of the weekend to be able to fully evaluate any set-up changes .
“ My run with the soft tyres was good , but with the super-soft , I did n't really gain any grip . So the main thing for me is to understand the super-soft performance .
“ We did n't really run in FP2 , so it 's a shame for the fans out there who were waiting to see us running . ”
One plus point for Bottas was that his performance was much better over the long runs , so that is a positive for the Finn to take away ahead of tomorrow 's running .
“ The long runs actually were n't too bad , and hopefully we 'll see better weather tomorrow . ”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Neymar is planning to throw a huge party to celebrate turning 26 .
The Brazilian 's birthday is on Monday but he will host 50 guests on Sunday evening , the day after Paris Saint-Germain 's clash with Lille .
According to AS , Neymar will fly 50 guests over from Brazil for the party - and will also pay for their accomodation .
( Image : REUTERS )
As well as his family , there will be TV personalities , poker players and stars of Brazil 's edition of reality show Big Brother .
The party will take place in a Parisian restaurant with men required to wear a tuxedo while the ladies have been asked to wear long dresses .
Neymar 's former Barcelona teammates wo n't be present as they take on Espanyol on Sunday .
The forward joined PSG in a stunning £200million deal last summer .
( Image : AFP )
But that has not stopped rumours that he will look to move on again this year , with Real Madrid touted as his most likely destination .
The player insisted last week however that he is happy in the French capital .
`` I 'm happy here , '' he told L'Equipe . “ I came here to create history , give my best and score a lot of goals . ''
Utah ski resorts attracted a record-setting number of skiers and boarders this past winter , surpassing the mark set just a year earlier .
The state 's 14 resorts had 4,584,658 million skier days in the 2016-17 season , a 2.9 percent increase over the previous winter ( 4,457,575 ) .
The season total also represents an 8.4 percent bump over Utah 's five-year average of 4,231,276 , Ski Utah President Nathan Rafferty said Wednesday during the ski industry marketing organization 's winter wrapup .
`` The continued growth shows Utah 's winter sports industry is thriving , '' he added . `` While there is still room to grow , we could not have asked for better results this year . ''
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Fernandinho 's latest red card should have the world talking about the Manchester City man 's remarkable disciplinary record this season .
After he was given his marching orders for a reckless lunge on Burnley 's Johann Berg Gudmundsson , the Brazilian midfielder has now been sent off three times in his last six City games . By anyone 's standards , a player seeing red once every two games is pretty astonishing . At his current rate , Fernandinho is in danger of missing more games through suspension than he actually plays .
However , thanks to the nature of his latest sending off , the good people of the internet have identified a far more important issue regarding Fernandinho 's dismissal against the Clarets .
( Photo : Getty Images Europe )
( Photo : AMA/Getty )
The fact that he was punished for a two-footed , 'out of control ' two-footed tackle…
…and Marcos Rojo was n't .
For those of you with short memories , Manchester United defender Rojo got away with two different two-footers in December . First , there was this bone-cruncher on Everton 's Idrissa Gueye :
( Photo : PA Wire )
Then , just ten days later , he gave us this ankle-weakener , on Crystal Palace 's Wilfried Zaha :
( Photo : Action Images via Reuters )
Remarkably , much to the disgust of many football fans , Rojo got away with BOTH challenges .
Which is precisely why Fernandinho 's latest red card - for United 's local rivals - has provoked this very specific online response :
And our personal favourite…
The Oyster Bay Town Board is scheduled to vote Tuesday on a modified proposal to create an inspector general to oversee contracting .
The amended proposal for a new law to create both the position and the department for it reduces the powers of the office from what was originally proposed in October .
The new proposal narrows the inspector general 's ability to review department records and eliminates subpoena power to compel witnesses to participate in investigations . Another change in the proposal gives the power to appoint a deputy inspector general to the town board rather than to the inspector general , as the original version proposed .
Town officials did not respond to a request for comment .
At the board 's Nov. 28 meeting , Town Supervisor Joseph Saladino said the town attorney 's office and the human resources department were working to review “ technical changes ” to the proposal “ so that we develop the position in the right way , and quite frankly , the best way to get the job done . ”
The creation of the position was first proposed by Democrats , who made an unsuccessful challenge to unseat Republican Saladino and the all-Republican town board in the November election .
“ This is a watered-down version of what an inspector general should be , ” said Robert Freier , who had been a Democratic candidate for town board . Freier said the changes to the proposal would give the board control over the department and make it a “ nonindependent department . ”
Get the Newsday Now newsletter ! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
The inspector general “ should certainly have subpoena power and if the person should get a deputy that should purely be their decision , not subject to board vote , ” Freier said .
Three words inserted to a section about the inspector general 's power to review records could have a major impact on the effectiveness of the office , said Paul Sabatino , a Huntington Station attorney and former chief deputy Suffolk County executive . The amended version adds language that the inspector general may review town department records , “ subject to privilege . ”
“ It basically guts the idea of having an inspector general , which is to be able to look at all the documents , ” Sabatino said . The meaning of “ privilege ” could be interpreted in different ways , creating a potential loophole that “ could eviscerate the entire statute , ” Sabataino said .
The Hempstead Town Board on Tuesday is to hold hearings on two competing proposals to create an inspector general office in that town .
Sharelle Klaus says she 's always been a foodie .
So she was gutted when she had to pass up an opportunity to dine at The French Laundry , the famous Napa Valley restaurant with three Michelin stars . She was pregnant at the time — and not drinking .
`` What would be the point ? , '' she says she remembers thinking .
She did n't want to travel all the way from Seattle — and be stuck drinking water while her dining companions enjoyed an array of Napa wines , carefully chosen to complement and complete each dish .
She came across this issue — lack of beverage options — pretty often through her four pregnancies . When she met friends for drinks or dinner , her only choices were water or some kind of sickly sweet soda .
`` I felt like there were no sophisticated options out there , '' she says .
That was in the early 2000s . In 2005 , she launched DRY Sparkling — a soda brand with flavors like lavender , juniper berry and rhubarb . Her creations are now served at some of the country 's top restaurants — including The French Laundry .
Twelve years on , Klaus says the demand for sophisticated non-alcoholic beverages is higher than ever .
`` We got into this early , '' she says . `` But now it 's becoming less niche . ''
Indeed , this summer , media from The New York Times and the LA Times to Bon Appétit were all touting non-alcoholic cocktails . Food 52 even has tips on how to build a non-alcoholic bar cart . Meanwhile , big-deal bartenders and foodie startups are tapping teetotalers with gourmet takes on sodas and mocktails ( or their chicer counterparts `` soft cocktails '' ) .
`` It 's a small but definitely growing segment of the market , '' says Duane Stanford , editor of the trade publication Beverage Digest . `` It 's definitely a trend . ''
Stanford says the growing demand for sophisticated , non-alcoholic beverages comes on the heels of a push that began a few years ago in Europe .
`` The market is further along in Europe but it 's definitely been coming across the pond , '' he adds . `` Basically , there 's a growing number of consumers who are paying attention to sugar . Europe has just been further along when it comes to paying attention to sugar , paying attention to ingredients . ''
Industry tracker IWSR reported in June that Americans consumed less alcohol in 2016 than in 2015 . And in the UK , the proportion of Brits who drink is now at its lowest since 2005 , at around 57 percent , according to government data .
Industry experts say there 's not much data yet on the burgeoning industry of high-end non-alcoholic beverages . But , Klaus says , `` consumers seem to be looking for something that 's better for them . '' And they 're willing to pay for it .
`` I 've certainly noticed around the last 14 months that bartenders and restaurants are now wanting to put more effort into their non-alcoholic beverage programs , '' says Ben Branson , founder of Seedlip , London-based startup that claims to make `` the world 's first non-alcoholic spirits . ''
Like , DRY 's Klaus , Branson — a non-drinker — grew tired of drinking ginger ale or coke every time he went out to a nice bar or restaurant .
`` One day I was looking at this book about distillation that was written in 1651 , and it piqued my curiosity , '' Branson says . He wondered if any of the non-alcoholic tinctures and extracts in there might make for good cocktail ingredients . `` So I bought a little copper still off the Internet and I started playing around , '' he says .
After months of trying to distill literally anything he could find ( `` I even tried distilling an old book at one point — to try to get that kind of musky smell , '' he says ) and a bit of help from professional botanists and distillers — he ended up with two blends . Garden 108 is made from peas , hay , spearmint , rosemary and thyme and Spice 94 from allspice , cardamom , oak , lemon and grapefruit . In the U.S. , they 're sold at Dean and DeLuca and other specialty food shops — in 25 oz . glass bottles that retail for about $ 40 each .
`` Really , I think consumers are looking for elevated , grown-up drinks that just happen to have no alcohol in them , '' Branson says .
He might be onto something . Multinational beverage company Diageo , which owns Cîroc vodka , Johnnie Walker whisky and Tanqueray gin , seems to think so , at least : It recently bought a minority share in Seedlip .
But for Branson , the real sign of success was the interest he got from top bartenders . Bottles of Seedlip now regularly feature behind the bar at high-end restaurants around the world — including the Eleven Madison Park in New York City , Atelier Crenn in San Francisco and the bar in The Savoy in London .
`` And it 's really important to me that Seedlip sits in the back bar , '' Branson says . `` So if we go to an establishment and we 're not drinking — we 're still going to feel like we 're getting the same sort of attention as a drinking customer . ''
In fact , if you did n't know better — based on Seedlip 's packaging , you 'd assume it 's a high-end craft gin . Branson encourages customers to drink it with tonic , or have a bartender incorporate it into alcohol-free cocktails .
For Paul Benjamin — founder of the rare tea company Benjamin and Blum — creating something special and luxurious for non-drinkers meant focusing on presentation as well as flavor . Benjamin and Blum 's cold-brewed tea is sold in gilded glass bottles .
`` I wanted to create a little bit of curiosity about what it is — I want people to wonder : 'Is it perfume ? Is it cognac ? ' `` he says .
What it is , Benjamin says , is a Western take on the East-Asian tradition of pairing tea with nice meals . In a previous career as an international lawyer , Benjamin spent a lot of time in China , and travelled extensively in East Asia .
`` And everywhere you go there , you get tea with a meal , '' he says .
In the UK , though , where Benjamin grew up and now lives , it 's always wine with a meal , and beers after work and cocktails on a night out .
`` I 'm someone who loves wine and spirits , '' he says . `` And yet there are times when I 'm not drinking . ''
So he wondered if he could adapt tea to fit into Western drinking culture .
`` Tea goes extremely well with food , '' he says . `` And it works well as a palette cleanser at the end of a meal . ''
But Benjamin 's cold-brewed , rare teas are designed to be served like a white wine or a digestif — slightly chilled , in a coupe glass .
So far , he 's selling Benjamin and Blum teas in Hong Kong and in the UK — but he 's already lined up distributors in the Middle East and is looking to expand to the U.S. next .
`` Where there has been a really clear demand is from the bar and restaurant trade , '' Benjamin says . `` From their perspective , a non-drinker in a restaurant is spending a lot less . Plus they 're looking for ways to really make the non-drinkers feel as welcome as the drinkers . ''
The latter is something bartender Ryan Chetiyawardana says he has always been passionate about . The 2015 `` International Bartender of the Year '' carries Seedlip at Dandelyan — one of his three bars in London . This summer , he also came out with a non-alcoholic bottled cocktail — in collaboration with British juice and iced tea company Firefly — that features wormwood , kola nuts and cascara ( a tea made from the dried skins of coffee berries ) .
`` All the menus we have created have always included a booze-less part , '' Chetiyawardana writes in an email . `` People I know who usually drink are still taking nights off from alcohol , but do n't want to sacrifice spending time with their friends , or having something complex , considered and delicious . ''
Besides , he says , doing away with the alcohol makes for a fun creative challenge : `` Often people who are n't drinking for whatever reason , or do n't drink , are subjected to sugary kids drinks — which are gratuitously delicious for one drink , but do n't hit the spot . We wanted to create something that felt special , suited to the occasion . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of passengers departing from Heathrow Airport had to fly without checked luggage due to a baggage system failure .
The airport advised travellers departing from Terminals 3 and 5 that they may have to fly without their bags and should pack essential items in their hand luggage .
It comes less than three weeks after chaotic scenes at the airport when British Airways grounded all flights following an IT power cut .
A number of passengers went on social media to express their anger at the latest disruption .
Zoe Morrison wrote on Twitter : `` @ britishairways let us down again @ HeathrowAirport- no baggage being loaded this morning and no information for passengers . ''
( Photo : Getty )
Another frustrated passenger , Ryan Wooldridge , said : `` Baggage failure at @ HeathrowAirport this morning .
`` Bags wo n't be making it onto flights , absolute shambles . ''
Rachel Jackson tweeted : `` Just found out that despite checking in 3 hours early bag not on flight disgusted what are you doing about it @ HeathrowAirport ? ''
Heathrow issued a statement at 6.45am on Thursday which said : `` Heathrow is currently experiencing an issue with its baggage systems which is affecting airlines operating from Terminal 3 and Terminal 5 . Other terminals are unaffected .
( Photo : Flynet )
`` This may mean passengers will travel without their bags , and we advise them to pack essential items in their hand luggage .
`` We are currently investigating the issue .
`` We are sorry for the disruption and are working hard to get the system running as soon as possible . ''
A BA spokesman said : `` We 're currently unable to accept bags and strongly encourage customers to pack essentials in their hand baggage .
`` Heathrow Airport is working hard to fix the faults .
`` We 're sorry for the disruption that customers are facing and more information is available on BA.com . ''
Later , the airport updated their statement to say that all bag drop desks had been reopened and were operating normally in Terminals 3 and 5 .
New Delhi : Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's book 'Exam Warriors ' , which he had penned to reach out to the students across the country ahead of their exams , will be launched on Saturday .
According to ANI , the book , which aims at helping the students beat exam stress , will be launched by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj in the presence of Prime Minister Modi .
'Exam Warriors ' has been published by noted publishers Penguin India and the book runs into 208 pages .
Non-preachy , practical and thought-provoking , Exam Warriors by @ narendramodi is a handy guide for students in India and across the world . # CoverReveal # TheCountdownBegins pic.twitter.com/UNCX0uKus2 — Penguin India ( @ PenguinIndia ) January 31 , 2018
Penguin India took to Twitter to share the teaser of the book cover and wrote alongside , `` Non-preachy , practical and thought-provoking , Exam Warriors by @ narendramodi is a handy guide for students in India and across the world . # CoverReveal # TheCountdownBegins '' .
PM Modi 's book aims to instill confidence in the youths and prepare them to face the difficult moments of examinations and life .
In the soon-to-be-launched book , Prime Minister Modi had shared anecdotes from his own life on how he coped with stress during exams .
The book offers 25 mantras to students on how to counter exam stress .
Exam Warriors : PM Modi 's book offers 25 mantras to counter exam stress https : //t.co/oC2IlIr2LL via NMApp pic.twitter.com/JVvYtGt23t — Kiren Rijiju ( @ KirenRijiju ) February 3 , 2018
Besides students , the book also gives a piece of advice to parents and teachers , and suggest some easy yoga 'asanas ' for a healthy and stress-free living .
In his popular monthly radio talk 'Mann Ki Baat ' , PM Modi had urged the students to celebrate examinations like festivals in order to beat stress .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Louis van Gaal has stuck the boot into Jose Mourinho and said he would rather watch Manchester City than his former club Manchester United .
Mourinho is still reeling from United 's 2-1 derby defeat to City and the tunnel bust-up involving him and Pep Guardiola 's side that has prompted an FA investigation .
Now Van Gaal , whom Mourinho succeeded at United , has weighed in , branding his old club “ far more boring ” now than under him , as well as lauding Pep 's City , who have an 11-point lead at the top of the Premier League .
“ I would rather watch City play than United , ” said Van Gaal .
“ You need quality in a squad and it 's clear City have a better squad .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : AFP )
`` If you ask me how did I do at United , I will say it was my best year ever , given the circumstances I was working under .
“ We played football that was quite alright . But it 's not football that is appreciated in England .
“ And yet , right now , looking at United , I have to conclude Mourinho is not being criticized while it 's far more boring football .
“ What United produce now is defensive football . I always played attacking football . The proof is that the opposition were always parking the bus .
“ They do n't do that now because Jose Mourinho plays so defensive . ''
( Image : AFP )
( Image : Michael Regan )
( Image : John Peters )
Van Gaal said he has no problem with Mourinho , his former assistant at Barcelona , for taking his job at United in the summer of 2016 .
But the Dutchman can not say the same for United executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward , who sacked him 24 hours after Van Gaal won the FA Cup .
“ He [ Mourinho ] is not an awful man , ” said Van Gaal . “ In fact , I think he is a sympathetic guy . He was my assistant at Barcelona .
“ I worked with him and what Mourinho did [ taking his job ] is what often happens in football . ''
“ I have more problems with the CEO , Ed Woodward . He never discussed anything with me - and you can talk about anything with me .
( Image : Getty )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ With all my experience , I know the unwritten laws of football . A club has to prepare for the future .
“ I can understand that and they should have approached me . Ed could talk to me but he did not . '
“ My wife had to find out when she was in the lift with Woodward 's family .
They said something like 'This is going to be awkward for Ed ' , ” said Van Gaal .
“ My wife had sussed them out ages ago . She warned me that something was going on . ''
© Sputnik/Mikhail Voskresenskiy
Potentially the most dangerous scenario would be a grand coalition of China , Russia , and perhaps Iran , an `` antihegemonic '' coalition united not by ideology but by complementary grievances . It would be reminiscent in scale and scope of the challenge once posed by the Sino-Soviet bloc , though this time China would likely be the leader and Russia the follower . Averting this contingency , however remote it may be , will require a display of U.S. geostrategic skill on the western , eastern , and southern perimeters of Eurasia simultaneously . ( p.55 )
Stalled Peace Process
© South Front
Armchair Geopolitics
For nearly 50 years , the Syrian people have suffered under the dictatorship of Hafez al-Assad and his son Bashar al-Assad . The nature of the Assad regime , like that of its sponsor Iran , is malignant . It has promoted state terror . It has empowered groups that kill American soldiers , such as al-Qaida . It has backed Hizballah and Hamas . And it has violently suppressed political opposition . Bashar al-Assad 's grand strategy , to the extent he has one beyond his own survival , includes hosting some of the most radical terrorist elements in the region and using them to destabilize his neighbors . Assad 's regime is corrupt , and his methods of governance and economic development have increasingly excluded certain ethnic and religious groups . His human rights record is notorious the world over . [ ... ]
The plan called for funding of a 'Free Syria Committee ' , and the arming of `` political factions with paramilitary or other actionist capabilities '' within Syria . The CIA and MI6 would instigate internal uprisings , for instance by the Druze in the south , help to free political prisoners held in the Mezze prison , and stir up the Muslim Brotherhood in Damascus .
The Trump administration is implementing a new strategy to achieve these end states . This process largely entails increased diplomatic action on the heels of our ongoing military successes . Our diplomatic efforts will be characterized by stabilization initiatives and a new emphasis on the political solution to the Syrian conflict .
Sochi Peace Congress
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Gianfranco Zola 's miserable stint as Birmingham manager is over after he resigned following the Blues ' home loss to Burton Albion on Easter Monday .
Zola quit as boss with Birmingham just three points clear of the Championship relegation zone following a run of just two wins in 22 league games since he replaced Gary Rowett last December .
Burton 's 2-0 triumph came courtesy of goals from Lloyd Dyer and Lucas Akins and they are now one point ahead of Birmingham with just three games to play .
At the top of the table Brighton effectively sealed promotion to the Premier League and increased their lead at the top of the table to seven points with a 2-1 win over Wigan at a jubilant Amex Stadium .
Only a mathematical rubber stamp is now required to confirm their elevation to the top tier and the squad conducted an impromptu party on the pitch at full-time .
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : Getty Images Europe )
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for Chris Hughton 's side eight minutes before half-time , his 22nd goal of the campaign and fifth in as many games at the Amex Stadium .
England Under-21 international Solly March ensured the celebrations could continue in earnest when he converted Anthony Knockaert 's cutback and a late goal from substitute Nick Powell could not change the picture .
Newcastle , league leaders for so long , slipped to seven points behind the Seagulls as they took their winless run to three matches with a 3-1 reverse at Ipswich .
Freddie Sears put the hosts ahead just before half-time , but when former Tractor Boy Daryl Murphy levelled in the second half the Magpies had a chance to switch their fortunes .
Instead they conceded twice more , David McGoldrick and Emyr Huws the scorers .
( Photo : Rex Features )
Leeds ' hopes of returning to the top flight after 13 years away were dealt a major blow as they were beaten at home by 16th-placed Wolves .
Nouha Dicko 's 38th-minute goal for the visitors ensured Leeds , who started the day in fifth place , ended it in seventh after wins for fellow play-off chasers Sheffield Wednesday and Fulham .
Reading also won to move up to third , temporarily at least , ahead of Huddersfield 's late game against Derby .
Reading went behind to relegated Rotherham , Tom Adeyemi on target , but hit back in the second half .
First Lewis Grabban then John Swift beat Richard O'Donnell to seal the points with a 2-1 win .
( Photo : Getty Images Europe )
( Photo : Get Reading )
Wednesday won by the same margin at QPR , Adam Reach and and Daniel Pudil notching either side of Idrissa Sylla 's equaliser .
Fulham enjoyed a straightforward outing at home to Aston Villa , who slumped 3-1 after playing 68 minutes with 10 men .
Ryan Sessegnon gave the Cottagers the lead after hitting the crossbar and , although Jack Grealish restored parity following Jonathan Kodija 's red card , the result never seemed in doubt .
Sone Aluko and Neeskens Kebano settled matters as the numerical disadvantage came to bear in the second period .
( Photo : Action Plus via Getty Images )
( Photo : Rex Features )
All of that spelled bad news for Garry Monk 's Leeds , who now face a fight to get finish in the top six and secure a play-off spot .
Elsewhere Blackburn salvaged a draw from Bristol City 's trip to Ewood Park , Sam Gallagher cancelling out Tammy Abraham 's effort , but they remain third bottom and deep in trouble .
Norwich defeated Preston 3-1 at Deepdale , but neither side can now hope to crack the play-offs .
Graham Dorrans and Josh Murphy gave the Canaries a first-half cushion before Tommy Spurr and James Maddison traded strikes .
Aron Gunnarsson gave Cardiff a 1-0 win over struggling Nottingham Forest and Brentford drew 1-1 at Barnsley as Florian Jozefzoon and Marley Watkins scored .
Championship results , April 17 , 2017
Kilgrave ( David Tennant ) met a pretty definitive end in the Season 1 finale of Marvel 's Jessica Jones when he got his neck snapped by the titular super-strong private eye , ending his reign of terror over her psyche .
So why is he returning for Season 2 ? Entertainment Weekly revealed that Kilgrave is maybe not quite as killed or in a grave as we thought Monday with a photo of Tennant and Krysten Ritter together on the set of the Marvel series , which is set to return early next year . Marvel is keeping mum on what he 's doing in Season 2 .
It 's actually probably nothing so crazy as `` Kilgrave returns ! '' Our guess is that he 'll appear in flashbacks . Flashbacks were integral to how the story was told in Season 1 as Jessica pieced together the traumatic events that had happened to her over the course of her life . The fallout from Kilgrave as well as her difficult childhood is ongoing , so it 's probably to be expected that flashbacks will be part of the show again in Season 2 .
David Tennant and Krysten Ritter , Marvel 's Jessica Jones
Or maybe the memory of Kilgrave will be sort of like a ghost that haunts her . He was so deep in her head for so long that maybe her brain will still think it hears him . Her negative thinking will talk to her in his voice .
We 'll find out for sure when Marvel 's Jessica Jones returns next year . Before that , though , Jessica Jones can be seen on Marvel 's The Defenders , which premieres Friday , Aug. 18 on Netflix .
POLICE continue to be amazed and kept busy by the amount of drunk and and drugged drivers that have been arrested .
The following people were detected by local police between December 31 and January 2 .
44 year old Queensland man - driving naked - for Mid Range PCA
34 year old Ballina man for High Range PCA and trespass .
59 year old Cumbalum woman for mid range PCA
29 year old Lennox Head man doing a burnout
25 year old Ballina woman on her `` P 's '' for Mid Range PCA
25 year old Ballina woman for Low Range PCA
70 year old Alstonville man for driving an unregistered vehicle
36 year old Queensland man for low range PCA
35 year old Junction Hill man for Mid Range PCA and illegal use of a conveyance
44 year old Queensland man for Low Range PCA
24 year old Lismore man for Driving Disqualified
18 year old Ballina woman for Special Range PCA
26 year old Casino man for Special Range PCA
24 year old Lismore woman for Mid Range PCA
21 year old Casino man for Mid Range PCA
20 year old Moree man for DUI drug ( cannabis and ice ) , Disqualified driver and steal motor vehicle
62 year old Goonellabah woman taken to hospital for a blood alcohol sample after crashing her car
36 year old Kyogle woman for Mid Range PCA
49 year old Kyogle woman for Low Range PCA
43 year old Kyogle man for Mid Range PCA
34 year old Queensland man positive drug test for cannabis
36 year old Willoughby man for driving disqualified and speeding .
24 year old Lennox Head man for high Range PCA
17 year old woman for Special Range PCA
21 year old Coffs Harbour man for Mid Range PCA
45 year old Meershaum Vale man positive drug test for ice
34 year old man from Bentley positive drug test for ice
Police will continue to be alcohol and drug testing at all times of the day and night , on main roads and backstreets .
They are pleading with the public to please not drive your car if you are under the influence .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A carer 's Facebook post detailing her working day is going viral after she explained how she arrived home both physically and emotionally drained after a nine hour stint battling through snow and frost - all for £35 .
Samantha Garbutt explained how she had left her home in the West Midlands - one of the worst affected regions of the UK by the weather in the last 48 hours - three times during Sunday to help those in need .
Despite struggling to deal with the treacherous conditions on both the road and pavements - losing control of her car three times , soaking through three pairs of shoes and falling over and hurting herself on the ice - she made it to six extra calls on top of her shift .
Having `` walked to endless amounts of calls streets away '' , Samantha said : `` I have been out the house for nine hours in total !
`` I have dispensed eight lots of medication , made 11 cups of teas , heated five meals , body-washed three people and settled six people to bed . ''
The public Facebook post - accompanied by a selfie in the snow - has earned a staggering 9,200 likes and almost 4,000 shares by Tuesday morning , with many people stunned to hear that Samantha only earned a total of £35 for her day 's work .
( Image : The Image Bank )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Samantha , who is originally from Smethwick but lives in Oldbury , Sandwell , said : `` It 's right what they say caring is n't for the money you 've got ta have the heart .
`` When will the government and companies who employ carers realise we 're worth more than minimum wage ? ''
She later clarified to those querying the low pay for nine hours work , she explained how carers only get paid for the time they work with someone and not for the travel in between visits .
Samantha posted : `` For those querying the wages , it only works out to minimum wage if you can get two completed calls done in a hour . You get paid per half hour a lot . No travel allowance in between . ''
( Image : Getty Images )
The Facebook post struck a chord with many people .
User Becki Crockett-Dawson posted : `` Unfortunately that 's how domiciliary care work . I work in the industry and it 's very hard !
`` However the pay structure we do n't really get a say it 's the goverment . I 'm not even on min wage and I 'm a care coordinator !
`` And I also go out and do calls when i can ( on way home etc ) the careers are well under paid ! ''
Another user , Angie Deakin , posted : `` You do a great job chick .. and yes all carers need to be noticed for what they do .. you are appreciated x ''
And Lucy-Anne Popplewell posted : `` Good on you girl your doing an amazing job you should be so proud of yourself for putting the needs of others first and making sure they are well cared for xxxxxx ''
Samantha later edited the post , originally made on Sunday evening , to thank people for their comments .
She said : `` The next time you see a carer stuck in this weather or walking to a call please help and/or tell them what a fantastic job they 're doing .
`` Getting in I was emotionally and physically drained and all your lovely comments have really uplifted my spirits . ''
Stephen Colbert has returned from Easter break , and he kicked off Monday 's Late Show with a brief recap of President Trump 's first White House Easter Egg Roll earlier in the day . He cringed at the moment when first lady Melania Trump had to nudge the president during the national anthem . `` He forgot to put his hand over his heart , '' Colbert said . `` It happens to everybody . I mean , when I saw that footage I almost forgot to put my hand over my face . '' And yet , he added , that was `` not the most embarrassing thing to happen at the Easter Egg Roll . That honor goes to the official White House Snapchat account , that sent out this snap featuring a bunch of kids gathered around the 'Secretary of Educauon [ sic ] Betsy DeVos . ' Yes , it 's like Betsy DeVos always says : There 's no ' i ' in education , the way I spell it . ''
But Colbert 's vacation left a lot of news on the table , and he started with Trump 's decision to bomb Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's air base — and his retelling of that fateful decision , paired with a chocolate cake , Chinese President Xi Jinping , and mixing up the country he bombed . `` Hey , South Korea , before the war starts , just to be on the safe side , you might want to break out the spray paint , '' Colbert said , showing an image of the Korean Peninsula with `` The Good Korea ( Do Not Bomb ) '' scrawled in yellow paint across the lower half .
Wrestler set on fire as stunt goes wrong
This is why Manchester United want Griezmann
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Chelsea has a wealth of free-kick takers in their ranks .
From Willian to David Luiz , they are a team who can make set pieces count - something that is so important in the modern game .
And it seems another Brazilian at the club is keen not to be left out of this exclusive group , as the above video proves .
In the impressive clip , Diego Costa stands over a dead ball just outside the area during a training session at Cobham .
( Photo : instagram )
( Photo : instagram )
He takes a gentle run up before putting his foot through the ball and hitting the back of the net in spectacular fashion .
The set piece is struck with so much power there is simply nothing the keeper can do to stop it .
But it is in fact the placement of the strike , which takes the keeper completely by surprise , that makes it impossible to stop .
( Photo : Reuters )
It finds its target - the very top corner of the goal - and rolls down the back of the net .
And all there is left to do for Costa , who has notched 15 Premier League goals this season , is raised both his arms in celebration .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Armed police are responding to reports of a gunman in Chislehurst .
Officers were called to the south east London district shortly before 5.30pm this afternoon following `` reports of a man believed to be seen with a suspected firearm '' .
Armed response units from the Metropolitan Police rushed to the scene and have cordoned off Perry Street at the junction with Foxbury Avenue .
Residents living in the surrounding area have reportedly been told to stay in their homes as police comb the area .
`` Avoid the area , '' was tweeted by the official Bromley MPS account at 6.18pm this evening .
Maddie Radford , who said she lives in Perry Street , said `` at least 20 police vehicles '' are in attendance .
( Image : @ Kent999s/Twitter )
One helicopter has been dispatched as `` searches continue '' , the Met Police said .
There are queues in Chislehurst and at Frognal Corner according to the Transport for London ( TfL ) Traffic News Twitter account .
A Met Police spokesman told Mirror Online : `` Police were called at approximately 17.20pm on Wednesday , 30 May to Perry Street at the junction with Foxbury Avenue following reports of a man believed to be seen with a suspected firearm .
`` Officers , including firearms officers , are in attendance .
`` There are no reported injuries .
`` Temporary road closures are currently in place whilst enquiries and searches continue . ''
We 'll be bringing you the very latest updates , pictures and video on this breaking news story .
For the latest news and breaking news visit Mirror.co.uk/news .
Get all the big headlines , pictures , analysis , opinion and video on the stories that matter to you .
Follow us on Twitter @ DailyMirror - the official Daily Mirror & Mirror Online Twitter account - real news in real time .
We 're also on Facebook /dailymirror - your must-see news , features , videos and pictures throughout the day from the Daily Mirror , Sunday Mirror and Mirror Online .
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aldi has been named the cheapest supermarket in the UK , with more and more people turning to the German retailer to do their weekly shop .
A study by The Grocer magazine found a basket of essential items was more than 15 per cent cheaper than Asda - its nearest-price rival .
The supermarket was also named the Meat & Fish Retailer of the Year for the first time at the SuperMeat & Fish Awards 2017 .
It also scooped eight trophies for its upcoming Christmas range , with Aldi 's Specially Selected Exquisite Rumburgh Farm Whole Turkey winning an accolade over more expensive rivals .
It all sounds like a good reason to investigate what exactly Aldi has to offer - and what you need to know when shopping there .
Here are a few tips and tricks to make the most out of your next visit to one of the many Aldi stores , the Leicester Mercury reports .
1 . The Specialbuys section is a whole new world
There are all sorts of goods in the Specialbuys section of an Aldi supermarket . Every Sunday and Thursday , Aldi offers `` an exciting new mix of top-quality , great-value products '' - they 're limited in stock so once they 're gone , they 're gone .
( Image : David Bentley/Birmingham Mail )
Kids seem to love annoying their parents by hiding behind the large wire-basket displays , where you can find shoes , guitars , kitchen equipment , nests of tables and lots more . But be sure to look above for the prices , not below . And if you are really budget-conscious and want to keep your supermarket shopping bills down , stick to a list and avoid this area altogether .
( Image : David Bentley/Birmingham Mail )
2 . It 's not all stacked aisles - the sandwiches are decent too
If you want to try somewhere new for your lunchtime dash , then Aldi 's sandwiches are worth checking out . They are a great price - and tasted pretty good to us .
Classic sandwiches such as tuna and sweetcorn , ham and cheese , and prawn mayonaise were £1.39 , limited edition sandwiches including coronation chicken , beef and horseradish , and New York deli were £1.99 .
( Image : David Bentley/Birmingham Mail )
3 . Look out for the chocolates - they 're familiar brands , with unfamiliar names
Move over Snickers , welcome to Racer . And instead of Mars , you 'll discover Titan .
The bars are made by Dairyfine - and they look pretty much the same and taste pretty much the same as the original versions .
4 . There are some unusual offers just inside the entrance
The first time we went , there was a big stack of vintage-style record players just inside the entrance door , then we visited again and saw boxes of garden tools .
And there 's always a pile of the Aldi Amazing Specialbuys magazines so you can grab one and browse at home - you 'll find items such as a waffle maker ( £19.99 ) , Canon printer ( £22.99 ) , bluetooth headphones ( £16.99 ) and men 's and women 's hoodies ( £7.99 ) .
( Image : David Bentley/Birmingham Mail )
5 . Watch out for the pricing displays
In some parts of an Aldi store , the prices for items are NOT displayed directly underneath , on the same shelf . Instead they are on the shelf above - and for top shelf items the prices are on a bar high over your head .
Look at the picture here where the bread appears to be 35p - but that 's actually the pricing for the Everyday Essentials bread on the shelf below . The bread next to that yellow price tag is actually 79p . If items get shoved around on the shelves , it adds to the problem even more .
We got caught out by this when quickly picking up some broccoli that was next to a price display stating 39p but found out at the till it was the organic broccoli costing £1.03 . And you get little time for making any changes at the till , as you will find out below .
( Image : David Bentley/Birmingham Mail )
6 . They sell goods in an even cheaper basics range
If you just want cheap and standard food items and are n't bothered about brands or top quality , then the Everyday Essentials range is for you . Among this range , there 's a jar of jam for 28p and a jar of marmalade for 27p .
Or you can pay a bit more for branded items - that pushes the price of marmalade up to 49p for a jar made by Grandessa , which is still a bargain .
( Image : David Bentley/Birmingham Mail )
7 . Look out for some very trendy superfoods
Flaxseed , linseed , pumpkin seeds , sesame and chia are the latest superfoods . They 're full of essential nutrients and can be mixed into porridge , yoghurt or smoothies . New to Aldi is a Linseed Mix for £1.79 , as well as superfood powders from the Funktional Foods range .
You can even get peanut butter with pumpkin , sunflower and sesame seeds ( we tried it and loved it , it 's priced £1.19 ) .
( Image : David Bentley/Birmingham Mail )
8 . But it 's not all basics - they do posh stuff too
If you think Aldi is all about basics , you 'd be wrong . They do some fancy foods too , in a range called Specially Selected .
For instance , there 's a pack of four Rhubarb , Apple and Cinnamon Fruit Pies for 99p , four Rosemary and Seasalt Focaccia for 99p and a Superseeded Loaf for 79p .
( Image : David Bentley/Birmingham Mail )
9 . Gluten free ? No worries , Aldi 's got you covered
Free-from foods are now on offer too , following a growing demand from consumers .
Brits wanting to avoid dairy or gluten have forked out an extra £230 million on free-from food and drink in the past year - a rise of more than 40 per cent - according to The Grocer . And you can find these products on the shelves at Aldi . There 's gluten-free pasta , bread , muffins , cookies , crackers , soup , porridge and more .
10 . The choice of fresh fruit and veg is pretty impressive
( Image : David Bentley/Birmingham Mail )
Budget shops might have an image of being little more than aisles of packets and cans but they do have fresh produce too .
For instance , an Aldi cucumber was 44p , a huge sweet potato 57p , Iceberg lettuce 44p , a pack of courgettes 85p and a pack of onions 47p . Every time we 've visited it was being restocked while we were there , adding to the impression of freshness .
You should also keep your eyes peeled for the special Super 6 deals . These are weekly deals where six items of fruit and veg will be discounted even further , so make sure you take advantage of these if you really want to blag a bargain .
( Image : David Bentley/Birmingham Mail )
11 . There 's also dairy-free drinks
You can also go dairy-free at Aldi without forking out high prices for cartons of milk alternatives . It offers soya or almond priced at just 59p , about a third of the price of some cartons of dairy-free drinks .
12 . And of course - be ready for the checkout
Aldi 's checkout staff are legendary . They scan your shopping at lightning speed , and it really does need to be seen to be believed .
Items are rapidly flicked and flung across the checkout area before you can remove already-scanned goods - so it 's like a supermarket pinball machine or skittles game gone haywire , giving even the fastest of fingers little time for getting things in bags .
Firstly , be sure to calculate how many bags you need as they are stored on shelves below the conveyor and you need to grab them before your own checkout begins . Otherwise you 'll have to go back along the queue and start reaching between other waiting customers to get to the carrier bags .
But most importantly , do n't even bother to pack your shopping at the checkout .
If buying more than just a few items , use a trolley , just put everything straight in when it 's scanned , then go to the shelf near the exit and do your packing at a pace to suit you .
Congress might actually do something about gun control , Stephen Colbert marveled on Thursday 's Late Show , pointing to the surprising openness to regulating or banning bump stocks , a suddenly popular modification for semiautomatic weapons , used by the Las Vegas shooter , that allows people to shoot up to 100 rounds in seven seconds . `` It 's great for hunting — if you 've got seven seconds to kill every animal in the forest , '' Colbert said . The devices were approved for sale by the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms , and Explosives in 2010 , on a technicality . `` Yes , it 's not a gun , it 's just part of a gun , '' he said . `` Like when your parents find your bong and you tell them , 'Hey , there 's no weed in there now , so technically , that is a vase . ' ''
So , with the NRA tentatively open to regulating bump stocks , prospects are not totally grim , even though other gun advocacy groups seem more hesitant , arguing that they are already out there for bad guys to use . `` Same reason crystal meth should be legal — it 's already on the market and passing a law is n't going to stop me from fighting you with a sharpened toothbrush , '' Colbert said . `` Spiders ! ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The ‘ Woken Universe ' is about to hit a whole new level .
Matt Hardy and Bray Wyatt are going to war on the Hardy Compound , and the fans are in for a treat .
When Hardy debuted the ‘ Broken ' gimmick during his 2016 TNA run , people had no idea how popular it would become , with the segments and matches one of the hottest things in the wrestling world .
Feuding with his brother Jeff , they had an epic showdown called the Final Deletion , which propelled the popularity of the act into the next stratosphere .
Involving everything from drones , a gardener and a magical lake , it was wrestling at its most absurd and brilliant .
And now we are getting it in the WWE . Here are five things we want to see in the Ultimate Deletion :
( Image : © WWE )
1 . SENÕR BENJAMIN AND HIS SHOVEL
One of the unlikely stars from the original TNA run , Senõr Benjamin is the loyal gardener on the Hardy Compound .
Often seen preparing the battleground for “ massacre ” he has come to the aid of Matt Hardy on a number of occasions , using a shovel and a taser . He has already been featured in the vignettes with his trademark shovel being inscribed with ‘ Delete ! '
He has a friendship with the Vanguard 1 , the drone played a part in the rescue of Senõr Benjamin after he was kidnapped by the tag team , Decay .
Away from the ‘ Woken/Broken ' universe he is the father-in-law of Matt Hardy .
2 . KING MAXEL AND LORD WOLFGANG
The next generation of Hardy 's , Maxel and Wolfgang will have a part to play in the Ultimate Deletion .
Maxel , 3 , already has a professional wrestling win under his belt , when he defeated Rockstar Spud ( WWE 's 205 Live GM , Drake Maverick ) on Delete or Decay , a TNA special along the same lines as the Ultimate Deletion .
His younger brother Wolfgang is not even a year old , but was shown in the vignettes , with Matt Hardy keen to make sure his whole ‘ clan ' are present for the Ultimate Deletion .
Seeing ‘ King ' Maxel dressed as a miniature version of his dad , complete with blond streak in his hair , was a highlight of the ‘ Broken ' Universe - now he 's old enough to speak he could take a more starring role .
( Image : © WWE )
3 . THE RETURN OF BROTHER NERO
You can not mention Matt Hardy without thinking of his brother Jeff .
He was the protagonist in the original Final Deletion , but after losing began the transition to Brother Nero , following in the same vein as ‘ Broken ' Matt .
Jeff has been sidelined since September 2017 , with a shoulder injury keeping him out . However , he also got himself into more trouble with the law this year , arrested for driving under the influence in North Carolina .
Brother Nero very much played second fiddle to his older brother in TNA , but with the wrestler being a bigger household name , a comeback is not out the question during the Ultimate Deletion .
( Image : © WWE )
4 . VANGUARD 1
It is a sign of the times , and wrestling , that a drone became more over than Roman Reigns , but that is what happened with Vanguard 1 .
One of the biggest components of the ‘ Broken ' universe , fans loved Vanguard 1 as it helped Matt Hardy in his numerous battles . Alerting him to dangers , launching fireworks at Abyss , and helping in the rescue of Senõr Benjamin .
Matt has referred to him as one of his most loyal soldiers in the “ Great War ” sending it to provoke Jeff and in the Final Deletion and was ecstatic when it was the only drone that returned safely .
He was infamously double super kicked by the Young Bucks in a surprise Ring of Honor appearance .
( Image : © WWE )
5 . THE LAKE OF REINCARNATION
The Lake of Reincarnation lies within the Hardy Compound and is where Matt Hardy spends time finding his zen .
It also possesses properties that allow people to be healed and restored . Jeff Hardy re-emerged as Willow the Wisp during the Final Deletion , and as a ‘ Immortal ' Jeff Hardy ( a heel persona from 2010 ) following Delete or Decay .
There is the possibility that Bray Wyatt is submerged in the lake and comes out as Husky Harris , the gimmick he used when originally called up to the main roster as part of the new nexus .
The lake offers a ton of exciting throwbacks for the whole roster if it is kept around , anyone for Doctor of Thuganomics , John Cena ?
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Sometimes when it comes to trying to carve out a career as a reality star it takes more than one attempt .
Just ask Scarlett Moffatt - who scrambled to create a career by first appearing on an MTV show , then advancing to Gogglebox , and then securing fame via I 'm A Celebrity .
But now her ex-boyfriend Richard Cull is having a second roll of the dice having previously appeared on the same MTV show and is now putting his current relationship to the test in Five 's Make Or Break .
But who exactly is Richard Cull ? Here is everything you need to know about the budding reality star…
( Image : Ray Burmiston/Channel 5 )
Who is Richard Cull and where is he from ?
Richard Cull is a British reality star and contestant on Five 's Make Or Break .
He was born on 21 May 1993 and hails from Cardiff in Wales .
What TV shows has Richard Cull been on before and why is he famous ?
Richard was one of the stars of MTV 's short lived reality series Beauty School Cop Outs which followed a number of youngsters as they tried to become beauticians in Manchester .
The show famously also starred I 'm A Celeb 's Scarlett Moffatt , Celebrity Big Brother 's Jeremy McConnell and Ex on the Beach star Savannah Kemplay and was filmed similarly to Geordie Shore .
Despite the first series ending with the suggestion of a second , the show was promptly axed after just eight episodes .
Aside from the MTV show , some might recognise Richard as a stripper from his days as a member of The Dreamboys .
( Image : MTV )
When did Richard Cull date Scarlett Moffatt ?
Richard and Scarlett were both stars on MTV 's Beauty School Cop Outs which aired in 2013 .
The series saw Scarlett and Richard eventually grow close - but the romance only lasted eight months .
In November 2016 , Richard revealed that his love life with Scarlett ended after she cheated on him .
And the former Gogglebox star is now said to be terrified that more secrets from her past will be aired on the Five show by her tattooed ex .
( Image : Publicity Picture )
Why did Richard Cull decide to appear on Five 's Make Or Break and who was his girlfriend when he first appeared on the show ?
Richard entered Make Or Break with 26-year-old girlfriend Sophii who he met when they worked together in Cardiff .
Richard says he was shocked by the format of Make Or Break as the contestants originally signed up thinking their relationships would be simply ‘ tested ' - and had no idea they would be broken apart and told to date the other contestants .
`` Since me and Sophii met we 've never spent a night apart from each other so to be told you 're going to be spending the night away from her and she is going to be with somebody else 's boyfriend , that is just another level of head messing , ” he said before appearing on the show .
Shares in Compumedics have soared after the company said it plans to form a joint venture with a China-based health check organisation that will purchase one million of its sleep monitoring devices .
The proposed joint venture with Meinian Onehealth Healthcare Holdings , known as Health 100 , will commercialise Compumedics ' Somfit device , a wearable system for monitoring sleep .
The medical device company will be paid $ 11.3 million as part of the joint venture deal , mostly for intellectual property and technology rights for Somfit .
The two companies will work together over the next 90 days to finalise the proposed joint venture , and Health 100 has committed to purchasing one million Somfit devices for the China market over two years , once the product receives regulatory approval .
Health 100 offers professional medical examinations across a range of healthcare areas and has 400 medical and physical examination centres in provinces and cities throughout China .
Compumedics chairman and chief executive David Burton said the company had been in discussions with Health 100 for some time , and the signing of the framework agreement was the first formal step to commercialising the Somfit technology .
The product allows consumers to access personalised management of sleep measures based on sleep analytics .
“ Getting to this point has taken Compumedics 30 years of product and technology innovation and development , and together with Health 100 , we will make history transforming health and leading the way of the future for primary , secondary and tertiary community-wide healthcare , ” Dr Burton said .
Shares in Compumedics soared 76 per cent to hit a one-year high of 72¢ on Thursday , and at 10.10am were up 22.5¢ , or 55 per cent , at 63.5¢ .
AAP
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships Pause
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook 's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview : 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold his house , here 's what it looks like
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
1:16 Will Muschamp 2017 signing class breakdown
2:03 Connor Shaw back running , throwing , preparing for 2017 NFL season
Having spent most of my life as a professional wrestler for the WWE , I learned a thing or two about marketing . There are uncanny parallels between being a professional wrestler and a small-business owner that have helped me take my success from in the ring into my small local bakery business Cannoli World . Professional wrestlers who fail to give the crowds what they want do n't last long on the circuit . And , small-business owners who fail to give their customers what they 're looking for , do n't last long in business .
Related : Why Storytelling Will Continue to Be the Go-To Marketing Strategy in 2018
Whereas small businesses can rarely undersell their competitors , they can offer things to their customers that big businesses simply can not . Here are four ways small businesses can leverage themselves against the competition that have worked for me and can work for you too .
1 . Tell a compelling brand story .
Small businesses attract customers when they have a compelling brand story that resonates with their customer base .
I grew up in the bakery business , which was n't as glamorous as it sounds . While other kids in my neighborhood were out playing , I would spend most of my time outside of school helping my father in the bakery . In fact , by the time I would go to school in the morning , I had been up for hours baking . My compelling brand story is a very personal story of how my father taught me to bake , and how I put his legacy into every traditional old-world cannoli my bakery sells .
What is your brand story ? The more personal , the better .
Related : 3 Companies Using Speed as a Competitive Advantage
2 . Put the customer first .
Too often we as entrepreneurs create a product that we fall in love with , and then wonder why we have no customers . I always do the opposite . When my wrestling fans or bakery customers ask for something , I turn myself inside out to make it happen . After all , my role as a business person is to serve them . If I continue to give my customers what they ask for , they will keep coming back for more .
This includes going to where my customers are congregating . When my customers ca n't come to me , I send a food truck to them . This translates online as well . If my customers are not coming to my website , then I proliferate my content to the places where they are hanging out .
Putting the customer first means always looking outward , giving the customers what they want and bringing your product or service to your customer , rather than waiting for your customer to come to you . For me , I 'm always putting the customer first , whether it 's stoking the cheering crowd in the ring , signing autographs , polling my customers as to the next best cannoli flavor or bringing cannolis to their door .
Related : People Thought Google and Adobe Would Crush My Startup . Actually , They Gave Us Our Biggest Breaks .
3 . Get personal .
While appealing to a large crowd of roaring fans may require great showmanship , showmanship only goes so far . What really matters are the individual relationships I develop with each fan and customer . These relationships drive my business , both inside the ring and inside the bakery . I take time to get to know my customers , and just as important , I allow them to get to know me . My customers know as much about growing up in my father 's bakery , and about my daughter 's gymnastics achievements , as they know about my own wrestling credentials .
Running a small business , I can get personal and develop these relationships that big businesses never can . By getting personal with my customers , I gain their trust , showing them that there is much more to a cannoli than flour and sugar . It 's these relationships , first and foremost , that bring customers to my bakery Cannoli World and it 's the quality of my product that keeps them coming back , again and again .
Related : 4 Ways Small Businesses Can Compete Against the Major Competitors
4 . Be the best with what you have .
At 5 ' 9 '' , I have never been a match for my larger and bulkier opponents . As such , I was compelled to get resourceful , developing a persona and style that fit with my demeanor .
As a small-business owner , you too need to find that unique value proposition that only you can offer . Figure out what makes you stand out , and then do that to the best of your ability . Though I may not own the biggest cannoli franchise in the world , I make sure that my cannolis are the best , crafting them from scratch using fresh , authentic ingredients , in a way that my mass-producing competitors could never replicate .
What makes your small business stand out ? How are you different than your larger competitors ? When you find a way to leverage those differences into your best assets , get personal with your customers and always seek to serve your customer 's interests above your own , you will tap into a continuous stream of new and repeat customers that will grow your business organically and dramatically . Top that off with a compelling brand story , and you have a winning formula for success you can use again and again .
Related Video : How to Come Out on Top in a Competitive Market
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
MINERSVILLE — The Minersville Police Department is looking for some part-time officers .
The borough council took the step of increasing the pay of part-time officers to hopefully gain more interest . The salary for part-time police officers will now start at $ 19 an hour and $ 20 an hour for night shift and holidays . Recent police academy graduates or those not trained by the borough will start at $ 17 an hour . After six months , it will rise to the general rate .
Minersville Police Chief Michael Combs said he has five part-time officers but needs more . Those interested should call Combs at 570-544-6212 .
In other matters , the council discussed the ongoing problem at the compost site on Delaware Avenue . Non-residents are dropping off items at the facility , which is not permitted . Some council members talked about potentially locking the gate after a certain time .
“ I do n't think locking the gate is going to protect you from some abusers , ” council member Jamie Kuehn said .
He reasoned that would only inconvenience those from the borough who would not be able to drop off during the day . Council member Paul Vuksta said perhaps they should get a gate or cards for residents . Schuylkill Haven borough has a similar system in place that seems to work well , some said .
The council also approved a committee for the park that will be built at the site of the now-demolished American Legion building , 3 E. Sunbury St. Borough Manager Robert Mahalchick and council members Katielyn Milbrandt and Kuehn , and American Legion Post 544 commander Bob Laughlin will be on the committee . A meeting time has yet to be announced .
The council let go one of the street employees , Craig Chatco , due to a medical situation that prohibited the employee from performing his duties . Council members took the action with regret . They hired Martin Brophy as a permanent full-time street department employee effective immediately . His pay was not provided .
The council voted to spend $ 2,400 to recondition the street sweeper , which is in need of repair .
Vuksta was authorized to approve the low bidder for a paving project in the borough contingent on the references and other appropriate documentation . There were three bidders for the project , Franzosa Trucking , Hazleton , $ 46,383 , H & K Group Inc. , Skippack , $ 60,771 , and New Enterprise Stone & Lime Co. , Winfield , $ 57,550 .
Work such as paving will be done on the following : Pine Hill Street from East Street to Snyder Street , Schuylkill Street from North Street to Carbon Street , Pine Street from Third Street to Second Street , and Westwood Street from the borough line to 138 Westwood St. , Mahalchick said .
Mahalchick said he wants borough residents to know the situation with the road near the railroad tracks and the Minersville Train Station is not something they can fix . Officials have said parts of the road have deteriorated in the area near the tracks .
“ It 's a state highway , ” he said .
The railroad owns a certain amount of the space near the tracks , Mahalchick said .
Contact the writer : ; 570-628-6028
TORONTO — A third person is dead following a string of shootings in downtown Toronto over the past week .
A man , who was among four people injured in a shooting in the city 's Kensington Market neighbourhood Sunday night , was pronounced dead in hospital , police said Wednesday .
Two men associated with the local rap scene — 21-year-old Jahvante Smart , also known as Smoke Dawg , and 28-year-old Ernest Modekwe — were killed in a separate incident near Queen Street West and Spadina Avenue on Saturday evening .
Investigators have also asked for the public 's help in finding an unidentified man who fired nine shots during a dispute near King Street West and Portland Street early Tuesday morning , sending one man to hospital with a bullet wound to the hip . Officers say they have no description of the shooter , but they believe he is violent , armed and dangerous .
Overall , 11 people have been shot in Toronto since Friday morning when , police said , a driver near Shuter and George Streets took a shotgun out of her trunk and opened fire at a pedestrian , injuring the 21-year-old woman and a 69-year-old man on a bike .
There have been 22 gun deaths in Toronto so far this year , out of 51 total homicides — a figure inflated by the deadly van attack that killed 10 people in April .
By contrast , there were 27 total homicides at this point last year , and 16 fatal shootings by the end of June 2017 .
Police Chief Mark Saunders has said the vast majority of shootings this year have been gang-related .
Police in Toronto and surrounding jurisdictions laid more than 1,000 charges against 75 alleged members and associates of the Five Points Generalz street gang last month .
Officers said the Generalz , linked to several shootings in the Greater Toronto Area , were `` significantly disrupted '' by the sweep , but acknowledged that gang activity would persist .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The parents of terminally-ill toddler Alfie Evans have been embroiled in a legal battle over his treatment .
Several months after his birth in 2016 , Alfie was taken to hospital after suffering seizures and has not been able to leave his bed since .
He has an undiagnosed brain condition that doctors say is untreatable - but parents Tom and Kate disagree and want to take him to Italy for pioneering treatment .
Today High Court judge Mr Justice Hayden ruled this out , but urged British doctors to consider letting the boy go home .
Here 's how the events have unfolded since his birth ...
2016
May 9 : Alfie is born in Liverpool to parents Tom Evans and Kate James , now aged 21 and 20 respectively .
December : Alfie is taken to Alder Hey Children 's Hospital after suffering seizures . He will spend the next 12 months there .
To follow all the live updates on the legal battle over Alfie Evans , click here .
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
( Image : Facebook/alfiesarmy )
2017
December 11 : Hospital bosses say they are `` liaising directly '' with the family after disagreements over his treatment . Alfie 's parents said the hospital has applied to the High Court to remove parental rights and withdraw ventilation .
December 19 : A High Court judge , Mr Justice Hayden , begins overseeing the case at a public hearing in the Family Division of the High Court in London . The hospital says continuing life-support treatment would not be in Alfie 's best interests , but his parents disagree and say they want permission to fly him to Italy for treatment . The judge says he will make a decision on what is best for Alfie .
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : Facebook )
2018
February 1 : A hearing begins at the High Court in Liverpool in which lawyers acting for the hospital claim further treatment for Alfie is unkind and inhumane .
February 2 : One of Alfie 's doctors tells the judge there is `` no hope '' for the youngster , who is in a semi-vegetative state from a degenerative neurological condition doctors have not been able to definitively identify .
February 5 : Mr Evans tells the court Alfie `` looks me in the eye '' and wants his help .
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : Instagram )
February 20 : Mr Justice Hayden rules in favour of hospital bosses , saying he accepted medical evidence which showed further treatment was futile .
March 1 : Three Court of Appeal judges begin analysing the case after Alfie 's parents mount a challenge to the High Court ruling . The family ask for the appeal hearing to be adjourned for a few weeks so they can discuss the ruling with lawyers , but the judges refuse .
March 6 : Court of Appeal judges uphold the decision of Mr Justice Hayden .
March 8 : Alfie 's parents ask for the case to be considered by Supreme Court justices .
( Image : PA )
March 20 : Supreme Court justices decide the case is not worth arguing and refuse to give the couple permission to mount another appeal .
March 28 : Judges at the European Court of Human Rights reject a bid from Mr Evans and Ms James for them to examine issues relating to Alfie 's future , saying they found no appearance of any human rights violation .
April 11 : Mr Justice Hayden endorses an end-of-life care plan for Alfie drawn up by specialists .
April 12 : Protesters gather outside Alder Hey hospital as Alfie 's father insists he has the right to take him home .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
April 16 : Alfie 's parents argue he is being wrongly `` detained '' at Alder Hey and make a habeas corpus application . Judges at the Court of Appeal in London rule against them and again uphold the decisions of Mr Justice Hayden . The couple 's lawyer said they might make a further appeal to the Supreme Court .
Merseyside Police launch an investigation into `` instances of verbal abuse and acts of intimidation '' among protesters outside the hospital . Judges raise concerns about reports that ambulances and staff were unable to enter the hospital and that patients and their families had been frightened . Alfie 's parents apologise , saying they did not intend to `` harm or cause conflict or upset '' .
April 17 : Mr Evans and Ms James ask Supreme Court justices to consider their case for a second time , a spokeswoman confirms .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : Facebook )
April 18 : Mr Evans flies to Rome and meets with Pope Francis . He kissed the Pope 's hand and begged the leader of the Catholic church to save Alfie 's life .
April 20 : The Supreme Court rules against Alfie 's parents for a second time , refusing them permission to appeal the decision . The couple had been trying to persuade the court that Alfie was being unlawfully detained at Alder Hey hospital .
The parents make an application to the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg to take Alfie to Rome for treatment , instead of letting him come off life support .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
April 23 : The European Court of Human Rights refuse the application made by Alfie 's parents , saying : `` The European Court of Human Rights has today rejected the application submitted by the family of Alfie Evans as inadmissible . ''
A group of about 200 protesters tries to storm Alder Hey hospital , where Alfie has been receiving treatment . Police officers blocked the entrance as dozens of people charged at the doors .
Alfie Evans is granted Italian citizenship . In a bid to facilitate moving Alfie to Italy to receive treatment , the Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs said : `` Foreign minister Angelino Alfano and interior minister Marco Minniti have granted citizenship to little Alfie . The Italian government hopes that in this way , being an Italian citizen will enable the immediate transfer of the child to Italy . ''
( Image : Facebook )
On Monday evening , a High Court Judge dismisses new submissions made in private by the lawyers for Alfie 's parents via telephone .
On Monday night , life support is withdrawn by doctors at Alder Hey hospital , according to Mr Evans . He said in a Facebook post that his son had been breathing for himself since .
April 24 : Alfie was still breathing on his own this morning , according to his father . At 7am , Mr Evans said : `` It 's actually come to the point where his mum is asleep next to him . She can actually go to sleep next to him . She feels comfortable with him . ''
This afternoon Mr Justice Hayden appeared to ruled out the family 's wishes to take the 23-month-old to Italy for treatment but asked doctors if `` other options '' were possible including letting Alfie go home .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The average age of a Cambridge resident is 35.4 years old , making it one of the 'youngest ' cities in the UK , according to findings from the BBC .
Cambridge ranks fourth youngest in a poll of all the cities in the UK .
Our university city was narrowly pipped to the top spot by Slough , which claims an average age of 33.9 .
In second place is Oxford , with an average age of 34.4 . Luton comes in third , with its average Joe aged a sprightly 35.1 .
Our capital London also lays claim to being one of the UK 's youngest cities , with an average age of 36.5 .
What 's going on ?
Cambridge was among six cities which have seen a drop in the average age of urbanites .
Cambridge , Brighton , Coventry , Exeter , Oxford and Slough all saw a drop in the average age of their population - in part because of their expanding student populations .
The report highlighted that Slough and Luton have a high number of under-18s , due to these cities ' high birth rates , with 16.6 and 17.9 births for every 1,000 residents , with migrants having a significant impact on this .
Meanwhile out of all the cities Oxford has the highest number of people aged 18-24 , helped again by its university population .
At the other end of the spectrum Blackpool has the oldest population of all UK 's cities , with its age of 43.2 .
Download the Cambridge News app We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in . To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here . Find out more about the app here .
The BBC 's Andrew Carter and Paul Swinney report : `` A younger population can bring advantages such as attracting businesses , who will have a larger pool of working age residents to draw from .
`` However , cities need to provide opportunities for young people to start and build careers , as well as cultural amenities , schools and affordable housing .
`` Among those cities which have been getting younger , Oxford , Cambridge and Brighton have large shares of high-skilled , high-paying jobs , and all offer good access to quality schools .
`` But housing is an issue in these cities , which are among the least affordable places in the UK . ''
The UK 's cities ranked by age of population
Slough 33.9
Oxford 34.4
Luton 35.1
Cambridge 35.4
Coventry 36.2
London 36.5
Bradford 36.7
Cardiff 36.7
Blackburn 36.9
Leicester 36.9
Milton Keynes 37
Peterborough 37
Crawley 37.2
Northampton 37.5
Birmingham 37.6
Hull 37.6
Leeds 37.6
Southampton 37.6
Bristol 37.7
Exeter 37.7
Manchester 37.8
Reading 37.8
Derby 38
Belfast 38.1
Chatham 38.2
Liverpool 38.2
Nottingham 38.2
Brighton 38.5
Ipswich 38.6
Edinburgh 38.7
Gloucester 38.8
Aberdeen 38.9
Sheffield38.9
Swindon38.9
Telford 39
Huddersfield 39.1
Basildon39.3
Plymouth 39.4
Aldershot 39.5
Glasgow39.5
Burnley 39.6
Dundee 39.6
Stoke 39.6
York 39.6
Newcastle 39.8
Preston 39.9
Middlesbrough 40
Newport 40
Portsmouth 40.3
Warrington 40.4
Doncaster 40.5
Wigan 40.6
Norwich 40.7
Mansfield 40.8
Wakefield 40.8
Barnsley 40.9
Sunderland 41
Swansea 41
Birkenhead 42.1
Southend 42.2
Bournemouth 42.8
Worthing 43
Blackpool 43.2
Source : NOMIS , mid-year population estimates
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Citing a Comcast statement , the Wall Street Journal reported that the cable company is no longer in discussions to buy pieces of 21st Century Fox . That could open the door to a Disney bid .
Comcast declined to provide its statement to the Associated Press .
A person familiar with the situation , who was not permitted to discuss the matter publicly , confirmed the end of negotiations .
The Journal said Disney is currently talking with Fox and that a deal could be announced this week . Fox declined to comment .
Advertisement
Disney is planning to launch its own streaming services as a way of contending with changes in the entertainment industry and deep-pocketed tech companies that are building their own video divisions . Buying parts of Fox could give it more material to stream .
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street villain Pat Phelan will get his comeuppance when Eileen Grimshaw throws him off a cliff .
Nasty Pat has plagued the cobbles for years , but he appears to be exiting in a suitably dramatic fashion with a literal cliffhanger .
The murderous builder 's crimes will be exposed as the bodies of his victims , which will seemingly include some characters that are still currently alive , are discovered at the builder 's yeard .
Phelan and Eileen will be on a seaside break at a cottage when Liz reveals all to her friend , leading to a dramatic confrontation where Phelan attacks his wife .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
During a dramatic argument , Phelan will lunge at Eileen , but she will turn the tables and toss her husband into the crashing waves .
Phelan will be presumed dead after the shocking scenes , which are due to be filmed next week , and surely wo n't be able to survive .
A Corrie source told The Sun : `` The whole show has been building up to this point for some time .
`` Phelan 's murderous ways will finally be revealed while he and Eileen are on a mini-break .
`` But while they 're there the police find the bodies at his building site and Liz tells Eileen about everything .
`` When they start to clash while out walking Phelan tries to go for her and she sidesteps him and throws him into the sea . It will stun and delight viewers . He 's finally getting his comeuppance . ''
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
Phelan 's possible death will not end Eileen 's torment , as she 's forced to deal with the inevitable questions .
As the true extent of Phelan 's crimes are revealed , the finger is obviously pointed at Eileen as her friends struggle to believe she did n't know what was going on .
Corrie boss Kate Oates confirmed that Phelan 's ultimate 'downfall ' will come from his faithful wife as she discovers the true extent of his shocking crimes .
The builder has been causing chaos on the cobbles for what seems like an eternity and his dark storyline still has months to run .
However , it will definitely come to a conclusion in 2018 as Eileen realises exactly who she 's married .
( Image : ITV )
Speaking to the Radio Times , Kate said : `` 2018 is going to see the demise of Phelan . Connor [ McIntyre ] is so up for this challenge . He 's so excited about it and he 's playing it brilliantly .
`` What I like about Phelan 's downfall is that it 's very much to do with Eileen . It 's to do with her realising who she 's married . It 's to do with Nicola and that child .
`` You 've got the high drama balanced out with the emotional family domestic drama , which is when I think Corrie is at its best . ''
( Image : WireImage )
Mikey North , who plays Pat 's nemesis Gary , revealed on Wednesday that Pat 's storyline will continue for a few more months .
Despite a heavy backlash from some viewers , Pat will be loose on the cobbles for a while longer yet as his reign of terror continues .
Speaking about what 's to come on This Morning , Mikey said : `` I think Gary and Nicola have concocted a plan to infiltrate Phelan 's life . Gary 's got a job now working on the mill with Phelan .
`` Now I 'm going to find out what he 's hiding down there . that 's going to run for a couple of months . ''
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
Phillip Schofield was visibly shocked that the storyline is going on for that much longer and asked about the criticism from viewers .
Mikey responded : `` All I can say on the matter is the viewing figures are higher than they have been for the last couple of years . People might be switching off but they 're also switching on .
`` People are talking about it and that 's what Corrie wants . ''
Nicola revealed to Gary that she was harbouring terrified Seb Franklin and had devised a secret plan to finally bring Phelan down for good .
But Mikey admits he does not know how the storyline will end and is n't sure if it 's even been decided yet .
He said : `` I 'm not sure it 's set in stone how Phelan 's demise will happen . I know it 's the beginning of the end but there are still a few more months to run .
* Coronation Street continues tonight on ITV at 7.30pm and 8.30pm .
The Metropolitan police tweeted : `` We were dealing with a suspect package in # Islington . A controlled explosion was carried out , and the incident was stood down at 19.34hrs . '' Islington police tweeted the same message.A Twitter user , Mason Moore , said : The station remains closed and witnesses have reported a police cordon in place in roads around the area.Jonathan Cook , 45 , who was outside the station , said : `` As I neared the cordon , there was a bang . Sounded a bit like a shotgun , in terms of level . '' He added that police were `` calm but firm '' and that the public were `` calm and doing as they were instructed '' .Another witness , Lucas Crowley , 47 , said : `` Police cordoned off all surrounding roads to the tube from the top of White Lion Street down to the main junctions on Upper Street ( either side of station ) . Lots of police present and more black police vans screaming to the station.Maria Mikulina , 22 , was in the station during the incident . She said the exits were `` on lock-down '' and after getting off the tube she was turned around , back towards the underground , before an announcement said : `` There will be two empty trains available '' . After a three-minute wait , she said , a half-full train arrived , when a `` TfL worker shouted , 'Everyone in the train . ' '' A train conductor then announced : `` The police are outside and they will not let you leave the station . '' Mikulina added that there was a `` sense of confusion '' as people speculated about what was happening .
For the safety and protection of all students as they return to school , particularly those away from home for the first time , may they be strong in the faith .
Share This :
Prostate cancer is the second most prevailing cancer among men worldwide . In the most cases , prostate cancer is slowly progressing , whereas , in some cases , it is a rapidly progressing disease with a significantly high mortality rate . Thus , there is still demand for prostate-specific imaging in order to provide image-guided early diagnosis and for provision of patient-specific therapy . Besides discussing traditional diagnostic approaches , this review illustrates a perspective on prostate cancer imaging summarizing current imaging approaches with a special focus on prostate specific membrane antigen ( PSMA ) , bombesin ( BN ) and androgen receptor ( AR ) targeted imaging using positron emission tomography ( PET ) and single positron emission computed tomography ( SPECT ) based on 99mTc and other radiotracers . Here , the prostate biology is rethought for nuclear imaging as future modality for early , rapid and efficient diagnosis of prostate cancer . Future direction in prostate cancer imaging involves the development of androgen receptor based imaging using nonsteroidal antiandrogen agent for early diagnosis of prostate cancer .
# # #
For more information on this research study , please visit : http : //www . eurekaselect . com/ 154253
Reference : Murtaza G. et al ( 2017 ) . Past and Present of Imaging Modalities Used for Prostate Cancer Diagnosis : Androgen Receptor Targeted Imaging of Prostate Cancer as a Future Modality for Early , Rapid and Efficient Diagnosis , Current Medical Imaging Reviews , DOI : 10.2174/1573405613666170718093336
Five years later after being first incarcerated , Shanghai 's Bishop Ma is still under house arrest . Ordinations are happening without him .
Four priests were ordained in Shanghai Diocese last week .
This is the first ordination since Bishop Aloysius Jin Luxian died in 2013 — but most priests in the diocese avoided attending the ceremony . Read more
News category : News Shorts , World .
© Aaron Josefczyk / Reuters
Uber is pausing its autonomous car tests after a woman died in Arizona . The pedestrian was hit by a self-driving Uber vehicle.The woman died after being hit by the self-driving car operated by the company in Tempe , Arizona , the New York Times reports Tempe police said.The woman was taken to hospital but later died from her injuries , NBC 26 reports . The incident occurred near Mill Avenue and Curry Road early Monday morning , according to ABC15 the company told Bloomberg in an email on Monday . `` Our hearts go out to the victim 's family , '' Uber said in a tweet . `` We 're fully cooperating with @ TempePolice and local authorities as they investigate this incident . ''
For runners , there 's nothing like pursuing a challenging and elusive Boston Marathon qualifying time . Running fast enough to earn an entrance into the most prestigious 26.2-mile race of all time is a goal many will never achieve .
So nothing is quite as offensive as finding out that others could have cheated to earn their spot in the famed race . Derek Murphy , 46-year-old a business analyst and suburban dad in Ohio , is working to keep runners around the country — and world — honest .
Depending on their age group , runners need to get a BQ — short for Boston qualifier — at a previous marathon . Those who run faster than the limit for their age earn entrance into Boston and can then register for the marathon ( there are a small amount of charity bibs available , for which no qualifying time is required ) . Murphy and his network of race sleuths on blog Marathon Investigation identified 15 people who had gained entrance into Boston this year that had no place there , he said .
Eight of those runners cut the course in their qualifying race and seven who did n't run the previous race themselves but used a “ bib mule , ” or someone else who carried their bib and ran fast enough to qualify them . Murphy finds the cheaters by identifying people whose race splits are impossibly fast , have run the qualifying race much faster than any of their previous times , or missed crossing any of the electronic data checkpoints . ( Along the race course , runners cross finish-line like pads to mark their splits at particular course milestones , like a 5k and the 13.1 halfway point . ) These and other irregularities help Murphy scrutinize the results of runners who may not belong in Boston .
He posted a warning last week that if there were others who had cheated to earn their spot , they likely would n't be able to hide it from him .
“ My advice to those that are planning to run Boston next week that did n't earn the honor – Do n't do it , ” Murphy wrote on his blog . “ You did n't earn the right to wear that bib . There is a very good chance that you will be identified .. if you have n't been already . ”
Murphy , who started the blog in 2015 , said he has run 10 marathons .
“ I 've never been close to qualifying for Boston , but I can appreciate how much hard work goes into that , ” Murphy told the Boston Globe . “ So , people taking shortcuts rubs me the wrong way . ”
He also discourages runners from selling their bib , which is an illegal practice in many road races . Race directors prohibit allowing someone else to run as you because for safety reasons they need to know exactly who is on the course , and ensure that they have accurate emergency contact information for all participants in case something happens . If someone is running the race but is using the registration of someone else , race personnel ca n't accurately identify everyone .
Although he 's not officially affiliated with Boston , Murphy 's work helps the Boston Athletic Association , which puts on the marathon , identify cheaters it would n't otherwise have the time to find and disqualify .
“ We 'll have some people every year who 'll behave in a way that they should n't , ” Boston Athletic Association executive director Tom Grilk told the Boston Globe . “ But from what we can tell , the number of people who misbehave is very , very small . There 's an honesty rate that the Internal Revenue Service would love to see . ”
Marcia Love
Whitecourt Star
The wildfire risk is low in the Whitecourt area , but Alberta Wildfire is still asking residents to take precautions when burning this winter .
If you ignite a fire and it causes a wildfire , you are responsible for it , the province warned .
A fire permit is not required for burning within the Forest Protection Area of Alberta from Oct. 31 - Feb. 28 . But those planning a burn should contact the Whitecourt Forest Area at 780-778-7272 to notify authorities of the start and end dates of the burn .
Fires can smoulder in the winter , particularly if they are in organic soils with a lot of fine fuel for them to burn in , Alberta Wildfire reported . Even though temperatures are low and the material is covered in snow , it can burn all winter and into the spring . When it is exposed to higher temperatures and wind in the spring , it can create the potential for it to flare-up and surface as a wildfire , quickly growing and spreading in dead , dry grass .
Temperature , relative humidity , wind and precipitation all have an impact on how dry forest fuels are at any time of the year . In a patch of snow-free grass in -30 C , the grass provides a dry fuel that is susceptible to a wildfire that could be driven by high winds . Despite the lower temperature , a lack of precipitation and generally drier winter air can cause the grass to ignite , Alberta Wildfire said .
To prevent a wildfire this winter , residents are asked to prepare their site , report it , control it and check it .
Choose a location on high ground where the pile to be burned can be at least 25 metres away from trees and structures . Surround the pile with a fireguard at least 15 metres wide — preferably bare , mineral soil .
Check the weather forecast for wind speed and the possibility of temperature inversions . Low winds and temperatures will help to minimize the build-up of smoke during the burn , reducing the amount drifting to neighbouring properties .
Contact the Whitecourt Forest Area to report the start and end dates of your burn , as well as a description of materials to be burned and the legal land description .
Ensure the site is monitored the entire time and have adequate tools , water and equipment on site when burning . If the fire gets out of control , immediately call the Whitecourt Forest Area at 780-778-7272 .
After the burn is complete , spread out the remaining material within the pile , then soak the area and ensure both heat and smoke are no longer being produced by the pile . It should be cool to the touch .
Check the burn site multiple times in the following weeks to ensure it has not reignited .
For more information on winter burns , visit wildfire.alberta.ca
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man has been stabbed to death in west London as the city 's spate of knife killing continues .
The victim , believed to be in his 40s , was found with multiple knife wounds at around 10.20pm on Cathcart Road , Kensington last night .
Police and the London Ambulance Service attended but sadly the man died at the scene at around 11pm .
A murder investigation has been launched but no arrests have been made .
A statement from Met Police said : “ A man , believed to be aged in his 40 's , was found with multiple stab wounds .
`` Despite the best efforts of the medical teams , he died at the scene shortly after 23:00hrs .
`` His next of kin have been informed , although formal identification awaits .
`` A post-mortem will take place in due course .
`` Detectives from the Homicide and Major Crime Command are investigating . A crime scene remains in place .
`` No arrests have been made at this early stage , and enquiries continue . ''
Anyone who witnessed this incident or has information should call 101 or the incident room on 0208 358 0200 .
To remain anonymous call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 .
PARAMUS , N.J. -- A 16-year-old Northern Highlands High School sophomore who tried to kill himself was hospitalized in critical condition after jumping from the top level of a five-story parking deck Tuesday morning at the Garden State Plaza in Paramus , authorities said .
Police found him on the roadway next to the garage , Police Chief Kenneth Ehrenberg said .
`` He had no pulse , '' the chief said .
Officer Keith Bland , Sgt . Michael Pollaro and Lt. Christine Udis immediately began CPR and used their Automatic External Defibrillator to treat the boy .
The officers were later assisted by paramedics and EMS as CPR continued for approximately 20 minutes , Ehrenberg said .
`` The officers were able to regain a pulse and resuscitate the victim , who was critically injured from the fall , '' he said . `` The victim was transported to Hackensack Medical Center where he is currently being treated and remains in critical condition .
`` The victim 's family was located and were transported to the medical center , '' the chief said , adding that police found two witnesses .
Police were looking for the boy after he did n't turn up for school . A Be on the Lookout was issued for his vehicle .
Anyone with additional information is asked to call the Paramus Police Department at ( 201 ) 262-3400 .
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .
City of Perth staff may have to wear pins displaying the Aboriginal flag in support of reconciliation .
City of Perth staff may have to wear pins displaying the Aboriginal flag in support of reconciliation . Picture : Getty Images
City of Perth staff may soon be required to wear pins featuring the Aboriginal flag to express support for reconciliation .
As part of a wider push to better recognise Aboriginal culture , the city 's administration has proposed buying pins with the flag “ to be worn by all customer-facing staff as a statement of commitment towards reconciliation ” .
If approved by Perth council , the pins could be introduced by August .
The proposal forms part of the city 's draft reconciliation action plan . It also recommended making the Aboriginal flag a permanent fixture in council chambers and including a Nyoongar greeting on its pre-recorded telephone welcome , so callers would be met with the message “ Kaya wanju , welcome to the City of Perth ” .
Other proposals would change the name of the city 's meeting rooms to align with Nyoongar language , commission Aboriginal public artworks and start “ discussion events and activities ” over the Australia Day long weekend from January 2019 .
The Whadjuk Nyoongar people have been recognised as the traditional owners of the land within the capital city 's boundaries .
The move comes at a time when the role of councils in tackling social justice issues , such as the push to change the date of Australia Day , is under debate .
Some councils argue it is important to take a stand on social issues . Others believe ratepayers want them to focus on delivering essential services .
Reconciliation plans are used by councils , businesses and schools as a way to demonstrate support for the national reconciliation movement and improve relationships with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders . They are drawn up in conjunction with the national body , Reconciliation Australia .
WA councils that have reconciliation action plans include the cities of Melville , Belmont and Rockingham .
The recommendations contained in Perth 's plan came from community consultation , including with the Aboriginal community . The cost of implementing the plan over 12 months was estimated at $ 600,000 .
The draft plan will go to next week 's finance and administration committee meeting before going to full council .
If approved , it would go to Reconciliation Australia to be endorsed and launched in April .
Separately , the city is working on a policy that could see council meetings start with an acknowledgement of country , which a number of councils already do .
It is also considering cultural awareness training for all staff , in part to help staff deal with the high number of Aboriginal homeless people in the city .
The city declined to comment on the report before it was considered by council .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Tory council has become the first in 20 years to ban all new expenditure after completely running out of money .
Northamptonshire County Council says there is a `` significant risk '' it will not be able to produce a balanced budget this year , as required by law .
No new expenditure will be permitted from now on , except for services the council is legally required to provide .
One plan to balance the books is selling the council 's new £53million headquarters in Angel Square , Northampton , and then leasing the building back , the BBC reported .
Other proposals being considered include up to a dozen office closures across the county .
The council 's finance boss has written a section 114 notice - a legal document that means there is , or is likely to be , an unbalanced budget .
It is believed to be the first time in 20 years such an order has been issued .
Labour , the official opposition on the council , called for resignations , saying that the organisation was in “ unchartered territory ” and is now in “ both financial and political chaos ” .
( Image : LeaderNCC/Twitter )
( Image : Google )
At the end of December the council was reporting an overspend of £8.7m on a gross revenue budget of £738m .
It announced in December that it was looking to increase council tax by almost 5 % as it sought to make savings of £34.3m .
Secretary of State for Local Government , Sajid Javid , announced last month a government inspector would be assessing the council 's financial state .
The council 's opposition finance spokesman , Councillor Mick Scrimshaw , said in a statement on Facebook : “ An emergency meeting of the full council will follow , but this could now end up with the government having to step in and take over the running of the council .
“ We are now in uncharted territory and the council is now in both financial and political chaos ! Resignations must surely follow . ”
The council said in a statement : `` ​Northamptonshire County Council 's director of finance has today issued a section 114 notice imposing immediate spending controls on the organisation .
( Image : AFP )
`` It means no new expenditure is permitted , with the exception of statutory services for safeguarding vulnerable people .
`` The notice has been served in light of the severe financial challenge facing the authority and the significant risk that it will not be in a position to deliver a balanced budget by the end of the year .
`` Councillors have 21 days to discuss the implications of the section 114 notice and this is due to be addressed at the full council meeting on February 22 .
`` The notice does not affect staff pay and the council will continue to meet its statutory functions . ''
Rob Whiteman , chief executive of Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy , called the move “ highly unusual ” and said it was the first section 114 notice for over 20 years .
He told the BBC : “ Whilst Northamptonshire has had a difficult context within which to balance its budget in relation to government cuts , other councils in a similar situation have successfully managed their budgets , ” he said .
Tory council leader Heather Smith insisted the authority had always been “ open and transparent ” .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Almost every Brit can say they have enjoyed a cheap burger and pint or a greasy English breakfast at a Wetherspoon 's pub .
The chain , which has almost 1,000 locations across the nation , offers a cheerful environment to enjoy a frugal night out with your mates .
But you might not be able to Snapchat your drinking session - at least if your mobile runs out of battery .
The company recently launched a new policy that bans employees from allowing customers to charge their phones behind the bar .
Managers have reportedly had enough of cheeky customers taking advantage of their hospitality , The Mirror reported .
A J D Wetherspoon spokesman told Metro.co.uk : `` The bar itself is busy and we do not want people 's phones there .
`` We also do not want the hassle of phones keep being handed over the bar for charging .
`` If people wish to charge their phone in the pub , then that would be up to the discretion of the manager . ''
So if you are off to a 'Spoons this week , you might want to make sure your phone is full of juice .
Otherwise you 'll find yourself having to sweet talk the manager .
Cambridge 's largest pub is looking to make a big change
One pub landlord , who did not want to be named , told Metro.co.uk that he says no to every customer .
He said : `` People were asking to charge their phones all day and all it takes is for our staff to drop the phone and then we are going to get sued .
`` We have had people say our charger has broken their phone and they cause a load of trouble . ''
The social media obsessed can invest in a rechargeable power pack to ensure everyone can witness their night out . Or you can always live in the moment and put that dying phone away . Remember , everyone knows what a Wetherspoon 's pub looks like .
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app . It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An airport refused a family access to an exclusive lounge they had paid for because they were wearing Minnie Mouse T-shirts .
Emma Raikes was travelling to Disney World in Florida with her two-year-old niece , her mum and other members of their family on Monday morning and had paid extra to enter the lounge before their flight .
But when she tried to get into the Aspire Lounge at Manchester Airport on Monday morning , staff turned her family away .
They have used it on previous trips - and Emma 's mum Jane Walshaw had forked out almost £700 for the privilege ahead of their ‘ family moon ' , the Manchester Evening News reports .
( Image : MEN WS )
( Image : MEN WS )
Emma said they were turned away from the lounge because of their Minnie Mouse tops - which had their names on - and were only allowed in when they agreed to wear jumpers .
Swissport , which owns and operates the lounge , apologised and said staff could be ‘ re-educated ' on dress code rules .
Emma said : “ We were extremely disappointed at the hassle we faced when trying to enter the lounge we had booked .
( Image : MEN WS )
“ We are on a family moon to Disney and did not think a Minnie Mouse T-shirt with our name on would be seen as offensive . It was a disappointing start to our holiday .
“ I would n't mind but a Minnie Mouse T-shirt with our name on is not offensive in any way .
“ My niece was grumpy and crying as she was hungry .
“ It 's not like we were a stag or hen party . ”
She added : “ They eventually let us in , but only if we put jumpers on . We were boiling and the lady on the desk was n't even nice about it .
“ We have been in the escape lounge twice before which is lovely and never had any issues . ”
( Image : Getty )
A spokesman said : “ Our lounges do have a dress code in which we allow guests to wear a myriad of smart casual items and disallow other items such as tour shirts , sportswear and fancy dress .
“ On this specific occasion , the member of staff who dealt with the family was wrong to have asked them to cover their personalised t-shirts and has misinterpreted the dress code , which is designed to ensure a comfortable atmosphere for all guests within our network of lounges .
“ We sincerely apologise to the family for this genuine mistake and would encourage them to contact us directly to resolve this matter .
“ The entire team at Manchester Aspire Lounge will be re-educated on the dress code to ensure this does not happen again . ”
By The Associated Press
BUNKERVILLE , Nev. ( AP ) — Supporters of cattleman and anti-federal figure Cliven Bundy are protesting a presidential decision to give national monument protection to public land where Bundy grazes cows near his southern Nevada ranch .
The Spectrum of St. George , Utah , ( http : //bit.ly/2iVR3K7 ) reports that Bundy family members and friends staged a peaceful rally of about a few dozen people on Saturday near the Bundy home .
Family matriarch Carol Bundy is expressing fear that the government will ban grazing in the Gold Butte area — although the U.S . Interior Department says grazing will be allowed .
An armed standoff in April 2014 stopped a federal roundup of Bundy cattle and led to the arrest on federal charges of 19 people including five Bundy family members .
Trial is set to begin Feb. 6 in Las Vegas for the first six defendants in that case .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Brazil legend Ronaldo has named his fantasy starting XI and it 's arguably one of the best line ups ever created .
The two-time World Cup winner has played against and alongside an extraordinary wealth of talent during his career .
Ronaldo represented Barcelona , Inter Milan , Real Madrid and AC Milan , and was a prolific goalscorer at each and every club .
The Brazlian 's XI even eclipses Emre Can 's solid effort - which includes the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and Steven Gerrard .
But neither the Liverpool nor Real Madrid stars are deemed good enough to feature in Ronaldo 's XI .
( Image : esporteinterativo/Instagram )
Here 's who the 41-year-old plumped for ...
Gianluigi Buffon
( Image : Shaun Botterill/Getty Images )
Roberto Carlos
( Image : AFP )
Paolo Maldini
( Image : Michael Steele/Getty Images )
Fabio Cannavaro
( Image : Reuters/Daniele La Monaca )
Cafu
( Image : AFP )
Lionel Messi
( Image : Alex Caparros/Getty Images )
Andrea Pirlo
( Image : Claudio Villa )
Zinedine Zidane
( Image : AFP )
Diego Maradona
( Image : Allsport )
Ronaldo
( Image : AFP )
Pele
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Chelsea are preparing another bid for Everton midfielder Ross Barkley after failing to lure the England man to Stamford Bridge over the summer .
That is according to the Daily Mail , who say the Blues are set to renew their interest after Barkley snubbed a deadline day switch .
The 24-year-old will be free to speak to other clubs in January with just six months remaining on his Toffees contract .
Barkley is still a fortnight away from fitness having missed the whole of the campaign so far through injury .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Transfer news and gossip from Tuesday 's Daily Mirror
EXCLUSIVE : Arsenal are making one last push to keep Mesut Ozil .
Crystal Palace are confident of agreeing a deal for AC Milan keeper Diego Lopez .
France striker Olivier Giroud has revealed he is obsessed with playing in the World Cup next summer – and claimed he is open to a move away from Arsenal next month to keep his place .
Islam Slimani is ready to demand to leave Leicester in January after his latest snub .
Swansea are stepping up their interest in Barnsley right-back Andy Yiadom .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
Transfer news from other newspapers and websites
Real Madrid are willing to offer Lucas Vasquez in a player-plus-cash deal for Liverpool 's Mo Salah ( Don Balon )
Aston Villa want to sign Bournemouth striker Lewis Grabban ( Bournemouth Daily Echo )
Sam Allardyce will quiz Everton players on whether they want to stay at Goodison Park ( Guardian )
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A former kids ' TV favourite has said IT glitches at TSB have left his businesses in disarray .
Lee MacDonald , who played Zammo in Grange Hill back in the 1980s , told the BBC he has had an `` absolute nightmare '' .
Mr MacDonald , who now works as a key cutter and locksmith , told Anna Foster on BBC Radio 5 Live : `` I 'm having an absolute nightmare . I 've got two accounts , both business accounts , with TSB . ''
He continued : `` My business has literally stopped . I do n't know what money 's coming in , I do n't know what money 's going out .
`` It is unbelievable for a big company like that . I 'm in absolute turmoil at the moment . ''
( Image : BBC )
( Image : PA )
He continued : `` I 've been ringing the online helpline and it goes to an engaged tone , so I ca n't even speak to anybody at the other end of the phone ...
`` When you 're running a small business , every job counts and it 's just a nightmare . ''
The British bank , owned by Spain 's Banco Sabadell , took down its mobile app and online services yesterday in an attempt to fix technical problems which have locked customers out of their accounts .
( Image : PA )
( Image : PA )
The bank said about 402 customers were able to see data that they would not usually see online on Sunday - often of so-called `` connected accounts '' that family members typically use .
TSB chief executive Paul Pester said he had worked for 48 hours to fix the problem , but that the bank had to take down both the mobile app and online banking again on Tuesday .
In a statement he said : `` I 'm truly sorry . Customers can rest assured that no one will be left out of pocket as a result of these service issues . ''
Pester has written to each customer to apologise .
The global laser resurfacing market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 7.1 % during the forecast period . Laser resurfacing , also known as lasabrasion , laser peel , or laser vaporization is used for the treatment of various skin problems such as facial wrinkles and acne scars . A laser beam is used for the removal of skin layer by layer . It is of two types namely ablative and non-ablative . CO2 laser resurfacing and erbium laser resurfacing are most commonly used ablative laser resurfacing procedures . Non-ablative laser resurfacing includes infrared lasers , fractional laser , high impact light sources , and others . The procedure is most widely used in dermatology clinics for some skin problems , especially among women .
Rising skin problems such as acne , wrinkles , skin pigmentation , and growing demand for minimally invasive medical procedures are major factors contributing to the market growth . Furthermore , rising expenditure on the medical devices and instruments boost the market growth .
Get Exclusive Sample Copy @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5474
Top Players in Laser Resurfacing Market :
Some of the key players in this market are Alma Lasers , Altair Instruments , Lumenis Cynosure , Inc. , Lynton Lasers Ltd , Cutera , Syneron Medical Ltd. , Lutronic Corporation , Quanta Aesthetic Lasers USA , and Sciton , Inc .
Market Segmentation of Laser Resurfacing Market :
The global laser resurfacing market is segmented on the basis of type , products , indication , and end-user .
On the basis of the type , the market is segmented into ablative and non-ablative laser resurfacing .
The ablative laser resurfacing is further segmented into CO2 laser resurfacing , erbium laser resurfacing , and others .
The non-ablative laser resurfacing is further segmented into infrared lasers , fractional laser , high impact light sources , and others .
On the basis of the products , the market is segmented into laser skin resurfacing machine , CO2 skin laser scanner machine , laser tips , and others .
On the basis of the indication , the market is segmented into facial wrinkles , acne scars , skin pigmentation , aging , and others
On the basis of the end-user , the market is segmented into hospitals , dermatology clinics , home care , and others .
Regional Analysis of Laser Resurfacing Market :
The Americas secure a leading position in the market for laser resurfacing owing to the growth of dermatology sector in the developed countries such as the U.S. and rising prevalence of skin diseases . In North America , the U.S. is the largest market owing to the presence of key market players . According to the American Academy of Dermatology ( AAD ) , skin diseases affect one in every fourth American . The prevalence of skin diseases is also found to be increasing in Canada According to the Acne and Rosacea Society of Canada in 2016 , acne affected about 90 % of the teens in Canada . Approximately , 5 million people within the region have medical conditions for acne . Moreover , it was estimated that 1 in 2 teens ( 55 % ) get acne scars on the face .
Europe is the second largest market for laser resurfacing owing to an increasing demand for technologically advanced diagnostic services further drive the market growth . Furthermore , increasing demand for laser resurfacing devices also fuels the market growth . Germany , France , and the U.K are the largest contributors to the market growth .
The market in Asia Pacific is expected to grow at the fastest pace and is driven by the rising geriatric population , rising prevalence of skin problems among the adults , and increasing number of skin care procedures performed in hospitals and dermatology clinics . India and China are the largest contributors to the market growth owing to an increasing emphasis on skin care and development of the cosmetic industry . According to a study published in the Dermatology and Therapy journal in 2015 , the highest actinic keratosis prevalence rate was documented in Australia , affecting , over 40 % of the individuals who age 40 years or more .
The Middle East & Africa also show a steady rise in the market owing to increasing awareness about the laser treatment of skin diseases and development of skin care industry , especially in the developing regions of the Middle East .
Browse Complete Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/laser-resurfacing-market-5474
Some of Major Table of Content for Laser Resurfacing Market :
Chapter 1 . Report Prologue
Chapter 2 . Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3 . Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Chapter 4 . Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
TOC Continued… . !
Get Discount @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/5474
About US :
Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , enable customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
Contact Us :
Market Research Future
Office No . 528 , Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar ,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
Phone : +1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
BRISTOL , Conn. ( WTNH ) — A woman has been injured after a structure fire in Bristol on Monday night .
LifeStar says they were called to Bristol to pick up a 70-year-old woman who was involved in a structure fire on Topsfield Road .
They said she was suffering from smoke inhalation and had burns on her back .
LifeStar landed at Bristol-Eastern High School to pick her up , but did not say where they were flying the woman to .
Police have not released the woman 's identity .
The cause of the fire is still under investigation .
A Great Falls woman is facing charges after a 10-year-old says she slapped and bit him .
On December 6th , police responded to an elementary school in Great Falls regarding a 10-year-old student who reported a woman bit him . When officers spoke to the student , he said earlier that morning before he came to school Tamra Nilsen slapped his face , shook him until it was hard to breathe , and bit his cheek . According to the police report , officers saw the victim had visible injuries on his face consistent with his account of the events . Several witnesses provided similar details of the assault .
Tamra Nilsen , 28 , is being charged with one count of Assault on Minor . The State has requested her bond be set in the amount of $ 10,000 .
BANGKOK - Photos posted to Facebook of an almost nude waitress at a coffee shop in Chon Buri 's Sattahip district trigged a storm of criticism from mostly women users of the site .
The post , by a Facebook user with the account name of Krua Sahapat-Laem Chabang at 7am Saturday , drew over 3,500 comments in just five hours .
It also drew over 21,000 reactions and was shared over 8,800 times in the five-hour period .
The photos show a beautiful young woman wearing underwear and no bras . She has covered her front with a barista apron , leaving little to the imagination .
`` Do you have to do as much as this to promote your shop ? So , do you want to open a coffee shop or a brothel ? '' asked Facebook user Benyapa Rungkitsataporn . `` This kind of promotion prompted female baristas like me to be viewed negatively , '' posted another Facebook user .
`` Now , foreigners perceive Thailand as brothels . Please have understanding for working people in the profession [ when ] you use this kind of bad promotion . Please understand how they will be perceived . ''
And user Arisara Suwattanakorn posted : `` You do n't have to undress to promote a coffee shop . People come to drink coffee , not come to a massage parlour . It 's shameful for both the model and the shop owner . ''
Tina Turner 's son Craig has died in California at just 59 . Picture : Facebook
Tina Turner 's son Craig has died in California at just 59 . Picture : Facebook
TINA Turner was seen attending a fashion show in Paris on Tuesday just hours before her son was found dead aged 59 after reportedly taking his own life .
Craig Raymond Turner , who is the singer 's firstborn child , was found unresponsive at his home in Studio City , California , on Tuesday .
Police confirmed there were no suspicious circumstances and he was pronounced dead at the scene at 12.38pm local time ( 5.38am AEST ) , reports The Sun .
Tina Turner with her son Craig , pictured in the 1980s . Picture : Supplied
The Los Angeles County coroner 's office assistant chief Ed Winter confirmed he had died by suicide , however a post-mortem examination is due to take place .
Just hours earlier , music icon Tina Turner , 78 , was seen attending a Giorgio Armani show at the Haute Couture Fashion Week in Paris .
She was just 18 when she had Craig with Raymond Hill - who played the saxophone for the band Kings of Rhythm .
Craig was adopted by her husband Ike Turner after their marriage in 1962 and gave him his name .
Ike and Tina Turner in Australia in 1975 . Picture : Supplied
She also adopted Ike 's two children from his first marriage - Ike Jnr , 59 , and Michael , 58 .
Turner has a son - 57-year-old Ronnie - with Ike .
In an interview with Oprah Winfrey in May 2005 , Tina Turner said Craig was `` a very emotional kid '' who had witnessed her being abused by Ike .
Tina Turner has spoken about how her children saw ex-husband Ike beat her . Picture : Supplied
She said : `` They saw the black eyes . Ike 's children never reacted , but my oldest son , Craig , was a very emotional kid . He 'd always look down in sadness .
`` One day when Ike was fighting me , Craig knocked on the door and said , 'Mother , are you all right ? '
Tina Turner is a true legend of the music industry . Picture : Supplied
`` I thought , 'Oh , please , do n't beat me at home . ' I did n't want my children to hear . ''
According to his Facebook page , Craig worked in real estate in Beverly Hills .
Tina Turner moved to Switzerland in 1994 before her second marriage to German music producer Erwin Bach five years ago .
If you or someone you love is in crisis or needs support right now , please call Lifeline on 13 11 14 or BeyondBlue on 1300 224 636 . If it is an emergency please call 000 .
This story was originally published in The Sun and is reprinted with permission .
© Reuters
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has urged Mexico to be on the lookout for Russian meddling in its elections , citing reports of Moscow 's interference in the electoral process of countries around the world . `` We hear [ reports of election meddling ] from our European counterparts . My advice would be ... pay attention to what 's happening , '' he said on February 2 in Mexico City on the first stop of a Latin American tour.U.S . intelligence agencies have concluded that Moscow interfered in the 2016 U.S. presidential election to benefit Donald Trump and hurt the chances of Democratic rival Hillary Clinton.Russia has also been accused of intervening in votes in Italy , Finland , Britain , France , and elsewhere -- allegations Moscow denies.Tillerson 's comments follow remarks by U.S. national security adviser H.R . McMaster , who said there was already evidence of Russian meddling in Mexican elections scheduled for July . `` All I can say to you is that we know that Russia has fingerprints in a number of countries around the world , '' Tillerson said during a news conference with Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray.Polls indicate that left-wing former Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador is favored to win the July presidential election.An aide to potential presidential candidate Jose Antonio Meade , who is biddng to run for the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) , has warned that Russia could attempt to interfere to benefit Lopez Obrador.Before departing on his regional tour , Tillerson in a speech on February 1 warned countries of the Western Hemisphere to beware of `` alarming '' actions by Russia and China in their region , urging them to work with the United States instead . `` Latin America does n't need new imperial powers that seek only to benefit their own people , '' Tillerson said in speech in Texas on February 1.Tillerson said in the speech that Russia 's `` growing presence in the region is alarming . `` He added that Moscow `` continues to sell arms and military equipment to unfriendly regimes who do not share or respect democratic values . `` Tillerson will also visit Peru , Argentina , Colombia , and Jamaica on the tour.With reporting by Reuters , AFP , and The Financial Times
Map of the restricted area around the Allie Lake wildfire provided by the BC Wildfire Service .
The Allie Lake wildfire is now 100 per cent contained .
“ It sure is , ” confirmed BC Wildfire Service information officer Jody Lucius . “ We 've upgraded the status of the fire from out of control to being held . ”
Lucious said the service no longer expects the fire will grow any further due to the current weather and resources deployed to the fire .
More than seven millimetres of rain fell on the fire overnight , which the BC Wildfire Service noted as aiding suppression efforts .
“ For public safety and to enable our crews to continue to work on suppression we do ask the public to remain out of that area , ” said Lucious .
Fire crews are still working on fortifying guards already in place , moping up the fire 's edges and extinguishing hot spots within the fire 's perimeter . Assessments on trees in danger of falling will also be done in key areas of the fires in the coming days , as well as a scan of the fire to help identify more hot spots .
The area restriction order is still in place and recreation sites remain closed .
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Market Research Future published a research report on Global Fungal Eye Infection Market and predicts that Global Fungal Eye Infection Market is expected to grow at a healthy CAGR of 8.5 % during the forecasted period .
Fungal eye infections are rare , but they can be very serious . Fungal eye infection is a result of an eye injury . Inflammation or infection in the interior of the eye is called endophthalmitis and inflammation/infection of the cornea is known as keratitis .
Fungal eye infections are caused by a number of infectious species such as candida , aspergillus , cryptococcus , histoplasma , pneumocystis , and stachybotrys . There are approximately 1.5 million different species of fungi on the earth . However , only around 300 are responsible for causing diseases and infections in humans .
According to a survey carried out by Cidara Therapeutics , Inc. in 2015 , approximately 97,000 deaths are associated annually in the U.S. with fungal infections . Changing lifestyle and increasing pollution has increased the possibilities of the fungal infections .
The global fungal eye infections market is majorly driven by increasing prevalence of fungal infection , continuously increasing geriatric population and increasing number of patients suffering from a various fungal infection . However , the growth of the market is restricted due to side-effects of the treatment . For instance , in contrast to the remedial effects , antifungal treatment can have many side effects as well . Some of them include irritation , itching , headache , diarrhea , and anemia . In some cases , they are also responsible for causing kidney and liver damage .
Get Exclusive Sample Copy @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5498
Top Players in Fungal Eye Infection Market :
Some of the key players in fungal eye infection market are Allergan Inc. , Abbott , Merck & Co. , Inc. , Bayer AG , Astellas Pharma , Inc. , GlaxoSmithKline plc , Sigma-Aldrich , Novartis AG , Pfizer , Inc. , Enzon Pharmaceuticals , Alcon Laboratories Inc. , Johnson & Johnson Ltd. and others .
Market Segmentation of Fungal Eye Infection Market :
The global fungal eye infection market is segmented on the basis of diagnosis , treatment , and end users . On the basis of the diagnosis , the market is segmented into CT scan , MR scan , chromosome analysis , ultrasonography , and others . Based on the treatment , the market is segmented into antifungal medication , eye surgery , and others . On the basis of the end users , the market is segmented into hospitals & clinics , research centers , specialty eye clinics , and others .
Regional Analysis of Fungal Eye Infection Market :
The Americas dominate the global fungal eye infection market owing to the presence of population suffering from a fungal and bacterial infection and increasing number of surgical procedures in the hospitals . The Americas is further segmented into North America and South America . North America holds the largest market owing to extensive use of advanced technology and developed pharmaceutical sector .
Europe accounts for the second largest market due to increasing funds , government support and increasing healthcare expenditure . Germany , France , and the U.K hold a significant share in the market owing to increasing demand for technologically advanced devices for the surgical procedures overall growth of medical device industry .
Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market for the fungal eye infection , whose growth is attributed to rising geriatric population , increasing prevalence of people suffering from fungal and bacterial infections , and rapidly developing economies . Additionally , increasing healthcare expenditure and demand for new treatment options for rare diseases fuel the market growth . India and China are the major contributors to the market growth due to the rapid development of healthcare sector in these regions and increasing demand for diagnostic services .
On the other hand , the Middle East & Africa is expected to witness limited growth due to limited access to the healthcare resources and lack of awareness about rare diseases . In the Middle East , the growth of the market is driven by increasing availability new diagnostic and treatment methods for various chronic and fungal infections .
Browse Complete Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/fungal-eye-infection-market-5498
Some of Major Table of Content for Fungal Eye Infection Market :
Chapter 1 . Report Prologue
Chapter 2 . Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope of the Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3 . Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Chapter 4 . Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
TOC Continued… . !
Get Discount @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/5498
About US :
Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , enable customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
Contact Us :
Market Research Future
Office No . 528 , Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar ,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
Phone : +1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
Female ? 40+ ? Miserable about your body ? Frustrated ? Got ta do something about it ?
CLICK TO READ :
Reclaim Fit & Healthy :
Do n't You Deserve It ?
Linda T. Gottlieb
Certified Fitness Pro
30+ Years Experience
www.fittraining.net
To Democrats , there 's nothing wrong with government tyranny
The FISA memo release describes a shocking series of criminal abuses of power at the highest levels of the FBI and DOJ -- all under Obama.As the memo reveals , not only did top FBI and DOJ officials conspire to defraud the FISA court in order to illegally spy on American citizens , the key operatives in this processduring the entire process.The abuse of power now evident at the highest levels of the Obama regime -- which weaponized the government to target and destroy political enemies -- is the most egregious political scandal in the history of this nation , easily dwarfing the relatively minor events surrounding Watergate.Yet despite the shocking abuse of power that now confirmsthe criminal actions of top FBI / DOJ officials are not being called out by a single prominent Democrat or left-wing media publisher . In every single case , Democrats and fake news media outlets are choosing to attack the FISA memo instead of apologizing for their role in perpetuating these outrageous abuses of power that qualify as treason.Remember : The entire purpose of this deep state operation was toby any means necessary , including the weaponization of police state powers in a corrupt government that targeted American citizens.It is stunning -- and yet somehow entirely expected -- that there is n't a single left-wing media outlet owning up to their role in thisTo the left-wing media and Democrats , you see , there 's nothing wrong with weaponizing government against your political enemies . After all , that 's what Lois Lerner did at the IRS . It 's what the EPA did against farmers and ranchers . It 's what the BLM did against ranchers in Nevada . It 's what the ATF did against David Koresh in Waco , and it 's a perfect reflection of the way totalitarian Democrat lawmakers and bureaucrats see a `` legitimate '' role of Big Government : To destroy their political opposition by any means necessary.Astonishingly , this FISA memo release not only exposes the extreme corruption , collusion and criminality of the Obama / Clinton regime , it alsoto willfully abuse government power in order to destroy a political target . They are n't even pretending to support democracy or the rule of law . They are n't even pretending to respect a democratic election or the will of the People . Instead , they actively collude with deep state operatives to knowingly publish false , dangerous and even treasonous lies in order to brainwash the public into an angry rage that now infects the minds of millions of Americans who follow left-wingWe are now entering an era of unprecedented weaponization of the media , used against the People as a mind control `` journo-terrorism '' institution . God help us all . Now , more than ever , you need to take a stand for America and fight against the lies and deceptions of the toxic , anti-American left-wing media .
Via No Tricks Zone , another instance of fraud perpetrated by global warming alarmists who have charge of data . This time , they are changing sea level measurements to make it appear that sea level is rising abnormally , when it is n't :
In a new paper published in Earth Systems and Environment this month , Australian scientists Dr. Albert Parker and Dr. Clifford Ollier uncover evidence that Permanent Service for Mean Sea Level ( PSMSL ) overseers appear to have been engaging in the “ highly questionable ” and “ suspicious ” practice of adjusting historical tide gauge data to show recent accelerated sea level rise where no such acceleration ( or rise ) exists . Extensive evidence from “ tide gauges , coastal morphology , stratigraphy , radiocarbon dating , archaeological remains , and historical documentation ” all suggest that sea levels in the Indian Ocean have effectively been stable in recent decades .
* * *
The data-adjusters take misaligned and incomplete sea level data from tide gauges that show no sea level rise ( or even a falling trend ) . Then , they subjectively and arbitrarily cobble them together , or realign them . In each case assessed , PSMSL data-adjusters lower the earlier misaligned rates and raise the more recent measurements . By doing so , they concoct a new linearly-rising trend .
This is exactly what alarmist scientists have done with surface temperature records . Tens of billions of dollars in government money will buy a lot of scientists .
[ F ] or every adjustment of raw data analyzed , “ the adjustments are always in the direction to produce a large rise in sea level. ” The suspicious perpetuity of this pattern strongly suggests that there is an agenda driving these arbitrary and subjective realignments .
Funny how that works . It 's the same with surface temperature records . We have gotten to the point where there are no reliable , unfalsified , transparent data sets except the satellite temperature records that go back to 1979 .
Commander 's calls not only serve as an outlet of communication between leadership and Airmen , but foster the recognition of hard-working individuals .
Airmen from Headquarters Eighth Air Force were recognized by leadership on base at the BUFF event center , which was followed by remarks from the Eighth Air Force commander , Maj. Gen. Thomas Bussiere .
First , the Air Force Achievement Medal was awarded to Master Sgt . Lakisha D. Taylor for outstanding achievement from July 31 , 2016 , to January 20 , 2017 .
Next , 608th Air Operations Center , 608th Air Communications Squadron , and the 608th Strategic Operations Squadron was awarded the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award for exceptionally meritorious service from Jan. 1 , 2014 , to Dec. 31 , 2015 .
Subsequently , a congratulatory memo from Air Force Global Strike Command was read to congratulate the 608th ACOMS for being selected as AFGSC 's 2016 Air Force Lt. Gen. Harold W. Grant Award , Small Communications Squadron of the Year Nominee . The memo stated that the culmination of the unit 's efforts to contribute to and support vital Air Force missions and operations led to the unit 's selection .
The 608th AOC Intelligence , Surveillance and Reconnaissance Division was selected as the Eighth Air Force 's 2016 ISR unit of the year , followed by the recognition of Capt . Amy Natalini who was named the Eighth Air Force 's Outstanding ISR deployed officer of the year .
Lastly , Tech . Sgt . Matthew Yatsko , 608th AOC , was named the AFGSC 's 2016 Air Force Outstanding Cyber Warfare Noncommissioned Officer of the Year Nominee .
The following fourth quarter award winners and diamond sharp were announced :
Fourth Quarter Award Winners :
Airman Category : Senior Airman Stuart Terney , 595th Command and Control Group
Noncommissioned Officer Category : Staff Sgt . Caleb Barth , 595th CACG
Senior Noncommissioned Officer Category : Master Sgt . Yesenia Kilburn , 595th CACG
Company Grade Officer Category : Captain Jason Bland , Headquarters Eighth Air Force Staff
Field Grade Officer Category : Maj. Patrick Villa , 608th STOS
Civilian Category I : Karen Riddle , Headquarters Eighth Air Force Staff
Civilian Category II : Charles Rounds , 608th AOC
Civilian Category III : Heather Foster-Stine , 595th CACG
Diamond Sharp Award Winners :
Month of November : Airman 1st Class Sean Oczepek , 608th ACOMS
Month of December : Airman 1st Class Krystal Cleary , 608th AOC
Month of January : Airman 1st Class Jeremy Tirso , 608th AOC
Month of February : Airman 1st Class Julia Pak , 608th AOC
Month of March : Senior Airman Ryan Bowen , 608th AOC
Upon conclusion of the awards , Bussiere made final remarks and discussed topics such as the Defense Equal Opportunity Management Institute Organizational Climate Survey and leadership roles . The commander 's call concluded with the discussion about the importance of leadership roles within the organization .
“ The most effective leaders in our Air Force are the frontline supervisors who master knowledge of their young Airmen , along with their passion to do something bigger , ” Bussiere said .
To learn more about the commander 's priorities , visit www.8af.af.mil .
NEWS INFO Date Taken : 04.12.2017 Date Posted : 04.17.2017 12:19 Story ID : 230572 Location : BARKSDALE AIR FORCE BASE , LA , US Web Views : 7 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , 8 AF commander addresses HQ Airmen , by SrA Erin Trower , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
I 'm A Celebrity 2017 winner Georgia 'Toff ' Toffolo has revealed why she was allowed to take make-up into the jungle .
Early on in the show , viewers at home noticed that the Made In Chelsea star appeared to be wearing foundation , which has always been banned in camp .
The 22-year-old has now admitted she refused to appear on the show if she was n't allowed it to cover her spots .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
She shared : “ When producers told me it was banned I broke down in tears and said , ‘ I ca n't do this . ' ''
Toff continued : `` It 's a medical problem and I 've been on strong tablets for six months trying to get rid of them . So show bosses agreed that , because it was a medical problem , I was allowed to put foundation on once a day in the morning .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ I wish I could walk around with no make-up on but I have big angry red marks all down the side of my cheeks . Some people do n't understand how badly it affects my confidence and upsets me . ”
However , she added to The Sun that her jungle diet and break from bad food has done wonders for her skin and will now get allergy tests done .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Over the weekend Toff became the third female to win the series in a row – following Scarlett Moffat and Vicky Pattison – and beat third-placed Radio DJ Iain Lee and soap actor Jamie Lomas in the final .
After being announced as the winner she stood open mouthed for 30 seconds unable to speak .
She said : “ I do n't know what to say , obviously I am shocked I did n't think anyone would like me . “ I am really taken aback , it is really overwhelming . Wow . Is this real ?
“ It is a dream , I have watched this since I was a little girl . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A desperate jobseeker is hoping to boost his career prospects by standing outside an employment event with his CV displayed on a whiteboard .
Former Police Community Support Officer ( PCSO ) Andy Blackburn is hoping to catch a potential employer 's eye by spending all day today outside the TotalDECOM event in Manchester .
The 38-year-old said he is seeking employment again after his life was ‘ put on hold ' so he could care for his ill mum , who has now died .
Andy has worked in several public sector jobs since his three years as a community support officer and is pursuing a job in the energy industry , which he claims has more favourable career prospects , the Manchester Evening News reports .
Key figures in the oil , gas and nuclear energy industry are expected to gather today at TotalDECOM , and Andy is hoping to hand out his business cards to some influential people .
( Image : Manchester Evening News )
He will also carry a giant whiteboard listing his qualifications , to get their attention as they head through the door .
He has been unable to work over the last few years as he was caring for his mother Cecilia at her home in Cumbria , after she was diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease .
Sadly Cecilia passed away earlier this year at the age of 71 , and Andy has started looking for jobs to get his career back on track .
( Image : Manchester Evening News )
He has already tried the whiteboard stunt – two years ago at the same event – and says he was invited inside to tour the venue and speak to officials as a result .
However , Andy , from Cumbria , said he was n't in the right frame of mind back then and his efforts did n't actually lead to a job , so he 's hoping to have a bit more luck this time .
He is better prepared for this year 's event and will turn up to the event in a suit and tie , after wearing a t-shirt last time .
( Image : Manchester Evening News )
He said : “ I 'm going to be a bit more targeted . I just want an opportunity – I just want a starting point to get a career . It 's the main guys who go to the event , who are able to open that door .
“ I put my life on hold when I was looking after my mum . I just want that starting point to get a career . ”
Andy has previously worked in a number of roles in the public sector , but said government cuts mean he is looking for employment in the energy industry , which has better employment prospects .
( Image : Manchester Evening News )
He previously worked as a PCSO in Salford , between 2007 and 2010 , and also worked for Warrington Council , and he said they have provided him with transferable skills to launch a new career .
He has since spent more than £7,000 doing training courses to make the move into the oil industry , but his lack of work experience means he has struggled to get a job .
He said : “ I have the qualifications and skills and willingness to learn , I just need a starting point opportunity . ”
Photo : Sipa / USA Today Network
By Hayden Wright
Taylor Swift has kept a relatively low profile while her sixth studio album Reputation tops the charts and her fans gobble up a holiday helping of confessional new music . Over the weekend , however , Swift made an exception by performing at the Jingle Bell Ball in London .
Related : Taylor Swift Pens New Poem ‘ The Trick to Holding On '
Her headlining set included a combination of hits from 1989 and Reputation including “ Blank Space ” and “ Shake It Off ” from the former . From the latter , Taylor performed “ Gorgeous , ” “ Look What You Made Me Do ” and “ …Ready For It ? ” For good measure , Swift threw in a solo rendition of her duet with Zayn Malik : “ I Do n't Wan na Live Forever . ”
The performance followed almost a month after her November 11 appearance on Saturday Night Live . Other acts at the Jingle Bell Ball included Ed Sheeran and Liam Payne .
Watch Taylor perform “ Ready For It , ” “ Gorgeous ” and “ Look What You Made Me Do ” below :
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ ABC does not tolerate comments like those ” made by Roseanne Barr . Gee , he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC . Maybe I just did n't get the call ? — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2018
no , i didnt i blamed myself . stop lying . Yes , I have had odd ambien experiences on tweeting late at night-like many other ppl do . I BLAME MYSELF OK ? it 's just an explanation not an excuse , Ok , bully ? — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
People of all races , religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world . While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects , racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication . — Sanofi US ( @ SanofiUS ) May 30 , 2018
Wow ! unreal . — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
i created the platform for that inclusivity and you know https : //t.co/hViHPX2ZUb . You throw me under the bus . nice ! — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
She 's distancing herself from me and my tweet-she has to . — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
hey guys , do n't defend me , it 's sweet of you 2 try , but ... losing my show is 0 compared 2 being labelled a racist over one tweet-that I regret even more . — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
i feel bad for @ POTUS-he goes thru this every single day . — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
@ ValerieJarrett i do n't know if u saw it , but I wanted2 apologize to u 4 hurting and upsetting u with an insensitive & tasteless tweet . I am truly sorry-my whole life has been about fighting racism . I made a terrible mistake wh caused hundreds of ppl 2 lose their jobs . so sorry ! — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
I 'm sorry 4 my tweet , AND I will also defend myself as well as talk to my followers . so , go away if u do n't like it . I will handle my sadness the way I want to . I 'm tired of being attacked & belittled more than other comedians who have said worse . — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
President Donald Trump has tweeted his thoughts after thereboot was cancelled by ABC . The president tweeted that Disney CEO Bob Iger should apologize to Trump for past comments about him made on ABC because Iger had apologized to Valerie Jarrett , the subject of Roseanne Barr 's racist tweet.Barr took to Twitter overnight to apologize again and say that she sent out her racist tweet after taking a sedative . She also lashed out at co-stars , saying they threw her under the bus.The racist tweet that led to the cancellation of her show suggested that former Obama White House adviser Jarrett was a product of the Muslim Brotherhood and the : `` Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj . `` After the tweet went viral , Barr deleted it and apologized to Jarrett `` and to all Americans . '' She also said she was leaving Twitter Since then , Barr has tweeted many apologies , but she has also started to fight back . In one tweet she calls her own words indefensible and blames Ambien for the initial tweet . `` guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me . It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended , '' she wrote.Barr later wrote that `` i blamed myself . not ambien . `` Sanofi , the makers of Ambien , responded to say that `` racism is not a known side effect . `` The initial tweet outraged fans and as well as her own castmates . After co-stars Sara Gilbert and Michael Fishman tweeted their own condemnation of the tweets , Roseanne fired back.Wednesday morning Barr seemed to defend Gilbert , saying she was `` distancing herself '' from Barr because `` she has to , '' adding that she forgives Gilbert Overnight Barr retweeted messages of support from fans but also asked them not to defend her comment.She also compared the response to President Donald Trump 's experiences.Meanwhile the subject of the tweet , Valerie Jarrett , responded to the controversy on MSNBC . `` Bob Iger , who is the CEO of Disney , called me before the announcement , he apologized , he said he had zero tolerance for that sort of racist , bigoted comment and he wanted me to know before he made it public that he was cancelling this show and so I appreciate that they did that so swiftly , '' Jarrett said.Barr also made another apology late Tuesday . `` Do n't feel sorry for me , guys ! ! I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people , and wonderful writers ( all liberal ) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet . `` Streaming service Hulu and other cable networks have removedreruns , and Barr was also dropped by her talent agency .
The ex-girlfriend of the accused former UCCI President says he took her to Tiffany 's for jewellery multiple times , paid towards her $ 70,000 school loan and bought both her and her mother cars .
Hassan Syed denies that he stole more than half a million dollars from the university college . Watch the report for details .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Swarms of fans descend on airport to greet Oscar
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Mathieu Debuchy could be allowed to leave Arsenal in January after his bust-up with Arsene Wenger .
Gunners boss Wenger was angry with French full back Debuchy for claiming that Arsenal blocked him leaving for Manchester United in January 2016 .
Wenger was originally planning to keep 31-year-old Debuchy as cover at right back with Carl Jenkinson going out on loan for the rest of the season .
But Debuchy 's outburst in the French press - in which he claimed Wenger blocked him leaving for Old Trafford and also did not speak to him - has gone down spectacularly badly .
( Photo : Clive Rose )
Debuchy , 31 , has been out with a hamstring injury but Arsenal are now open to potentially letting Jenkinson AND the former Newcastle right back go in January
Debuchy has struggled to get a regular place at Arsenal , especially since Hector Bellerin 's emergence as a first choice at the Emirates .
Gabriel and Francis Coquelin could both provide cover at right back if there was an injury to Bellerin .
( Photo : Reuters )
There has been interest from France and Wenger has got tough with players in the past who have upset him .
Hull , Watford , Swansea , Aston Villa and West Ham all want Jenkinson on loan to help him to get player regularly .
Crystal Palace boss Sam Allardyce had Jenkinson at West Ham and could move for him but Arsenal are only considering a loan with a permanent switch likely in the summer .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
We have updated our crosswords - so you will notice a few differences which should make your experience better .
The new features are :
- The ability to save your progress with any crossword by clicking on the Disk icon
- You can also change the font size by using the Aa icon
- Using the bin icon will completely reset the puzzle and your entries will be removed should you make a mistake
- And to check the solution to see if you 've got it right use the Tick icon
Finally , if you prefer to print the grid to complete it please make select the option to print backgrounds otherwise the black cells in the grid will not show on your print out .
“ My main machine is a late 2014 27-inch iMac with a 4GHz Core i7 CPU , 24GB of RAM , and a 256GB SSD ( plus a big external RAID for most of my files ) . While it runs fine , I would like something with Thunderbolt 3 support , with faster graphics for X-Plane , and with more computing power for ripping Blu-Ray discs , ” Rob Griffiths writes for The Robservatory . “ It 's also beyond AppleCare age , and if something fails , it will be expensive and time consuming to repair . ”
“ When the iMac Pro came out , I was intrigued , but the price point is scary high and there was the ‘ “ new new ' Mac Pro on the horizon—potentially a cheaper alternative , given the display would n't have to be bundled ( and upgradeability is a good thing ) . I was hoping for an update on that machine at WWDC this June , ” Griffiths writes . “ Instead , we got the update much earlier , though it 's not was I was hoping to hear : The new new Mac Pro wo n't be released in 2018 . ”
“ As a result , if I want to replace my iMac this year , I have only two choices : A new iMac non-pro , or a new iMac Pro , ” Griffiths writes . “ So just what would I be getting for my money with either machine ? And how do those machines compare with the Frankenmac homebuilt I put together last year ? And perhaps more intriguingly , how do they compare with the 2013 ‘ new ' Mac Pro that Apple still sells today ? ”
“ If I 'm going to spend money on a new computer this year , and I want it to be notably quicker than what I have today , then it looks like the iMac Pro is the only real option , ” Griffiths writes . “ So why I have n't I moved on it yet ? I can think of 6,399 reasons why . ”
Read more in the full article here .
Whilst the media concentrate on shortages of beds , longer waiting times and the increasing indebtedness of Trusts , all of which can easily be solved by investing more money , ie . a choice ( or not ) of the government of the day , something far more fundamental is happening – doctors are leaving the NHS .
This can not be solved by money , or government dictat , because the goodwill of medical staff which successive governments have taken for granted has run out , and frankly , doctors have sufficient skills to go anywhere in the world .
From its inception , the NHS has relied on imported staff from abroad ; in the ‘ 50s and ‘ 60s it was mainly porters , cleaners and cooks from the Caribbean . In the ‘ 70s and ‘ 80s it was doctors from the Indian subcontinent and nurses from south East Asia and since the ‘ 90s from Europe .
The UK has never produced sufficient home grown doctors , partly because of the idiotic insistence of the system in pretending that almost no-one is academically gifted enough to get into medical school . Getting 4A * has little to do with becoming a good doctor ; it 's just an effective way of stopping perfectly good candidates getting into medical school . The medical school expansion programme in the ‘ 70s did n't fix the problem and neither will Jeremy Hunt 's offering of 6,000 more places over the next five years ; the problem is much , much worse than that .
Those Indian doctors who have been the backbone of the NHS for the last 30+years are all retiring , as are the post-war home grown baby boomers , and , of course , with Brexit there wo n't be any new doctors coming from Europe or beyond .
Formerly , it was quite common for doctors to carry on working for a number of years after 65 , many into their 70s . Not that I 'm advocating that , doctors have their sell by dates , just like everything else .
But now , on top of the stresses and strains of medical life , comes the issue of re-validation . The generation of doctors nearing the end of their career face , for the first time , a complex , tedious and stressful procedure to re-validate if they want to continue working . This is pushing many into taking prompt , or even early retirement , rather than slog through a process which few believe is useful at this stage of their careers , and with the small but real chance that one may be found wanting . Why risk it ? -take the pension and sit in the sun , they 've worked hard enough , for long enough .
At the same time , at the other end of the career path , the unresolved dispute between the Department of Health and the junior doctors means that for the first time ever , many junior doctors are simply not entering the postgraduate training programme , the only mechanism by which one can build a career in medicine in the UK , either as a GP or hospital specialist . There will even be unfilled places on the foundation programme ( the first 2 years after medical school ) for the first time ever , 444 spaces as of March 2017 .
In the 5 years of the unresolved junior doctors dispute , with Jeremy Hunt imposing a new contract in 2016 , the proportion of doctors immediately entering the post-graduate training programme has reduced from more than 70 % to less that 50 % . That simply means there will be far fewer GPs and hospital specialists coming out at the other end of the programme in the next few years . As the gaps open up , the quality of life for those who make it through deteriorates and so fewer embark . A quarter of middle grade paediatric training posts are vacant , that means a 25 % shortfall of specialists in child medicine in 4 years ' time .
This week we hear that more and more hospitals are relying on locums every week to close rota gaps , a totally unsustainable and thoroughly undesirable situation for both patients and doctors , not to mention the finances of the NHS . Something needs to be done , and fast , and frankly Jeremy Hunt is not up to the task .
* Catherine is a medical doctor originally trained in the NHS , but has spent many years as a surgeon and medical researcher working in east Africa , Asia and China . She has also been a Lib Dem PPC .
Paul Clement thinks victory celebrations should not antagonise defeated opponents as his Swansea side get set to welcome Premier League leaders Manchester City on Wednesday .
Clement 's comments came as the Football Association gave Manchester United and Manchester City until Wednesday to reply to a request for observations following reports of ugly scenes after City 's 2-1 win at Old Trafford on Sunday .
United are understood to have taken exception to the visitors ' post-match celebrations and an altercation - involving up to 20 players and staff in the crowded corridor leading to the dressing rooms - is believed to have left City coach Mikel Arteta with a head wound .
Pep Guardiola 's side will create a Premier League record of 15 consecutive victories by winning at the Liberty Stadium , so it is possible that the music will once again be playing post-match in the City dressing room .
`` Emotions run high in games , but when away from home you should celebrate in an appropriate manner with your supporters , '' Clement said .
`` Then make your way back to the dressing room and enjoy it as a team there .
`` You do n't way any unnecessary confrontation and conflict . It does happen , but you want to try and avoid it . ''
Swansea 's weekend win against West Brom - only their third in the Premier League this season - took them off the bottom of the table .
But Clement accepts Swansea must defend at their best to stop opponents who are now 11 points clear at the top .
`` To beat them you have to be absolutely spot on with your defending , '' Clement said .
`` When we went to the Etihad last season we were under a lot of pressure , but we managed to come in at half-time only one goal behind when it could have been a lot more .
`` In the second half we got higher up the field , got some more numbers forward and scored before they got a late winner .
`` We know we 're not going to have as much of the ball as them , but can we create a couple of opportunities and make them count ? ''
Swansea striker Wilfried Bony comes up against his old club for the first time since leaving City in a £12million deal at the end of August .
Bony managed only 10 goals in 46 appearances during a two-and-a-half year spell at City , which was plagued by illness and injury .
But the Ivorian has scored in his last two games since shaking off early-season injury problems .
`` I asked if he wanted a rest for this game , and you can imagine the reaction that I got , '' Clement said .
`` His motivation is high - 11 out of 10 . I think he feels it is a part of his career where he did not get to the level he wanted .
`` He has a point to prove to lots of people and , step by step , he is getting fitter and sharper and the goals are starting to come . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man has found a six-centimetre fossil on a beach that some believe could be the penis of a mammoth last seen 700,000 years ago .
Robert Mee stumbled across the phallic-looking find on the same stretch of coastline where the skeleton of the West Runton mammoth - was discovered 27 years ago .
He made the surprising discovery in Hunstanton , Norfolk - just 30 miles from where Ice age mammoth , often referred to as an elephant , last walked .
Robert later shared his find on Facebook appealing for help in identifying it , but received an interesting response .
( Photo : SWNS )
( Photo : Robert Mee / SWNS )
Niall Thorogood , who found a baby mammoth tooth on West Runton Beach in April , commented : `` Odd shape . ''
Richard Rockett said : `` It looks like a fossilised phallus . ''
Alison Cramp added : `` Elephant penis ? ''
( Photo : Robert Mee / SWNS )
It is believed the male West Runton mammoth stood four metres tall at the shoulder and weighed 10 tonnes - twice the weight of the modern African elephant .
( Photo : Getty )
Some experts have dismissed the find as a trace fossil , such as faeces left behind by animals , rather than the preserved remains of the body of the actual animal itself .
However , over the past 27 years north Norfolk 's eroding coastline has yielded up scores of prehistoric treasures .
It includes the oldest human footprints found outside Africa , and the most complete skeleton of a mammoth anywhere in the world .
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
AC Milan will make a fresh bid to tempt Cesc Fabregas away from Chelsea this summer .
The 29-year-old midfielder , who will have two years left on his contract , is determined to remain part of Antonio Conte 's plans .
But manager Conte was willing to listen to offers for Fabregas last summer and is expected to do so again .
The former Arsenal and Barcelona star forced his way into the Italian 's plans this season , but there are plans afoot to revamp the Blues midfield at the end of the campaign , whether they win the title or not .
( Photo : Getty )
( Photo : AFP )
Fabregas struggled for a starting spot earlier in the campaign but has begun nine Premier League games for the Blues this term with a further 14 appearances from the bench .
The Spaniard has netted four goals with a further two strikes in the League Cup .
Nearly six months after her Nashville swan song aired , Connie Britton has booked a recurring role on the new Showtime comedy SMILF .
Written , directed , produced and starring Frankie Shaw ( aka Elliot 's Season 1 Mr . Robot romantic interest ) — and based on Shaw 's Sundance Film Festival Jury Award-winning short film of the same name – SMILF promises a raw and honest comedic look at Bridgette , a single twentysomething from Southie whose desires for relationships , sex , and a career collide with the realities of young , single motherhood .
Per THR.com , Britton will have an arc as Ally , Bridgette 's boss who struggles with boundaries .
Our sister site Deadline meanwhile reports that The Strain ‘ s Miguel Gomez has boarded the comedy as a series regular , playing Rafi , a recovering addict who endeavors to be a good ex-boyfriend to Bridgette and father to their 2-year old son .
Rosie O'Donnell co-stars on SMILF as Tutu , Bridgette 's prideful Southie mother who lives by her own set of rules .
In addition to her run as Rayna James , Britton 's TV credits include American Horror Story , Friday Night Lights , 24 and the sitcom Spin City .
SMILF premieres Sunday , Nov. 5 at 10/9c .
The Mummy
Universal Pictures ' “ Dark Universe ” is an attempt to create a cohesive , shared cinematic universe made up of classic monsters brought to the screen by directors such as James Whale and F.W . Murnau in the 1930s . It begins with The Mummy in the guise of a tattooed Egyptian princess who looks to have stepped out of director Masaki Kobayashi 's 1964 ghost picture , Kwaidan .
In both the 1932 original and the 1999 reboot , the forsaken priest was mummified for his illicit , undying love ; this time it 's a thirst for evil after Ahmanet ( Sofia Boutella ) seeks to unleash Set , the Egyptian god of the dead .
With a list of TV credentials as producer on such shows as Sleepy Hollow and Fringe , film director Alex Kurtzman has been selected to spearhead this “ Dark Universe ” with this film and the soon-to-be-produced Bride of Frankenstein and The Invisible Man , so much of the layered , detailed exposition in The Mummy – from shots of mad scientists and technicians at the secret Prodigium research facility , where Ahmanet is taken once revived , to jars holding skulls of vampires and the webbed claw of the Creature from the Black Lagoon – act as foreshadowing of things to come .
This sort of thing is n't unprecedented . Besides the aforementioned 1999 Mummy , Universal sought to resurrect its monsters in 2004 's Van Helsing ( which is also to be revamped ! ) , as well as in the 2010 's The Wolfman with Benicio del Toro .
The controversy over this particular relaunch stems from the choice of actors Tom Cruise and Russell Crowe , both of whom have suffered as media whipping boys .
To dislike Tom Cruise for being a Scientologist is no different than not liking Steven Spielberg because he 's Jewish . And if Crowe is deemed undesirable due to his drinking or unruly demeanor , then that puts him in the same company as Robert Mitchum , Sean Penn and Mel Gibson .
After skipping from 12th century England to ancient Egypt until the discovery of an Egyptian tomb in modern day Iraq , the movie puts freebooter Nick Morton , played by Cruise , on a collision course with the ancient curse that threatens all mankind .
It 's a simple , effective setup for bringing forth the monster .
And Ahmanet is n't the typical gauze-wrapped shuffling mummy , the kind which served as the inspiration for George Romero 's walking dead . Not only is she an elemental able to whip up a sandstorm , she communicates with insects while possessing the strength to hoist and heave a soldier across the room . But her most effective horror ability is she can literally suck the life out of the living , turning them into living corpses , i.e . mummies without a gauze !
So how does not-so-likeable , thickheaded , Hans Solo-esque Nick fight being the target of the curse ? Seems he slept with an archeologist named Jenny Halsey , who knows a guy by the name of Dr. Henry Jekyll ( Russell Crowe ) , who as an immunologist believes there is a medical cure for the pestilence that is supernatural evil . And yeah , he 's that Dr. Jekyll .
So what these “ Dark Universe ” movies must take into account is that the classic Universal monster movies depended on the off-screen makeup skills of Jack Pierce to provide their continuity : human-sized actors surrounded by grotesque creatures whose look stemmed from German Expressionism and returning frontline war atrocities thrust into gothic romantic settings . First and foremost , the Universal monsters were sympathetic , a reminder that circumstance creates horror in us all .
In its favor , this “ Dark Universe ” began with the “ oldest ” of horror , the living dead from the Epic of Gilgamesh in the form of Ahmanet , who is pure evil brought forward into the modern day and pitted against modern science conducted by a guy fighting his own monstrous split personality !
Unlike the superhero cinematic universes , monsters lead from one to the next . There 's no need for a continuation of this story in a sequel ! And it would appear , at least , that Russell Crowe 's Dr. Jekyll is predetermined to be the connecting thread that sews mummy to Frankenstein 's monster to mad scientists to vampiric counts .
As the initial entry , The Mummy can be somewhat excused for its sprawling excesses . What wo n't be forgiven is if future monster entries rely on formulaic action scenes and big box office names to reel in prospective moviegoers at the expense of frights .
Monster movies are about the MONSTERS !
The Mummy is an acceptable start .
[ PG-13 ]
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The date has now been revealed for when Princess Eugenie will marry Jack Brooksbank .
The Princess will marry her fiance on October 12 later this year .
The wedding will take place at St George 's Chapel in Windsor Castle , the same venue where Prince Harry will tie the knot with Meghan Markle in May .
Eugenie is expected to ask sister Princess Beatrice to be her maid of honour , and close friends Molly Whitehall and Jules de Boinville are also likely to be in the bridal party .
Wine merchant Jack , 31 , popped the question earlier this month in Nicaragua .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : Getty )
( Image : BBC/PA )
Eugenie , who is eighth in line to the throne , met her future husband while on a skiing holiday in Verbier , Switzerland , seven years ago .
In their engagement interview , Mr Brooksbank , who was working as a waiter when he met his future fiancee , said it was `` love at first sight '' .
Eugenie admitted her boyfriend 's idyllic lakeside proposal in Central America was a complete surprise . `` I was over the moon , crying , '' she said .
( Image : Splash News )
( Image : Splash News )
Eugenie 's engagement ring was designed by the couple together . Jack found a padparadscha sapphire , but admitted he `` did n't want to do anything until Eugenie had signed off on it '' .
The final design of the padparadscha sapphire surrounded by diamonds echoes the style of the ring Eugenie 's dad Prince Andrew gave to her mum Sarah Ferguson when they became engaged .
The ring is estimated to be £100,000 .
( Image : AFP )
When asked whether her wedding dress would be a straight style of meringue , she said : `` I do n't know . Maybe a mix of both . Can you do that ? Is there such a thing ?
`` No meringue shoulders - that 's a little bit out of fashion - maybe it 's in fashion now ? We 'll see what happens . ''
Eugenie revealed the Queen , her grandmother , was among the first to know of her engagement before it was made public .
She told The One Show : `` Granny actually knew right at the beginning , she was one of the very few people at the beginning , we left her this weekend and had a lovely time and she was very happy , as was my grandfather . ''
Most sexual assault cases are never reported to police and of those that are , less than 20 percent are actually prosecuted according to law enforcement data.The relative few that make it to court , play out much like the case against alleged serial rapist Marc Winner , now underway in Cook County . Winner 's legal team claims the alleged victim was a willing participant in a night of romance ; and suggests her accusation of sexual assault was generated by cocaine and alcohol.Winner allegedly attacked a former employee of his West Loop tanning salon in July 2009 . Prosecutors say the victim , named J.B. in court proceedings , had been out with girlfriends when she ran into her ex-boss.Tuesday on the witness stand was a Chicago police officer who first encountered J.B. on the night of the alleged sexual assault. '' J.B . was very distressed , ah , crying and very upset , '' said CPD patrolman William Colon . `` She said I was raped , '' by Winner , according to Colon.Prosecutors asked several witnesses on Tuesday whether J.B. appeared intoxicated from drinking that evening or cocaine she consumed that was provided by Winner.All said no , as government attorneys tried to establish that her accusation of rape was not fueled by alcohol or drugs.Winner 's attorneys pressed prosecution witnesses , from police to doctors , about the alleged victim 's state of mind and her sobriety after drinking and using cocaine.In a feisty exchange , Winner 's lead attorney Steven Weinberg cross-examined the emergency room doctor who examined J.B.Weinberg asked Dr. Samuel Hayward , who was then working at UIC hospital , about the effects of cocaine . `` Certainly can lead to feelings of restlessness , correct ? '' asked Weinberg.It `` can '' replied Hayward tersely . `` And it can lead to angry outbursts ... to paranoia '' Weinberg said . `` It could '' replied Hayward.And then Weinberg asked if `` it affects one 's ability to perceive ? '' and whether `` perceptions get altered from drugs and cocaine ? `` Hayward replied that both are true.That exchange seemed to firm up what is becoming a prime tactic for the defense : build a picture of the victim as being under the influence the night of the alleged attack.Why a 2009 rape case is being prosecuted just now came into focus on Tuesday . The Chicago police detective assigned to the Winner investigation admitted she never followed up on DNA testing results from the state , highlighting archaic Illinois State Police communications with Chicago P.D . that resulted in Winner not being arrested for four years and the case not coming to trial for eight.The trial continues on Wednesday and Winner himself could take the stand on Thursday , with closing arguments as early as Friday.The ABC7 I-Team is recording audio of the courtroom proceedings and that is part of our continuing coverage of the Winner case .
Sheamus has a message for Celtic as they seek Sco
Robert Lewandowski fit and raring to go against R
Wes Morgan back in Leicester training ahead of At
Steward gives not so thorough searches at Tottenh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger has made six changes ahead of Arsenal 's Premier League clash with Middlesbrough .
The Arsenal boss has dropped Spanish right-back Hector Bellerin for the trip to the Riverside and switched to a back three .
Wenger will also start both Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud up front as he looks to put a stop to Arsenal 's horrendous away form .
And Wales international Aaron Ramsey is set to start in the middle alongside Swiss hard man Granit Xhaka .
( Photo : Stuart MacFarlane )
( Photo : Getty )
Defender Rob Holding is set for his fourth league appearance .
While Petr Cech , who has been suffering with a calf strain , gives the Gunners a huge boost by returning between the sticks .
Laurent Koscielny , who was out with an Achilles injury , is also back in the team .
( Photo : Mike Hewitt )
( Photo : REUTERS )
The Gunners have lost their last four matches on the road for the first time under Wenger and currently sit seventh in the table , ten points from the Champions League places .
Silica Aerogel Market
Silica Aerogel Market Overview :
Silica Aerogel Market Research is an intelligence report with meticulous efforts undertaken to study the right and valuable information . The data which has been looked upon is done considering both , the existing top players and the upcoming competitors . Business strategies of the key players and the new entering market industries are studied in detail . Well explained SWOT analysis , revenue share and contact information are shared in this report analysis .
Silica Aerogel are a synthetic ultra-light material derived from gel , where the liquid component of the gel is replaced with gas . Aerogel can be of many types such as silicon , carbon , and polymers among others . Silica aerogels are most extensively used , which are derived by a modified stober process . Silica aerogel possesses a number of properties such as enhanced thermal insulation , cost-effective , and recyclable . Therefore , it is used in many end-user industries such as oil & gas , building insulation , aerospace & defence , and transportation .
Get Sample Copy of This Report Now @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/884
Silica Aerogel Market Insight :
Silica Aerogel Market growing industrialization and urbanization in the developing regions across the globe is expected to boost the market growth during the forecast period . Moreover , the growing energy demand has boosted the oil and gas sector , which , in turn , is adding to the growth of the market . The global silica aerogel is expected to grow at an expanding CAGR on account of increasing application of silica aerogel in the energy sector .
The oil and gas segment dominated the global market in 2016 and is expected to continue the dominating over the forecast period 2017-2023 . Excellent thermal insulations properties of silica aerogel facilitate its use in the oil and gas industry .
Data integration and capabilities are analyzed to support the findings and study the predicted geographical segmentations . Various key variables and regression models were considered to calculate the trajectory of silica aerogel market . Detailed analysis is explained and given importance to with best working models .
Geographically , the segmentation is done into several key regions like North America , Middle East & Africa , Asia Pacific , Europe and Latin America . The production , consumption , revenue , shares in mill UDS , growth rate of silica aerogel market during the forecast period of 2017 to 2023 is well explained .
The ongoing market trends of silica aerogel market and the key factors impacting the growth prospects are elucidated . With increase in the trend , the factors affecting the trend are mentioned with perfect reasons . Top manufactures , price , revenue , market share are explained to give a depth of idea on the competitive side .
Silica Aerogel Market Key Players :
Silica Aerogel Market are BASF SE ( Germany ) , The Dow Chemical Company ( U.S. ) , Cabot Corporation ( U.S. ) , Aspen Aerogels Inc. ( U.S ) , Aerogel Technologies ( U.S. ) , JIOS Aerogel Corporation ( Korea ) , Svenska Aerogel Holding AB ( Sweden ) , CF Technologies ( U.S. ) , and Ocellus Inc ( U.S. ) among others .
If You Have Query , Inquire @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/884
Silica Aerogel Market Regional Analysis :
Silica Aerogel Market is segmented across five regions : Europe , Latin America , Asia Pacific , North America , and the Middle East & Africa . Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market . North America is the second leading region across globe , which is closely followed by Europe . The North American silica aerogel market is expected grow at an expanding CAGR during the forecast period owing to the growing oil and gas activities post the shale gas boom . Silica aerogel is extensively used in the oil and gas industry in refineries , gas processing plants , and subsea piping . Moreover , the developed building and construction , and the automobile sectors are likely to contribute to the growth of the market during the forecast years . Asia Pacific is expected to grow at a considerable CAGR during the review period . The rapid industrialization in the developing regions has augmented the use of silica aerogel in a wide range of applications such as oil & gas , automotive , and building insulation among others . The growing population mainly in India and China has boosted the oil and gas activities , which in turn , fuelled the demand for silica aerogel .
Silica Aerogel Market Segmental Analysis :
Silica Aerogel Market is segmented into form and end-use industry . On the basis of the form , the market is segmented into blanket , monolith , panel , and others . On the basis of the application , the market is further bifurcated into oil & gas , building insulation , industrial insulation , automotive , aerospace , and others .
Silica Aerogel Market Geographical Analysis :
The report covers brief analysis of the major geographic regions namely Asia Pacific , Europe , North America , Latin America , and the Middle East & Africa .
Silica Aerogel Market Intended Audience :
Silica aerogel market manufacturers
Traders and Distributors of Silica aerogel market
Production Process Industries
Potential Investors
Raw Material Suppliers
Nationalized Laboratory
Silica Aerogel Market Table of Content :
1 Executive Summary
2 Scope of the Report
2.1 Market Definition
2.2 Scope of the Study
2.2.1 Research Objectives
2.2.2 Assumptions & Limitations
2.3 Markets Structure
3 Market Research Methodology
3.1 Research Process
3.2 Secondary Research
3.3 Primary Research
3.4 Forecast Model
4 Market Landscape
4.1 Porter 's Five Forces Analysis
4.1.1 Threat of New Entrants
4.1.2 Bargaining Power of Buyers
4.1.3 Threat of Substitutes
4.1.4 Segment Rivalry
4.2 Value Chain/Supply Chain of Global Silica Aerogel Market
5 Industry Overviews of Global Silica Aerogel Market
5.1 Introduction
5.2 Growth Drivers
5.3 Impact Analysis
5.4 Market Challenges
Silica Aerogel Market Table of Content to be Continue…… ,
Request Brochure of Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/silica-aerogel-market-884
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients . Our market research studies by products , services , technologies , applications , end users , and market players for global , regional , and country level market segments , enable our clients to see more , know more , and do more , which help to answer all their most important questions .
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry , MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members .
Contact :
Market Research Future
Office No . 528 , Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar ,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
+1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CORONADO , Calif. – A group of documentary filmmakers say the man responsible for the infamous D.B . Cooper hijacking in 1971 is a 73-year-old Vietnam veteran who lives in Coronado .
They say his name is Robert W Rackstraw and he has a yacht named `` Poverty Sucks '' docked in Coronado .
Filmmaker Tom Colbert and his team held a news conference Thursday in front of FBI headquarters in Washington , D.C. , to share their evidence . They claimed that the FBI wo n't reopen the investigation because agents are embarrassed that they were unable to solve the crime decades ago .
Rackstraw 's name has surfaced before as a suspect , and he has never admitted responsibility for the hijacking .
`` They say that I 'm him , '' the 73-year-old told the San Jose Mercury News last year . `` If you want to believe it , believe it . '' Last summer , the FBI formally closed its investigation into the hijacking .
Rackstraw is a former Army paratrooper , one of the many reasons Colbert 's team has long focused on him . In the 1971 letter , the hijacker says he used face putty to disguise himself , which could explain why Rackstraw , who was in his 20s at the time , could have resembled the middle-aged hijacker depicted in the famous artist 's sketch of Cooper .
The documentarians have been looking at the case for years , combing over mountains of paperwork connected to the case . They argue that Rackstraw hijacked a Boeing 727 aircraft in November 1971 and forced it to land in Seattle , claiming he had a bomb . He released all the passengers after authorities gave him $ 200,000 . The plane took off again , and the hijacker forced the crew into the cockpit and when the plane was at about 10,000 feet , he opened the door and bailed out . Weeks later , he sent letters to several newspapers , challenging the FBI and CIA to try to catch him .
The filmmakers contacted one of Rackstraw 's former Vietnam War comrades who deciphered some cryptic codes that were written at the bottom of the letters . They believe the codes point to Rackstraw 's initials , the Army 's Special Warfare School where he attended and one of his military units .
Despite this newly revealed evidence , Robert Rackstraw has denied that he is Cooper . The filmmakers even offered him $ 20,000 to talk about his life story , but he declined .
A look at Harry Redknapp 's career so far
Pringles advert reveals the right way to eat them
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A giant shipworm has been found alive for the first time in the Philippines .
The mud-dwelling creature , which is black and fleshy in appearance , spends its life encased in a shell and feeds on marine sediment .
Though its existence has been recognised for more than 200 years , no living one has been analysed until now .
Details of the giant shipworm , which can grow up to 5ft in length , were published in US science journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America ( PNAS ) .
( Photo : University of Utah Health )
Five specimens were collected in Mindanao in a former pond before they were taken to the University of the Philippines where they were dissected .
Footage captured by researchers showed experts carefully shaking the slimy worm from its hard case before it snakes out onto a table .
Described as a `` rare and enigmatic species '' , the giant shipworm is a mollusc and is known to be the longest living bivalve known to man .
( Photo : University of Utah Health )
Unlike other members of the shipworm family , whose members feed on and burrow in wood and are much smaller , the giant species feeds on mud and marine sediment using a type of bacteria .
Scientists say its habits , habitat , life history and anatomy are yet to be fully explained .
Daniel Distel , from the Ocean Genome Legacy Center at Northeastern University in Boston , told New Scientist , he had been looking for the shipworm for two decades .
He said : `` It 's hard not to be amazed when seeing one in the flesh , even if you know nothing about them .
`` There is no other animal like them . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Alfie Evans suffers from a severe brain condition - which doctors say is `` relentless and progressive '' and has caused significant brain damage .
But while the devastating disease has resulted in `` catastrophic degradation '' of the 23-month-old 's brain tissue , it largely remains a mystery .
The condition does not have a name , leading a judge to suggest it may one day be named after the sick toddler , the Liverpool Echo reports .
In February , the High Court , sitting at Liverpool Family and Civil Court , heard many hours of evidence about the undiagnosed abnormality .
For live updates on Alfie , click here
( Image : Liverpool Echo )
So what do we know about the condition ?
And why has it been so tricky to diagnose ?
You can find out below - as little Alfie continues to cling to life in hospital more than 11 hours after his dad claims his life support was turned off .
What is wrong with Alfie ?
Alfie , born in Liverpool in May 2016 , has a progressive neuro-degenerative disease associated with severe epilepsy .
Children with neuro-degenerative diseases are often born with no symptoms of these diseases and appear perfectly healthy .
But over time , symptoms of the disease develop as vital nerve tissue is destroyed .
( Image : Facebook )
Those affected will gradually lose the ability to eat , smile , communicate , swallow and breathe .
The vast majority of neuro-degenerative diseases are irreversible and have no treatment or cure .
What has happened to Alfie 's brain ?
In simple terms , the vast majority of white matter in Alfie 's brain has been wiped out , the Echo reports .
Alder Hey Children 's Hospital in Liverpool says the toddler has suffered “ catastrophic degradation of his brain tissue ” over time .
Doctors say he has suffered significant brain damage because of a progressive , degenerative condition that has left his brain mostly as water and spinal fluid .
A judge said a brain scan as early as November 2016 showed the little boy 's brain was “ not right ” .
( Image : Facebook )
Since then , “ destructive ” changes have destroyed the pathways which regulate the vital “ control structure ” in the brain - responsible for processing any information , from touch to sound to taste to smell .
Experts say it has also affected the area responsible for being awake and responsive .
The most recent scan referred to in court showed that only around 30 per cent of the white matter , “ or perhaps less ” , remained in Alfie 's brain .
How has his brain changed over time ?
An initial brain scan in November 2016 showed some white matter abnormality , which has continued to progress .
An initial EEG – a “ brainwave test ” – showed Alfie was suffering from infantile spasms , a particular type of seizure that can occur in the first year of life .
An expert said more recent EEGs showed there was now “ nothing happening ” in terms of Alfie 's brainwaves between seizures .
She said this showed the cortex of his brain was not functioning other than to produce seizures . The cortex is behind many of our key bodily functions , including thinking and awareness .
Another doctor who gave evidence during the court case said recent images showed an increase in water content and a reduction in fatty tissues .
Could Alfie 's brain recover ?
Doctors who gave evidence during the court case said Alfie 's brain had continued to deteriorate and his underlying neurological , degenerative disease had progressed .
They said they did not believe there was any chance of recovery .
Alfie 's dad Tom Evans , 21 , has questioned whether nerve cells in his brain could recover if the destructive process slows down .
But experts told the court case brain tissue can not regenerate and once nerve cells are destroyed , they are gone .
One Alder Hey witness said in his opinion the areas of Alfie 's brain showing some function will stop functioning and will not improve .
( Image : Instagram )
Why does Alfie have seizures and appear to respond to touch if his brain is being destroyed ?
Doctors who were asked about this during the court case say Alfie 's brain does not have the ability to transmit any meaningful information , even if neurones are capable of generating them .
Alfie 's family see videos of him appearing to respond to touch as vital evidence that his life support must not be removed .
Experts called by Alder Hey say these are “ reflex ” movements in response to stimulation .
One said these involuntary responses were generated by brain stem tissue and can happen any time as an “ auto-pilot response ” .
What about people with brain conditions who do recover ?
In some cases when part of the brain is damaged , other areas of the brain can take over the functions .
This is particularly true in young brains , and even more so in babies .
But in Alfie 's case , doctors said this only applied when issues are limited to certain areas of the brain - whereas his whole brain is affected .
They say this means it is impossible to perceive any other areas – which are equally injured or non-functioning – taking over any of these functions .
( Image : Facebook )
Why has n't the condition been diagnosed ?
Genetic testing and other medical investigations have taken place , but doctors have not been able to confirm the specific condition or type of neuro-degenerative condition Alfie has .
Medical experts from Alder Hey and other hospitals , both in the UK and abroad , believe it is irreversible and untreatable .
A doctor giving evidence during the court case said he had seen similar “ patterns ” of decline in other patient 's brains , but not at Alfie 's age or with such severity .
Although supporters still hope the condition can be formally diagnosed , Alder Hey say this would not help identify any additional treatment that would reverse his symptoms or make Alfie better .
They say he has remained unresponsive to every available treatment .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Alfie 'breathing unassisted after life support switched off '
This morning , Alfie 's dad claimed his son was breathing unassisted and `` still alive '' - hours after his life support was reportedly turned off .
Speaking to reporters outside Alder Hey this morning , Tom said : `` For nine hours Alfie 's been breathing for now . He 's still breathing now . ''
He added : `` It 's come to a point when his mum 's actually asleep next to him so she can go to sleep , she feels comfortable with him . ''
The father later took to Facebook to say his son is `` still alive '' following more than 10 `` horrendous '' , `` scary '' and `` heartbreaking '' hours .
Tom 's emotional comments came after a `` last-ditch appeal '' by him and Alfie 's mum , Kate James , was dismissed by a High Court judge .
Mr Justice Hayden said doctors at the hospital could stop providing life-support treatment to the youngster .
ZURICH ( AP ) - FIFA has dropped referee Fahad Al Mirdasi from the World Cup after he was banned from football for life in Saudi Arabia over match fixing .
The Saudi Arabian Football Federation said two weeks ago that Fahad Al Mirdasi asked for money to help a team win a cup final .
Now FIFA says its referees ' committee has decided that his conditions to be selected for the World Cup in Russia `` are not satisfied anymore . ''
As a result , the entire Saudi refereeing team has been removed from the tournament , including two assistants .
FIFA says Al Mirdasi wo n't be directly replaced . Instead , the governing body will take two additional assistant referees from the United Arab Emirates and Japan .
© Esam Omran Al-Fetori / Reuters
CELTIC SLUMPED TO their second league defeat of the season as Youssouf Mulumbu 's strike secured Kilmarnock a shock 1-0 win over the reigning Scottish champions at Rugby Park today .
The Congolese midfielder struck in the 70th minute to help the home side end a 16-game winless run against the Glasgow giants , whose only previous domestic defeat under Brendan Rodgers came in December against Hearts .
It is Kilmarnock 's first win over the Hoops since October 2012 and comes just a month after they recorded a 2-1 win over Celtic 's Old Firm rivals Rangers at the same venue .
The Hoops were 27 points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership at this stage last season but Aberdeen could reduce their 11-point lead at the top of the table if they avoid defeat to Hamilton Academical at Pittodrie later .
“ Defensively we were a bit passive at times and then with the ball , with so much talent on the field , we did n't create a great deal either , ” said a disappointed Rodgers .
“ We can blame injuries and look at the pitch but the bottom line was we were n't so good today . ”
Kilmarnock manager Steve Clarke was delighted to see his side record their fifth successive home victory .
“ It was a great performance from the team . Everybody made their contribution , ” said the former West Bromwich Albion manager .
“ I said we would have to play almost a perfect game and I think we managed to achieve that . ”
- © AFP 2018
What the papers say
Arsenal are making a last push to keep Mesut Ozil , the Mirror reports . The paper says Arsene Wenger is still hoping a new round of negotiations will persuade the 29-year-old Germany star to stay at the club . Manchester United and Barcelona are both said to be interested in Ozil , who is free to sign a pre-contract with foreign clubs from January 1 .
Chelsea are looking to entice Everton and England midfielder Ross Barkley to Stamford Bridge , according to the Daily Mail . The paper says the club are preparing another bid for the 24-year-old , who snubbed the Premier League champions on deadline day in August as he wanted to move to Tottenham . Spurs did not make a move at the time as Barkley was facing months out with a hamstring injury but could still be interested , the paper reports .
Crystal Palace are reportedly confident of signing goalkeeper Diego Lopez . According to the Mirror , Roy Hodgson is keen to agree a deal with the 36-year-old Espanyol player , with Julian Speroni and Wayne Hennessey his current options .
Liverpool 's Daniel Sturridge is considering a move abroad in the January transfer window , the Daily Mail says . The England international is reportedly open to the chance to play in Europe , with clubs such as Real Betis and Valencia said to be particularly keen .
3 points secured ! ! 💯th goal alert . Thank you Jesus for the blessings ❤️ pic.twitter.com/i3xhJJaBHq — Daniel Sturridge ( @ DanielSturridge ) October 28 , 2017
Newcastle target Kiko Casilla could be leaving Real Madrid in January . Reports in Spain suggest the goalkeeper has been deemed surplus to requirements , with clubs made aware of his availability next month . Newcastle are said to be on high alert and are keen on signing the 31-year-old .
Social media round-up
@ BBCSport : Olivier Giroud to Everton or West Ham ? The papers say he 's willing to leave Arsenal to boost his World Cup hopes .
Olivier Giroud has now scored 10 goals in the 80th minute or later in 2017 Well played , @ _OlivierGiroud_ 👏 # SFCvAFC pic.twitter.com/S4OCDpFa4I — Arsenal FC ( @ Arsenal ) December 10 , 2017
@ DailyStar_Sport : Real Madrid to offer player plus cash to sign Liverpool star Mohamed Salah .
Players to watch
Thibaut Courtois : Real Madrid will make a decision on whether to sign the Chelsea goalkeeper this month , according to the Daily Telegraph . Reports in Spain say Real Madrid are close to agreeing a deal to sign Athletic Bilbao 's Kepa Arrizabalaga in the January transfer window instead of waiting until the summer to bid for Courtois . The paper says the decision could give Chelsea a boost in persuading Courtois to sign a new contract at the club after talks of a new deal stalled amid the interest from Real .
Not the result we hoped for , heads up and back to it on Tuesday ! # cfc 💙 A post shared by Thibaut Courtois ( @ thibautcourtois ) on Dec 9 , 2017 at 12:13pm PST
Philipp Max : Chelsea scouts were eyeing up the 24-year-old left-back at Augsburg 's 1-1 draw with Hertha Berlin on Sunday night , the Daily Mail reports . Manchester United are also said to have sent scouts to the game , with Tottenham and Everton having reportedly watched the young defender in recent weeks .
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use . This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy ( collectively , “ the sites ” ) . This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy .
By continuing to browse or use our sites , you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy .
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites , to the extent you agree . The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites . This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites . The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies .
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone , tablet , computer , or other devices ( collectively `` devices '' ) that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites . Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests , to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites , protect the sites , and to process any requests that you make to us .
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes , zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users . These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience , manage our site content , and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites .
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time ( e.g. , cookies placed by zeenews.india.com )
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party . For example , if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted . Likewise , if you share any content on this website through social networks ( for example by clicking a Facebook “ like ” button or a “ Tweet ” button ) you may be sent cookies from these websites . We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them .
We use the following types of cookies :
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites . This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site .
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes . We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above .
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser . However , if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites . Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies , our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites .
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above . In any event , such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies .
We categorize cookies as follows :
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features . Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like . These cookies , for example , let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content . They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites .
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing . For example , these cookies track what content are most frequently visited , your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from . If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites , these cookies may be correlated to you .
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make . These cookies permit us to `` remember you ” in-between visits . For instance , we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services , for example by adjusting text size , fonts , languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable , and provide you with the same customizations during future visits .
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising . We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above , including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites . The third-party service providers that generate these cookies , such as , social media platforms , have their own privacy policies , and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites , based on your visit to our sites .
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies ?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device , you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device . For further information about how to do so , please refer to your browser ‘ help ' / ‘ tool ' or ‘ edit ' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome , Safari , Mozilla Firefox etc .
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies ( including strictly necessary Cookies ) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites .
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies , you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings . However , this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above .
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies , please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States .
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy , please contact us at :
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information , please email us at response @ zeemedia.esselgroup.com .
WORCESTER , MA -The use of antipsychotic medication in nearly 100 Massachusetts nursing homes was significantly reduced when staff was trained to recognize challenging behaviors of cognitively impaired residents as communication of their unmet needs , according to a new study led by Jennifer Tjia , MD , MSCE , associate professor of quantitative health sciences . Results of the study were published in JAMA Internal Medicine on April 17 .
`` This is the largest study to show that it is possible to reduce antipsychotic use in the nursing home population , '' said Dr. Tjia . `` This intervention focused on treating the residents as human beings with needs , not as patients with problems . We do n't medicate babies when they cry or act out , because we assume that they have a need that we need to address . However , when people with dementia are unable to communicate , the current approach medicates them when they have undesirable behaviors . ''
The off-label prescription of antipsychotics for nursing home residents with dementia is common , despite numerous studies that have shown it increases risk of stroke and death and is only minimally effective in controlling behavioral symptoms of dementia .
Tjia studied the influence of a communication training program called `` OASIS '' for nursing home staff on off-label antipsychotic use . The OASIS curriculum and training -- launched by the Massachusetts Senior Care Association in collaboration with the Massachusetts Department of Health and developed by Susan Wehry , MD , -- equips frontline nursing home staff , such as nursing assistants , nurses , dietary staff and receptionists , with the knowledge , skills and attitudes to meet the needs of residents with dementia using nonpharmacologic approaches rather than medication . Ironically , the program reached very few prescribers , but was still able to significantly reduce antipsychotic use .
`` The OASIS program asks nursing staff to create care plans that include what residents can do , shifting away from the model that focuses on what they ca n't do , '' Tjia said . `` This is a fundamental shift in how to think about caring for persons with dementia and we showed that it is effective . ''
This study examined the rate of off-label antipsychotic use in 93 Massachusetts nursing homes enrolled in the OASIS intervention from 2011 to 2013 , compared to 831 nursing homes in Massachusetts and New York who were not using that program , ( although some were using a different reduction program . ) Among OASIS facilities , the prevalence of antipsychotic prescriptions was cut from 34 to 27 percent after nine months , a 7 percent drop . At the comparative facilities , the prevalence of those drugs was cut from 23 to 19 percent ; a 4 percent drop . No increases in other psychotropic medicine or behavioral disturbances were observed . Over the maintenance period of the intervention , however , the decreases did not continue .
`` Since 1987 , no fewer than 11 controlled studies have been published that report varying efficacy in reducing antipsychotics in nursing homes using a variety of approaches . The largest successful intervention enrolled 12 nursing homes ; however it was time and resource intensive . In contrast , the OASIS program reached almost 100 nursing homes , and was effective , '' Tjia said .
Tjia said nursing homes using the OASIS program need to reinforce training periodically to maintain success at reducing the rate of antipsychotics .
# # #
About the University of Massachusetts Medical School
The University of Massachusetts Medical School ( UMMS ) , one of five campuses of the University system , is comprised of the School of Medicine , the Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences , the Graduate School of Nursing , a thriving research enterprise and an innovative public service initiative , Commonwealth Medicine . Its mission is to advance the health of the people of the Commonwealth through pioneering education , research , public service and health care delivery with its clinical partner , UMass Memorial Health Care . In doing so , it has built a reputation as a world-class research institution and as a leader in primary care education . The Medical School attracts more than $ 266 million annually in research funding , placing it among the top 50 medical schools in the nation . In 2006 , UMMS 's Craig C. Mello , PhD , Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator and the Blais University Chair in Molecular Medicine , was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , along with colleague Andrew Z . Fire , PhD , of Stanford University , for their discoveries related to RNA interference ( RNAi ) . The 2013 opening of the Albert Sherman Center ushered in a new era of biomedical research and education on campus . Designed to maximize collaboration across fields , the Sherman Center is home to scientists pursuing novel research in emerging scientific fields with the goal of translating new discoveries into innovative therapies for human diseases .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Apple 's next iPhone could copy one of the Samsung Galaxy S8 's signature features , according to a new report .
Frequent Weibo leaker KK has shared renderings of what appears to be an iPhone 8 with a curved screen that covers the entire front of the device .
An accompanying dimensional drawing shows that the bezel around the edge of the display is only 4mm thick , with the curved glass on either side of the screen accounting for 2.577mm of that width .
The device itself measures 137.54 x 67.54 mm , which is roughly the same size as the iPhone 7 , but the screen is 5.768 inches diagonally - almost identical to the Galaxy S8 .
( Photo : ifanr.com )
This suggests that it might share the Galaxy S8 's unusual 18.5:9 aspect ratio , although the images do not confirm this .
The drawing shows a narrow earpiece at the top of the screen , with the selfie camera , microphone and other sensors on either side .
The renderings suggest that these components will all be concealed below the glass , although it is unclear how this would work in reality .
( Photo : Daily Mirror / Sophie Curtis )
With the display filling the entire front of the device , there is no dedicated Home button and no visible Touch ID sensor .
Apple is rumoured to be trying to build Touch ID into the iPhone 's display , but the company is reportedly struggling to perfect the technology , so it could resort to putting the sensor on the rear of the device .
One of the renderings shows the back of the phone with a new vertical dual camera setup , but no obvious dedicated Touch ID sensor
( Photo : ifanr.com )
The veracity of the new images can not be confirmed , but KK has on several occasions shared accurate details about previous devices , according to MacRumours .
iDrop News and Benjamin Geskin posted their own mockups a few days ago , showing a very similar design .
KK suggests that the new iPhone could be called the iPhone 8 , or alternatively the iPhone X or iPhone Edition .
( Photo : ifanr.com )
Apple is not expected to unveil its next iPhone until September , so even if the renders are accurate , the design could still change before then .
However , given the praise that the Samsung 's Galaxy S8 display has been met with so far , it would be unsurprising if Apple went down a similar route with its next iPhone .
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Diego Costa is prepared to stay in Brazil for an entire season without pay as he holds out for a dream switch to Atletico Madrid .
The Chelsea striker said he has not reported for training as he does not want to train with the Blues ' reserves , and is happy staying in Brazil and paying club fines until his future is resolved .
Costa hopes to sort his future out quickly but is prepared to miss a year of playing rather than move somewhere other than Atletico , who are under a transfer embargo until January .
He told the Daily Mail : `` My desire is to go to Atletico . I have rejected other offers . They want to sell me to China or other teams . If I 'm off , I 'm going to the club I want to go to , not the club that 's paying the most .
`` I am open to being a year in Brazil without playing , even if Chelsea fine me for a year and do n't pay me . I 'll come back stronger . If I was in the wrong , I 'd go back now and do as they say . ''
( Image : REUTERS )
Costa has slammed Chelsea 's treatment of him this summer and said he is `` not a criminal '' as he holds out for a move to Atletico Madrid .
The 28-year-old , who claims he was told he was not wanted by manager Antonio Conte via text message in the summer , has yet to leave the club but did not return from his post-season break .
Costa said he was happy at Stamford Bridge until Conte made it clear he had no future in the Italian 's team , and now wants to rejoin the club he left to join Chelsea in 2014 .
`` I am waiting for Chelsea to set me free . I did n't want to leave . I was happy . When the manager does not want you , you have to go , '' he said .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
`` In January , things happened with the coach . I was on the brink of renewing my contract and they put the brakes on it . I suspect the manager was behind it .
`` They gave me a week extra off but since then it 's fines all the way . They want me training with the reserves . I am not going to do that .
`` I am not a criminal and I am not in the wrong here . So , if they need to fine me , let them fine me . ''
( Image : Getty )
Costa , who said he feels Conte `` does n't possess charisma '' , was angry with how he was told to leave .
He added : `` There are ways of going about it . You do n't do it by text message . You should be honest and direct to someone 's face . ''
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester City will make a huge bid for Alexis Sanchez before the transfer window shuts .
They are ready to test Arsenal 's resolve to keep Sanchez with a mega offer in excess of £50m as they have not given up on signing the Chile star .
Gunners boss Arsene Wenger has insisted publicly they will not sell despite Sanchez only having one year left on his current deal .
Arsenal are also confident now that Sanchez will stay for the final year of his contract - and have not given up on him signing a new deal .
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
`` Leave Paris we need you vs Stoke '' : Arsenal fans go into meltdown after Alexis Sanchez accidentally tweets he is in French capital
But that will not deter City from making their move as they are long term admirers while Paris Saint Germain , Bayern Munich and Chelsea have all shown interest but gone cold .
Arsenal 's stance has certainly deterred interested clubs but City are not giving up with Pep Guardiola believing his finishing , power and ruthlessness in front of goal can make a huge impact .
City boss Guardiola believes they need more options in attack despite already having Sergio Aguero and Gabriel Jesus and a player who can finish off the chances they create .
( Image : PA Wire )
Sanchez has been demanding £400,000-a-week to sign a new deal and City would also be confident of being able to give him a bigger contract than Arsenal .
City have already spent £220m but are willing to deep even deeper for Sanchez .
Sanchez has missed the start of the campaign through injury but is expected to train this week and push to be involved against Stoke on Saturday .
Related Coverage 7 arrests made in Hartford following undercover prostitution operation
ANSONIA , Conn , ( WTNH ) – An 18-year-old from Ansonia is facing prostitution charges .
Officials say Ashley Tucker was charged with prostitution and arrested by the Ansonia Police Department on Monday .
According to officials , Tucker 's arrest was the completion of an investigation by the Ansonia Police Department 's Anti-Crime Unit based on numerous suspicious activity complaints involving Tucker on Beverly Drive .
Related Content : 7 arrests made in Hartford following undercover prostitution operation
Two other people were also arrested in association with this investigation , including Dominick Viggiano , 40 , and Sean Elumba , 43 . Each have been charged with Patronizing a Prostitute and were released on $ 500 bonds . Their court date is April 4 .
Tucker is being held at Derby Superior Court for arraignment .
Speech to Text for CASA has Christmas in July
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video . Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate .
organization . the court appointed special advocates for children -- or casa -- broke out the christmas trees today . kicking off their month long toy drive . they 'll be holding events all month to collect toys for the kids they advocate for . vigo county casa is seeing more kids this year than ever before . [ b17 ] casa-sotvo `` last year we advocated for 1,033 children . this year we 're at 900 and we 're only at july . so , we know that we 're gon na surpass that so , we know that santas gift bag is going to have to be really packed this year . '' the christmas trees can be found all over the vigo county annex . for more information on the toy drive ... visit our website -- w-t-h-i-t-v dot com one of the wabash valley 's
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Living legend Lionel Richie has announced a string of dates for this June to the delight of many fans .
The 'Hello ' singer will be performing at a number of venues he 's never been to before . So if you have n't been able to make it to be the big stadiums to see him before , now 's your chance to catch the Commadore .
He 'll be playing twelve venues starting in Northampton on the 1st June and finishing on the 24th June at Holkham nr Wells-next-the-Sea . General tickets go on sale at 10am on the February 2 from Ticketmaster .
Get tickets to Lionel Richies UK Tour here .
Lionel Richies 2018 UK Tour Dates
( Image : PA )
With a huge back catalogue of hits , Lionel Ritchies career has spanned decades , starting with his early yeas in the Commodores to the present day . Renowned for huge party huts and timeless love songs , he is famous for such classics as 'Hello ' , 'Dancing on the Ceiling ' , and 'All Night Long ' .
This will the first time he 's returned to the UK since 2015 , for the first part of his 'All the Hits ' tour which included three nights at London 's O2 and an iconic Glastonbury set which saw an amazing 200,000 people descend on the Pyramid stage to catch the icon .
( Image : Redferns )
Speaking about his return Lionel Richie said : “ I 've been missing the UK and ca n't wait to make my long awaited return and to see parts of the country I 've never made it out to before . The fans are always incredible and they make the atmosphere at every show electric , so I look forward to singing along with them soon . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A teenager has caused outrage after using a `` racist '' homemade sign to ask his girlfriend to their school prom .
The 18-year-old has been heavily criticised after a photo of him smiling and holding up the sign was shared online .
The picture shows the young man standing outside holding a large piece of card which says : `` If I was black , I 'd be picking cotton , but I 'm white , so I 'm picking u 4 proms . ''
MirrorOnline has chosen to blur the identity of the student .
The teen , who lives in Florida , is being investigated by his school and his parents have been informed , reports the Herald-Tribute .
( Image : Facebook )
The picture was originally shared on Snapchat but it was screenshotted and has now been shared widely on social media .
A spokesman told the Herald-Tribute : `` The was racial in nature .
`` Many who saw the post are understandably upset with its contents as well as the subsequent commentary to the post .
`` [ The school ] absolutely does not condone or support the message conveyed in this post . ''
Many people are outraged by the sign and have taken to social media to voice their anger .
One Twitter user wrote : `` He seems to not know about America 's history . RACISM IS A PROBLEM . definitely should not be allowed to go to prom ! ! ''
Another added : `` Racist kid does n't deserve to go to Prom or graduation because obviously he 's not educated . ''
One replied : `` You know how much hate you got ta have for black people to do this . Like how are you sitting at home , thinking of ways to ask a girl to prom and the first thing you think is : 'Hmmmm I could ask a girl to prom by being racist , that 's a great idea ' . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Flames are STILL visible at the Grenfell Tower block - almost 24 hours after the devastating fire began .
Hundreds of firefighters have been tackling the blaze which broke out in west London just before 1am on Wednesday .
The death toll stands at 12 so far , but grim-faced fire bosses have said they expect that to increase .
In horrific scenes reminiscent of 9/11 , firefighters raced up stairwells filled in smoke in a desperate bid to rescue people .
More than 70 are in hospital , with 18 in critical care , in what could become one of the deadliest fires in British history .
The Prime Minister Theresa May has launched an urgent investigation to find out what happened amid claims warnings form residents over fire safety were ignored .
Grenfell Tower block fire : Live updates as fears grow for missing tenants after 12 people confirmed dead - and number set to rise
( Photo : John Nguyen/JNVisuals )
Mrs May promised that if any lessons are to be learned they will be , and `` action will be taken '' .
She also paid tribute to the efforts of the emergency services and said support should be given to the hundreds affected by the fire .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
( Photo : PA )
Speaking from Downing Street she said : `` There are people tonight who have no home to go to , they have lost absolutely everything , so our focus must be on support to them .
`` In due course , when the scene is secure , when it 's possible to identify the cause of this fire , then of course there will be proper investigation and if there are any lessons to be learnt they will be , and action will be taken . ''
Council 'penny pinching and accepting lowest bid for work ' blamed for Grenfell Tower blaze by former borough worker
( Photo : Getty )
( Photo : AFP )
( Photo : SWNS.com )
Earlier on Wednesday , Police and Fire Minister Nick Hurd chaired a meeting of the Civil Contingencies Secretariat to co-ordinate the response to the disaster , and the Government said it was ready to assist `` as necessary '' .
Mrs May said it was `` impossible to comprehend the horror '' of what the victims of the fire have gone through .
The tragedy comes little more than a week after Londoners stood defiant in the wake of the London Bridge terror attack , and Mrs May applauded the `` incredible bravery '' of the emergency services and the reaction of those who helped those caught up in the fire .
( Photo : Rex Features )
( Photo : SWNS.com )
She said : `` The response of people living nearby who provided help , compassion and support has I think once again shown the fantastic spirit of London .
`` Earlier today I ordered a cross-government meeting to ensure that every assistance was being given to manage the emergency service response and that group will meet again tomorrow . ''
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It was agreed at the meeting of the Civil Contingencies Secretariat that further checks would be carried out on similar tower blocks .
But Mrs May refused to comment on whether such checks should have been carried out before , or claims that the Government has failed to bring in tougher regulations promised last year .
And she said that while she is `` continuing to have talks '' with the DUP about a possible alliance , `` today there has been a real focus on this terrible tragedy that has taken place in London '' .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Lottie Moss will never join reality TV show Made in Chelsea , according to Georgia Toffolo .
The 19-year-old model is currently dating Alex Mytton , and she is also good friends with Georgia , as well as Frankie Gaff and Emily Blackwell who star on the E4 show , but the blonde beauty has no plans to join the programme .
Speaking about the possibility of the catwalk icon appearing in a future series , the blonde beauty - who is nicknamed Toff - said : `` I 'm good friends with Lottie and see her a lot , but she would never come on the show . ''
And the reality star has teased her new beau could feature in a forthcoming episode .
( Photo : Splash News )
( Photo : Splash News )
When asked about her love life and if she is dating anyone , she said : `` Yes . Keep on watching , because I ca n't say anything about him at the moment . ''
This season of Made in Chelsea has seen the arrival of newcomer Mimi and Georgia has admitted she has formed a close bond to the Canadian star because she is `` honest '' .
Georgia said : `` I 've made new girlfriends , which is really nice . I love Mimi .
( Photo : Splash )
`` [ We are ] really , really close . She 's honest , unlike some girls . She 's not shady and does n't go behind other girls ' backs .
`` She 's headstrong and very confident , which the other girls find intimidating . ''
( Photo : Splash )
And Georgia , who previously dated her co-star Francis Boulle briefly on the show , before he embarked on a brief romance with Olivia Bentley , has admitted she feels `` awkward '' when she sees her former flame .
Speaking about the 28-year-old television personality , the 22-year-old star told Star ! magazine : `` After a guy treats you like that you should stay clear . I do n't even talk to him , really . I say hi , but it 's awkward when we 're in the same room . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Enjoying the festive break means making sure you have everything you need to survive at least 48 hours with your nearest and dearest .
Inevitably there will come a time when you need to nip to the shops for some essentials - because no one wants to run out of booze on Boxing Day or New Year 's Eve .
So checking ahead to see when your local supermarket will be open is always a sensible plan of action .
Supermarket heavyweight Asda will be open throughout the festive period - only closing stores nationwide on Christmas Day . Shoppers can use our guide below or the store finder tool on Asda 's website to check when their local branch will be open .
Asda Christmas opening times
( Image : Bloomberg )
The ongoing internet shopping penetration in consumers is sowing a series of innovation in the market of corrugated packaging . Trends within corrugated packaging markets have clear relevance towards the consumption of corrugated board . These are ranging from high demand for electrical goods to the slowing demand for paper products along with inclination towards light-weight boards which are expected to witness growth erosion in this sector of the corrugated packaging market .
A recently published analysis report on the global corrugated packaging market by Research Report Insights ( RRI ) , titled “ Corrugated Packaging Market by 2020 , ” illustrates that the global market for corrugated packaging is predicted to expand at a CAGR of 4 % in the forecast period from 2014 to 2020 , to reach an expected value worth US $ 173.6 million in the year 2020 . The report takes into description of various recent developments influencing the market growth of corrugated packaging globally .
Report For Report Sample with Table of Contents @ https : //www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114749/Corrugated-Packaging-Market
In order to analyze the growth in market demand for corrugated packaging , the report has segmented the global market is segmented on the basis of application . Growing population along with rise in income is boosting production of industries across the globe , which in turn is swelling the no . of shipments . Due to low prices and easy handling , this kind of packaging is measured best for shipments through various industries . Based on application type , corrugated packaging can be used in several shapes viz . liner board , container board , sheets , and boxes while based on dimensions , corrugated packaging is fragmented as flute of type A , B , C , E , and F .
Key market drivers impacting the market growth of the corrugated packaging globally include budding end-user industries such as medicine , rubber , food , consumer durables , and petroleum . Profits related with corrugated packaging viz . lower cost and sustainability makes it primary mode preferred for packaging in several industries . Emerging markets proffer remarkable growth opportunities owing to rising population along with escalating product demand among consumer in this region . E-commerce industry is one of the primary growth driver due to packaging reliability of products in the global market for corrugated packaging .
Request For Report Discount @ https : //www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114749/Corrugated-Packaging-Market
However , certain factors including low durability as well as delayed growth of corrugated packaging in various end-user industries are restraining the market growth . In the competitive structure , the market is amalgamated over large no . of M & A which specifies strong market sustainability .
Some global leaders in corrugated packaging industry such Nine Dragons Paper , Smurfit Kappa Group , Georgia-Pacific Equity , Mondi Group , DS Smith Plc. , International Paper Company , Rock-Tenn Company , Lee & Man Paper Manufacturing , Oji Holdings Corporation and American Packaging Corporation , among others are aiming on emerging markets . These corporations are more inclined towards expansion of their presence in the market .
A regional overview of the global market for corrugated packaging mentioned in the report has classified the growth of the market into North America , APAC , Europe and rest of the world . Among these regions , boxes and corrugated packaging are chiefly manufactured in Japan , India , and China . In the North America region , the U.S. market is the major material producer of corrugated packaging , whereas UK , France , Spain , Germany , and Italy are projected to maintain its market dominance in the Europe region . However , Brazil and Turkey are the most prominent producers of corrugated packaging in the rest of the world .
Report Analysis @ https : //www.researchreportinsights.com/report/rd/110114749/Corrugated-Packaging-Market
About Us :
Research Report Insights ( RRI ) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm .
We deliver a host of services including custom research reports , syndicated research reports , and consulting services which are personalised in nature .
RRI delivers a complete packaged solution to clients ; this combines current market intelligence , technology inputs , statistical anecdotes ,
valuable growth insights , 360-degree view of the competitive framework , and anticipated market trends .
Our research services cover global as well as regional emerging markets such as BRICS , GCC , and ASEAN .
Our offerings cover a broad spectrum of verticals which include Oil and Gas , Chemicals , Materials , Energy , Technology , Automotive , and Retail .
The operating model of RRI blends cross-disciplinary research experience to deploy insightful , in-depth , and actionable research .
Contact Us :
Research Report Insights
42 joseph street ,
Portcarling P0B 1J0 ,
Muskoka , Ontario
T : +1-631-721-4201
Email : sales @ researchreportinsights.com
Web Site : http : //www.researchreportinsights.com
There are a lot of options to escape from a bad date , but this one might be the most shocking ! This woman has a diabolical strategy to get out of them , and its really… really awful . Find out in the second date update !
© PA
Shock as roof is blown off house in Yorkshire gas explosion
© PA
© PA
© Leicester Mercury
© PA
© Tom Mack/Leicester Mercury
© PA
© PA
© Chris Gordon/Leicester Mercury
© Leicester Mercury/BPM MEDIA
Emergency services respond to scene of gas blast
© Leicester Mercury
© Leicester Mercury
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Alder Hey has been forced to ask people to stop disturbing the general running of the children 's hospital by phoning up to ask how Alfie Evans is .
The terminally ill youngster 's life support was withdrawn last night , according to his father Tom Evans , and has now been breathing unassisted for around 11 hours .
But besides the army of Alfie 's supporters stationed outside the hospital , the phone has also been ringing off the hook .
`` Please be aware , out of respect for the privacy of Alfie and his family we will not be issuing any updates about his condition , '' said a spokesman for Alder Hey Children 's Hospital .
`` This is our normal and agreed practice with all our patients .
`` We would be grateful if you would respect this approach and not contact any hospital staff or call our switchboard seeking updates . ''
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
The hospital also warned families of sick children to be prepared to see a police presence at the hospital today .
`` We wish to reassure patients and families attending Alder Hey hospital today that we are operating as usual and that , although you will see a police presence , the hospital is calm . ''
Alfie has left doctors `` gobsmacked '' by fighting on after life-support was withdrawn , according to his father .
Tom Evans said it was obvious that the youngster was breathing unassisted `` within a few minutes '' of life-support being withdrawn on Monday night .
Earlier , a High Court judge had dismissed a `` last-ditch appeal '' by Mr Evans and Alfie 's mother , Kate James , to be given more time to mount a further challenge to a decision to end the 23-month-old 's treatment .
( Image : Andy Stenning daily mirror )
( Image : Daily Mirror )
Speaking outside Alder Hey Children 's Hospital in Liverpool on Tuesday morning , his father said Alfie 's life-support should be reinstated due to his remarkable progress .
`` He is still working , he 's doing as good as he can , '' he told reporters .
`` But we do need him to be supported ... in the next hour it 's going to be hard but we will need him to be supported in the next hour or two .
`` Because he 's been doing it for nine hours totally unexpected , the doctors are gobsmacked and I do believe he will need some form of life-support in the next couple of hours and I think he ought to be respected and given that . ''
Yesterday , the father had said doctors at Alder Hey were refusing to provide Alfie , who has an undiagnosed brain condition , with oxygen .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A great-gran celebrated her 100th birthday in the house she has lived in for the past century .
Elsie Allcock was born in an upstairs bedroom of the two-bed home and has no plans to leave .
She grew up there with her four older siblings and parents , who rented the property . Elsie then bought it in 1960 for £250 with the help of a council loan , following her parents ' deaths .
Recalling the Hall family 's early days at the house in Nottinghamshire , she said : “ My mother and father came to live in Huthwaite in 1900 when my sister Emma was two years old .
( Image : SWNS )
( Image : SWNS )
“ My father was a coal miner at Blackwell Colliery . My mother was a hard-working woman . She did washing five days a week for us and other people .
“ She had no washing machine , just a tub to boil clothes in . It was very hard work .
“ My sister Mary and I would take the baskets of washing back to the customers all ironed and ready to wear . All for half a crown ; that is two shillings and sixpence. ” The mum of two was born in June 1918 , towards the end of the First World War .
( Image : SWNS )
( Image : SWNS )
Back then , the house was lit and heated using paraffin oil lamps and candles .
The family had an outdoor toilet in the 12ft x 8ft garden , which is still used to this day .
Elsie , who turned 100 last Thursday , went on : “ When I was eight years old in 1926 the coal miners were on strike and the men were off work for weeks , with no money coming in .
“ In those days you had to have coal to get hot water . We had to put pennies in the gas meter . Weeks went by . No work . No money . No coal . ”
Growing up in the house with a big family also meant space was a challenge . At bedtime Elsie often found herself topping and tailing with her older siblings .
( Image : SWNS )
( Image : SWNS )
She left school aged 14 and stayed at home to look after the family following the death of her mum Eliza in 1932 . Her dad Mark died 17 years later .
And apart from a one-month stay in hospital in the 1960s , Elsie has lived in the house ever since , raising her sons there with husband Bill Allcock . The couple were wed for 55 years before Bill died from cancer in 1995 .
Their son Raymond , 72 , said : “ We knew everyone on that street at one time , but now there are not even half a dozen . ”
( Image : SWNS )
( Image : SWNS )
But though her old neighbours such as Mrs Tims are no longer there , Elsie is never lonely thanks to her six grandchildren and 36 great-grandchildren . Raymond , a retired builder , added : “ She had always been happy here .
“ It 's more convenience than anything , why would she want to move ? ” The house , gradually updated since Elsie 's birth , is now worth an estimated £75,000 .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
He 's played some pretty cuckoo characters during his 50-year career , but Anthony Hopkins has outdone himself with his latest offering .
Admitting he 's a man on the edge , the Silence of the Lambs star went all Hannibal Lecter - and then some - as he let the crazy out in a video that 's since gone viral .
`` This is what happens when you 're all work and no play ... '' he captioned the bizarre clip , which showed the wide-eyed actor unleashing a dance that words ca n't describe .
Whirling his arms around like a man possessed , the 80-year-old stared demonically into the camera as he did a rather odd jerky dance .
And the majority of the 7.25million fans who watched it were just as disturbed as he was .
( Image : Twitter )
( Image : Twitter )
( Image : Twitter )
( Image : Channel 5 )
`` WTF he has been drinking ? '' wondered one of his Twitter followers , while another questioned , `` what did I just see ? ''
`` I ca n't believe we just watched Hannibal Lecture have a seizure , '' wrote a bemused fan .
`` Creepy and hilarious at the same time ! I 'm laughing so hard , something 's wrong with my sense of humor I guess , '' added another .
( Image : HBO )
The strange footage was retweeted 67,000 times and attracted 213,000 likes , catapulting Anthony to the dizzying heights of Kardashian popularity .
He 's certainly been busy of late , returning to TV as Dr Robert Ford on HBO sci-fi series Westworld .
The British star is also set to appear in the BBC adaptation of Shakepeare 's King Lear alongside Emma Thompson , and has been spotted in Rome filming a Netflix movie about Pope Benedict and Pope Francis .
Tropical Storm Nate was gathering force in the warm waters of the Caribbean Sea on Friday as it made its way toward the U.S. Gulf Coast , which was bracing for a potential direct hit Sunday .
The storm has already unleashed heavy rain and flooding over parts of Central America , where several people have died .
In Nicaragua , the death toll reached at least 11 on Thursday , while thousands of people had to evacuate their homes and several others were reported missing , according to Vice President Rosario Murillo . Nate follows nearly two weeks of heavy rain that has saturated the ground there , reports The Associated Press , and Murillo said that the recent rainfall is not part of Nate 's storm system .
In Costa Rica , officials blamed the storm for at least seven deaths , AP says . Schools across the country were suspended Thursday because of heavy rainfall .
In Honduras , two young people drowned in a swollen river , while in neighboring El Salvador a man was killed in a mudslide , reports Reuters .
The National Hurricane Center said Nate was located off the coast of Honduras on Friday morning and headed north northwestward at 14 mph . It had maximum sustained winds of around 45 mph , but forecasters said the winds would pick up over the next couple of days and were expected to reach hurricane force by the time Nate reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico .
A hurricane watch was in effect Friday for parts of Louisiana , including New Orleans , while parts of Mississippi and Alabama were under a tropical storm watch .
Louisiana Gov . John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency Thursday in anticipation of Nate 's arrival and is asking President Trump to declare `` a pre-landfall state of emergency . ''
At a briefing Edwards said Louisiana is expected to take a direct hit early Sunday morning , but parts of the state could feel the force of the winds by Saturday evening . Edwards said rainfall could reach six inches in some areas , with storm surge of up to six feet .
It has been a devastating hurricane season , and Nate is an unwelcome reminder that it is not over yet ; the season continues until the end of November .
Louisiana National Guard soldiers have already been helping with recovery efforts in Puerto Rico in Hurricane Maria 's aftermath . Now more than 1,000 state guardsmen have been mobilized ahead of Nate , some in New Orleans to monitor drainage pumps , which have already undergone damage .
`` We do n't anticipate that this is going to cause devastating impact to New Orleans or exceed the ability for the pumps or the electrical generation down there to pump out that water , '' Edwards said . But he added , `` I 'm not going to tell you I am not concerned . ''
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Tory MP told schoolchildren “ We need to find the b * * * * * * s who did this ” as he raged about litter and pollution .
Outspoken Sir Desmond Swayne swore while addressing Year Six kids at an event in the House of Commons about rubbish strewn around a beauty spot .
The maverick former minister , who was the top Commons aide to David Cameron when he was PM , was meeting youngsters from Walhampton School in his constituency when he let rip with the outburst .
New Forest West MP Sir Desmond told the Mirror : “ We were taking about littering the Forest , referring to anyone who dumps stuff all over the Forest .
( Image : Nick Lucas / SWNS.com )
( Image : Rex )
“ Have you been down to the New Forest recently ?
“ I cycle to and from the station when I 'm on my way and I do a great deal of dog walking .
“ Even in the middle of nowhere you will find people who have gone to the trouble of putting their dog poo in a little bag and then hanging the bag on a tree branch or on a bush .
“ I was referring generally to anyone who pollutes the place .
“ This is the most magnificent , the rarest landscape , lowland heath and people are trashing it , people throw stuff out their cars the whole time .
“ We had a discussion with the children - you know , what is the solution to this ? - and I just said off the cuff , ‘ We 've got to get the b * * * * * * s who dump their litter everywhere ' . ”
Insisting he was n't referring to anyone specifically , he added : “ Just the b * * * * * * s . ”
Defending the language used in front of the kids , he said : “ I think they were OK , I think they are strong enough to handle it .
“ Put it this way , there appeared to be no sense of shock either amongst their teacher or the students themselves . ”
Sir Desmond , 61 , was attending a parliamentary reception organised by the Keep Britain Tidy campaign and Brita , which makes water filters , om April 17 .
It was held to mark the launch of a report aimed at raising awareness of litter in the seas .
Ex-Territorial Army officer Sir Desmond , who was also an economics teacher , was one several MPs who attended .
( Image : BBC )
He later tweeted a picture of him with five kids from the school , saying it had “ some great ideas for beating the plastic and litter problem ” .
The school trumpeted the visit on its Facebook page , saying : “ Six Year 6 pupils from Walhampton attended a presentation to MP 's ( sic ) in the House of Commons .
“ We were invited by Keep Britain Tidy , supported by Brita , who had run two Plastics Challenge workshops at the school last term .
“ Walhampton was one of two schools talking about ideas to reduce single use plastic waste at the event .
( Image : Getty )
“ The pupils enjoyed meeting notable visitors who spotted our Eco-Schools Green Flag and our huge reused top turtle artwork . ”
The £17,000-a-year private school , near Lymington , Hants , teaches youngsters aged two to 13 .
One of the pupils pictured was shown holding a collage of a turtle .
Sir Desmond was Parliamentary Private Secretary to Mr Cameron for two years after the then PM entered No 10 .
He was promoted to a become a Government whip in charge of party discipline .
He held the role for two years before becoming a Minister in the Department for International Development .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A teenager whose family was forced to flee a large block of flats following a fire said she feared 'it would be like Grenfell Tower ' .
Goscote House - the largest high-rise of homes in Leicester - was evacuated on Saturday when smoke from a bin fire reached the upper levels to trigger alarms .
Hasni Mohamed , 49 , his wife Rasheeda , 43 , and their six children have lived on the 17th floor of the building for three years , the Leicester Mercury reports .
Their teenage daughter said : `` The first thing that came into my head was London .
`` I just remembered that and I was scared but then I had my little sisters so I had to look strong for them so I stayed like that . ''
( Image : leicestermercury WS )
Mr Mohamed said he too feared the incident would be reminiscent of when flames ripped through Grenfell Tower in Kensington , West London , in which 80 people have been identified as dead or presumed dead .
Mr Mohamed said : “ We heard a smoke alarm . We 'd all been asleep . Then we could smell a bad smell , like burning . It was getting worse and worse .
`` Straight away we came outside . I could see smoke from the 15th floor . All the way up , smoke .
`` After Grenfell , that sort of thing was going through our heads .
( Image : leicestermercury WS )
`` We were all scared because of the fire in London . We worried it would be the same story . ''
Mrs Mohamed described how she fell down the stairs as she rushed to get out of the flat . She was carrying their youngest daughter when she tripped amid her panic .
She said : “ We rushed and people were rushing and running on the stairs . I was carrying our little one . I fell and she banged the back of her head .
“ There was a lot of smoke . Everyone was panicking . Still the kids are n't settled . ”
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Mrs Mohamed 's head and legs were also hurt in the fall and she is concerned that her daughter is still in pain .
Their eldest daughter , 16-year-old Hausne , also described scenes of people running to the exits .
She said : “ When I woke up I could everyone running down the stairs and I started to panic as well .
“ Everyone was waiting outside and panicking . ”
Leicestershire Fire and Rescue Service is investigating the cause of the fire but it is being treated as “ non-suspicious ” .
Smoke spread through a rubbish chute to the 16th to 20th floors shortly after 12am on Saturday .
Teams used six breathing apparatus , two main jets and one hose reel jet as well as ventilation fans to clear the property of smoke .
Leicestershire Fire and Rescue Service said : “ A multi-agency response to this incident took place and aided in the temporary evacuation of premises .
“ Responders thank the residents for their patience and co-operation as well as their good spirits during the incident . ”
The Mohamed family said they felt lucky to get out and commended the emergency services for their work .
Mr Mohamed said “ The fire service were very good . They helped so much .
“ The ambulance people came and checked my daughter and it was all okay . We all managed to get out . ”
AKRON , Ohio ( AP ) — Kwan Cheatham Jr. had 21 points and 10 rebounds , Isaiah Johnson scored 13 of his 18 points in the second half and Mid-American leader Akron held off Toledo 71-65 on Tuesday night for the Zips ' 30th straight home win .
Akron trailed by 11 with 10:36 left .
Johnson got loose down low and made an open layup for a 61-55 lead and he had a block on the other end . He added a 3-point play on Akron 's next offensive possession for a nine-point lead as the Zips hit 10 of 11 shots .
Johnson missed the front end of a 1-and-1 and Jordan Lauf made a layup to get Toledo to 67-63 . Johnson missed another free throw when Akron was n't in the bonus but Jonathan Williams missed an easy layup on the other end . Cheatham sealed it at the line .
Advertisement
Antino Jackson added 13 points for Akron ( 22-4 , 12-1 Mid-American ) . Cheatham hit four 3-pointers , Jackson added three and the Zips were 11 of 31 .
Steve Taylor Jr. and Nate Navigato each scored 13 points for Toledo ( 13-13 , 6-7 ) . Taylor also grabbed 13 rebounds .
© Unknown
© Unknown
The `` Dupes '' : People who believe they can infer someone 's true intentions , beliefs or morality based on their support for , or opposition to , the policy initiative ( more on this later ) .
`` First principle thinkers '' or `` contrarians '' : They hold nuanced positions that oppose the policy on the x-axis , but support the moral virtue on the y-axis . In an interview with Dave Rubin , Weinstein said , `` These are people who are thinking for themselves , and are not buying baked-cakes . They 're buying the ingredients and they 're saying , well , I want more of this ingredient , I do n't like that ingredient . So they 're attempting to avoid having any pre-baked idea put in front of them . ''
`` Troglodytes '' : Those who oppose the x-axis policy and possess the moral vice represented by the lower-half of the y-axis ( e.g . prejudice against women ) . For example , a true troglodyte in the Peterson-Newman interview might have said women are inferior to men and thus deserve less pay .
`` Rent seekers '' : People or companies who have a vested-interest in the x-axis policy because they profit from it , but do not produce much or anything of value in return .
© Unknown
Peterson , who is in the `` First principle thinkers '' quadrant , gives a nuanced argument that is opposed to mandated equality of outcome ( e.g . mandated income-equality between men and women ) , but that supports equality of opportunity ( e.g . opposed to discrimination based on gender ) . Newman is in the `` Dupes '' quadrant . She infers that Peterson 's opposition suggests he condones , or is at least unconcerned , with discrimination based on gender . For example , she said , `` You 're saying , basically , it does n't matter if women are n't getting to the top . '' As a result , Peterson is portrayed as a misogynist , or insensitive to gender discrimination , effectively moving him from the `` First principle thinkers '' quadrant to the `` Troglodyte '' quadrant . However , this is counter to his actual position , which is support for equality of opportunity ( and not discriminating based on age , race , gender or sexual orientation ) , which he said was `` eminently desirable . ''
© Unknown
Putting it all together
© Eric Weinstein
Seeing the pattern
More examples
Sam Harris
© Eric Weinstein
Catherine Deneuve
Bret Weinstein
Your turn
New Delhi : Hardik Pandya scored a brilliant century to help Team India amass a gigantic total of 487-run total on Day 2 , and the all-rounder did it in some style . ( IND vs SL , 3rd Test , Day 3 - Live Blog | Full Coverage )
Resuming the day at 329/6 , wicketkeeper-batsman Wriddhiman Saha ( 16 ) , who was batting with Pandya , failed to respond to the pressure situation and was dismissed by Vishwa Fernando early .
Incoming batsman Kuldeep Yadav ( 26 ) , who was drafted in the team in place to Ravindra Jadeja , showed his temperament and forged a 62-run partnership with the Baroda player and helped India to cross 400-run mark .
READ : Hardik Pandya scores maiden Test century , the fastest ever by Indian batsman at number 8 or lower
Soon , Kuldeep was sent packing by left arm wrist spinner Lakshan Sandakan . Incoming batsman Mohammad Shami ( 8 ) tried to pace up the innings with Pandya but failed to do as he was caught by the bowler Sandakan .
With nine wickets down , Pandya started thrashing the Sri Lankan bowlers all around the park . Umpires also extended the morning session . Unperturbed by the conditions , Pandya continued his show and created havoc among the Sri Lankan bowlers .
WATCH : You miss , I strike ! Kuldeep Yadav gets Kusal Mendis run-out after R Ashwin misses target
In the process , Pandya completed his century , which was followed by the traditional celebration of the batsman taking off the helmet and raising his bat in the air . Soon a tweak was made in the celebration as Shikhar Dhawan from the stands prompted Pandya to copy his two-peace celebration style , which the 23-year-old duly accepted .
Here 's the video of his celebration :
Hats off to Hardik pandya ... pic.twitter.com/GxojqXyjIJ — Akaash ( @ Akaash73913161 ) August 13 , 2017
Pandya , playing his third Test , was the star of the day with his 96-ball 108 that lifted India to a commanding first innings total after the visitors resumed on 329-6 .
Subsequently , Indian bowlers did a fine job by getting the Lankans all-out at a meagre total of 135 on Day2 before skipper Virat Kohli enforced the follow-on , on the hosts .
On Day 3 , after 30 overs of play , Sri Lanka had lost 4 wickets at the score of 60 runs , with Angelo Mathews and Dinesh Chandimal batting on 10 ( 19 ) and 11 ( 29 ) respectively .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Gloucester star Ross Moriarty has revealed he feared for his playing future after his British and Irish Lions dream turned into an injury nightmare that left him unable to walk up the stairs .
Moriarty has played just 187 minutes of rugby this season since slipping a disc in his back in the first game of the Lions tour to New Zealand against the Provincial Barbarians but he will make his international return for Wales against Scotland in the Six Nations today .
It has been a long road back for the 23-year-old with four surgeons declining to operate due to fears it would damage the nerve further .
“ Two of the discs had slipped in my back and jammed into the nerves of my legs , so the muscles on my legs stopped working , ” said Moriarty .
“ I could n't run , I could n't stand on one leg , I could n't walk upstairs , could n't walk downstairs .
“ Sometimes I 'd stand up and the nerve would get jammed by the disc and I 'd fall over . So it was pretty serious .
“ It was n't until the doctor realised the reflex in my knee had stopped working that they realised how bad it was .
“ No surgeon would go in there because they said it was too close to the nerve and if they damaged it that would basically be me done . ”
It was left to heal over time and Moriarty returned to action for Gloucester in the Anglo-Welsh Cup game at Leicester in November , only to suffer a setback in training the following week .
“ After that first game , I actually was really , really worried and really upset , ” said Moriarty .
“ It 's always tough when you ca n't play rugby . Some take it better than others , but personally there 's not much for me without rugby , so I took it quite tough after that second time .
“ I was n't sure when I 'd play again . ”
Moriarty returned two months later after having an epidural injection straight into the disc , coming through Gloucester 's European Challenge Cup games against Agen and Pau with no problems to leave him feeling confident .
There are still issues that Moriarty has to manage but he now feels fit and confident .
“ It could have taken a lot longer than it has , but luckily it 's only taken this long , ” said Moriarty .
“ It is something I 'll have to look after for the rest of my career because the disc has n't gone back completely .
“ It 's been tough since that first week of June . But now I feel good and confident about how I am physically and mentally about the injury and I 'm really looking forward to playing rugby again for Wales .
“ I have been pushing myself very hard with the fitness and gym work I have been doing .
“ I have made sure I am ready and tip-top . I know if I was n't right I would n't get picked .
“ I am just really looking forward to it . I have n't played too much rugby this season , but I have confidence in what the conditioners have been doing with me . I would n't be starting this game if I was n't right .
While Moriarty was recovering from injury there was the long-running saga of his future with his contract at Gloucester coming to an end that led to him deciding to join the Dragons next season .
He came under fire from some Gloucester fans for the way it was handled and has now explained why he hit back on social media .
Moriarty said : “ If someone has a problem , that 's absolutely fine . Come and speak to me personally . That 's the way I deal with things .
“ It 's easy for people to say things which are n't true to people who do n't really understand what is going on . ”
© Pius Utomi Ekpei/Agence France-Presse/Getty Images
`` For many years now , nearly every forecast has been : an early peak , then in 3-5 years decline in virtually every place but the Persian Gulf . ''
`` The oil industry has always been in a tug-of-war between depletion and knowledge . It takes endless effort and investment to renew and expand reserves . But resource limits are a phantom .... Repeatedly , the forecasts are revised with a higher and later peak .... These estimates of declining reserves and production are incurably wrong because they treat as a quantity what is really a dynamic process driven by growing knowledge . ''
Michael Lyncc spent nearly 30 years at MIT as a student and then researcher at the Energy Laboratory and Center for International Studies . He then served several years at what is now IHS Global Insight and was chief energy economist . Currently , he is president of Strategic Energy and Economic Research , Inc. , and lectures MBA students at Vienna University . He has been president of the US Association for Energy Economics , served on the editorial boards of three publications , and had his writing translated into six languages . His book , The Peak Oil Scare and the Coming Oil Flood was just published by Praeger .
The five English clubs who created history by qualifying for the Champions League knockout stages will learn their fate when the draw for the last 16 is held in Nyon this morning .
Manchester City , Manchester United , Liverpool , Tottenham and Chelsea all qualified from their respective groups , making England the first country to have five teams in the competition 's last 16 .
Chelsea faces a daunting tie , with Paris St Germain , Barcelona and Besiktas their only possible opponents when the draw is made at UEFA 's headquarters at 11am GMT .
The Blues finished second behind Roma in their group and along with the Serie A side , they are also ineligible to face their Premier League rivals .
The two Manchester clubs , Liverpool and Tottenham all finished top of their groups , meaning Chelsea can only be paired with either the French or Turkish champions , or the current LaLiga leaders .
You can follow the draw as it happens right here .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
This is Zara . According to UK law she is “ dangerous ” … because she looks a certain way . But the rescue dog and her owner , vet Emma Hindson , are doing their best to show just what a softie she really is .
Emma , 26 , set up Facebook page “ The adventures of Zara dog ” shortly after rescuing the crossbreed six years ago , when she was identified as a banned type .
She shares photos and videos with 2,500 supporters in a bid to challenge the stereotype associated with dogs banned by breed specific legislation – or BSL .
Emma said : “ There was very little positive media for so-called dangerous dogs – all you saw was pictures of ‘ aggressive ' and ‘ blood-thirsty ' bull-breeds with teeth bared and frothing at the mouth .
“ I feel it 's good for people to see some of the positive things they can do . ”
The 1991 Dangerous Dogs Act outlaws four types of dog – the pitbull terrier , Japanese Tosa , Fila Brasileiro and Dogo Argentino , as well as crossbreeds of those .
Any dog resembling one of these is assessed and may be destroyed if ruled to be a match – with a lot of weight given to its appearance . But if an owner can prove they are responsible and that the dog is no public risk , they can win a court exemption – which Emma did with Zara .
Even then , the dog must always be muzzled and on a lead in public .
Zara , now eight , was found as a stray and taken to a rescue shelter . She was rehomed three times but taken back each time for being too boisterous and strong .
But when Emma began volunteering at the centre she fell in love with her .
She said : “ Zara is cheeky , playful and wants to please . ”
And she is determined to show such dogs are not inherently more aggressive or dangerous . Emma , from Co Durham , set about teaching Zara tricks and skills to keep her mentally stimulated – as well as to show she is a wonderful pet .
She says Zara can post letters , hug her doggy pal Wilf , and even use a vacuum .
Emma said : “ We want to bring BSL to public attention and keep lobbying the Government to consider the scientific research that shows how ineffective it is . ”
The RSPCA said : “ Breed is not a good predictor of aggression . Despite the law , dog bites in the UK continue to increase. ” You can back the campaign at rspca.org.uk/endbsl .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Viewers at home were left cringing during Emma Willis and Ann Widdecombe 's Celebrity Big Brother exit interview on Friday night .
The former MP lost out to drag queen Courtney Act , who was crowned winner in the live final .
Sitting down with Emma after leaving the house , the host asked Ann : `` How will you think you 're going to fare now going back to just you with your lovely cats that you adore ? ''
But Emma was clearly not up speed , because Ann snapped : `` I do n't have any cats . That 's misinformation . ''
A red-faced Emma replied : `` Oh , I thought you had cats ? ''
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : WireImage )
`` I did but they died , '' Ann went on .
Fans were quick to comment on the exchange on social media , with one writing : `` Touch of awkwardness when Emma brought up Ann 's cats who were dead though . ''
A second wrote : `` Emma and her high levels of research , are you looking forward to seeing your cats , Ann : they 're all dead . ''
Elsewhere in the chat , Ann said she was `` thoroughly bemused '' to come second on the show .
`` Apparently I 'm the runner-up in Celebrity Big Brother . Do you know how many times I 've turned this programme down ?
`` I definitely enjoyed it more than I thought I would , I thought I would n't enjoy it at all . ''
She also said it was `` terrible '' living with other people .
She added : `` There was noise all the time . I was woken up in the morning by loud pop music played by Big Brother and there was even one day when that was followed by an obscene performance .
( Image : WireImage )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Shane Jenek is given lap dance by stripper
`` With all due respect to all of them ( the housemates ) , I am dying to go back to living alone , I 've been dying for it since day one and then the numbers doubled and I was dying for it even more . ''
Asked if conversations she had in her house about abortion and LGBT rights had given her food for thought , she said : `` No , you reason yourself there and that is then your position .
`` It was an endorsement of free speech , whether people agreed with me or not . ''
Four teenage girls have so far reported being raped in British London and 30 potential victims may soon come forward .
Evidence has emerged of a new grooming gang operating around a McDonald 's in Stratford , with three men and three boys now arrested on suspicion of being a part of it .
Commenting on the four rape reports , Detective Inspector Laura Hillier , of the Metropolitan Police 's sexual exploitation team , told The Independent :
`` They had all been met by males at the McDonald 's on the Broadway in Stratford and been taken to different places where they were sexually assaulted . ''
Some of the girls had a firm feeling that they had been called on a date , while there were those drawn to the place by criminal gangs offering money for drug running .
Experts single out several methods of grooming , with the most popular being the `` boyfriend '' model , in which an abusive relationship is used to force victims into sex . Another one , the so-called `` party model '' consists of potential victims being targeted by groups of men or boys partying , who offer anything from a drink to a car ride .
The Stratford investigation has just started , with a wider range of victims still expected to come forward .
Following the high-profile Rotherham and Rochdale cases involving an estimated 1,400 underage victims , the trafficking of underage girls has become one of the most sensitive issues in today 's Britain , with police detaining around 420 men every month over the sexual exploitation of children across England and Wales , The Independent wrote .
READ MORE : Criticism Erupts as Sweden Seeks to Criminalize Buying Sex Abroad
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Neighbours have claimed they found human body parts in the streets after a grandmother 's disappearance sparked a murder probe .
Detectives said they believe 47-year-old Julie Reilly has been killed but a body is yet to be found .
Julie has been missing from her home for more than two months , the Daily Record reports .
After the murder probe was launched in Glasgow , officers said they were looking for two suitcases which they believe may contain evidence and are crucial to the investigation .
Residents told of discovering what they believe to be human body parts in streets close to where she lived .
One told how he saw what he understood to be a body part lying on a driveway .
Police set up a tent over what he found , two streets from Julie 's home in Govan , and carried out searches of neighbours ' gardens early on Friday .
A second blue tent was also erected on land nearby yesterday but police last night refused to comment on the neighbours ' claims .
( Image : DAILY RECORD )
Julie was last seen on February 6 when she was spotted at 5pm on CCTV at an Aldi supermarket on Paisley Road West in Govan .
She was reported missing on February 15 after she failed to turn up for appointments – leading to an emotional appeal for information from her mum and sister .
Police revealed yesterday they had upgraded their investigation to a murder probe but admitted they do not know where her body is .
Detectives are asking for the help of the public in finding the discarded cases .
They believe the suitcases have been dumped in Glasgow 's southside - but would not confirm last night whether they contain body parts or other evidence .
One resident living in the area said police were called after he helped his neighbour inspect the item on his driveway .
He said : “ They eventually put a tent over it . All the police would say was that it was n't an animal and that it would be at least Monday until tests were back . They would n't say anything more than that . ”
Another neighbour who is understood to have seen another body part refused to comment last night , saying “ I 've not yet spoken to police . ”
( Image : DAILY RECORD )
As the murder hunt was launched DCI Mark Bell , of Police Scotland 's Major Investigations Team , said : “ Enquiries carried out so far have revealed that two suitcases may contain evidence regarding Julie 's disappearance .
“ The suitcases are believed to have been discarded in the south side of Glasgow , particularly in the Cardonald , Cessnock and Govan areas of the city .
“ They may have been left at a roadway , in a garden path , a park , a pathway or on waste ground .
“ Members of the public with any information regarding Julie 's disappearance , or who have recently observed a discarded suitcase in those areas , are urged to contact police as a matter of urgency .
“ Unfortunately officers can now confirm that Julie Reilly is deceased and they are treating her death as murder . ”
( Image : DAILY RECORD )
A police source said they had not yet traced Julie 's body but believe the suitcases are vital to their probe .
They added : “ We do n't have the suitcases , but we are looking for two which could be in different areas of the city .
“ We are unable to say any more at this stage of the investigation . ”
The flat where the missing woman lived has been the subject of an extensive police search as forensic officers combed it for clues into what has happened to her . Steel shutters have been put up on the windows of the property .
Neighbours were “ shocked ” to hear the police have now launched a murder investigation .
( Image : DAILY RECORD )
A woman who stays in the same block of flats but asked not to be named , said : “ I really thought they would find her . I 'm shocked to hear she has been murdered .
“ The police were here for about a month and there were forensic officers here as well .
” I did n't really see any of her family coming in or out before she went missing . ”
A man in the next block also described the news as “ shocking ” , adding : “ I used to see her now and again when I was going to my work . She was quite a small woman with blonde hair . ”
The Daily Record previously reported how Julie 's mum Margaret Hanlon , 69 , begged her daughter or anyone with information about her to get in touch .
Julie 's sister Lynne Bryce , 36 – who was also at an emotional public appeal – added : “ If anyone , anywhere knows of Julie 's whereabouts please do n't let us go on like this – I 'm begging you from the bottom of my heart . ”
The family were too upset to discuss the murder investigation yesterday .
Members of the public with any information regarding Julie 's disappearance , or who have recently observed a discarded suitcase in Glasgow 's southside , are urged to contact police as a matter of urgency .
Police Scotland can be contacted on the non-emergency number 101 or the dedicated incident room number 0141 305 4511 . Alternatively information can be passed anonymously via the charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Fernandinho 's third red card in his last six appearances for Manchester City will see him miss the team 's next four domestic fixtures .
The Brazil captain was dismissed in the first half of City 's clash with Burnley for a lunge on Johann Berg Gudmundsson .
Fernandinho has recently served suspensions after picking up red cards against Borussia Monchengladbach and Chelsea .
He will miss City 's FA Cup third-round trip to West Ham next weekend as well as Premier League games against Everton , Spurs and the Hammers .
City are already light on options in central midfield , with summer signing Ilkay Gundogan sidelined for the remainder of the season with knee ligament damage .
( Photo : Getty Images Europe )
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : Getty Images Europe )
( Photo : Reuters )
( Photo : Reuters )
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Antoine Griezmann insists that he is happy at Atletico Madrid - but says that he will `` see what the future brings '' as speculation over a move to Manchester United continues .
Griezmann , 25 , is touted as one of Jose Mourinho 's main targets this summer as United look to bolster a squad that has undergone significant change since the Portuguese 's arrival .
United denied reports earlier this month that a deal has been reached with Griezmann , whose buyout clause increased to 100 million euros ( £85million ) when extending his deal with Atletico until 2021 .
The France international insists he is happy in Madrid - and even spoke of his excitement about Atletico 's new stadium - but did not close the door on a summer departure .
`` I feel great at the club and in Madrid , '' Griezmann told FIFA.com .
( Photo : Getty )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in The Frenchman shows off his goal-scoring ability Share this video Watch Next
`` On a personal level I 'm very happy , and in football terms we 're about to move to a new stadium , which is very important .
`` We 'll just have to see what the future brings , but for now I 'm very happy here and I hope to win trophies with this club . ''
Diego Simeone 's fine work means the Atletico coach is also regularly subject of speculation and Griezmann , last month named the third best player in the world , is full of praise and admiration for the former Argentina midfielder .
`` He 's changed me , '' the attacker said . `` He 's brought so many things to my game that it 's hard to even begin to say what they are .
`` Let 's just say that I would n't have been regarded as one of the best players in the world if it were n't for him .
( Photo : AFP )
( Photo : Getty )
`` More than anything he 's helped me to be more effective in front of goal , to take every chance that comes my way , and , of course , to run and run and work hard for the team . You ca n't make it at Atletico if you do n't do that . ''
Griezmann moved to cool speculation that he is set for a summer switch to United earlier this week after admitting that he has 'doubts ' about moving the England .
Talking to RMC , the France international has admitted that the weather and media could prevent him from making a switch to the Premier League in the future .
“ I have a lot of doubts about moving to England , ” he said .
( Photo : Getty )
( Photo : Rex Features )
“ With Real Sociedad , I felt that I needed to leave . For the moment , I do not know where that desire came from . Who knows how the season will finish . If it finishes badly , maybe I will ask myself the question . For the moment , it is not relevant…
`` Aside from that , I am asking myself where I could go . In Spain , there is Barcelona and Real Madrid . Barcelona has the three up top . Real Madrid , that is impossible because of the club I am at . I think that between them , there is a pact .
`` Germany , the league does not attract me much . France , not for the moment . And England , I have a lot of doubts about my private life . Everything like rain , bad weather… I need to feel happy outside . ''
These comments come after Atletico president Enirque Cerezo also dampened speculation over a potential move to Old Trafford .
`` Every time I see Antoine I give him a hug , '' Cerezo told Spainish radio station COPE . `` Antoine is a fantastic player and loves life at Atletico , '' he continued before adding that Griezmann `` will be at Atletico for a long time . ''
Reports had suggested that the Red Devils had agreed terms with the player which will see him receive the same salary has his international team-mate Paul Pogba - £15million-a-year , which a five-year agreement on the table .
Residents still not allowed into homes in NSW The West Australian
Up to 69 homes in Tathra were destroyed as a bushfire devastated the area .
The Broncos ' Corey Oates is all smiles after being recalled to Queensland 's State of Origin side . Picture : Jono Searle/AAP
The Broncos ' Corey Oates is all smiles after being recalled to Queensland 's State of Origin side . Picture : Jono Searle/AAP
AS A winger , Corey Oates reckons he makes a pretty good back-rower .
And even his recall on Queensland 's left wing for July 11 's State of Origin game three has n't changed his mind .
In fact , off-contract Oates is more determined than ever to earn a back-row start and has not ruled out leaving his beloved NRL club Brisbane to get it .
Oates gets his first Origin chance since playing the last of his four games for Queensland in last year 's record series-opening 28-4 loss to NSW .
His selection is part of a backline reshuffle caused by inspirational centre and skipper Greg Inglis 's unavailability due to a broken thumb .
`` This means everything . It 's the dream . Once you get a taste of it you always want to get it back - I missed it , '' Oates said of his recall .
`` I did n't think I had a chance at all ( this year ) . A few injuries helped . ''
While thrilled to combine with left-centre Dane Gagai , who replaces Inglis , Oates insisted on Wednesday : `` I am a back-rower playing on the wing .
`` I 'm not the electric winger . I am slow and powerful . I feel like a forward .
`` I was thrown on the wing when I first came into first grade . I was always coming through as a back-rower - I loved it and still do . ''
Oates is still waiting on talks with Brisbane - a process that has not been helped by the lanky Broncos winger being in between managers .
He is one of the first picked for the Broncos , on the wing , but Oates has not given up on cracking the back row - even if it means leaving Brisbane .
Asked if he would consider linking with an NRL club that offered him a back-row start , Oates said : `` You always do ( consider it ) but you have to look at a lot of other things too , it 's not just one thing I look at signing for a club .
`` ( But ) I feel playing back row brings more out of me than the wing . ''
Cracking Brisbane 's back row will be easier said than done with Joe Ofahengaue , Jaydn Su ' A and rookie David Fifita in the squad - not that Oates has to be told .
`` It 's promising signs for us - well maybe not for me , '' he said . `` It 's tough but I am not going to stop knocking on the door . ''
- AAP
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
After a devastating car accident and two rounds of major surgery , 13-year-old Charlotte Wallace is hoping 2017 sees her get back on her feet .
2016 has been a difficult year for the Netherhall schoolgirl , who was knocked over on her way to school in January .
Paramedics and the air ambulance scrambled to her aid in Queen Edith 's Way , rushing her to Addenbrooke 's for emergency surgery .
However , it was a team of off-duty medics walking on their way to work who were first on the scene , caring for her on the roadside .
Now , after missing several weeks of school , three months in a wheelchair and hours of gruelling physiotherapy , she is back on the long road to recovery .
( Photo : Warren Gunn )
Her mother Catherine told the News despite the difficult times , she had managed to remain positive .
“ The only word I can use to describe her is determination – she has surprised me how she can get through things ” , she said .
“ She has just got on with it and does n't let it phase her . She just continues with the attitude ‘ they are doing it to make me better and help me get stronger ' .
“ Despite missing weeks of school she even managed to get an award for her maths , which was a very proud moment for us . ”
In the collision Charlotte suffered a severe break to her femur and was rushed into theatre the day of her accident , when she had metal support rods inserted into her leg .
After learning to walk again , and even managing to re-join her schoolmates for PE lessons , she went back under the knife last month to have the rods removed and is now relying on an elbow crutch to get around .
Catherine said : “ We 've had to make a lot of adjustments , but we 're trying to get on with things and keep things as normal as possible .
“ Rods were put in to stabilise her femur , they have come out and we are just waiting now to build up the muscles . ”
( Photo : Warren Gunn )
However the last 11 months have taken their toll on her parents , Catherine and Derek , and their other children , Alice , 10 and James , five .
Catherine said : “ Psychologically it has been a real struggle , she 's had flashbacks and lots of nightmares .
“ For a while I was sleeping downstairs with her during the night and not getting a lot of sleep for a long time .
“ It was a challenge , lots of adjustments for all of us had to be made and we had to be aware of the limitations in terms of what we do as a family . ”
The team who rushed to Charlotte 's aid at the roadside were all medical professionals and included an orthopaedic doctor , a paediatric nurse and a paediatric physio on their way to work .
Catherine said : “ All the doctors have been absolutely wonderful , they have been there to explain everything to me , to help me when I have been upset as to what is going on .
( Photo : David Johnson )
“ They always kept us both as informed as we can be , and Charlotte is never excluded from the conversation . ”
The family spent their Christmas in Scotland with Charlotte 's grandfather , and are now looking ahead to her 14th birthday next month .
“ She spent her last birthday in hospital , so we 're hoping to do something special ” , said Catherine .
“ We have got tickets to the Arts Theatre to see Annie , as she loves her amateur dramatics , and we 're taking a few of her friends out for dinner .
“ But now we are up in Scotland seeing my father-in-law which is really nice , it gives us a break and an opportunity to do some more as a family .
“ We 're definitely making a fuss of her ! ”
The European smartphone market may just be hitting saturation point . According to sales data analyzed by GfK , sales in the last quarter of 2017 showed a 3 % decline since the same period in 2016 .
Europe was n't alone : there was also a decline in smartphone sales in China and in the emerging and mature Asian markets . However , sales were buoyant elsewhere in the world , particularly in the Middle East and Africa . Sales in the regions showed a year-on-year increase of 8 % , while sales in central and eastern Europe showed an rise in sales of 7 % . While both north and south America contributed to the positive outlook .
The decline in sales is not being matched by declining revenues , however . While European vendors have to negotiate that decline in sales , its sales revenue is healthily growing at a rate of 17 % year on year . Small beer , compared to the large rise that central and eastern Europe experience – a rise of 28 % is very healthy indeed .
It 's not surprising that revenues are slowing somewhat , however , smartphone prices have increased by 10 % year , softening the blow for those European dealers who are faced with declining sales .
According to GfK , much of the rise in revenues was down to the 24 % rise in value growth in Great Britain and the 19 % value growth in France . The company predicted , however , that the outlook for the region in 2018 is positive , with demand expected to rise by one percent to total 126.4 million units .
Struggling
Asian markets are struggling more , despite the rise in unit price , developed markets on the continent suffered particular losses . Further west , the strong markets in Egypt and Saudi Arabia fuelled growth in the region .
Yotaro Noguchi , product lead in GfK 's trends and forecasting division , said , “ The outlook for 2018 is positive as GfK forecasts global smartphone demand to rise by three percent compared to 2017 , driven by emerging Asia and central and eastern Europe . With saturation in developed markets , consumer retention will be a key focus for smartphone makers , which , alongside increased commoditization , will encourage greater innovation and differentiation in order to spur sales . ”
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal got a much-needed win to heap misery on Middlesbrough at the Riverside .
Goals from Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil , both linked with moves away from the Gunners , sealed a 2-1 victory with Alvaro Negredo finding the net for Boro .
The result leaves the Teessiders six points adrift of safety , while Arsene Wenger 's side move to within seven points of fourth-placed Manchester City with a game in hand .
Sanchez caught the eye of our man Simon Bird - but who was your man of the match in the north east ?
Here are the full player ratings ...
Middlesbrough
Guzan 4 - In for Valdez who had suffered a rib injury
Barragan 6 - Great clearance off line from Ramsey volley
( Photo : PA )
Ayala 6 - Lucky not to concede penalty wrestling Giroud at a corner
Gibson 6 - A big test for the highly rated England prospect
Fabio 6 - Subbed early with another bout of concussion
Clayton 7 - Work hourse of Boro side and a solid performer
Leadbitter 7 - Booked . Gets stuck in and has contributed creatively on his recent starts
Ramirez 5 - Clever chip into box set up disallowed goal
( Photo : REUTERS )
De Roon 6 - Drifts into some nice positions without reward
Downing 7 - Local boy adds made the equaliser with cross for Negredo
Negredo 7 - Often looks isolated in this Boro formation but got them level
Subs - Friend ( Fabio 17 ) 6 , Traore ( Ramirez 68 ) 6
Arsenal
Cech - Had little chance stopping Negredo 's goal
Gabriel 6 - Booked . Had to stay strong to keep Negredo at bay
( Photo : PA )
Koscielny 6 - Had no idea where Negredo was when he sneaked in to score
Holding 6 - Coped well in his first league start since August
Oxlade-Chamberlain 5 - Booked . Played as an attacking right back . Unusual .
Xhaka 6 - Won the free kick on edge of box for opening goal
Ramsey 6 - Good volley was cleared off the line
( Photo : 2017 Getty Images )
Monreal 5 - Wing back for the night and was outpaced by Downing for goal
Sanchez 7 - Moment of free kick magic from the most influentuial player
Ozil 6 - Drifted around without doing much until he came alive to score
Giroud 6 - Tried to provide focal point . Wrestled by defence
Before hitting the road for that long summer vacation , one of the first things you should do is get the battery on your vehicle checked out - because batteries do n't give you a warning when they 're about to go dead . One minute they work , the next they do n't .
To help you on your way , AAA is offering free battery tests by skilled technicians this Friday ( June 1 ) from 10:00 AM until 2:00 PM at its 49th Street and Louise Avenue store as part of its 'Summer Kick-Off Event . '
According to AAA spokesperson Marilyn Buskohl , most drivers are concerned about battery problems in the winter , but South Dakota 's summer heat can actually be tougher on a car 's battery than the bitter cold .
“ The typical life of a battery is three years , so if yours is nearing that point in its life , get it checked out . '' Buschol says , `` Long trips , coupled with hot weather , place additional strain on vehicles , so it 's imperative to be proactive and prepare . ''
According to a recent analysis done by AAA , vehicles 10 years and older are twice as likely to breakdown compared to newer vehicles , and four times more likely to have an issue serious enough to require a tow .
Therefore , members and non-members alike are urged to take advantage of AAA 's free battery check . If you have any documents you would like to get rid of before hitting the road , a free shred event will also be held in conjunction with the battery check .
Refreshments and prize drawings will also be offered . Information about the event is available at the AAA website or by calling 605-221-1624 .
Source : AAA South Dakota
See Also :
Sign Up for the Newsletter Enter your email to receive the latest news and information directly to your inbox ! Name * First Last
Email *
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
You can forget about Arsenal 's weekly `` crisis '' for now , and you can even forget about their hard-fought 2-1 win over Middlesbrough too .
The Gunners ground out the victory at the Riverside Stadium thanks to goals from Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil either side of half-time , earning a big three points in their battle to get into the top four .
Sanchez 's fine free-kick opened the scoring , and although Alvaro Negredo grabbed an equaliser for the hosts , it was Ozil who won the game the second half .
( Photo : Ian MacNicol )
( Photo : Arsenal FC via Getty Images )
But it was after the match that Sanchez shone the brightest , as he went up to a young away fan and gave him his shirt .
And the young lad 's face is an absolute pitcure .
This picture , to be exact .
( Photo : REUTERS )
( Photo : Ian MacNicol )
Just lovely , lovely stuff .
And a nice reward for a youngster who made his way all the way up to Middlesbrough from north London on a Bank Holiday Monday .
He 'll have something good to show off at school on Tuesday .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man who died after becoming trapped under a bus at Chester Zoo has been named locally as Wayne Lannon .
Emergency services were called to the popular attraction at lunchtime on Wednesday , but the 46-year-old was tragically pronounced dead at the scene .
It is believed Mr Lannon was a mechanic and had been repairing the double decker bus in the zoo 's coach car park when he became trapped .
The vehicle is believed to have been empty at the time .
Cheshire Police said an investigation has been launched into the incident , and the Health and Safety Executive has been informed .
( Photo : Chester Chronicle )
Mr Lannon has been described by friends as ‘ one in a million ' .
Tributes poured in for Mr Lannon , understood to be a married father of three .
Ryan Liptrot posted on Facebook : “ Rest in Peace , Wayne Lannon . A status I never thought I would be writing , a great gent a guy that was class with everyone and it was a pleasure to call you my friend . ”
Dylan Jones wrote : “ RIP Wayne , you 'll never be forgotten . ”
Debby Lockett poasted : “ RIP lovely funny Wayne . ”
( Photo : Chester Chronicle )
Sharon Jones said : “ RIP Wayne . You were one in a million and we will never forget you . ”
Neighbours on Mr Lannon 's street , in the Beech Hill area of Wigan , said he was popular in the area , having lived there for more than two decades .
One resident said : “ Wayne was a really nice guy and a good neighbour , very well known in the area . He had lived here , on this road , for more than 20 years .
“ It 's so , so sad for his family . I ca n't believe it 's happened . ”
( Photo : Liverpool Echo )
Chester Zoo chief executive Mark Pilgrim said : “ We can confirm with real sadness that a man passed away in our public coach park earlier today .
“ First aid teams and other zoo staff assisted the emergency services , but sadly the man died at the scene .
“ Our thoughts and sympathies are very much with his family and all involved . ”
A spokesman for Cheshire Police said : “ Shortly after 12.30pm today , Wednesday June 14 , officers were called to reports of an incident outside Chester Zoo .
( Photo : Liverpool Echo )
“ Officers attended the scene and found that a man had become trapped under a double decker bus on the coach car park outside the zoo .
“ The bus is believed to have been empty at the time the incident occurred .
“ The North West Ambulance Service attended the incident and sadly the man was pronounced dead at the scene . “ An police investigation into the circumstances surrounding the incident is currently underway and the Health and Safety Executive has been informed .
“ Police , fire and ambulance remain in attendance at the scene and , as a result of the incident , a small section was screened off from public access . ”
Police said Mr Lannon 's next of kin had been informed of his death .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Lifelike sex dolls are being built to resemble customers ' dead wives , helping them cope with the grief and loneliness that comes with losing a partner .
That 's the message from US-based True Companion which builds sex robots capable of talking to their owners as well as learning things about them such as their likes and dislikes .
The dolls have fully customisable faces and , according to Douglas Hines , an engineer at the company , the biggest requests from customers are for celebrity lookalike dolls and ones resembling a dead partner .
( Image : Getty )
`` Maybe 50 % [ of customers ] are people who want a custom robot for family members , '' Hines told The Sun .
`` That 's what True Companion is all about and that 's why it 's called True Companion . ''
The company 's flagship product is Roxxxy , a fully-customisable sexbot that costs £7,700 and has multiple personality settings . As well as just sex , True Companion says she can provide companionship and social support for lonely men .
The company also sells a male version of the doll called Rocky .
`` 80 % of involvement is social , meaning the interaction which is a bit mundane and conversational , '' explained Hines .
( Image : Getty Images )
`` But maybe 10-20 % is the actual physical engagement with the robot , from a sexual perspective .
`` Most of the customers are just people looking for companionship , a loving touch and a warm embrace . ''
In order to make Roxxxy and Rocky as lifelike as possible , the company works with a team of designers who build realistic body doubles that can be used in films . And the dolls are apparently proving a hit with customers .
Robot brothels
London-based AI researcher David Levy predicted in his 2007 book `` Love and Sex with Robots '' that humans would have sex , fall in love and even marry robots by 2050 .
`` I do n't see anything wrong in using a sex robot to provide sexual satisfaction to people who ca n't achieve it in relationships with other humans . It 's much better for lonely and miserable people than no sex at all , '' he said .
`` Sex robots are just providing an alternative . ''
( Image : THOMSON REUTERS FOUNDATION/Lin T )
As the technology advances , brothels in global cities will be staffed by robot prostitutes , says Levy , and like most consumer electronics , such as laptops and mobile phones , the cost of sex robots will drop - to the point where it will be cheaper than paying for a human prostitute .
He believes as the stigma of having sex with robots wears off , robotics could disrupt the sex trafficking industry .
`` The advent of sex robots will probably reduce the popularity of having sex with a sex worker . And if it 's going to have that effect , it will also reduce sex trafficking , '' Levy said in an interview with the Thomson Reuters Foundation .
( Image : Thomson Reuters Foundation )
`` I do n't see that anybody can possibly be harmed by people having sex with robots , so I think that the idea of a robot brothel should not only be legal it should probably be encouraged in order to reduce sex trafficking . ''
MINNETONKA , Minn. ( AP ) — UnitedHealth Group Inc. on Tuesday reported first-quarter net income of $ 2.17 billion .
On a per-share basis , the Minnetonka , Minnesota-based company said it had net income of $ 2.23 . Earnings , adjusted for amortization costs , were $ 2.37 per share .
The results exceeded Wall Street expectations . The average estimate of 11 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of $ 2.18 per share .
The largest U.S. health insurer posted revenue of $ 48.72 billion in the period , which also beat Street forecasts . Seven analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $ 48.37 billion .
Advertisement
UnitedHealth expects full-year earnings in the range of $ 9.65 to $ 9.85 per share , with revenue expected to be $ 200 billion .
UnitedHealth shares have increased 4.5 percent since the beginning of the year , while the Standard & Poor 's 500 index has risen roughly 5 percent . The stock has risen 31 percent in the last 12 months .
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights ( http : //automatedinsights.com/ap ) using data from Zacks Investment Research . Access a Zacks stock report on UNH at https : //www.zacks.com/ap/UNH
_____
Keywords : UnitedHealth Group , Earnings Report , Priority Earnings
© Liberty Blitzkrieg
A copy of the budget prepared and submitted by Robert S. Mueller III or his staff in his capacity as appointed `` Special Counsel to oversee the previously-confirmed FBI investigation of Russian government efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election and related matters . '' Temporal scope of this request is from 17May2017 to 10July2017 . A copy of all guidance memoranda and communications by which the Justice Management Division will review the Special Counsel 's Office 's `` Statement of Expenditures '' prior to or for the purpose of making each public . Temporal scope of this request is from 1June2017 to present . A copy of each document scoping , regulating , or governing the Special Counsel 's Office appointed under the leadership of Mueller III . Temporal scope of this request is from 17May2017 to present .
Mueller 's budget kept under wraps Judicial Watch announced today that it filed Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) lawsuit against the U.S. Department of Justice ( DOJ ) concerning the budget and administrative records of Special Counsel Robert Mueller 's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election . ( Judicial Watch v. U.S. Department of Justice ( No . 1:17-cv-02079 ) ) .The lawsuit was filed after the Department of Justice failed to respond to an July 10 , 2017 FOIA request seeking the following : On July 7 , 2017 , The Washington Post reported that Special counsel Mueller submitted a proposed budget to the Justice Department , Judicial Watch is pursuing numerous additional FOIA lawsuits related to the surveillance , unmasking , and illegal leaking targeting President Trump and his associates during the FBI 's investigation of potential Russian involvement in the 2016 presidential election . `` The Mueller special counsel investigation is growing with seemingly little concern about costs to the taxpayer , '' said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton . `` Is the Justice Department hiding basic budget information about the Mueller special counsel operation because taxpayers and Congress would be outraged by the costs ? Mr. Mueller is not above the law and he should n't be able to keep his budget secret . No one else in DC seems to be providing oversight of the Mueller juggernaut , so once again it is up to the citizens group Judicial Watch to go to court and demand accountability . ''
FILE PHOTO : A factory of Shanshui Cement is seen in production in Liaocheng , Shandong province , April 1 , 2004 . REUTERS/China Daily/File Photo
HONG KONG China Shanshui Cement Group Ltd said its executives were attacked with pepper spray , smoke bombs and water guns and then held for two hours by associates of a former official when they tried to retake control of company property .
According to the Securities Times newspaper , Shanshui Cement executives organised a crowd of around 600 people , wearing red arm bands , white gloves and wielding sticks and axes , to storm and gain control of a company facility in the city of Jinan .
The abnormally hostile corporate battle is the latest development in current management 's dispute with former deputy general manager Mi Jingtian . Accusing him of `` suspected misconduct '' , the company said in December it had suspended Mi from his duties at unit Shandong Shanshui and all its subsidiaries .
Shanshui Cement said in its filing on Monday it had appointed legal advisers to take action against Mi and his associates over what it described as an illegal occupation and criminal action .
Mi could not be reached for comment . It was not known if he has retained a lawyer .
Photos run by business website Sina.com showed smoke billowing from a facility described as the Shanshui Cement plant .
An employee at the affected Shanshui Cement facility who answered the phone told Reuters there had been a confrontation . The employee , who declined to identify himself , also said that Mi had 'acted lawfully ' .
Jinan police could not be reached for comment . Other contact numbers for Shanshui Cement , either in Jinan or Hong Kong could not be obtained .
Shares in Shanshui Cement have been suspended since April 2015 as its public float fell below the 25 percent minimum level required after Tianrui Group raised its stake to become the company 's biggest shareholder . A Tianrui representative was not immediately available for comment .
At the end of February , its unit Shandong Shanshui Cement defaulted on a 1 billion yuan ( £118 million ) bond .
( Reporting by Donny Kwok and Umesh Desai in HONG KONG , Adam Jourdan and SHANGHAI NEWSROOM ; Writing by Anne Marie Roantree ; Editing by Edwina Gibbs )
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
One in six care homes are at risk of failure due to rising costs and lack of funding , a new study warns today .
Research by accountancy firm Moore Stephens found a “ persistent ” lack of funds has put major financial pressure on the care sector .
The growing use of agency workers because of problems recruiting and retaining employees has also pushed up staff costs to an all-time high , said the report .
Lee Causer , of Moore Stephens , said : “ Too many businesses in the care home sector are heading back to the brink .
“ The mixture of rising costs , cuts in funding and an aging population has created a volatile situation , with many companies now showing signs of significant financial stress . ”
( Image : Getty )
Labour said the report was yet another sign that the Government is failing elderly people and must increase spending on social care .
Local councils - which are responsible for funding social care - have seen their budgets slashed by central government repeatedly since 2010 .
Shadow Social Care Minister Barbara Keeley said : “ Tory Ministers have repeatedly ignored warnings that underfunding is causing a crisis in the care sector - and now one in six care homes are under threat .
“ This lack of funding damages the quality and safety of care and makes the care sector fragile and more prone to risk of failure .
“ It is time ( Health Secretary ) Jeremy Hunt finally woke up to this deepening crisis in care and the Chancellor committed to the £1 billion of extra funding needed to stabilise the care sector and fund a decent living wage for care staff . ”
4 min read Make More Happen
8 Steps to Embracing Thought Diversity
Leaders must be open to thought diversity in order to create growth , attract new talent , and generate new marketplace opportunities .
Coordinating film
Known by her stage name Susan Grantham , Susan Hannaway is a local talent from Schuylkill County .
She acts , models and sings in addition to being a director at a Black Dog Venture Partners .
Hannaway studied acting , commercials and teleprompter at the Burt Reynolds Institute of Film and Theatre in Jupiter , Florida . A classically trained soprano , she studied under Beverly Eiche Kriner and Cora Gamelin-Osenbach and was member of the Tucson Masterworks Chorale . In 2016 , she sang the national anthem at the Yuengling Oktoberfest 5K .
Hannaway 's latest role is the project coordinator for a film in Los Angeles , California .
She is a graduate of the Invisible University , Alvernia University and Blue Mountain High School .
Hannaway is a daughter of Robert and Carol Hannaway , Orwigsburg , and recently moved back to the area from West Palm Beach , Florida .
Volunteer service
Joan M. Koslosky , retired librarian from Cressona , and Cindy Ross , author/adventurer/speaker , New Ringgold , were honored with the President 's Volunteer Service Award in recognition of their volunteer hours of community service . They received these awards May 7 in a ceremony at the Inn of Orwigsburg .
The awards were presented by Barbara Edelman , chairwoman of Clan Irwin Association , a certifying organization that is approved to review and verify a volunteer 's hours and order and distribute the President 's Volunteer Service Awards .
The President 's Volunteer Service Award is an initiative of the Corporation for National and Community Service and is administered by Points of Light . Through a shared mission of inspiring more to answer the call to service , the award celebrates the impact we can all make in bettering our communities and our world .
Along with the presidential recognition , Koslosky and Ross received personalized certificates , official pins and a congratulatory letter from President Barack Obama ( awards were granted in 2016 ) .
Koslosky received the highest honor , the President 's Lifetime Achievement Award for those who contribute more than 4,000 hours of service in their lifetime . She serves on the boards of the Gabriel Chamber Ensemble and Anthracite Philharmonic . She manages the Gabriel Youth Orchestra and volunteers with the Rotary Club of Pottsville , Salvation Army , Schuylkill Haven Public Library and Retired and Senior Volunteer Program . She is the current president of PSEA-Retired , PA Association of School Retirees and Friends of the Schuylkill Haven Public Library .
Ross received a Gold Award for her volunteer work with River House PA. River House PA facilitates healing through nature , in the form of outdoor adventures , recreational opportunities and workshops for veterans and their families who have been affected by trauma .
River House PA is a non-profit organization that provides the skills necessary to enable participants to go into the natural world and feel comfortable , confident and safe . The desire of River House PA is that each individual receive the gifts gleaned from the natural world and utilize those gifts to heal and achieve well-being .
Valentine 's Day is less than two weeks away and if you still need ideas on the perfect gift , we 've got you covered ! Lifestyle and entertainment expert Josh McBride stopped by with gift ideas for any man in your life ! Collection by Michael Strahan Collection - JC Penney Legacy Republic Memory Makeover Kit - legacyrepublic.com Armitron Watches - Armitron.com Mint Sim - mintsim.com DXL Men 's Apparel Sport Shirts & Ties - destinationxl.com Esquire Grooming 3-in- 1 Shampoo , Conditioner & Body Wash - Ulta BirchboxMan Subscription - BirchboxMan.com
Guyana to access more lucrative forest product markets
GINA , GUYANA , Tuesday , February 14 , 2017
Guyana and the European Union ( EU ) will be signing the Voluntary Partnership Agreement ( VPA ) under the European Union Forest Law Enforcement Governance and Trade ( EU/FLEGT ) initiative that was adopted by this country in 2003 .
The VPA will see Guyana having access to more lucrative markets in the EU for its timber products . It will also see improved governance at all levels , more revenues , capacity building , international recognition and reform policies and laws where needed .
Commissioner of the Guyana Forestry Commission ( GFC ) , James Singh explained that upon the completion of the agreement between Guyana and the EU , the VPA will be used as a legal binding agreement . Singh was speaking at a consultation session with the North Rupununi District Development Board ( NRDDB ) at Bina Hill , Annai , Region Nine over the weekend .
Minister of Indigenous Peoples ' Affairs , Sydney Allicock ; Chairman , National Toshaos Council ( NTC ) , Joel Fredericks , Attorney at Law , Nigel Hughes and Head of the Institute of Applied Science and Technology ( IAST ) , Professor Suresh Narine were also present .
“ I am happy to report that before the course of this year , before June we will be able to sign the initial agreement . This agreement will bring tremendous benefits to us , Guyana has always had access to markets , but it will help us to have access to more lucrative markets in the EU , and it will facilitate a system for trading to be made very easy , ” Singh told the village leaders .
Over the last two weeks , the National Technical Working Group , the entity tasked with coordinating activities leading up to the VPA , has been conducting sensitisation sessions with residents of the North , South and Central Rupununi . “ You the stakeholders play an integral role in this , ” Singh told the gathering .
Fredericks spoke of the role of the NTC in the agreement process , which he said is to ensure that the Indigenous peoples ' rights are respected . He said they depend on the forest for their livelihood , and it is important that they ( the people ) are supported so that they will be able to better manage and secure their resources .
“ The VPA will give you an opportunity to know what you have as your resources… some communities have already started to map their resources . So our resources are very important to us and we also must learn how to preserve them . In some of the villages they are ready for the EU/FLEGT VPA because here is an opportunity for them to do business . Some of the villages depend on logging and they should tap into the EU market , ” the NTC chairman said .
Meanwhile , the village leaders expressed concern over the tracking system , which involves the use of a registered machine to operate in concessions , filling out of permits , and geo-tagging .
Chairman of Aranaputa Village Council , Adon Jacobus said that it will be difficult for the residents of the North Rupununi since most of the vehicles that transport products are used by more than one village . For example , if the central village has a tractor and trailer , that same vehicle is used by its satellite villages , he cited .
Singh explained that once the tractor is operating in the concession , then it has to be registered to the concession , however if the tractor is only used to extract the produce then it does not have to be registered .
Minister Allicock encouraged the village council to organise a meeting with the residents and designate three persons to study the process and work along with the council to ensure full compliance once the VPA is enforced . He also urged them to make representations on behalf of the villages .
The EU/FLEGT initiative has also brought together a number of agencies including the National Insurance Scheme ( NIS ) and the Guyana Revenue Authority ( GRA ) . Head of the FLEGT Secretariat , Kenny David said that “ when we talk about legality , it goes beyond just cutting timber from an illegal source , whether that source is your private lands or state lands because we recognise these agencies play a very important role and this role will continue . ”
He further noted that the initiative will significantly improve the tracking system of timber products in Guyana .
By : Synieka Thorne
( Fixes typo in headline )
OSLO May 3 Lundin Petroleum 's Gohta oilfind in the Norwegian Arctic contains less oil and gas than previously thought after disappointing drilling results , the company and the Norwegian Petroleum Directorate ( NPD ) said on Wednesday .
`` The resource estimate for the find will have to be reduced after this well , '' the NPD said in a statement .
Lundin Petroleum is the operator of the find and has a stake of 40 percent . Aker BP is a partner with a 60-percent stake . ( Reporting by Gwladys Fouche , editing by Terje Solsvik )
New Delhi : With an aim to providing first-and-last-mile connectivity , railway PSU IRCTC has announced a partnership with cab aggregator Ola , giving commuters an option book taxi on its app .
The tie-up , a six month pilot project , will give customers access to Ola booking services when they visit the IRCTC Rail Connect App and on its website , the IRCTC said in a statement .
The Ola cab facility will provide all the services offered such as Ola Micro , Ola Mini , Ola Auto , Ola Share etc . On the same price available directly on the IRCTC Rail Connect App and website .
However , customers would not be entitled to any discount , sources said .
Customers can choose to book cabs up to seven days in advance or upon reaching the railway station . In addition , the IRCTC outlets at railway stations or Ola 's self-serving kiosk will also enable commuters to book cabs .
The partnership will provide first-and-last-mile connectivity to commuters , an IRCTC spokesperson said .
`` The ease of travel of our commuters is of prime importance to us and we believe that this association will help in delivering unparalleled convenience to the users on our platform , fostering and strengthening the culture of Digital India , '' the spokesperson said .
At Easter Egg Roll , Melania Trump appeared to nudge President Trump to place his hand over heart at start of the National Anthem . PO-58MO pic.twitter.com/JI1marXyaq
'DUDE , WAKE UP ' Melania Trump Had To Nudge President Trump To Put His Hand On His Heart For The National Anthem
At the annual Easter Egg Roll , Melania Trump had to remind her husband to place his hand on his heart for the National Anthem .
( WTNH ) — Adam Byington , a former police officer in Fairfield who served as a school resource officer , has launched a company that is lending a helping hand to students trying to stop school shootings in America .
“ Voices Not Cries ” is a billboard of sorts that carries that message .
This Saturday , there will be walks across Connecticut and the nation called “ March for Our Lives , ” spearheaded by the students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School which lost 17 to gun violence .
Related Content : Local lawmakers speak out against gun violence with students
Byington is trying to make sure their voices are heard .
“ You do n't know what to do because , how can you actually help these people ? You fell helpless , yes , as an individual , and then you watch the students speak and you hear their voices and you realize that I served on a council and that was the testimony we missed . The testimony for the students , ” explained Byington . “ And they spoke louder than anybody and that gave me the idea and ignition , that is , as amazing the students are , it ca n't just be these kids , it has to be all of us . And so , it came to the idea that it has to be all of our voices if we want to make an impact , if we want to end the cries , it takes all of our voices . ”
Related Content : Connecticut officials concerned about push to arm teachers
To learn more , visit www.voicesnotcries.com .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The nominations for the 75th Golden Globe awards dubbed 'Hollywood 's party of the year ' were announced on Monday .
Netflix series ' Stranger Things and The Crown and HBO drama Big Little Lies led the way on the small screen while Dunkirk and The Post picked up multiple nods in the motion picture categories .
Even the nominations boasted a stellar line-up with actresses Sharon Stone and Kristen Bell among those reading out the announcements .
Family Guy funnyman Seth Myers is set to host the main proceedings , which will be televised on NBC on Sunday 7 January .
The Diamond Anniversary Golden Globes will take place at the Beverley Hills Hilton Hotel and commends achievements in both film and television .
The nominations are :
Call Me By Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture
Jessica Chastain , Molly 's Game
Sally Hawkins - The Shape Of Water
Frances McDormand - Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Meryl Streep - The Post
Michelle Williams - All The Money In The World
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture
Timohée Chalamet - Call Me By Your Name
Daniel Day-Lewis - Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks - The Post
Gary Oldman - The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington - Roman J. Israel , ESQ .
Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
I , Tonya
Lady Bird
Best Screenplay
The Shape of Water
Lady Bird
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
The Post
Molly 's Game
Best Animated Feature
Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Coco
Ferdinand
Loving Vincent
Best Original Score
Carter Burwell , Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Alexander Desplat , The Shape of Water
Johnny Greenwood , Phantom Thread
John Williams , The Post
Hans Zimmer , Dunkirk
Best Foreign Language Film
A Fantastic Woman
First They Killed My Father
In the Fade
Loveless
The Square
Best Television Series – Comedy
Black-ish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
SMILF
Will & Grace
Actor in a TV Series - Comedy :
Anthony Anderson , Black-ish
Aziz Ansari , Master of None
Kevin Bacon , I Love Dick
William H. Macy , Shameless
Eric McCormack , Will and Grace
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture made for television
Big Little Lies
Fargo
Feud : Bette and Joan
Top of the Lake : China Girl
The Sinner
Actor in a Limited Series :
Robert De Niro , The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law , The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan , Twin Peaks
Ewan McGregor , Fargo
Geoffrey Rush , Genius
Actress in a Limited Series :
Jessica Biel , “ The Sinner ”
Nicole Kidman , “ Big Little Lies ”
Jessica Lange , “ Feud : Bette and Joan ”
Susan Sarandon , “ Feud : Bette and Joan ”
Reese Witherspoon , “ Big Little Lies ”
Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series , Limited Series
David Harbour , Stranger Things
Alfred Molina , Feud
Alexander Skarsgard , Big Little Lies
David Thewlis , Fargo
Christian Slater , Mr . Robot
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy :
Pamela Adlon , Better Things
Alison Brie , Glow
Rachel Brosnahan , The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Issa Rae , Insecure
Frankie Shaw , SMILF
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
England fans partied into the night after finally winning a World Cup penalty shoot-out .
The Three Lions are through to the quarter-finals where they will face Sweden after seeing off Colombia on spot kicks on Tuesday night .
Eric Dier struck the winning penalty , in what was England 's first shoot-out victory at a major tournament since they beat Spain at Euro 96 , sending the country into delirium .
Fans up and down England spilled onto the streets and celebrated through the night after the win .
The game was watched on big screens in pubs , bars and pop-up venues up throughout the north and south .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Chants of 'It 's Coming Home ' rang around , while a Gareth Southgate song to the tune of Atomic Kitten 's Whole Again was popular amongst revellers .
And for the lucky few fans who were inside the stadium in Moscow , it was a memorable experience .
`` It was heartbreaking for it to go to extra time the way it did , you just thought 'here we go again , ' '' said 28-year-old Londoner Matthew Jordan at the Spartak Stadium .
( Image : REUTERS )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
`` For once Lady Luck shined on us ! Roll on Sweden ! '' he added , referring to England 's opponent in the quarter-finals in Samara on Saturday .
Jack Salisbury , a 23-year-old England fan who lives in Moscow , added : `` England looked convincing for the last 30 minutes of the game and I feel Colombia were undeserving of their goal .
`` The penalty shootout was pretty unnerving . A lot of credit needs to go to Jordan Pickford . He stood tall for the penalty he saved . ''
The wives and girlfriends of England 's players also celebrated the victory around the world .
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
( Image : 144626-5 )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
Rebekah Vardy , Ruby Mae , Charlotte Trippier , Megan Davison and Fern Hawkins were all in Moscow supporting their partners and were snapped excitedly celebrating following the match .
Prince William , a keen football fan , also offered his congratulations to the team on the Kensington Palace Twitter .
`` I could n't be prouder of @ England - a victory in a penalty shootout , '' he wrote .
`` You have well and truly earned your place in the final eight of the World Cup and you should know the whole country is right behind you for Saturday !
`` Come on England ! W . ''
( Image : KensingtonRoyal/Twitter )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
In London , ecstatic fans brought traffic to a halt on one of the capital 's busiest roads as they celebrated the victory .
Footage showed how hundreds of supporters spilled out from the pubs and clubs and onto Shoreditch High Street in east London on Tuesday night .
Fans waded into the middle of the busy road , forcing dozens of London buses to line up in a row as they waited for the crowd to move .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Twitter user Elizabeth Stranges wrote : `` I had to get off the bus at Shoreditch High Street because people were literally dancing and singing in the road and buses could n't get through . ''
Another wrote : `` Lol I know I sound like a wet but seriously why are you topless shouting at a police riot van in Shoreditch cos of some penners . ''
`` Absolutely mad scenes in Shoreditch right now , everyone 's screaming at each other . imagine england actually won the whole thing , '' another added .
Description :
Brick Pavers-Global Market Status and Trend Report 2013-2023 offers a comprehensive analysis on Brick Pavers industry , standing on the readers ' perspective , delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights . No matter the client is industry insider , potential entrant or investor , the report will provides useful data and information . Key questions answered by this report include :
Worldwide and Regional Market Size of Brick Pavers 2013-2017 , and development forecast 2018-2023
Main manufacturers/suppliers of Brick Pavers worldwide , with company and product introduction , position in the Brick Pavers market
Market status and development trend of Brick Pavers by types and applications
Cost and profit status of Brick Pavers , and marketing status
Market growth drivers and challenges
Request For sample Report @ https : //www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/2914105-brick-pavers-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
The report segments the global Concrete Mixers market as :
The report segments the global Brick Pavers market as :
Global Brick Pavers Market : Regional Segment Analysis ( Regional Production Volume , Consumption Volume , Revenue and Growth Rate 2013-2023 ) :
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Rest APAC
Latin America
Global Brick Pavers Market : Type Segment Analysis ( Consumption Volume , Average Price , Revenue , Market Share and Trend 2013-2023 ) :
General Brick Pavers
Wall Brick Pavers
Global Brick Pavers Market : Application Segment Analysis ( Consumption Volume and Market Share 2013-2023 ; Downstream Customers and Market Analysis )
Residential
Commercial
Industrial
Global Brick Pavers Market : Manufacturers Segment Analysis ( Company and Product introduction , Brick Pavers Sales Volume , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin ) :
Belgard
Acme Brick Company
The Belden Brick Company
Wienerberger
Pine Hall Brick
Redland Brick
Mansfield Brick & Supply
GAULT STONE
Glen-Gery Corporation
Watsontown Brick Company
Bharat Bricks Industries
Michelmersh Brick Holdings PLC
Endicott
Ibstock
Taylor Clay Products
Interstate Brick
GENERAL SHALE
Complete Report Details @ https : //www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/2914105-brick-pavers-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
Table Of Content
Chapter 1 Overview of Brick Pavers
1.1 Definition of Brick Pavers in This Report
1.2 Commercial Types of Brick Pavers
1.2.1 General Brick Pavers
1.2.2 Wall Brick Pavers
1.3 Downstream Application of Brick Pavers
1.3.1 Residential
1.3.2 Commercial
1.3.3 Industrial
1.4 Development History of Brick Pavers
1.5 Market Status and Trend of Brick Pavers 2013-2023
1.5.1 Global Brick Pavers Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
1.5.2 Regional Brick Pavers Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
Chapter 2 Global Market Status and Forecast by Regions
2.1 Market Development of Brick Pavers 2013-2017
2.2 Production Market of Brick Pavers by Regions
2.2.1 Production Volume of Brick Pavers by Regions
2.2.2 Production Value of Brick Pavers by Regions
2.3 Demand Market of Brick Pavers by Regions
2.4 Production and Demand Status of Brick Pavers by Regions
2.4.1 Production and Demand Status of Brick Pavers by Regions 2013-2017
2.4.2 Import and Export Status of Brick Pavers by Regions 2013-2017
Chapter 3 Global Market Status and Forecast by Types
3.1 Production Volume of Brick Pavers by Types
3.2 Production Value of Brick Pavers by Types
3.3 Market Forecast of Brick Pavers by Types
Chapter 4 Global Market Status and Forecast by Downstream Industry
4.1 Demand Volume of Brick Pavers by Downstream Industry
4.2 Market Forecast of Brick Pavers by Downstream Industry
Chapter 5 Market Driving Factor Analysis of Brick Pavers
5.1 Global Economy Situation and Trend Overview
5.2 Brick Pavers Downstream Industry Situation and Trend Overview
Chapter 6 Brick Pavers Market Competition Status by Major Manufacturers
6.1 Production Volume of Brick Pavers by Major Manufacturers
6.2 Production Value of Brick Pavers by Major Manufacturers
6.3 Basic Information of Brick Pavers by Major Manufacturers
6.3.1 Headquarters Location and Established Time of Brick Pavers Major Manufacturer
6.3.2 Employees and Revenue Level of Brick Pavers Major Manufacturer
6.4 Market Competition News and Trend
6.4.1 Merger , Consolidation or Acquisition News
6.4.2 Investment or Disinvestment News
6.4.3 New Product Development and Launch
Chapter 7 Brick Pavers Major Manufacturers Introduction and Market Data
7.1 Belgard
7.1.1 Company profile
7.1.2 Representative Brick Pavers Product
7.1.3 Brick Pavers Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Belgard
7.2 Acme Brick Company
7.2.1 Company profile
7.2.2 Representative Brick Pavers Product
7.2.3 Brick Pavers Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Acme Brick Company
7.3 The Belden Brick Company
7.3.1 Company profile
7.3.2 Representative Brick Pavers Product
7.3.3 Brick Pavers Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of The Belden Brick Company
7.4 Wienerberger
7.4.1 Company profile
7.4.2 Representative Brick Pavers Product
7.4.3 Brick Pavers Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Wienerberger
7.5 Pine Hall Brick
7.5.1 Company profile
7.5.2 Representative Brick Pavers Product
7.5.3 Brick Pavers Sales , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin of Pine Hall Brick
Continued…… .
CONTACT US :
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales @ wiseguyreports.com
http : //www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph : +1-646-845-9349 ( US )
Ph : +44 208 133 9349 ( UK )
CLOSE Senior captain was hurt in JMU game last year Kevin Tresolini , The News Journal
Buy Photo Delaware linebacker Charles Bell talks on the sideline during Delaware 's Blue-White game Saturday at Delaware Stadium . ( Photo : William Bretzger , The News Journal ) Buy Photo
Charles Bell was in obvious pain when he walked slowly off the field with assistance at Delaware Stadium after being hurt while making a tackle against James Madison last Sept. 30 .
When the senior linebacker was then rolled out of the stadium and into the Carpenter Center in a wheelchair soon after , it was quite apparent the injury was n't of the bump or bruise variety .
It was a tough sight for teammates .
“ It was really heart-breaking knowing that a guy who works so hard , on a play like that giving his full effort , could be gone like that , ” said Joe Walker , then Delaware 's quarterback and now a wide receiver . “ It really crushes you . ”
Two days later , Blue Hens football coach Danny Rocco announced that Bell had indeed suffered a serious injury – a broken back .
Rocco then added a somewhat surprising scenario for the third-year starter , who 'd played in all 38 games to that point since he 'd arrived at Delaware , with 26 straight starts , and was in his second year as a team captain .
While back injuries often lead to concerns of paralysis and other long-term ailments that could preclude one from returning to the football field , Rocco said doctors had already told Bell he 'd be safe to return .
Now the start of preseason camp for the 2018 season is four weeks away . Bell relishes the sweat and toil it takes to get there as much as anyone as the Blue Hens engage in daily conditioning drills to prepare .
His football career could have been over . Worse , he could have suffered an injury with life-altering consequences .
“ I 'm excited for camp to get here . It 's been a long nine months , ” Bell said this week after one of Delaware 's morning workouts in the Field House and on the outdoor track .
Buy Photo The Delaware defense , including ( from left ) Charles Bell , Troy and Colby Reeder and Cam Kitchen tackles Delaware State running back Mike Waters for a safety in the first quarter at Delaware Stadium . ( Photo : William Bretzger , The News Journal )
The 6-foot , 230-pound Bell , from Conestoga , Pennsylvania , and Penn Manor High , was Delaware 's lone first-team All-Colonial Athletic Association pick in 2016 . He returns to a veteran defense that , it 's hoped , can propel the Blue Hens back into the NCAA playoffs , from which they have now been absent for seven , long seasons .
His inside-linebacker sidekick in Delaware 's 3-4 alignment , Troy Reeder , and fellow senior safety Nasir Adderley have received preseason All-America notice .
Because the injury happened in the fourth game , Bell was able to get the year of eligibility back and return for another season .
“ People were like ‘ Did he get the wind knocked out of him ? ' then all of a sudden he 's in a wheelchair , ” Reeder remembered . “ You care so much but then we 're in the game against the best team in the country . It slowly got more and more like , ‘ What 's going on here ? '
“ Luckily we were able to play a pretty good game and settle in and then afterward trying to have his back the rest of the season . ”
Buy Photo Delaware defensive back Anthony Jackson ( left ) and linebacker Charles Bell tackle James Madison quarterback Bryan Schor in the second quarter at Delaware Stadium . Bell was injured on the play and did not return . ( Photo : William Bretzger , The News Journal )
The injury occurred when Bell and outside linebacker Anthony Jackson brought down JMU quarterback Bryan Schor on an 11-yard run in the second quarter of the Dukes ' 20-10 win .
“ When it first happened , I could n't catch my breath and when I walked off , ” Bell said , “ that 's when I could really feel it . When I hit the sidelines it 's just when it all caved in at once . A lot of pain . ”
A bumpy ambulance ride to Christiana Hospital worsened Bell 's discomfort .
X-rays and an MRI revealed a compression fracture of his T-6 vertebra , a season-ending injury , but no spinal damage . Spinal injuries in football most often occur when there is straight-on head contact , which did n't occur on this play .
Learning it would n't necessarily end his football career was a relief and Bell was willing to do the work to get back . He could have elected to have a rod placed in his back to stabilize the area , but that would have meant no football .
“ It 's probably always gon na be there in my life , ” he said . “ I 'm always gon na have some sort of stiffness or pain . It 's just a matter of how I take care of my body .
“ Everyone from the coaches to the trainers to the doctors has been great . We took it slow through the spring . Now I 'm just about 100 percent . I do everything , full go . ”
Contact Kevin Tresolini at ktresolini @ delawareonline.com . Follow on Twitter @ kevintresolini .
A body was found today in Lake Dubuisson . ( Photo : Lester Duhe - KLFY )
The body of a 21-year-old Shreveport woman was found in Lake Dubuisson early this morning .
According to the St. Landry Parish Sheriff 's Office , a fisherman headed to Toledo Bend hooked the woman 's purse containing her ID this morning and contacted authorities .
A search and rescue team found her body in the lake at about 10:30 a.m. today , Sheriff Bobby Guidroz said .
Guidroz said the woman was reportedly abducted while visiting Alexandria . Investigators believe her body had been in the lake since last night or the day before .
Next of kin is still being notified .
We have a news crew headed to the scene .
Anyone with information about this case is asked to call the St. Landry Parish Sheriff 's 337-948-6516 .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.dailyworld.com/story/news/local/2017/12/11/body-abducted-shreveport-woman-found-st-landry-parish-lake/941200001/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Alastair Cook has vowed to plough on and answer his critics by rediscovering his best form for England after a miserable and inconsistent winter .
His threadbare return of 23 runs in four innings in New Zealand came on the back of an indifferent ash , and left many wondering whether the end is nigh for England 's greatest run scorer .
But far from consider his retirement , Cook is determined to prove that the winter was just a dip in form and he can still offer skipper Joe Root major contributions this summer and beyond .
“ If you play 100-odd Test matches there 's going to be little periods when you do n't score the runs , ” admitted Cook . “ But I 've always managed to turn it around .
“ I just never got going in New Zealand . That tours kind of passed me by before I even got past the fifth over , which is frustrating . You go all that way , you train , and you just do n't turn up . It does happen .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : REUTERS )
“ One thing I do know is that it does n't get any easier . But while I still want to get out and bat and put myself under pressure and sit in the changing room enjoying all that stuff , I 've got to do it .
“ Over the last six months , I 've never been quite so inconsistent though , and since I 've come home I 've started to look at my preparation . Have I got it right ? Do I need to change things ? ”
Two double hundreds in his last 18 innings tells you he can still perform , but a top score of 39 in the remaining 16 knocks tells you it has been feast or famine which is why questions about his future refuse to die down .
Cook is one game away from equalling Allan Border 's record for playing 153 consecutive Test matches and while new national selector Ed Smith is not going to stop it from being broken , the pressure is on the former skipper .
Launching Yorkshire Tea 's National Cricket Week in conjunction with Chance to Shine , which runs in schools from 18-22 June , giving thousands of children across the country the chance to learn and play through cricket , Cook added : “ My job never changes . If you do n't score runs there 's been times throughout my career where people have questioned my place like they are questioning it now .
“ If someone taps me on the shoulder and tells me they do n't want me to open the batting for England it is going to hurt at this precise moment of time because I want to carry on .
( Image : AFP )
“ Scoring a hundred in six hours is very satisfying and I hope I 've got a few more in me . ”
As the man with more Test hundreds to his name than any other Englishman , Cook is understandably concerned about the way in which white-ball cricket is dominating the agenda , not because he does n't like it , but because of the marginalising affect it is having on the red-ball game .
Cook is open minded about the new 100-ball concept which is due to arrive in 2020 , but he remains concerned at the impact it could have on Test cricket which has been the pre-eminent format for so long , but is being squeezed .
“ I do fear for long form cricket , ” he added . “ Sport is an entertainment in one sense , but it 's also a business and obviously all the money is going into T20 cricket at the moment .
“ It 's going to be very hard to talk kids into the longest form - why would you at this precise moment in time , put yourself through the stresses and strains of a five-day game , when there are more incentives for the three-hour crash-bang-wallop .
“ I do n't have a problem with the new format . T20 changed the landscape of cricket and whether this 100-ball game will change the landscape I do n't know but I do n't think we should totally write it off . ”
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain admitted Arsenal have simply not been good enough in recent weeks which has left their hopes of a top-four Premier League finish hanging by a thread .
The Gunners won away from home in the league for the first time since January 14 at Middlesbrough on Monday evening to drag themselves to within seven points of where they want to be with seven games remaining .
Their focus immediately switched to Sunday 's FA Cup semi-final showdown with Manchester City at Wembley , and Oxlade-Chamberlain is hoping for more of the same after something of a recalibration ahead of the battling 2-1 win at the Riverside Stadium .
He told the club 's official website : `` What we 've done previously in the last few games has n't been good enough . We needed to take responsibility for that and we 've done that this week between ourselves .
`` We knew it did n't matter how we won , we needed to go out there and get back to the basics , and that 's making sure that our commitment levels were right to play for this football club .
`` It 's a massive honour to play for a team like Arsenal . You 've got to give it 100 per cent week in , week out , and maybe that had been slipping in the last few weeks .
`` That was the first thing we needed to get back to and we did that . The three points were massive . ''
Goals from Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil either side of Alvaro Negredo 's equaliser secured the points on Teesside , but under-pressure Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger took a calculated risk ahead of kick-off .
Fearing that opposite number Steve Agnew might throw the muscular Rudy Gestede in alongside Negredo in a two-pronged attack , he employed a three-man rearguard for the first time in his 20-year reign .
It was something new with which his players had to contend , but ultimately , it paid dividends .
Oxlade-Chamberlain said : `` It was something new for us . We worked on it this week . It was a change and new for a lot of us , but I think we 've adapted really well to it .
`` Especially in the first half , I thought it worked really well for us . In the second half , Middlesbrough came out and made it a lot more difficult . They went direct at the end , but all in all , it was a new system and we 've got the three points with it - that 's all that matters . ''
The victory came as a relief to the 2,995 travelling fans among a crowd of 31,298 with the club 's only successes on the road since their 4-0 league win at Swansea coming at Southampton and non-league Sutton in the FA Cup .
Oxlade-Chamberlain added : `` Look , it 's a massive club and that 's one thing that as players it 's an honour to play for .
`` To see them come all the way up here and support us after a tough time means everything and we need to keep fighting for them . ''
Two women , two parallel lives , 70 years apart… both hit by a terrible tragedy and both beset by secrets and lies .
The invisible threads of fate are drawing together their dramatic stories at a beautiful Jacobean mansion deep in the Oxfordshire countryside , a place where hidden truths will finally be revealed .
Lulu Taylor , queen of a string of classic winter-warming novels like The Snow Rose and The Winter Children , casts a snow-spangled spell in a gripping , dark-edged and atmospheric mystery which comes ice-packed with intrigue , menace and romance , and stars two young widows facing up to deceit and betrayal .
In 1947 , the worst winter in decades hits England , cutting off the inhabitants of Kings Harcourt Manor , a house dating back to the Elizabethan and Jacobean periods . For Thomasina ( Tommy ) Elliot , widowed at the start of war , it is particularly hard because the burden of taking care of the family falls on her .
She has the solace of her two children , Antonia and Harry , and the interesting presence of her brother 's friend , Fred Burton Brown , who was badly burned in an accident during the war years in North Africa .
But there is also Tommy 's difficult and constantly sniping mother , and Barbara Hastings , a manipulative , mysterious figure from her past who has turned up unexpectedly needing a temporary home and who appears to want a piece of Tommy 's future as well .
In the present day , we meet Caitlyn Balfour who thinks her marriage to good-looking businessman Patrick is a success . He might be a ‘ controlling perfectionist ' who has talked Caitlyn into sending their only child Max to a boarding prep school… but Patrick is one of the few people not to fall head over heels for her friend Sara , a pre-Raphaelite style beauty who seems to catch the eye of every man .
She thought they were happy until Patrick is killed in a road accident after phoning her only minutes before with a strange , garbled message saying he had something to tell her about Sara .
With her existence turned upside down , Caitlyn is forced to reassess everything she thought about her marriage , what she truly knows about Patrick , and his real feelings for her best friend . In the refuge of an old manor house in Oxfordshire , she begins to discover the truth…
Taylor has evolved into an exciting and talented novelist , immersing her readers in compelling , beautifully written stories which deliver emotion , rich psychological insight , intrigue and suspense as well as plenty of stunning twists and turns .
In Her Frozen Heart , she cleverly weaves between the fortunes of Caitlyn and Tommy , exploring fascinating similarities in their fraught situations but also exposing the vast differences between the privations , rationing and social restrictions of women in the tough post-war period and the experiences and pressures of women in the 21st century .
Thrilling , escapist and provocative , this is the perfect fireside read for winter nights !
( Pan , paperback , £7.99 )
Washington : U.S. President Donald Trump denounced neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan as criminals and thugs on Monday , bowing to mounting political pressure to condemn such groups explicitly after a white-nationalist rally turned deadly in Virginia .
Trump had been assailed from across the political spectrum for failing to respond more forcefully to Saturday ` s violence in Charlottesville . The head of one of the world ` s biggest drug companies quit a presidential business panel as a result , saying he was taking a stand against intolerance and extremism .
Critics slammed Trump for waiting too long to address the bloodshed , and for initially denouncing hatred and violence `` on many sides , '' rather than singling out the white supremacists widely seen as instigating the melee .
Democrats said Trump ` s reaction belied a reluctance to alienate white nationalists and `` alt-right '' political activists who occupy a loyal segment of Trump ` s political base . Several senators from his own Republican Party had harsh words for him .
Some 48 hours into the biggest domestic challenge of his young presidency , Trump tried to correct course .
`` Racism is evil , and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans , '' the president said in a statement to reporters at the White House on Monday .
`` We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence , '' he said .
A 20-year-old man said to have harboured Nazi sympathies was arrested on charges of plowing his car into protesters opposing the white nationalists , killing 32-year-old paralegal Heather Heyer and injuring 19 other people . The accused , James Fields , was denied bail at a court hearing on Monday .
Trump said anyone who engaged in criminal behaviour at the rally would face justice , the Republican president said .
`` I wish that he would have said those same words on Saturday , '' responded Democratic Senator Mark Warner of Virginia on MSNBC . `` I ` m disappointed it took him a couple of days . ''
A group of local community leaders meeting in Charlottesville likewise said they were unimpressed by Trump ` s latest message .
“ Why did it take criticism from his Republican buddies to move him ... to adjust the moral compass that he does not possess ? ” said Don Gathers , who serves as chairman for the city 's commission on monuments and memorials .
Trump lashed out at his critics again later on Monday on Twitter : `` Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realise once again that the # Fake News Media will never be satisfied ... truly bad people ! ''
As the chorus of outrage over Virginia grew louder on Sunday , Trump stayed silent on the matter while at his golf course in Bedminster , New Jersey .
Early Monday , he took to Twitter - his preferred method of communication - to attack Democrats over trade deals and to endorse a political candidate in Alabama , but said nothing about white supremacists .
In a strong rebuke to Trump early on Monday , the black chief executive of Merck & Co Inc , Kenneth Frazier , resigned from a business panel led by the president , saying expressions of hatred and bigotry must be rejected .
Trump quickly hit back on Twitter , but made no reference to Frazier ` s reasons for quitting the panel , instead revisiting a longstanding gripe about expensive medicines . Frazier would now have more time to focus on lowering `` ripoff '' drug prices , Trump tweeted .
GLOBAL REACTION
The jarring images of violence from Charlottesville and the heated public debate over racism resonated around the world , particularly in Europe where leaders are contending with a wave of xenophobia .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel told local broadcaster Phoenix on Monday that clear and forceful action must be taken to counter right-wing extremism , and that `` we have quite a lot to do at home ourselves . ''
About 130 people demonstrated outside the U.S. Embassy in London , some with placards reading `` Fascism is not to be debated , it is to be smashed , '' and `` I am an ashamed American . ''
Facebook introduced its Safety Check feature back in 2014 . You can use this feature to let your friends know that you are safe during a natural disaster or other crisis in your area .
Now , Facebook has added a new update to its Safety Check system , which has brought in some new features . The most highlighted one is , now users can start and donate to a fundraiser directly via Facebook . The feature will start to be rolled out `` in the coming weeks in the US . '' As of now , the feature will be available to only those living in the US . We hope , it makes its way out to other parts of the world as well .
The social network giant has also expanded the Community Help , which is a feature that let users coordinate within their local community to ask for or provide help when needed . Initially , the feature was only limited to Android and iOS devices . Now , it will be available on desktop as well .
So far , users could only mark themselves safe with the Safety Check . Now , they will get the option to attach a small note along with the Safety Check . So both the marking and the note will be visible in the News Feed of your friends .
In addition to this , there is a new feature which allows users to put the description of the crisis that triggered the Safety Check . It is helpful because previously it was assumed that everyone would know that something happened . However , in some cases , people may not be aware at all . Now , a detailed description of the event/crisis will appear so that people come to know about it properly .
HUTCHINSON , Kan. — One person has been injured in a two-vehicle accident involving a semi .
Reno County 911 says the accident happened just after 8 a.m. when a pickup was struck by the semi at the intersection of E. 11th Avenue and K-61 .
One person was taken by EMS to Hutchinson Regional Medical Center with serious injuries . No names have been released at this time .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A former escort has married HERSELF in a romantic beach ceremony in a celebration of 'healing ' after a series of bad relationships ,
Emmajane Love admitted the relationships made her turn to partying and sex to mend her broken heart - so now she 's committed to 'sologamy ' .
At her beach wedding , on Australia 's Gold Coast on Valentine 's Day , she recited vows of self-love into a mirror and now she is acting as a celebrant for other people hoping to wed themselves .
The self-described ' love priestess ' felt so inspired after her own self-marriage that she is now determined to help other people follow in her footsteps and become their own soul mate .
Since , Ms Love has facilitated 41 self-nuptials in retreats costing up to £1,550 ( AUD $ 2,600 ) - and she 's set to take the trend to America to help 400 people get hitched in a mass-ceremony .
( Image : Caters News Agency )
The service involves declaring your eternal love , respect an commitment to yourself before celebrating with speeches and cake .
While some brides choose to dress up in wedding gowns , others wear nothing at all .
Ms Love from Christchurch , New Zealand , said : `` We 're conditioned as women to think we should find a prince , ride off into the sunset and live happily ever after .
`` But you do n't need someone else to complete you . Looking for that can have the opposite effect .
`` I ended up in codependent relationships where I numbed my emotions through partying , sex and my career .
`` ' I knew I needed to go on a healing journey to start loving myself first . I lost myself in my relationships and the ritual was a celebration of finding myself again .
( Image : Caters News Agency )
( Image : Caters News Agency )
`` Afterwards , I got this mix of emotions . It was a feeling of sadness for the old me I was leaving behind and happiness for the radiant woman I had become .
`` Once I started sharing my journey , more and more women stared reaching out to me telling me they wanted me to make the same one . ''
Although many of Ms Love 's clients have gone through a recent breakup , some are singletons - or even already married .
So far self-marriage seems to be most popular with career-driven females aged 25-50 of Australian or New Zealand heritage .
And while critics accuse people who wed themselves of being narcissistic , Ms Love said that is a misunderstanding as selfishness and self-love are very different .
Though it is not legally binding , the trend of sologamy is blossoming the world over and Ms Love believes this is only the beginning .
( Image : Caters News Agency )
Ms Love said : `` Narcissists do n't love themselves , it 's a mask . But sologamy is selfless . It 's about loving and committing to yourself first so you can love others more fully .
`` Some of the women that contact me have given their power away in their relationships with friends , family and lovers . After healing themselves , they can change all that .
`` Because of my old job , a lot of girls come to me to reconnect as sexual beings . They are seeking intimacy , and our identity is closely entwined with that .
`` There is definitely a rise in people comfortable with being alone . People are becoming more open minded . ''
Earlier this week Italian fitness trainer Laura Mesi married herself , having a ceremony complete with a big white dress , a cake and bridesmaids .
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Do not underestimate the importance of Arsenal 's game in Bayern Munich .
It could be the night which goes a long way to deciding Arsene Wenger 's future as Arsenal manager .
It is a defining moment , a match which will tell us whether Arsenal have pushed on , made progress and if Wenger will stay beyond his current contract .
Paris Saint-Germain 's thrashing of Barcelona shows that anything is still possible , even in the Champions League . There is also no doubt of the incredible lift that victory will give PSG as a club .
It is the same with Arsenal as perhaps Bavaria will act as some sort of barometer for Wenger .
A good result in the Allianz Arena , if they can overcome mighty Bavaria , then the whole mood changes around Wenger 's future .
Another disappointment , a poor performance , then it will only add fuel to the fire to the Wenger Out Brigade who want change this summer .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Arsene Wenger and Laurent Koscielny speak ahead of Bayern Munich tie Share this video Watch Next
They have met Bayern so many times - this will be the fourth in five seasons - and yet in the knock-out ties have always come out second best .
It is all very well to say Arsenal are making progress but if they are then now is the time to prove it .
It is the chance for Wenger to prove that his current squad is better than before , they are making strides and can compete again on the big European stage .
Alexis Sanchez is a world class talent , Mesut Ozil as well , and this is their opportunity to make a big statement in the Champions League .
( Photo : Stuart MacFarlane )
I think Wenger 's future is about 50/50 of whether he stays or goes . I genuinely think he is undecided and the next few months will dictate what happens next .
Whether Arsenal can finish in the top four . Whether Arsenal can win the FA Cup . And perhaps most importantly , whether they can actually compete in the Champions League .
They need to put on a strong performance , they can not afford to buckle against Bayern and they need to at least take the tie to the second leg .
( Photo : BT Sport )
What is a good result ? A narrow defeat with an away goal . A draw . Or , even though they are huge underdogs , an unlikely away win .
I think Arsenal will set up to keep it tight , to ensure they have pace on the counter attack and they must be resilient in the early stages to ensure they do not concede an early goal .
To let in an early goal would deflate them badly , the fans would think they have seen it all before and that could open the floodgates .
But a strong , mature and disciplined performance would really lift Arsenal 's whole season and put them back in a better place ready for the business end of the campaign .
This is huge for Arsenal tonight , not just in terms of a one-off game but it can really shape Wenger 's future and whether he stays or goes as manager .
Brantley singled in the first when the Indians took a 2-0 lead against Lopez , whose wild pitch brought in Greg Allen with Cleveland 's first run before Cabrera delivered a one-out sacrifice fly .
Since moving into the No . 2 spot in Cleveland 's order , Brantley is batting .368 ( 29 of 79 ) with six homers , 18 RBIs and 20 runs scored .
MANAGING MILLER
The Indians are still working out a treatment plan for All-Star reliever Andrew Miller , who has been on the disabled list three times in the past year with a right knee issue .
Miller has not been effective since returning from a hamstring injury on May 11 . He visited a specialist in New York on Wednesday , and manager Terry Francona said the tests and examination gave Miller `` some peace of mind . ''
The 33-year-old is not expected to need surgery at this time . Francona said the team will likely have more information Thursday in Minnesota on the next course of action for Miller , who is 1-3 with a 4.40 ERA in 17 appearances .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
White Sox : INF Matt Davidson ( back spasms ) will be re-evaluated when the team returns home for a weekend series against Milwaukee . Davidson , tied for the club lead with 11 home runs , was placed on the DL on Monday .
Indians : Injured OFs Bradley Zimmer ( bruised left rib ) , Lonnie Chisenhall ( strained right calf ) and Brandon Guyer ( strained neck ) are all making progress . Francona said Zimmer is the closest to being activated .
UP NEXT
White Sox : LHP Hector Santiago starts against Milwaukee in the opener of a three-game series Friday . He picked up his first win of the season on May 26 , allowing one run in five innings against Detroit .
Indians : Rookie Shane Bieber will make his major league debut — on his 23rd birthday — in the opener of a four-game series at Minnesota . A fourth-round pick in 2016 , Bieber has quickly risen through Cleveland 's system . He pitched a rain-shortened , seven-inning no-hitter for Triple-A Columbus last week . He 's is the first pitcher in Cleveland history to debut on his birthday .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbasebal
By Tom Withers , The Associated Press
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Could it actually be coming home ?
England 's first ever penalty shootout win at a World Cup finals - and their first of any kind in 22 years - means the Three Lions have seen off Colombia and are into the quarter-finals .
Gareth Southgate 's side will now face Sweden , into the last eight for the first time since 1994 , for a spot in the semi-finals .
The winner will then face either hosts Russia or Croatia , both of whom passed the second round with penalty wins over Spain and Denmark respectively .
The quartet is unlikely to ever get a better chance of reaching a final .
( Image : Getty )
( Image : REX/Shutterstock )
On the other half of the draw things are even more interesting , with four of the more fancied sides still going strong .
Brazil remains the tournament favourites with bookmakers , and they made light work of a dangerous Mexico side in the second round . They will face Belgium , through by the skin of their teeth after coming from two goals down to beat Japan 3-2 .
Kylian Mbappe inspired France past Argentina in arguably the game of the tournament in their last 16 fixtures , the teenage phenom scoring twice in a 4-3 win as Lionel Messi and the Albiceleste were sent home .
Les Bleus face another South American mission in the quarters , with Uruguay having done a number on the European champions , Edinson Cavani bagging a brace .
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
So who now are the most likely winners ?
Here are the Mirror Football 's updated power rankings ahead of the quarter-finals .
Let us know your thoughts @ MirrorFootball ...
Note : The power rankings are done in order of anticipated likelihood to win the competition and qualify for the next round , taking into account both long-term results , recent performances and the cards that have been dealt . The idea is that too much should never be read into any single result .
8 . Sweden
( Image : Getty )
Sweden are n't pretty , but my word they 're hard to beat . In their four games at these finals they 've been behind for only the moments following Toni Kroos ' stunning freekick winner in the 2-1 loss to Germany .
A team that runs itself into the ground and refuses to quit , they may be limited but they play within their limits , built on a collective work ethic instilled by Janne Andersson .
However , there is only so far that defensive nous and the over-reliance on Emil Forsberg for spark can carry them . Eventually they are bound to come unstuck , it 's just a matter of when . That , and because this is not their home tournament , they rank below Russia on our list .
Regardless , Zlatan Ibrahimovic watches on ruefully .
7 . Russia
( Image : AFP )
Labelled the worst Russian side ever by members of the home press , expectations were low pre-tournament .
But Stanislav Cherchesov 's side put in excellent performances against Saudi Arabia and Egypt to book a last 16 spot - before being brought back down to earth with a bump by Uruguay .
Hammered 3-0 by the South Americans , the momentum looked to be gone . Then somehow they held Spain out for 120 minutes , conceding only to an own goal , and won on penalties , Igor Akinfeev the hero with two saves . They should have been beaten , but Spain were just so toothless that they were able to cling on and then held their nerve .
They ca n't possibly see off Croatia too ... can they ?
6 . Belgium
( Image : 2018 Getty Images )
Make no mistake , Belgium got out of jail against Japan .
Having qualified for the last 16 with three wins from three and nine goals scored , Roberto Martinez 's men looked to have the dream draw against the Blue Samurai . However , tactical naivety and a lethargic opening 60 minutes meant they found themselves two goals down .
Credit Martinez for the changes and to Marouane Fellaini for wreaking havoc . Credit Kevin de Bruyne for casting aside his shackles with a 94th minute surge and Nacer Chadli for finishing an outstanding counter to give them victory .
But if they play in a similar fashion , with a similar formation , against Brazil , then expect them to be absolutely destroyed in Kazan . This is the biggest test Belgium 's 'golden generation ' has faced since the Euro 2016 loss to Italy ; they do n't often play teams who are perceived as better ( or at least on a par ) with them .
They may ( on paper ) be the third/fourth best side left at the finals but they are the most fragile side on their half of the draw . They either improve drastically , do things smarter , or they go home .
5 . England
( Image : Getty )
The Three Lions secured a World Cup first in the last 16 , by winning a penalty shootout .
The win over Colombia showed that Gareth Southgate 's side , the youngest left at the finals and very much one learning on the job , are growing in stature . The clash was far from pretty and in terms of technical quality was one of the worst in the second round , as it descended into something of a blood-feud with plenty of sniping , play-acting and late challenges on display .
But John Stones , Harry Maguire and the whole team grew in Moscow , showing the stomach for the fight and going out and winning a game that already looked won after Yerry Mina 's 93rd minute equaliser . It was an excellent display of heart .
Now they will again be asked to use their heads , when they face an obdurate Sweden side who will allow England to dominate the ball and ask them to break them down . With six-goal Harry Kane on fire , there 's every chance , but there remains the worry that England are very-much set-pieces or bust when it comes to notching at these finals .
Can the likes of Raheem Sterling , Jesse Lingard and Dele Alli create or take chances when it 's really necessary ?
4 . Uruguay
( Image : Getty )
La Celeste 's reward for winning Group A with a 100 per cent record and without conceding a goal was a nightmare draw ; if they want to get to the final , they 'll have to go past Portugal , France in the last eight and then likely favourites Brazil .
Part A of that has been achieved , Edinson Cavani 's double seeing off the Seleccao . It was an excellent display where they never allowed Portugal to gain a foothold on proceedings and kept Cristiano Ronaldo at arm 's length throughout .
When all is said and done , playing more expansive sides plays into the hands of veteran coach Oscar Tabarez and a stubborn , difficult , battle-hardened team , who are still to be behind at these finals .
This is the final hurrah for the likes of Diego Godin , Luis Suarez and Cavani and they look determined to make the most of it . They win matches not necessarily by raising their game , but rather by dragging opponents down to where they want them .
France looks a mouthwatering clash already and one that they will truly believe they can come out the other side of with a victory . Cavani faces a fitness test - losing him would be a major blow .
3 . Croatia
( Image : 2018 FIFA )
Croatia put in the performance of the tournament with their 3-0 decimation of Argentina , a match in which they toyed with the South Americans and were absolutely outstanding during the group stage .
Binning off Ante Cacic and his dour tactics for Zlatko Dalic has already proved well worth it . But in the last 16 against Denmark , we saw signs that the pressure was starting to get to the Vatreni , although they eventually won on penalties .
In the last eight , there is no doubt that they are favourites to beat Russia . Like Spain , they will dominate and control the hosts , and Luka Modric and Ivan Rakitic must ensure that , unlike the Spanish , they do n't lose focus on the task at hand and retain clarity .
They have a clear pathway to the final , because they are the best team on that side of the draw . Their quarter-final is a battle of mentality and a battle with themselves , as much as anything else .
Can they keep their heads against the hosts ?
2 . France
( Image : 2018 Getty Images )
They have impressed for probably a grand total of 45 minutes at the World Cup finals .
They laboured to a win over Australia , and continued to play within themselves in the 1-0 win over Peru . That pattern continued in the draw with Denmark , and you simply can not just turn playing well off and on like a tap .
Didier Deschamps is still yet to find a balance in midfield and attack that really works and Les Bleus are a side that too often look less than the sum of its parts . They dumped out Argentina with an at-times irresistible attacking display - led by the breathtaking pace by Mbappe - but left holes in defence and conceded three times to a side that contained Messi but had been little more than shambolic in Russia .
Now they meet a Uruguay side who wo n't give them space , who will defend deep and smother them . There have to be questions marks over Deschamps and his ability to affect matches in play , whether with substitutions or tactical changes , while Messrs. Cavani and Suarez can hurt them .
However , with the amount of talent that they possess , with genuine quality right through the side , they are serious contenders . That 's why they are our No.2 .
1 . Brazil
( Image : AFP/Getty )
The favourites and , quite frankly , the best side on show in Russia thus far .
Tite 's side have n't thrilled completely at the finals , and they do n't really dominate opponents . But much like Real Madrid in the Champions League , they rely on their key men being able to make the difference in the most important moments of matches .
Mexico was another case in point . In the opening 20 minutes their rock solid defence - still only one goal conceded - stood firm as El Tri attacked with vigour ; Alisson barely had a save to make once more , such was the job of those in front , marshalled by Thiago Silva , playing once more like he 's back in his AC Milan pomp . Then they took control of the game and had the brilliance of Neymar to make the difference .
The £200million superstar has n't been at his free-flowing the best just yet - with Tite insisting he 's still not 100 per cent - but he 's getting closer , while Philippe Coutinho has stepped up to be a genuine Golden Ball contender .
Every opponent , bar Switzerland , have failed to land a glove on them . Ahead of their mouthwatering clash with Belgium , they remain our No.1 .
Fixtures
Uruguay vs France ( Friday , 3pm , Nizhny Novgorod )
Brazil vs Belgium ( Friday , 7pm , Kazan )
Sweden vs England ( Saturday , 3pm , Samara )
Russia vs Croatia ( Saturday , 7pm , Sochi )
Winner betting odds via Betfair :
Brazil 11/4 ; France 7/2 ; England 4/1 ; Croatia , Belgium 13/2 ; Uruguay 14/1 ; Russia 20/1 ; Sweden 25/1
FOR those who prefer to clean the house in style ( or accessorise in that oh-so-chic washing up way ) , Calvin Klein 's $ 515 rubber gloves are here just for you .
As shown in the brand 's spring/summer '18 collection , which showed at New York Fashion Week in September , these pink rubber gloves have finally hit the market , available now on Ssense for a cool $ 515 . Available in a `` rose pink '' and complete with the Calvin Klein logo at the cuff , the gloves are certainly statement-making , and will go perfectly with the brand 's yellow rubber T-shirt or skirt ( both $ 3280 ) , for a full Hitchcock-esque take on daytime dressing .
The rubber gloves by Calvin Klein .
In the Calvin Klein show where the gloves made their debut , the audience was treated to designer Raf Simons ' take on horror , with a collection packed with scary-movie motifs straight out of The Shining as well as references to prom gone wrong . Drawing off the season 's huge PVC trend ( which peaked with Chanel 's plastic-focused spring/summer '18 show in Paris ) the gloves are yet another take on turning the ordinary into extraordinary - Balenciaga 's $ 2000 Ikea bag , anyone ?
So if you 're looking for the perfect gift for someone who really , really loves to wash up ( or just want to channel serious horror movie feelings with your next purchase ) , then what are you waiting for ?
This article originally appeared on Vogue Australia and has been republished with permission .
Sentimental Brits would prefer to receive a Christmas card than a text or email , a study has found .
Researchers found despite high tech methods to deliver messages of goodwill , most still yearn for a good old fashioned handwritten card .
Half of adults polled in the Oxfam study would be devastated to receive a festive communication over social media instead of a heartfelt Christmas card .
Eight in ten admit they 'd hate to see technology taking over one of their favourite times of the year , and 64 per cent think those who do n't bother to send a card have lost the true spirit of Christmas .
An overwhelming 83 per cent believe more thought and feeling goes into the written word than a quick-fire text message or post .
And nine in ten adults still believe a Christmas card is the most fitting festive greeting of all .
Fee Gilfeather , Head of Customer Experience at Oxfam , said : “ Us Brits love our traditions , and this survey proves our nation is united when it comes to festive greetings .
“ Electronic messages just ca n't replace reading a handwritten message from a well-wisher , or the lovely decoration they bring when strung up at home . ”
Two thirds of those polled admitted they would be offended to receive a Christmas text , festive photo filter or seasonal status update from parents , siblings or a best friend .
Distant relations
According to seven in ten , these types of messages during the festive period are only appropriate for distant acquaintances - and even then a considerable two thirds still preferred a card through the mail than a message in an inbox .
Two thirds of Brits are warmed by the idea of the thought and effort that goes into choosing , writing and posting a Christmas card - while 37 per cent look forward to reading the greeting inside .
Half of those polled feel sending a card shows someone really cares - and for one in ten , the sound of a card coming through the letterbox makes them feel a little less lonely .
On the other hand , 46 per cent said digital greetings are too easy to send , and lack the thought and effort that a traditional hand written card brings .
More than one third disliked the thought of online friends firing off messages to everyone in their contacts list , like a Christmas conveyor belt .
But if Christmas cards is a numbers game , Brits are totalling some impressive festive figures : sending an average of 23 greetings each year , and spending an average 45 minutes writing them - approximately two minutes on each .
Though there are many people to consider , and much to say when carefully crafting cards each December - unsurprisingly , parents received the lengthiest messages , while best friends , siblings and children also receive detailed tidings .
Christmas round robin
More than four in ten adults said they use Christmas cards as a round robin - a traditional way of communicating to distant family and friends what has happened during the year - and seven in ten considered it a fantastic way of keeping in touch .
But it 's not always the season of goodwill when it comes to Christmas greetings - as almost one in ten have ‘ defriended ' someone because they did n't receive anything from them .
What 's more , a name spelt wrong and a card received after Christmas were considered the ultimate faux pas - as was a stamped name and a hastily scrawled signature .
While one in five feel nauseous receiving personalised cards of a beaming family , including the family pet among the list of senders also makes the list of seasonal social blunders .
Through only one third of adults feel every single card message should be different from another , eight in ten Brits said Christmas cards receive more thought and feeling than a digital greeting ever could .
Cider fans rejoice — husband and wife duo , Talia and Daniel Haykin , launched a new small-batch cidery in Aurora . Called Haykin Family Cider , the fresh location presents an array of limited releases on tap , with a comfy bar offering cider by the glass or in flights . But no matter how you choose to imbibe , each cider focuses on Colorado apples with fruit from several local orchards .
“ We know the Colorado climate is n't always kind to growers , so our goal is to utilize mainly Colorado fruit but we have other sources , as well , if we need it . We know our growers well , appreciate them and their exceptional fruit , and want to showcase how incredible Colorado is for apples , ” said Daniel .
This slideshow requires JavaScript .
Every cider you can try at the location is named for the apple varietal it showcases . Currently , you can find Masonville Orchards ' Summer Apples , Ela Family Farms ' Harrow Sweet Pear Perry , Ela Family Farms ' Jonathan and Opal on tap . But unlike other cideries , the duo approaches cider like sparkling wine . So rather than growlers or well-designed 750ml bottles are available to take home . In these bottles you can find Masonville Orchards ' Rome Beauty , Ela Family Farms Cox 's Orange Pippin , and Masonville Orchards ' Ruby Jon .
“ We are just like a winery in many respects , ” shared Talia . “ We only use apples and yeast and really try to showcase the individual apple like you would a grape varietal . ”
The Haykins are both hard-working professionals — Daniel is an investment advisor and Talia is a marketing consultant . Mainly motivated by the opportunity to share their delicious draught with a wider audience , the pair admits they do n't believe the venture will allow them to quit their day jobs . But after winning several awards at Great Lakes International Cider and Perry Competition ( GLINTCAP ) ( aka the “ Super Bowl ” for cider as Daniel would put it ) we 're betting they 'll be pleasantly surprised .
Haykin Family Ciders is located at 12001 E 33rd Avenue , Unit D. Aurora . It is open Thursday – Saturday 5:30 – 9 p.m .
All images courtesy of Haykin Family Cider .
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Moira and Cain Dingle receive some devastating news about their young son in tonight 's Emmerdale .
A routine check-up at the clinic turns into a very upsetting visit when Isaac is given a gut-wrenching diagnosis .
Coming as every parent 's worst nightmare , the doctor reveals that the baby might have a heart problem .
The heartbreaking news threatens to send Moira , who has struggled to deal with becoming a mum again , over the edge .
( Image : ITV )
Will Cain be able to settle her fears and provide support to his ex ?
Meanwhile , Adam acts on impulse after hearing Ross ' shock confession .
Elsewhere , Lisa is fearful that the Dingles will lose their home .
* Emmerdale airs tonight on ITV at 7.00pm
In 2017 , the GP3 Series once again produced fierce and competitive racing which ended with Briton George Russell being crowned champion .
For the seventh time in the eight years of the GP3 it was ART Grand Prix who led the way with Jack Aitken , Nirei Fukuzumi and Anthoine Hubert completing the top four – Giuliano Alesi was the best placed non-ART in the championship .
ART unsurprisingly claimed the Teams ' Championship by ending the season with 590 points – a staggering 305 points more than their nearest rival Trident .
Despite the ever present ART dominance , the series ended with nine different race winners with a further five drivers making it onto the podium . Every driver that took part in every race scored points .
Remarkable Russell
Prior to the start of the season , it was announced that Russell had been named as the newest member of the Mercedes-AMG Junior Driver Programme – with its other members being Pascal Wehrlein and Esteban Ocon .
This opportunity also gave Russell the chance to take part in Formula 1 practice sessions in Brazil and Abu Dhabi with Force India – the Briton is also in contention for the reserve driver role with for the team next year . Unlike last year 's champion – and next season 's Alfa Romeo Sauber F1 driver – Charles Leclerc , Russell did not feel that he had any issues with jumping out of an F1 car straight into his GP3 machinery .
It was a quiet opening weekend for Russell at the Circuit de Catalunya but brought a large points haul for the ART driver with fourth and fifth place finishes .
Round two at the Red Bull Ring the advantage of the ARTs was showcased clearly with the four drivers dominating the Feature Race . Russell claimed his first of four pole positions and first of four race victories – all of which came in the Feature Races . In addition to his four victories , Russell appeared on the podium a further three times .
Consistency played a key role in Russell claiming the title as the only times the Briton did not score any points was at the Hungaroring – after suffering from technical gremlins during the formation lap for the Feature Race , Russell was unable to make the race start before coming through the pack to eleventh place in the Sprint Race .
Qualifying was a strong point for Russell all season , with him gaining 16 points just from qualifying in pole position .
Russell ended the year on 220 points , 79 more than his nearest rival Aitken .
The challengers
It was hard for anyone to come close to the ARTs as the team took seven of the sixteen race wins on offer . As well , the team claimed every pole position – four for Russell , two apiece for Aitken and Fukuzumi . A record in the series .
However , the season saw nine different winners : Russell , Aitken , Fukuzumi , Alesi , Arjun Maini , Raoul Hyman , Alessio Lorandi , Niko Kari and Dorian Boccolacci . A further five drivers claimed podium finishes : Hubert , Ryan Tveter , Daniel Ticktum , Kevin Jörg and Leonardo Pulcini .
Aitken ended up second in the championship , coming off the back of a positive rookie season in 2016 . The Briton claimed one race win , the Feature Race at the Hungaroring to capitalise on Russell 's misfortune . The British-Korean driver featured on the podium a further five times but five races where he did not score any points hindered any hopes he had of seriously challenging his team-mate for the title .
Following a difficult final few races for Aitken , Fukuzumi nearly had the chance to take the place of vice-champion away from Aitken but was unable to do so after misfortune on his own behalf . Two victories and four further podiums was how the Japanese driver ended the series . Six races in which he did not score puts a dampener on a largely positive season for Fukuzumi .
Hubert did not have an as successful season as his team-mates , with second place at Silverstone his best result . Consistency was a major factoring in Hubert 's season as there was only two races in which he did not score any points . Throughout the season Hubert was consistently quick , and gained eight points from claiming the fastest lap in race . Hubert , claiming fourth in the championship despite not winning any races is further proof that ART are certainly the team to beat .
After a slow start to the season – although it did feature second place at the Red Bull Ring – Alesi did not really get going until he claimed his first victory in the Sprint Race at Silverstone . From there he claimed a hat trick of Sprint Race victories after winning at the Hungaroring and Spa-Francorchamps . The latter half of the season was uneventful for Alesi who added a handful of points to his tally . The Frenchman ended the season with 99 points to his name , 24 less than his countryman Hubert and 121 less than Russell .
Despite only joining the championship at Monza , Dan Ticktum was highly impressive which was backed up by two fourth places and a podium in the finale at Yas Marina . The Briton ended the season eleventh in the championship standings with 36 points , despite the fact he only took part in five races all season ( the Monza Sprint Race was cancelled due to adverse weather ) . It was the redemption the Briton needed after misdemeanors in other formula .
Tatiana Calderon further proved herself as one of the leading figures for women in motorsport after beating her own record for the most points for a female driver in the series . After a seventh and an eighth place finish , Calderon ended the year with seven points to her name . The Columbian ended the season in eighteenth place in the final standings .
Jörg and Hyman were the only drivers to reach the chequered flag in every race , ending the season in twelfth and thirteenth respectfully – the pair separated by just one point in the standings .
What is to come in 2018 ?
The future of the GP3 Series is one that is very much up in the air . With falling grid numbers a merger with the European Formula 3 series – which is also being hit by depleting grid numbers – to boost its exposure has been proposed . This would also bring the GP3 under the FIA umbrella such as what happened to its sister series GP2 prior to this year . If this merger is to go ahead the series will run in GP3 's slot on the F1 support package .
Currently , Briton Callum Ilott is the only driver confirmed for next season . The 19 year old who is the first British member of the Ferrari Driver Academy will line up for reigning champions ART next year .
As reigning champion , Russell will be ineligible to return to the series with him likely to step up to Formula 2 with ART with Aitken also having tested for them following the season finale .
After joining the series in 2016 , DAMS have opted to leave ahead of the 2018 season with their entry being filled by Dutch outfit MP Motorsport .
Having been absent from the calendar in 2016 and 2017 the series will return to Sochi , as well as making its debut at Le Castellet in France .
The expanded seven round calendar will feature the first ever triple header made up of a trip to France , June 22-24 with Austria and Britain the subsequent weekends .
Three pre-season tests will take place next year at : Le Castellet , Jerez and Circuit de Catalunya as teams look to finalise their line ups for the season . Racing gets underway at Circuit de Catalunya May 11-13 .
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Ryan Mason has warned Luke Shaw to leave Manchester United in a bid to save his career .
Shaw has struggled for game time ever since Mourinho took charge at Old Trafford , and has come under scrutiny from the United boss on more than one occasion .
The 22-year-old was hooked at half-time against Brighton on Saturday and Mourinho did n't hold back when asked to explain why in his post-match press conference .
`` Luke , in the first half , every time they went in this corridor , the cross was coming , the situation was coming so I was not happy with the performance , '' said the Red Devils manager .
The comments are of stark contrast to when he claimed Shaw to be one of the best left-backs in the world in January .
( Image : @ SkySportsPL/Twitter )
( Image : Manchester United )
Speaking on Sky Sports ' The Debate Mason urged Shaw to leave United .
`` I 'm not too sure what he 's [ Mourinho ] up to but it 's clear to see he 's not a fan of Luke Shaw as a player , '' said the former Hull City and Spurs star .
`` I think it 's vitally important for Luke to get out and start playing and enjoying football again because at the moment it looks as though he 's scared on the football pitch , he does n't have any freedom and it 's very difficult for a footballer to have a game if you feel like that . ''
( Image : Action Images via Reuters )
( Image : Man Utd via Getty Images )
Mason added : `` He 's young , he 's low on confidence and off the back of bad performance to come out and criticise him again is not nice to see , I do n't like seeing it , I 'm sure some of the players in that dressing room do n't like seeing it either .
`` But there is this thing about Mourinho , he 's a winner , there 's no doubt about that . And he 's not bothered about dropping someone if they do n't pull their weight for the team - and we 've seen that with Pogba recently .
( Image : PA )
( Image : Laurence Griffiths )
`` Some players you can say something and get a reaction but we 've not seen that and to keep going after him it 's obviously not had the desired effect and it 's got to the point where it 's not nice to see . ''
Mason continued : `` What we 're seeing with his direction is strong , he 's obviously coming out and criticising him in the press - I personally do n't think that 's the right way to go about things .
`` They 're the sort of things where you should be getting the player in the office , explaining to him what he 's done wrong and speak him through it .
`` I do n't feel like Luke should be sitting there hearing it from a press conference before he 's spoken to the manager individually . ''
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
With her squeaks about “ calm leadership ” and retaining the “ full support of the Cabinet ” our weak and wobbly Prime Minister has again shown how rudderless the country now is .
Hapless May 's inability to sack treacherous Boris Johnson proved she lacks leadership and that the Tories remain disunited . It means she 's either terrifyingly deluded or frightened of being straight with the country .
Worryingly , this is a moment when the nation is crying out for strong leadership , with fiendishly challenging Brexit negotiations and a faltering economy just two of the major issues requiring an able PM in Downing Street .
Instead we find ourselves in a Tory bind , when either May splutters on , mocked and without respect , or the Conservative Party spends weeks , perhaps months , fighting over who would replace her .
Britain deserves better , much better , than these incompetent Tories .
Amendments slicing through the red tape for trade and business licenses were approved in the LA on Friday . According to Commerce Minister , Hon . Joey Hew the amendments to the Trade and Business law removes more than 50 % of requirements for the licenses , effectively making it more easy for Caymanian business owners to get a license . Minister Hew says the amendments also has an aspect many may not fully be aware of . ” Those with multiple location on board will now have the ability to licence them all and renew them all under one licence with different categories annually as it is now if you multiple location you have to have multiple licences that expire at multiple times. ” The bill does not have a commencement date as it has not yet been gazetted
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
click to enlarge Flickr user Matt Drobnik
Show your love for West Ashley with a photo competition and exhibition , a collaborative project from AccuPhotoLab and Studio , West Ashley United , The City of Charleston , and Fabulon Art . Now through March 17 , stop by AccuPhotoLab Studio and grab a $ 25 all-inclusive competition package , which includes your disposable camera , development of film , and entry form.All photos must be taken in West Ashley ; once your camera roll is full , return it to AccuPhotoLab where they will develop the film and print one 8x10 photo of your choice ( no pressure or anything ) . The competition , which puts everyone on an even playing field , will be on display at Hendricks Honda on April 14 , with first , second , and third place prizes awarded in the portraits and places categories.Winning photographs will be enlarged and displayed at West Ashley United Community Day on April 21 , 12-4 p.m. at Citadel Mall .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An Argentine footballer faces being expelled from his club after he boasted of poking an opponent with a NEEDLE during a match .
Federico Allende , a defender with lower league side Pacífico de General Alvear , claimed he kept two needles hidden in his shinpads .
Speaking on a local radio station , Allende claimed he poked Columbian striker Juan Otero several times because `` you need to play dirty '' .
His side , from the city of Mendoza , had just pulled off a cup upset by beating top division side Estudiantes 3-2 .
Allende was invited to speak on the radio about his triumph , but when asked how it was achieved he made a shock confession .
`` I had to resort to the great Bilardo , '' he said .
( Photo : REUTERS )
This was a reference to Carlos Salvador Bilardo , the legendary Argentine manager who won the World Cup with Maradona in 1986 .
The hosts jokingly asked if he meant 'the water bottle ' .
Brazilian defender Branco famously accused Bilardo 's bench of having handed him a water bottle laced with a drug during their second round match in the 1990 World Cup .
But Allende said : `` No , not the bottle . Needles . ''
Bilardo was also accused of having used needles to poke an opponent when he was a player in the 1960s .
When the radio hosts reacted with incredulity , Allende continued : `` What do you expect me to do ?
`` Football is for the clever .
`` We knew we had to make the game dirty , and I was poking the Estudiantes forwards with needles .
`` We knew these players from the First division do n't like it rough , when you take your time , when you play dirty .
`` We saw that was how it was , football is like this . ''
( Photo : Getty Images )
`` The poor guy must have hated me . ''
For his part , Otero later confirmed he had been poked with a needle several times and complained to the referee .
`` Four times he did it , '' Otero said .
`` I changed position because he poked me at every stoppage .
`` I told the referee but he did n't believe me .
`` I told the linesman as well and he just smiled .
`` He poked me in the back . ''
In response , the President of Pacífico said he would throw Allende out of his club .
Héctor Moncada said he was `` saddened '' by Allende 's remarks which had `` tarnished the team 's work . ''
`` If it 's up to me , he 's out of the club , '' said Mr Moncada .
`` The coach agrees . We will have to see because it depends on the other directors too . ''
The revelation sparked a furore in the Argentine media .
Allende later apologised and said he had been joking .
DELHI , ON -
Norfolk council will be asked this week to consider a land swap in Delhi to allow a local business to expand .
Scotts Canada on Highway 59 would like to incorporate 10 acres of farmland into its operation . The addition is needed to accommodate truck traffic and to create space for on-site storage of products .
For that to happen , Scotts needs to rezone the land industrial .
Scotts Canada is a manufacturer and distributor of lawn and garden products . This includes potting soil , top soil , fertilizer and other horticultural products .
Scotts ' plan is complicated by the fact that it needs an expansion of the urban boundary in Delhi . The province has cracked down on these in recent years as a means of controlling urban sprawl .
Queen 's Park will not consider expansions of urban areas unless municipalities have demonstrated that all opportunities for infilling and intensification have been exhausted .
Queen 's Park has also become quite protective of agricultural land . In the case of Scotts , the Ministry of Municipal Affairs has told Norfolk it should consider retiring industrial land elsewhere in the county to compensate for the creation of 10 new acres in Delhi .
“ This expansion area is to be used for outside storage and to facilitate loading and unloading of transport trucks as a building addition is planned for the existing Scotts land , ” Mat Vaughan , a senior planner with Norfolk County , says in a report that Norfolk council will consider Tuesday night .
“ Currently , transport trucks often park along Highway 59 as they wait their turn of loading or unloading . Also , Scotts currently stores finished products elsewhere in the Delhi area . The expansion will allow for a more efficient operation of the industrial plant . ”
In its report , Norfolk 's planning department strongly suggests that the Ministry of Municipal Affairs will block Scotts ' application unless the county retires industrial land in another location .
A further complication is the fact that rezoning 10 acres of farmland to industrial will leave a remnant parcel of farmland less than 100 acres in area . This parcel would need an exemption because Norfolk 's Official Plan defines a viable farm as a parcel 100 acres in size or larger .
Norfolk council will consider several Planning Act applications at its final meeting of 2017 Tuesday at Governor Simcoe Square . This portion of the agenda kicks off at 5 p.m. with several reports file under the Drainage Act . The public is welcome to attend .
MSonnenberg @ postmedia.com
As we get you ready for the Buccaneers ' week of joint practices and eventual preseason game versus the Jaguars , PewterReport.com 's Trevor Sikkema and Zach Goodall of SB Nation 's Big Cat Country went back and forth on the two teams with a little Q & A session to preview the matchup .
Originally posted on BCC , both Goodall and Sikkema answered five question pertaining to the upcoming teams , which players have the most to prove , and if they could take one player from each and swap it to the team they cover , which would it be and why ?
Q : Both the Jaguars and Buccaneers acquired a lot of talent during the 2017 offseason . Who is one new player from each team that you expect to make the biggest impact this season ?
Trevor : For the Buccaneers , as much as many people would think it might be tight end , O.J . Howard , the correct answer is wide receiver DeSean Jackson . Even though acquiring Howard allows head coach Dirk Koetter ( who also calls the plays ) to finally install the two-TE system he 's been trying to install since he got to Tampa , Jackson 's impact is going to be greater in 2017 , I think . They 're not going to just use him as a deep threat ; he 's going to be the team 's top mismatch player on the outside , in the slot and even getting handoffs .
For the Jaguars , they did really well in free agency , and Fournette is obviously going to do his thing , but I 'm going to say it 's Cam Robinson . I can not believe that the Jaguars got Robinson where they did in the draft . He was a monster at Alabama , and he 's going to be the starting left tackle . Though non-statistical , his impact will be the greatest .
Zach : I think cornerback A.J . Bouye , who signed with the Jaguars in March , being paired with Jalen Ramsey automatically gives the Jaguars a top-tier cornerback tandem , and him being added to the Jaguars secondary will take their pass defense to a whole ‘ nother level . Last season , former Jaguars cornerback Prince Amukamara was often targeted near the first down marker and did n't hold his own too well while teams neglected to target Ramsey 's side of the field . With Bouye taking over at cornerback opposite of Ramsey , the team does n't need to worry about the No . 2 CB being picked on . Bouye ended his 2016 season with an interception and 16 defended passes .
As for Tampa Bay , I agree with Trevor . The Bucs have a clear threat at receiver in Mike Evans already , and adding Jackson , as well as Howard and Chris Godwin , to provide Jameis Winston with weapons can turn this offense into something special .
Jackson is a vertical threat who possesses speed to take the top off of defenses , opening up the middle of the field for guys like Howard and Godwin , as well as Evans outside . Trevor mentioned this as well : Jackson can be used all over the field as well — Near the sidelines , out of the slot , and as a ball carrier . All in all , this Buccaneers offense is going to be really fun to watch , and Jackson will be a key component going forward .
Q : The Jaguars and the Buccaneers are on opposite ends of the spectrum in terms of the development of their young quarterbacks . When the 2017 season is over , how do you believe each quarterback — Blake Bortles and Jameis Winston — will have performed ? What do both quarterbacks need to improve on going forward ?
Trevor : Both quarterbacks may be young , but fortunately or unfortunately , we sort of have a good idea of who they are . For Winston , even in his college days , he was a guy who took risks , made big throws but threw too many turnovers . That was his outcome in his final year at FSU , and that was his outcome during his first two seasons as a Buc . But , this year he has , not only the talent , but the right kind of talent around him to be more efficient . I think his efficiency gets a slight bump , and I think he goes over 4,000 yards for the third straight year .
For Blake Bortles , I 'm sorry , Jags fans , I just do n't see it . I ca n't think he 's going to get miraculously better when all the signs point the other way . For him it 's the processing , the decision making and the accuracy . I think there 's a very good chance that this is his last year in Jacksonville , especially with a good quarterback class coming up – in theory .
Zach : Do I need to say much else other than what Trevor said ? Winston is a growing star , and if you 're one to gamble , I 'd consider putting money down on Winston to win the NFL MVP award ( small risk , huge gain ) . With the weapons the Buccaneers front office have provided Winston with , get ready for him to end the 2017 season near the top of statistical charts .
As for Bortles , well , we all know about Bortles and his catastrophic 2016 season . He 's had an up and down training camp and preseason so far and has displayed some of the same decision making issues that he did last year . I love Bortles — He 's a UCF guy , my favorite school , and a charitable guy that pretty much everyone can like as a person — so I really hope he turns things around in 2017 . That , however , would likely require a miracle .
Q : Name one position group from each team that has a significant edge over the other team 's opposing position group .
Trevor : Man , this is a great question . It 's a bit of a tight advantage for the Bucs , because the Jags actually match up well here , but I 'll say that the tight ends , Howard and Cameron Brate versus the linebacker group of the Jaguars would be the Bucs best advantage . Though Jack and Smith have the athleticism to keep up , those tight ends are still savvy . Even with the Bucs ' good receiving group , the Jaguars corners negate an on-paper advantage .
For the Jaguars , it 's their defensive line versus Tampa Bay 's offensive line . I think the Bucs offensive line will be better than it was last year , but Jacksonville 's defensive line is ferocious . Campbell , Jackson and Ngakoue are very nice and I 've read Fowler 's doing well , too . They would have the biggest edge over another Bucs group , I think .
Zach : Looking at both rosters , it 's hard to point out a clear “ advantage ” for either team besides the Jaguars defensive line vs. the Buccaneers offensive line . The Jaguars pass rush will likely take a step forward this year with Yannick Ngakoue , Malik Jackson , Calais Campbell and Abry Jones leading the way . Sheldon Day and rookie Duwuane Smoot are both guys to keep our eyes on as rotational pieces , as well . While the Buccaneers have a solid interior offensive lineman in Ali Marpet , but he is taking on a new position at center and the rest of the line is a bit of a concern .
The Buccaneers pass rush is also likely to do some damage this year . 2016 second round pick Noah Spence will continue to grow after his 5.5 sack rookie season , and Robert Ayers is a guy who can play both inside and outside and find a way to produce sacks and pressure . Gerald McCoy is a beast along the interior , as seen by his seven sacks and 19 QB hurries last year . While the Jaguars offensive line was about league average in pass protection last year , rookie Cam Robinson and the Jaguars offensive line as a whole will be tested this week .
Q : Which “ matchup ” , whether it be unit vs. unit or player vs. player , are you most looking forward to during the joint practices and the Thursday night game ?
Trevor : I 'll give you two – if I 'm allowed to do that .
If cornerback Jalen Ramsey is going to practice , him versus Mike Evans or DeSean Jackson is going to be fun . The reason for that is not just because of the talent , but also the Buccaneers ' corners play a very bend-but-don't-break style of defense , and Ramsey is the opposite as a lockdown corner . It would be the first time a corner with his skill set would be in their face .
The second is Bucs linebacker , Kwon Alexander , versus Jags running back , Leonard Fournette – that 's LSU on LSU . Both of those guys have a mean streak in them , and if they let the two teams hit with some good contact , that could make for some fun collisions in practice .
Zach : I 'll continue on Trevor 's first matchup , but I 'll say the Jaguars secondary as a whole vs. the Buccaneers passing attack . As I mentioned earlier , Tampa Bay 's offense is filled with weapons , as Winston will be throwing to Evans , Jackson , Howard and Godwin . Bouye , Jalen Ramsey , Aaron Colvin , and safeties Barry Church and Tashaun Gipson will be facing quite the challenge this week against the Buccaneers ' receiving corps , and if this Jaguars secondary can live up to it 's potential , all eyes should be on this matchup during every team drill .
Q : Who is one player from the opposing team that you would want to replace a current starter on the team you cover ?
Trevor : I 'll say Cam Robinson just because the Bucs ' offensive line is still unproven . I could easily say Jalen Ramsey , but Vernon Hargreaves and Brent Grimes have been great so far this year for the defense Mike Smith runs . Robinson , even if current left tackle Donovan Smith improves , would play at either tackle and dominate – their current other tackle , Demar Dotson , is fine , but aging .
Zach : Jameis Winston makes this Jaguars team an automatic contender in the AFC South , and potentially takes this team a bit into the playoffs . I expect him to take a huge step this upcoming season , his third in the league .
THE Byron Bay Knitting Nanna 's are on the lookout as they launch their Nanna Coastguard at the Byron Lighthouse yesterday .
Spokesnanna Eve Sinton said the campaign was designed to keep a watchful eye for gas ships from the LNG plants at Gladstone .
`` Treasurer Scott Morrison says we need to turn back 15 gas ships a year to keep the lights on in Australia , ” Ms Sinton said .
`` About 70 % of gas produced in Australia is sold cheaply offshore , leaving Australians short . There is plenty of conventional gas in Bass Strait to power Australia for years .
`` The shortage is being used by gas companies and governments to force more gasfields in the Darling Downs and the Pilliga . ”
Ms Sinton said the Knitting Nannas had seen for themselves the destruction of farms , communities and the environment from Coal Seam Gas and fracking .
`` There is no need for any new gas or coal development in Australia , ” Ms Sinton said .
`` Renewable technology is already capable of powering Australia . The politicians must stop peddling a fake energy crisis and focus on renewables instead . We want the kiddies to grow up in a world with clean air , land and water . ”
New Delhi : Wait , what did just happen ? Did Bollywood actress Sonam Kapoor just made her relationship official with alleged beau Anand Ahuja ? Ummm ... Okay , we are not jumping to any conclusion but her recent Instagram upload has created quite a buzz all over .
The 31-year-old diva on Sunday posted a very special picture on Instagram to wish her fans a Happy New Year . In the image , the 'Prem Ratan Dhan Payo ' star can be seen sharing the frame with Anand .
`` Happy new year folks ! # keepitreal , '' reads the photo caption .
So , what 's cooking between the duo ?
Sonam and Anand have reportedly been spotted together , time and again . It is being said that they are secretly dating each other .
However , no such revelation has been made officially by them .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's a conversation few parents relish having to have to with their kids .
One day , however , said kids will start to get curious and ask questions about sex .
The days of fobbing them off with tales of storks or twee analogies about seeds will be over . You 'll have to be brave and bite the bullet .
Go on , you can do it .
Happily , you can also buy them a book which handily explains the birds and the bees . If you do go down this route , then perhaps you 'll come across this book :
'The Amazing True Story of How Babies Are Made '
Yes , it explains perfectly what goes into making a baby , but it also comes with some seriously graphic images , and it 's divided parents .
( Image : Facebook )
The picture book by Fiona Katauskas poetically describes sex as being like a `` jigsaw puzzle '' where both parties get a `` tingly , excited , very loving feeling . ''
But not everyone had that loving feeling for the book - and it prompted a fierce debate between parents on Facebook .
The beginning chapter is titled 'Sex and making a baby ' and includes details about foreplay and quite a graphic image of a man 's penis inside a woman 's vagina - complete with sperm poised and ready to go .
`` Seriously this is inappropriate to be in a kids section , '' fumed one mum .
( Image : Facebook )
`` Omg really ? There is time for all this c * * p , just let kids be kids they do n't need to know the finer details , '' agreed another .
`` What is wrong with the world , '' lamented another parent .
That said , not everyone took umbrage to it .
`` Get a life people , '' a parent countered , `` you do n't have to buy the book and there is no chance of your kids picking it up in the shop to look at if they are properly supervised . ''
( Image : Facebook )
Fiona apparently wrote the book after struggling to ask the dreaded `` where do babies come from ? '' question from her eldest son .
Nyon , December 11 - Juventus will face Tottenham Hotspur and AS Roma will take on Shakhtar Donetsk in the last 16 of the Champions League , according to the draw at UEFA 's headquarters in Nyon on Monday .
Immunization Clinic
POMEROY — The Meigs County Health Department will conduct an Immunization Clinic on Tuesday from 9-11 a.m. and 1-3 p.m. at 112 E. Memorial Drive in Pomeroy . Please bring child ( ren ) 's shot records . Children must be accompanied by a parent/legal guardian . A $ 15 donation is appreciated for immunization administration ; however , no one will be denied services because of an inability to pay an administration fee for state-funded childhood vaccines . Please bring medical cards and/or commercial insurance cards , if applicable . Zostavax ( shingles ) ; pneumonia and influenza vaccines are also available . Call for eligibility determination and availability or visit our website at www.meigs-health.com to see a list of accepted commercial insurances and Medicaid for adults .
RACO winter yard sale set
RACINE — The RACO indoor winter yard sale is set for Feb. 8-9 at the Racine American Legion from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. daily . There will be no clothing , just other miscellaneous and furniture and appliance items . Money goes into the fund for Southern High School scholarships . The Legion will be serving food for purchase during the event .
RACO Games
RACO Games at the Syracuse Community Center will be held on Feb. 22 . Doors open at 5 p.m. games start at 6 p.m. Purses , cookware , dishes , and many other nice items . Syracuse Community Center will be serving food for sale . Tickets may be purchased from Gina Hart Hill , Kim Romine at 740-992-7079 or 740-992-2067 , Racine Optometric Clinic at 740-949-2078 or from any RACO member .
During the 2016 presidential race , we often heard about “ dysfunction ” within the Trump campaign . Indeed , this was a theme of mainstream media coverage . The Clinton campaign , by contrast , was portrayed as a smooth , if uninspiring , operation .
Only after the election did we begin to learn about discord and dysfunction in Hillaryland . Shattered : Inside Hillary Clinton 's Doomed Campaign , by Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes provided details .
Along , now , comes Chasing Hillary : Ten Years , Two Presidential Campaigns , and One Intact Glass Ceiling by Amy Chozick , who covered the Clinton campaign for the New York Times . I have n't read the book , and probably wo n't . However , a longish excerpt in the New York Times plus a Washington Post book review suggest dysfunction on the part of both the Clinton campaign and Chozick herself . One suspects that Chozick 's dysfunction was shared by the “ girls in the bus , ” her name for the female reporters who comprised almost the entirety of the gaggle that followed Hillary from stop to stop .
Let 's start with the Clinton campaign . Among other things , it was plagued by sexism , at least in Chozick 's telling . For example , some male staffers would ask her ask if there were any other Times reporters , preferably male , they could talk to instead of her .
The worst was Philippe Reines ( to whom Chozick refers not by name but as “ Original Guy ” ) . He comes across as loathsome .
I 'm not sure , as a general matter , how reliable Chozick is when it comes to finding true sexism . However , I think we can trust her when it comes to Reines .
Hillary herself seems mildly sexist . Chozick writes :
For all the lesbian theories , Hillary enjoys nothing more than flirting with a handsome , preferably straight man . She would regularly look past her almost entirely female press corps to call on the Fox News correspondent [ Ed Henry , hardly a pro-Clinton reporter ] , with his cherub cheeks and Pucci pocket squares .
As this passage suggests , Chozick comes across as troubled . Consider , too , this passage from the Post 's book review :
[ Chozick ] is indignant whenever Clinton disregards [ the press corps ] , and she obsesses over what the candidate thinks of her . “ I still wanted , more than anything , for Hillary to see me as a fair reporter , ” Chozick worries early in the race . “ She really , really hates me , ” Chozick moans to her husband over the phone during a stop in Iowa . “ The less I interacted with Hillary , ” Chozick writes as campaign reporters seem to get less and less access to Clinton , “ the greater her imperial hold on my brain became. ” Yes , she chases Hillary . But it is Chozick who gets caught . Memoirs are supposed to be self-involved — that 's the point of the exercise . The thing about Chozick 's memoir , though , is that it 's also about being self-involved . In her mind , Chozick 's connection to Clinton assumes epic dimensions . “ Ours was destined to be an impossible , tortured , and unrelentingly tense relationship weighed down by old grudges and fresh grievances , ” she writes . “ To Hillary , I was a big ego with no brain and no amount of cordial small talk could make up for the bad blood between her world and mine. ” For a second you almost forget that Clinton is running against Trump . . . .
To make matters worse :
[ T ] oo much of the book is devoted to Chozick 's worrying and whining — “ Jesus did I whine ” — about her status at the Times . In a chapter titled “ I Hate Everyone , ” she complains that editors bypassed her for big stories and that colleagues “ bulldozed ” her on primary and debate nights .
Can readers expect quality coverage from a reporter obsessed with what the candidate she 's covering thinks about her and her status at her newspaper ? I do n't think so . Add to this , Chozick 's obsession , manifest from the title of her book , with the “ glass ceiling , and the odds against balanced coverage of a woman 's quest to become president become even longer .
Ironically , Chozick now obsesses over the idea that her coverage was unfair to Clinton . She 's haunted by her decision to report on the emails Russia ( presumably ) hacked from the account of John Podesta . She claims that through such reporting , she and others became the puppets of Vladimir Putin . Invoking one of the left 's most objectionable cliches , she frets that she “ ended up on the wrong side of history . ”
This hand-wringing is pathetic and revealing . The Podesta emails were n't Russian propaganda . They were n't propaganda at all ; they were facts relevant ( though not highly so ) to the campaign and to persons at the center of the campaign . Nor did Chozick steal the information .
To have declined to report on the Podesta emails would have constituted partisanship even more blatant than that which the mainstream media engaged during the campaign . Yet , Chozick now apparently wishes the media had suppressed the information . Indeed , I have to wonder whether , had she and others suspected that the election truly was up for grabs , they would have suppressed it throughout the 2016 campaign .
If Chozick is even close to a typical modern campaign trail reporter , and I suspect she is , then we should be even more wary of mainstream media campaign coverage than Power Line has advocated for the past 15 years .
Genoa , July 4 - An elderly priest was abducted by his sister and her children in a bid to get their hands on his money , a Genoa court heard Wednesday . The 86-year-old woman and her children were sentenced to two years in jail for kidnapping the 90-year-old cleric after persuading him to travel from Sicily to Genoa on the false pretext of having a medical check-up . The family drugged him with narcotics and tried to get him to hand over his savings , the court said .
Ankara : Turkey wants to open a new border gate with Iraq in cooperation with the central government in Baghdad after it shuts down the existing gate in response to last week ` s Kurdish independence referendum , Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said .
`` We have proposed opening the new Ovakoy gate , west of currently used Habur gate , to Baghdad and we are expecting their support . We will be happy to discuss this with ( Iraqi Prime Minister Haider ) al-Abadi , '' Yildirim told reporters , saying the timing of his visit to Baghdad was a work in progress .
Yildirim also said he wanted to boost cooperation with central Iraqi government on economy , defence , security and political issues .
This year 's Nobel Peace Prize goes to International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons , the committee announced Friday morning . Here 's what to know about the newest winners.ICAN is a large group of NGOs ( non-governmental organizations ) from 100 countries that have come together in an effort to promote and generate public support for an international nuclear weapons ban treaty . There are 25 organizations in the United States that are a part of ICAN.ICAN was instrumental in the adoption of the United Nations Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons , the first treaty of its kind according to the Norwegian Nobel Committee . Signing began on Sept. 20 , and the treaty will not enter into force until it is ratified by at least 50 states.In adopting the treaty in July , 122 nations committed to prohibit `` a full range of nuclear-weapon-related activities , such as undertaking to develop , test , produce , manufacture , acquire , possess or stockpile nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices , as well as the use or threat of use of these weapons , '' according to the U.N.The treaty is not without opponents , however . The United States , France and the United Kingdom released a statement that they `` have not taken part in the negotiation of the treaty ... and do not intend to sign , ratify or ever become party to it . `` In addition to the treaty , ICAN has convinced more than 100 nations to make a commitment to cooperate and work together to `` stigmatize , prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons , '' known as the Humanitarian Pledge The Nobel committee mentioned both the pledge and the treaty as major reasons that ICAN is deserving of the prize.Nuclear weapons are `` the only weapons of mass destruction not yet explicitly prohibited under international law , '' according to ICAN and the Nobel committee.The Nobel Prize announcement points out that , with the recent tensions with North Korea , this has become an urgent international concern . `` Some states are modernizing their nuclear arsenals , and there is a real danger that more countries will try to procure nuclear weapons , as exemplified by North Korea . Nuclear weapons pose a constant threat to humanity and all life on earth , '' the committee wrote.ICAN 's work , such as the pledge and the treaty , has given direction and vigor to efforts to create a nuclear weapons-free world , according to the committee.ICAN 's executive director , Beatrice Fihn , was called to receive the good news shortly before it was announced . She was overjoyed , saying her initial reaction was one of `` shock . '' The organization released a statement after the announcement , saying `` This prize is a tribute to the tireless efforts of many millions of campaigners and concerned citizens worldwide who , ever since the dawn of the atomic age , have loudly protested nuclear weapons . `` The Nobel committee acknowledged that , as important as ICAN 's work is , the problem of nuclear weapons is far from solved . It is calling upon nations that have developed nuclear weapons , which includes the U.S. , to lead the way in taking steps toward eliminating those weapons . `` The Committee wishes to emphasize that the next steps towards attaining a world free of nuclear weapons must involve the nuclear-armed states , '' the committee wrote . `` This year 's Peace Prize is therefore also a call upon these states to initiate serious negotiations with a view to the gradual , balanced and carefully monitored elimination of the almost 15,000 nuclear weapons in the world . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A woman was horrified to discover a bra she tried on in Primark was actually an old one 'left behind by a SHOPLIFTER . '
Natalie Brayshaw was shopping for a new bra when she found one she liked in the sale .
The Glasgow student went to ask shop assistant for a price tag , but they could n't find one .
The staff member then proceeded to tell Natalie that she thought the bra had been left behind by a shoplifter .
It is believed the shoplifter tried on a Primark bra and left their own underwear on the hanger in its place .
( Image : Daily Record WS )
( Image : Daily Record WS )
Shocked Natalie took to Twitter to speak about her ordeal , reports the Daily Record .
She said : `` Tried on a bra in Primark & it was nice so I went to buy it but there was no tag so the guy went to find a supervisor to get a code , comes back & goes `` this is n't ours , it 's a swap '' so someone has literally left THEIR OWN BRA on a hanger in order to shoplift one AND I TRIED IT ON . ''
Since posting the tweet people have been contacting Natalie about their own experiences .
Twitter user Purple Orange replied to Natalie , she said : `` This reminds me of the time when I was shopping with my nan and I put her old shoes on the sale rack while she was trying stuff on and a lady put my Nan 's shoes on and went to buy them and my nan had to tell her they were actually her old shoes . ''
( Image : Daily Record WS )
( Image : Daily Post Wales )
While Simple Sam_23 wrote : `` Literally working in retail nothing surprises me . Once a girl started her period so she snagged new panties and shorts . Totally reasonable . BUT SHE LEFT HER BLOODY CLOTHES ON THE SALES RACK . ''
A spokesperson for Primark told the MailOnline : `` We would like to apologise to the customer for this experience .
`` We aim to provide our customers with an enjoyable shopping environment at all times and we are sorry that we did n't on this occasion . ''
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
No airs or graces , Alan Davies can hardly believe his luck when he turns up at the fancy hotel where his agent suggested we meet for a chat .
`` Look at this place , '' he says wide-eyed , becoming flustered with the overly complex drinks list . `` A glass of your finest red , '' he jokes , before checking his watch ( it 's midday ) and saying , `` Better make that a juice of some sort instead , please . ''
Yes , gone are the days of sipping swish drinks with equally swish adults , because , at 49 , Alan became a father for the third time , to son Francis , now two . Dressed in black jeans , a plaid shirt and his trademark slightly wild hair looking a little more dishevelled than usual , it 's obvious he 's feeling the strain .
`` I was n't sure it was a good idea to have a third child considering how exhausted we were with two , but he 's really good fun . But anyone who says , 'You 've had two , you might as well have a third , ' is wrong . It 's a massive difference . It 's almost like having a whole new person , '' he says with a laugh , rubbing his eyes .
So , to put it bluntly , Alan is very tired . But that does n't mean the workload is slowing down any time soon . With a new season of QI about to start filming ( ‘ I ca n't believe I 've dragged another one out ' ) , recently completing his stand-up tour , and a second lot of comedy series Damned hitting screens next week , he seems busy , but Alan tells us otherwise .
( Image : Channel 4 )
`` Now my stand-up is on the back burner I 'm doing a writing course and staying at home with the kids trying not to work , being idle and skive-y . If my agent rings and offers me work I say , 'Does the job take more than one day ? ' I have to spread myself more evenly as the older two kids kick off because they do n't get enough attention now we have the youngster . ''
But does he feel like he 's missing out on important opportunities ?
`` No . I have no ambition at all . There 's none . But now I do n't think about myself really . You can become quite preoccupied , narcissistic , egotistical and stupid really quickly in this industry , if you 're not careful . And you have to be bonkers to be a stand-up comedian in the first place . It 's an odd thing to want to stand up in a room and be the one that does all the talking while everyone sits and watches you . It 's easy to become a bit self-involved . Luckily , my children have been a good antidote for that . ''
Has being a father changed him then ?
`` Well , I 'm less narcissistic now . It 's deep in there somewhere . But children change your self-image and your ego takes a back seat . You can go a bit mad when you first become famous . You kid yourself into thinking people are actually interested in you or care about you . There is almost nothing good about fame . ''
You 'd think Alan would be well adjusted to fame because he came to it quite young . Fresh out of drama school , he began successfully touring as a stand-up at 23 , before landing the iconic role of crime-solving , magician 's assistant Jonathan Creek in his early 30s . A part he 's now played for over 20 years .
`` It happened quickly so I just did n't want my life to change , really , but it did . Fame makes you very jumpy and on edge . You do get used to it but initially I found it very difficult . Back in the day I 'd just have to be choosy where I went . I 'd watch out for drunk people . And being drunk . Or worse still , being drunk around fellow drunk people . Now I just get recognised in soft play areas while having balls smashed against my face by hysterical kids . ''
Soft play is a term we would n't have associated with Alan at the height of his fame . But even then he claims he was never , ‘ too wild ' .
`` I 'd just stay in some awful hotel , everywhere would be shut so I 'd eat crisps for dinner and someone would begrudgingly open the hotel bar so I could have a quick gin and tonic . ''
Surely it 's slightly more glamorous now ?
`` It 's worse , '' he says with a loud laugh . `` I 'm a right skinflint . I tell my tour manager I 'm not going on tour to spend the money on nice hotels . We are staying in a tent . Or sleeping in the car . Honestly the opposite of Led Zeppelin . Blue M & Ms ? I want no M & Ms . No money spent . I do n't even waste money on lights or mics . I just hold a torch up to my face and shout , '' he says , appearing worryingly serious .
`` I want every penny I make for the kids . And for my Arsenal season ticket , but even they 're the cheapest seats . ''
It 's clear Alan is the doting dad . His eyes light up when he talks about Susie , eight , Bobby , six and Francis , and having children later in life has n't stopped him getting thoroughly stuck in .
`` I 'm OK with glitter and glue but I do tend to get it all over my eyebrows . What I do resent is homework . They 're too young . I just tell them they do n't have to do it . I went into school and said I disagreed with them being given homework , but the teacher said some of the more pushy parents had asked for it . I said , 'Well tell those parents that they 're ruining their children 's lives . And my children 's lives . And mine . So stop ruining things ! ' Ca n't they just play when they 're six ? ''
( Image : BBC )
While Alan is getting involved in school politics , one thing he wo n't be indulging in this year is sports day . Instead , he 's more than happy to cheer from the sidelines .
`` Last year I did the parents ' race . My father-in-law wanted to race me but he 's in his 70s for God 's sake ! So really I should have let him win . But no chance . I just destroyed him . I mean , I really sprinted . I took him down and he 's a very competitive man . Someone else who was foolishly roped into this race fell over and dislocated their shoulder . So I strongly advise against it unless you 're young parents in your 20s . Once you 're 50 , do n't race anyone at any time . That 's my advice . ''
Turning 52 in a few weeks , ( ‘ No . This birthday I shall be 38 . God , If only . ' ) what other changes has he spotted since hitting the big five-O ?
`` Luckily I 'm married and it 's all fine , but if I was single , women do not give you a second look when you 're 50 . When you meet a young woman you 're acting opposite , you might do a little peck on the cheek , you might do two , nobody quite knows how many you 're supposed to do , but no actresses want to peck you on the cheek when you 're 50 , they do n't want to go anywhere near you . If you 're a Hollyoaks hunk maybe , but not me . They think , 'Back off , Grandad . ' ''
And 50 was the turning point ?
`` I swear , as soon as I hit 50 , I became invisible to the opposite sex . And that 's my wife too , by the way ! She does n't want to be pecked on the cheek by me either . We have a formal handshake every morning . ''
( Image : Rex )
After a seemingly eternal bachelorhood , 11 years ago Alan finally settled down and married children 's author Katie . But has she noticed any changes in her husband ?
`` I make a lot of involuntary noises now , she tells me . I got into bed the other night and made about five involuntary noises getting in . Eventually I lay down and she said , 'Are you alright now ? Are you in ? ' But I 'd been looking forward to going to bed all day .
`` That 's what three young children , a showbiz career and studying will do to you . I fall asleep at the drop of a hat . But with kids you get so much more done as you waste no free time .
`` When I was in my 20s , I wasted a lot of time on the Playstation , smoking joints , just sat on my own . I should have gone to bed and read a book and got up early and seized the day . Learnt something . Lessons are always good in my opinion . Now I just get my pyjamas on the second I can and snore my head off . ''
Snoozing may be a hobby in his free time , but still very much in the business , we want to know if anything remains from his once oh-so-showbiz life .
`` I got sent a lovely hamper of cheese the other day ! ' Is that showbiz ? ‘ Yes ! At awards ceremonies , and chat shows , you get a bag brimming with grooming products . Or maybe that 's just my bag . I think , 'How bad must I look ? ! ' But really my idea of a showbiz treat is just being given a nice panettone . Is that too much to ask ? Even just a fruit cake with marzipan . Fruit-based treats these days , please . ''
( Image : PA )
As Alan slips on his ( actually rather trendy ) puffer jacket and says his goodbyes , he 's worried he 's moaned solidly throughout our chat .
`` I do just love moaning though , '' he says justifying himself . `` I moan about everything all the time and enjoy it . But sometimes I do think , I walked straight into comedy with no life experience , now I have three young kids and I 've come full circle studying writing which I absolutely love . I do n't want to wish any of it away . I want to try and take in every second . ''
But moan about it all too ?
`` Yeah , '' he smiles scrunching up his nose . `` Probably . ''
How does Alan spend his Sunday ?
Do you have a Sunday lie-in ?
No chance , are you joking ? They come in around 6.30am . They take my phone , they know the code and how to access Netflix and then they watch
Peppa Pig . All sat on my head .
Sunday papers or telly ?
Papers . I do n't like having the telly on . If the kids start watching something for extended periods of time they just go crazy . They watch it for half an hour and they all start head-butting each other , it sends them completely demented . I 'm there saying , ‘ You 've watched 14 episodes of Peppa , I 'm turning it off ! ' And they start screaming like banshees .
Lunch at home or out ?
We go out . It saves them bouncing off the walls . Feed them up , wear them out a bit . My two-year-old rounds up the older ones and shouts ‘ Come on kids ! ' To him , they 're the kids , not him .
Relaxing or chores ?
It 's 17 hours of solid work for Katie and me . But relaxed for the kids . But if Arsenal are playing I do slope off . So I may be accumulating a lot of paybacks . I better take her somewhere to make up for it .
Damned returns to Channel 4 on Wednesday 14 February at 10pm
6 min read Facebook Marketing
3 Ways to Optimize Your Video Advertising Strategy on Facebook
To make your video a memorable experience for users , keep it short and sweet , and -- please -- make sure your witty captions are legible .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Voters will deliver their verdicts on the major political parties next month in the first major round of elections since the EU referendum .
Local elections are taking place in England , Scotland and Wales on May 4 with 4,851 council seats up for grabs .
The contests for the six new metro mayors in England are also being held on that day .
Jeremy Corbyn will be hoping to disprove the polls and show Labour is making headway under his leadership .
The elections will also prove a crucial test for UKIP 's embattled leader Paul Nuttall and point to whether the Lib Dems are rebuilding their grassroots base after their routing in the 2015 general election .
( Photo : London News Pictures Ltd )
The polls are also a key test of Theresa May 's promise to spread wealth and fairness across the country .
Here is your guide to the election battlegrounds , the key contests and what the results will mean for the party leaders .
When they are and how you can vote
( Photo : PA )
The polling stations open at 7am on Thursday May 4 and close at 10pm .
To vote you must be 18 or over on polling day in England and Wales and 16 or over in Scotland .
The deadline for a postal vote is 5pm on April 18 .
Do n't forget to register
In order to be able to vote you must register , if you have not already done so , by midnight on April 13 in England and Wales and by midnight on April 17 in Scotland .
You can register to vote online at gov.uk/register-to-vote .
There are six new metro mayors
For the first time voters in Greater Manchester , the Liverpool City region , the West Midlands , Tees Valley , the West of England and Cambridge and Peterbrough will elect a new Metro Mayor .
The mayors will be in charge of housing , transport and economic strategy for these new combined authorities .
Labour is confident of winning Greater Manchester where former Health Secretary Andy Burnham is standing .
The party should also win in the Liverpool region where its candidate is MP Steve Rotheram .
Based on the 2015 election results , Labour should also take Tees Valley where its candidate is Sue Jeffrey .
The key battleground is the West Midlands were Labour 's Sion Simon , an MEP and former MP , is facing strong competition from the Tory Andy Street , the former boss of John Lewis .
In addition to the six metro mayors , elections are also taking place for directly-elected mayors in Doncaster and North Tyneside .
We 'll have a new MP
( Photo : PA )
The Manchester Gorton by-election is also being held following the death of Labour 's Sir Gerald Kaufman .
Do n't expect too many fireworks , considering It should be the ninth-safest Labour seat in the country .
But Labour shadow minister Rebecca Long-Bailey has cautioned MPs not to `` ever call a seat a safe seat nowadays '' .
There are 11 candidates in all , including three independents , the Christian Peoples Alliance , Communist League and a man named The Irrelevant Johnny Disco , who is standing for the Monster Raving Loony Party .
Labour 's candidate is 59-year-old MEP Mohammed Afzal Khan , a former PC who later trained as a solicitor .
He will defend a 24,000 majority against Conservative Shaden Jaradat , Lib Dem Jackie Pearcey and Phil Eckersley of UKIP .
There are a LOT of council seats in play
( Photo : PA )
Seats on 34 councils in England are up for grabs on May 4 .
The last round of comparable elections were held in 2013 when Labour picked up 291 seats , UKIP gained 139 and Tories lost 335 and the Lib Dems shed 124 seats .
Labour holds just three of the councils up for grabs : Nottinghamshire , Derbyshire and Durham .
Some are forecasting that Mr Corbyn could struggle to make headway this year . The Conservative pollster Robert Hayward has said Labour could be heading for its worst results since 1985 and could lose 125 seats .
The Lib Dems could gain 100 seats , winning back control of Somerset and Cornwall .
The Tories could benefit from the decline of UKIP which is forecast to lose 100 councillors .
Theresa May , who launched the Tory campaign in Nottinghamshire , is predicted to defy the mid-term blues and win as many as 50 seats .
A poor set of results for Labour will pile pressure on Mr Corbyn who is still nursing his wounds after the Copeland by-election defeat .
Wales also goes to the polls
( Photo : Daily Post Wales )
There are 1,254 council seats in play as elections take place in all of Wales ' 22 county and borough councils .
The last elections were held in 2012 when Labour won 231 seats to take their total to 580 . Plaid has 158 seats , the Tories 105 and the Lib Dems 72 .
Labour First Minister Carwyn Jones has warned his party faces a tough battle to hold ground this year .
There are fears that a bad night could see Labour lose control of its strongholds of Blaenau Gwent and Bridgend .
Labour faces a tough fight in Scotland
( Photo : REX )
Labour 's biggest test could come in Scotland were all 1,220 seats are up for grabs on the country 's 32 local authorities .
In 2012 Labour won 58 seats , the SNP 57 while the Tories lost 16 and the Lib Dems 80 .
This saw Labour hold Glasgow , North Lanarkshire and West Dunbartonshire .
Since then the party has been overtaken in the polls by the Tories under its charismatic leader Ruth Davidson and some are forecasting it could slip to third place in this May 's elections .
This could see Labour lose its citadel of Glasgow to Nicola Sturgeon 's SNP .
Full list if councils holding elections in England
Buckinghamshire
Cambridgeshire
Cornwall
Cumbria
Derbyshire
Devon
Doncaster
Dorset
Durham
East Sussex
Essex
Gloucestershire
Hampshire
Hertfordshire
Isle of Wight
Kent
Lancashire
Leicestershire
Lincolnshire
Norfolk
North Yorkshire
Northamptonshire
Northumberland
Nottinghamshire
Oxfordshire
Shropshire
Somerset
Staffordshire
Suffolk
Surrey
Warwickshire
West Sussex
Wiltshire
Worcestershire
Where do I go to vote ?
The location of your polling station will be written on your polling card .
If you 've lost it , do n't worry . You can find out where you have to go by contacting your local election office .
Just put your postcode into the search at AboutMyVote.co.uk and it 'll tell you who to get in touch with .
Yes . It might speed the process up a little if you have your polling card with you , but you can vote without it .
What do I do when I get to the polling station ?
When you arrive at the polling station , there will be people sitting at a desk with a copy of the electoral register .
How did things go in the 2016 local elections ?
Labour faced wipeout in Scotland and did better than expected in England , but still lost seats .
There was also the London Assembly , mayors and Police and Crime Commisioners .
Labour won all four mayors , including gaining in Bristol and London , and gained two new MPs .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Karim Benzema captured himself in the seat of a Dubai police car while on holiday .
But Real Madrid fans need n't be alarmed by the car 's lights going off , the Frenchman was just receiving a ride .
Following his trip , Benzema posed with the impressive super car .
The 29-year-old , who scored 19 goals in 48 appearances for Los Blancos last season , is currently enjoying a summer break .
Benzema played a crucial role in Real 's gruelling 2016-17 campaign which saw them crowned La Liga and Champions League champions .
( Photo : Instagram/karimbenzema )
( Photo : Instagram/karimbenzema )
Taking to Instagram , the striker also showed off his luxury bedroom in the sea 's depths . The stunning double room looked out onto Dubai 's impressive coral and seabed .
( Photo : Instagram/karimbenzema )
( Photo : Instagram/karimbenzema )
Benzema also filmed himself enjoying a speed boat ride just off the city 's coast .
Jesse Lingard and Michael Keane also recently spent time in the Middle Eastern hot spot .
The Rose Bowl Parade stepped off in Pasadena , California Monday morning.For the past week volunteers have been putting in long hours to create the spectacular floats . The parade is 5.5 miles long and the theme is `` Echoes of Success . `` You can watch the parade beginning at 10 a.m. right here on ABC7 and then tune into our sister network ESPN at 4 p.m. to catch USC take on Penn State in the Rose Bowl .
Sara Keller , Logistics , Engineering , Force Protection deputy director , Air Mobility Command , Scott Air Force Base , Ill. , looks at the forward lavatory servicing connection of a C-5M Super Galaxy Feb. 8 , 2017 , at Dover Air Force Base , Del . Wearing protective gear , Airman 1st Class Benjamin Harper , 436th Aerial Port Squadron fleet service specialist , demonstrated for Keller how the lavatory service truck provides waste removal and servicing to C-5Ms , as well as other aircraft . ( U.S. Air Force photo by Roland Balik )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.08.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 08:26 Photo ID : 3167010 VIRIN : 170208-F-BO262-1106 Resolution : 3903x2597 Size : 2.3 MB Location : DOVER AIR FORCE BASE , DE , US Web Views : 1 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , AMC paves ground for Aerial Port of the Future [ Image 1 of 9 ] , by Roland Balik , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The special counsel appointed to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 presidential campaign is now examining whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice , it has been reported .
Accusations of obstruction arose last month when Trump fired FBI Director James Comey . Comey testified in a Senate hearing last week that he believed he was fired “ because of the Russia investigation . ”
Comey also testified he had told Trump he was not under investigation .
The Washington Post reported late Wednesday that Mueller was seeking interviews with three Trump administration officials who were n't involved in Trump 's campaign : Dan Coats , the director of national intelligence ; Michael Rogers , the head of the National Security Agency ; and Richard Ledgett , the former NSA deputy director .
Mark Corallo , a spokesman for Trump 's personal lawyer , responded Wednesday evening to the Post report by saying : “ The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous , inexcusable and illegal . ”
The Post report cited anonymous sources who were briefed on requests made by investigators . It was not known whether the FBI was the source of the information . The New York Times also reported the story .
Mueller met Wednesday with the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee in an effort to ensure their investigations do n't conflict .
The leaders of the Senate Intelligence committee said in a statement issued Wednesday that they “ look forward to future engagements ” with Robert Mueller .
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr , R-N.C. , and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia , the panel 's top Democrat , did n't provide any other details regarding the meeting . An aide familiar with the meeting said it was held to discuss the investigations , including ways that the parallel inquiries do n't interfere with or overlap one another . The aide spoke on condition of anonymity because the meeting was private .
The meeting comes a day after lawmakers questioned Justice Department officials about the probe and Mueller 's independence , and after a friend of Trump said the White House was considering firing Mueller .
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , who appointed Mueller last month , testified Tuesday he has seen no evidence of good cause to fire Mueller .
Also Wednesday , Senate Judiciary Chairman Charles Grassley said his panel will investigate the removal of former FBI Director James Comey and “ any alleged improper partisan interference in law enforcement investigations . ”
Grassley announced the investigation in a letter to California Sen. Dianne Feinstein , the panel 's top Democrat . Grassley 's office said the letter is in response to a recent letter from Feinstein requesting that the committee seek details from senior FBI leadership about Comey 's interactions with President Donald Trump before he was fired .
The letter said the investigation will also probe Comey 's testimony that Loretta Lynch , as President Barack Obama 's attorney general , had directed him to describe an FBI probe into Hillary Clinton 's email practices as merely a “ matter ” and to avoid calling it an investigation .
“ You and I agree that the American people deserve a full accounting of attempts to meddle in both our democratic processes and the impartial administration of justice … It is my view that fully investigating the facts , circumstances , and rationale for Mr. Comey 's removal will provide us the opportunity to do that on a cooperative , bipartisan basis , ” according to the letter .
Feinstein has said the Judiciary Committee should investigate , but had asked Grassley to keep the investigations separate . Grassley said Comey 's dismissal and Comey 's testimony on Lynch should be looked at together , noting that Comey “ took the opportunity in his testimony to clear his own name by denouncing as false the administration 's claims that the FBI rank-and-file had lost confidence in Mr. Comey 's leadership in the wake of the Clinton email investigation . ”
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
Share 0
It 's not just the players who get evaluated after the season .
Even coaches are n't safe from the “ eye in the sky . ”
On Monday , less than 24 hours after the Bucs beat the Panthers to wrap up their first season under head coach Dirk Koetter , the head ball coach told the media gathered at One Buc that he was in the process of evaluating himself .
“ I 've been thinking about it a lot , and I 'm probably not ready to make any crazy announcements on that today because I think about a lot of stuff all the time , ” Koetter said . “ How can I , in the stuff that I control , make us better ? And are there places where I 'm making us worse ? I learned , as a head coach , I 'd love to have more time to get involved with individual players on a daily basis . When I do get a chance to talk to players one-on-one , I enjoy it . I enjoy the motivational part of trying to reach guys and different groups on the team .
“ As far as my schedule goes , I 'm asking myself all the time , ‘ Are the things I have to spend my time on , are those in the best interest of helping the Bucs win games ? Or am I spinning my wheels on stuff that does n't reall matter ? ' What 's the most important things to helping us win ? Those are questions that do n't all have to be answered today . Because of the changeover in the NFL , we have to see how some of that shakes out as well . It might not be possible for the staff to come back 100 percent the same way . We 'll have to see how that works out in the coming days . ”
Koetter was asked to clarify his statement and if he would consider allowing someone else to call plays next season .
“ I 'm contemplating how does our team get better , in all areas , ” Koetter said . “ When we look at everything , if there 's someone out there who can do a better job to help us than me calling the plays , then that 's something that we definitely need to look at . ”
With at least six NFL teams looking for new coaches , that means at least six staffs that will be out of work , and a pool of offensive minds to choose from .
Or Koetter could look within his own staff .
He was asked if he felt there were some candidates currently with offices at One Buc that could take on the role .
“ Yeah , more than one . ”
While not mentioning any by names , the obvious three candidates would be wide receiver coach/offensive coordinator Todd Monken , quarterback coach Mike Bajakian and offensive line coach George Warhop who is the running game coordinator .
The Bucs saw their offensive production drop in 2016 from a record-setting performance just a year before . Part of the issue was the Bucs running game that struggled for much of the year . Koetter said that and the lack of explosive plays hurt the Bucs offense .
“ Just , the explosive play thing , a couple things that jump out – and part of this is health related – last year , passing and running , Doug and Chuck Sims combined for 37 explosive plays , ” Koetter said . “ This year , eight . Now , do n't misquote me on this , that is in no way just their fault . Part of it is injury related – they did n't have nearly as many attempts . But , in touches per play , over nine percent explosives last year . About four percent explosives this year on touches between those two players . And even though Mike Evans and Cam had really good years , we actually went down by four explosives in those two guys . They went from 46 a year ago to 42 this year .
“ You know , I 've said many , many times , that we believe , besides turnovers , that explosive plays are the next biggest factor in winning and losing . That was our bigget droppoff in offense this year , in explosive plays . And that was both in the running and throwing game . ”
Pressed on a timetable for a decision to relinquish play-calling duties , Koetter smiled to the media .
“ Until September 10 next year . I have that long . ”
– Zach Shapiro contributed to this report
U.S. Marine Corps Capt . Donald Shrewsbury , a KC-130J pilot with Marine Aerial Refueler Transport Squadron ( VMGR ) 152 , talks local Japanese media through operating a KC-130J flight simulator during a media event at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni , Japan , Feb. 15 , 2017 . The media event was put together as an opportunity for local Japanese reporters to get a first-hand look at how the simulators train pilots and enhance readiness . The simulators increase safety , proficiency and allow pilots to dynamically train without placing additional mechanical stress on the aircraft leading to safer flights . ( U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl . Joseph Abrego )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.15.2017 Date Posted : 02.15.2017 02:22 Photo ID : 3166488 VIRIN : 170215-M-ON157-0033 Resolution : 5303x3535 Size : 11.74 MB Location : MCAS IWAKUNI , YAMAGUCHI , JP Web Views : 4 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Local media gains new insight [ Image 1 of 17 ] , by LCpl Joseph Abrego , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Shonda Rhimes is moving Shondaland to Netflix .
The prolific executive producer of ABC 's Grey 's Anatomy , Scandal , and How to Get Away with Murder will leave the network that made her a household name to join Netflix , EW has confirmed . Rhimes has signed a multi-year deal to produce new series and other projects for the streamer , alongside longtime producing partner Betsy Beers , who will also move to Netflix .
“ Shonda Rhimes is one of the greatest storytellers in the history of television , ” said Netflix CCO Ted Sarandos . “ Her work is gripping , inventive , pulse-pounding , heart-stopping , taboo-breaking television at its best . I 've gotten the chance to know Shonda and she 's a true Netflixer at heart — she loves TV and films , she cares passionately about her work , and she delivers for her audience . We 're so excited to welcome her to Netflix . ”
Rhimes added : “ Shondaland 's move to Netflix is the result of a shared plan Ted Sarandos and I built based on my vision for myself as a storyteller and for the evolution of my company . Ted provides a clear , fearless space for creators at Netflix . He understood what I was looking for — the opportunity to build a vibrant new storytelling home for writers with the unique creative freedom and instantaneous global reach provided by Netflix 's singular sense of innovation . The future of Shondaland at Netflix has limitless possibilities . ”
The move marks a split from ABC , where Rhimes launched her television career with Grey 's Anatomy . What does this mean for your favorite Shondaland series ? The three current Rhimes shows — Grey 's Anatomy , Scandal and How to Get Away with Murder — as well as midseason legal entry For the People and the upcoming Grey 's Anatomy spinoff will all still air on ABC . ABC Studios also has a pilot from The Catch and Wonder Woman ‘ s Allan Helberg , which will stick with the studio .
“ Our current shows will continue to thrive on ABC and Shondaland will be there every step of the way , ” Rhimes also said in her statement . “ I could not have asked for a better home to begin my career . I continue to be grateful to work with so many talented people – especially our studio gladiator Patrick Moran and our most powerful and brilliant champion Channing Dungey . Starting today , we are thrilled to begin creating new Shondaland stories with Netflix . Everyone at Shondaland is honored to expand both our audience and our creative identity with Ted and the entire team at Netflix . ”
Rhimes ' legacy will continue on with ABC Studios , which also has a number of overall deals with many of the showrunners attached to the aforementioned Shondaland shows , meaning they will stay on with the shows and any development in the future will also stay with ABC Studios . The list include Pete Nowalk from How to Get Away with Murder , Krista Vernoff for Grey 's Anatomy , Stacy McKee for the Grey 's spinoff , Don Todd and Paul William Davies from For the People , Mark Fish for Scandal , Mark Wilding for the Grey 's Anatomy spinoff , and Bill Harper for Grey 's Anatomy .
“ We 're so proud of the work we 've done with Shonda and Betsy throughout our long and productive relationship , ” said Patrick Moran , president of ABC Studios . “ From the worldwide success of Grey 's Anatomy to today , with five series ( Grey 's Anatomy , Scandal , How To Get Away With Murder , For the People , and the Grey 's spinoff ) , a pilot from Allan Heinberg and a number of projects in development , we will continue to shepherd that success together . The Shondaland imprint will always be an important part of ABC Studios and we wish them all the best in this new endeavor . ”
Added ABC President Channing Dungey : “ Shonda , Betsy and I started working together with the first episode of Grey 's Anatomy and those early days will forever remain one of the highlights of my professional life . We are happy to continue working with Shonda and her team at Shondaland on Grey 's , Scandal , How to Get Away with Murder , and the upcoming For the People and Grey 's spinoff . I 'm proud to have given a home to what have become some of the most celebrated and talked about shows on television . With the launch of a new season upon us , fans can rest assured that TGIT remains intact and will be as buzzed about as ever . ”
Rhimes ' departure will be a huge loss for ABC . The hitmaker singlehandedly boosted the network 's female demographic while helping the network survive the loss of Desperate Housewives by creating new zeigeisty characters like Derek and Meredith , Olivia Pope and Annalise Keating . Though Scandal and HTGAWM never achieved the ratings dominance enjoyed by Grey 's , they brought film stars and Emmy cred to the network , not to mention a whole programming block that was marketed as TGIT .
TGIT will return to ABC with a two-hour premiere of Grey 's Anatomy on Thursday , Sept. 28 at 8 p.m. PT , followed by How to Get Away with Murder at 10 p.m . ET . The final season of Scandal will bow Thursday , Oct. 5 at 9 p.m . ET on ABC .
Lynette Rice contributed to this report .
This article originally appeared on Ew.com
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
They may have been together for three years but for Ellie and Connor they 're relationship is now being tested on Channel 5 's Make or Break reality show .
As one of eight couples who have headed off to a Mexican tropical paradise to see if their relationship is worth fighting for the pair prepared to push their love to the brink .
They were forced to sleep apart and date other people - all while staying in the most romantic of settings .
Can Connor face his emotions and give girlfriend Ellie to affection she craves ? Here 's what they had to say :
ELLIE , 21 , BRISTOL
YouTuber
( Image : Ray Burmiston/Channel 5 )
Ellie and Connor have been together for 3 years
Ellie has a huge following online with her YouTube channel
How did you meet ?
He messaged me on Instagram when it was still a new app that nobody really used . It was so unheard of , it was weird . It was also a selfie when boys did n't really take selfies so I was like , ‘ Oh my God , who is this complete weirdo ? '
Who said I love you first ?
I stayed round his house , I woke up and he had gone on my Facebook and done the relationship thing . I had no idea and he was like , ‘ Look , we 're in a relationship on Facebook ! ' I was like , ‘ What ? '
Why did you want to go on the show ?
It sounded like an amazing fun experience . We are both the sort of people that would love to take part in something like that so we thought let 's go ahead and do it . It was n't really something that bothered us when we got there either , it seemed like a fun thing to go through .
Did you set any ground rules before arriving ?
I thought if Connor was to sleep in the same bed as another girl I would flip . But Connor naturally slept on the floor . I thought that 's so sweet that he respects me so much , but after a couple of nights I thought I do n't want him to spend this whole experience sleeping on the floor . I wanted him to meet new people and form new friendships , girl or boy I did n't care .
What did you think when you saw where you 'd be staying ?
Because the place when we arrived was so beautiful , the thought of what we could be about to go
through did n't even come in to my head . But when we got to the circle of truth , we were both thinking , ‘ What is this ? '
What was going through your mind when Paul told you what would happen ?
( Image : Publicity Picture )
All I remember is the first few lines Paul said were , ‘ We 're going to put you on a break and you are going to be dating each other ' . I am quite ditzy so I thought he meant you are going to be going on dates with your boyfriend , taking it back to square one and go on nice romantic dates to get the spark . I remember thinking , ‘ This is going to be great fun , what a great idea ! ' Then he went into it further and I thought , ‘ Oh my God , other people ? ' That was the one thing before the show that I said to Connor , ‘ I do n't think I could do that . ' But even on our first night I surprised myself with how cool I was about it .
Did you think you 'd last the distance on the show ?
I would say I always thought we were going to stay the distance , but there were definitely points in the last week and a half . It was so emotionally draining at that point . I remember thinking , ‘ If one more bombshell drops , I am going . ' It was too much .
CONNOR , 23 , BRISTOL
Fitness Clothing Company Owner
( Image : Ray Burmiston/Channel 5 )
Describe your partner in three words…
Kind , beautiful , best mate .
How did you meet ?
Me and Ellie met on social media actually . I slid into her DMs , classically , about 2013 . At first she ignored me , so I tried a different platform . Then I uploaded a gym progress picture of my body on Instagram and after that she responded !
What are Ellie 's best points ?
She is really caring . She cares about me more than she actually does herself which I find is one of the best characteristics . She loves her family , she is beautiful , she just makes me a better person overall .
What are Ellie 's bad points ?
( Image : Publicity Picture )
Just like any girl she has wobbly moments . If a girl likes my pictures or something like that she will be on it straight away . The main thing is her toes . She does not have good looking toes . They are bent to the side !
Why did you want to go on the show ?
The reason we went in there was n't to sort out a specific issue , it was just to see if our relationship could get better and to see if there was anything about our relationship that we could improve upon . I quickly learned that I was n't really emotional enough and that I did n't really give Ellie the affection that she needs .
What did you think when you saw where you 'd be staying ?
The location was lovely . The resort , the swimming pool , the little huts outside , it just looked like paradise .
What was going through your mind when Paul told you what would be happening ?
The worst thing that they could do was to send us on a date with another partner . But I assumed that would be down the line not first thing ! When they first told me that I was just like , ‘ What else have they got in store for us if this is the first thing ? '
How did you get on with the other people ?
I am quite chilled , it takes a lot to get me going . But straight away one couple walked off so I thought they would cause drama if they were n't ready to take part .
Did you think you 'd last the distance on the show ?
I always thought that we could last the whole process . It was just a case of if she ever felt unhappy then we would take that step . We went there to learn something so there was no point cutting it short in case there was something to learn around the corner .
And what about Louise the sex therapist ?
Those sexual therapy sessions were very deep and intense . Me and Ellie were the last couple to go in
and hearing the stories about the other couples I anticipated what was going to happen . When I went in
I took it more seriously than I thought , which was a good thing.m
President-elect Donald Trump said Saturday he has information that others lack and promised to reveal his knowledge this week , reiterating again his doubts that Russia was behind cyber-meddling in the US election.Speaking to reporters ahead of an 800-person New Year 's Eve bash at his Mar-a-Lago estate , a tuxedoed Trump maintained that another culprit aside from Russia could have been behind the tampering . `` It could be somebody else . And I also know things that other people do n't know , and so they can not be sure of the situation , '' he said.Asked to describe what undisclosed information he knew , Trump said , `` You 'll find out on Tuesday or Wednesday . `` Trump has scheduled an intelligence briefing midweek on the hacking , a response to President Barack Obama 's announcement of new sanctions on Moscow in retaliation for the cyber-intrusion . `` I just want them to be sure , because it 's a pretty serious charge , and I want them to be sure . And if you look at the weapons of mass destruction , that was a disaster , and they were wrong , '' Trump said , referencing failed intelligence in the lead-up to the Iraq War as a reason for skepticism . `` I think it 's unfair if they do n't know , '' he said . `` And I know a lot about hacking . And hacking is a very hard thing to prove . `` Trump has repeatedly cast aside a US intelligence assessment announced in early October that Moscow was behind the hacking , despite already receiving classified intelligence briefings on the matter . He 's also praised Russian President Vladimir Putin , calling him smart this week for withholding reciprocal sanctions on the US.Trump 's stance has put him at odds with most congressional Republicans , who have argued for a tougher stance on Russia . Sen. John McCain , the Republican chairman of the Armed Services Committee , will convene a hearing on cyber-threats Thursday.On Sunday morning , a Rossiya Airlines Special Flight Squadron plane believed to be carrying some expelled Russian government officials departed Dulles Airport just outside Washington . The US had ordered 35 officials and their families from the embassy in Washington and the consulate in San Francisco to leave the country by noon Sunday in response to charges that Russians hacked the presidential election and harassed US diplomatic personnel in Russia.A State Department official told CNN early Sunday evening all of the expelled Russian diplomats have left the US . `` We can confirm that the 35 Russian diplomats declared persona non grata have , along with their family members , departed the United States. , '' the official said.Congressional Democrats on Sunday scoffed at Trump 's assertion that Russian involvement was n't clear . `` It 's very solid , '' said Rep. Adam Schiff of California , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence committee , on ABC 's `` This Week . `` Schiff called Trump 's approach `` dangerous , '' adding , `` If he 's going to have any credibility as president , he needs to stop talking this way . He needs to stop denigrating the intelligence . `` At Mar-a-Lago Saturday , Trump expressed deep misgivings about technology during his brief exchange with reporters positioned outside his Grand Ballroom . `` If you have something really important , write it out and have it delivered by courier , the old-fashioned way , because I 'll tell you what , no computer is safe , '' he said . `` I do n't care what they say , no computer is safe . `` Scheduled to return to New York Sunday after two weeks at his Palm Beach mansion , Trump told reporters his New Year 's resolution was to `` Make America Great Again . `` `` I 'll do that one , '' he said .
TUESDAY , April 24 , 2018 ( HealthDay News ) -- Heading the ball -- not player collisions -- may lead to temporary thinking declines in soccer players , a new study finds .
`` Unintentional head impacts are generally considered the most common cause of diagnosed concussions in soccer , so it 's understandable that current prevention efforts aim at minimizing those collisions , '' said study author Dr. Michael Lipton . He is a professor of radiology , psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York City .
`` But intentional head impacts -- that is , soccer ball heading -- are not benign , '' he added in a university news release .
`` We showed in a previous study that frequent heading is an underappreciated cause of concussion symptoms . And now we 've found that heading appears to alter cognitive [ thinking ] function as well , at least temporarily , '' Lipton noted .
However , the study was not designed to prove that heading actually causes thinking problems .
The study included more than 300 amateur soccer players , aged 18 to 55 , in New York City . They were asked about how many head injuries they 'd suffered and how often they 'd headed the ball within the previous two weeks .
During those two weeks , players headed the soccer ball an average of 45 times . About one-third of them suffered at least one accidental head impact , such as a kick to the head , or a head-to-head , head-to-ground or head-to-goal post collision .
Players who headed the ball the most did the worst on tests of attention and `` psychomotor speed '' ( reaction time ) . High rates of heading were also linked with poorer results on a working memory task , but the association was not strong , the researchers found .
There was no connection between accidental head impacts and mental performance , according to the study published online April 24 in the journal Frontiers in Neurology .
The changes in brain function seen in players who did a lot of heading did not cause obvious problems , but `` we 're concerned that subtle , even transient , reductions in neuropsychological function from heading could translate to microstructural changes in the brain that then lead to persistently impaired function , '' Lipton said .
`` We need a much longer-term follow-up study of more soccer players to fully address this question , '' he said .
Soccer players should try to do less heading during practice and soccer games , Lipton suggested .
`` Heading is a potential cause of brain injury , and since it 's under control of the player , its consequences can be prevented , '' he said .
More information
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention offers tips to prevent soccer-related brain injuries .
-- Robert Preidt SOURCE : Albert Einstein College of Medicine , news release , April 24 , 2018 Copyright © 2018 HealthDay . All rights reserved .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Boxing hero Frank Bruno is set to reveal the full harrowing story of his mental health battle and admits : “ I faced a simple choice – fight or die . ”
The former world heavyweight champ says powerful drugs prescribed by doctors turned him into “ a zombie ” .
Medics insisted he had to take the medication to control his bipolar disorder which was diagnosed after his retirement from boxing .
The breakdown of his marriage and a series of personal tragedies – set to be revealed for the first time in a new book – led to him being sectioned three times .
And it resulted in him readmitting himself to hospital two years ago .
Now , in an exclusive Daily Mirror interview , he says he would have died if he had n't fought to get off the tablets that left him “ locked in a world of darkness ” .
( Image : PA )
Frank says : “ If I had n't got myself off the drugs and won back control of my life I 'd be dead – 100 per cent I would not be here today .
“ The world closed down around me . I went from a person who was on top of the world to a man dribbling in the corner of a hospital room unable to find the strength to lift his head . ”
Pointing at a scar on his head , he continues : “ This mark here reminds me every day how powerful the drugs were that I was given day after day .
“ On one occasion when I was locked up they literally knocked me off my feet .
“ I was left lying on a hospital floor with blood pouring everywhere and my ribs smashed up . It 's at that point you either fight ... or you die .
( Image : Focus Digital )
“ Even when I began to fight , the doctors insisted I had to keep on taking the medication . I told them time and time again they were making me feel worse ... like a zombie . It was only when I fought with every ounce of my strength to get off the meds that I got my life back . ”
Over the coming days the Sunday Mirror and Daily Mirror will
serialise Frank 's new book detailing his lifelong battle with bipolar disorder .
He was first sectioned in 2003 when his life descended into turmoil after he quit boxing and his marriage to Laura Mooney ended .
Then , in 2012 , he was sectioned twice in the space of six weeks .
In his new autobiography , Let Me Be Frank , the 55-year-old will explain how he knocked out his demons for good .
And he lays bare the real reasons behind his high-profile public breakdowns that led to him cruelly being branded Bonkers Bruno . He will also use the book to detail the hell he endured in hospital and why getting out became a life and death fight .
Frank also writes about family tragedies that floored him and reveals secrets about his life in and out the ring .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
And he explains for the first time how he rebuilt the relationships with the friends and family who decided he should be sectioned .
“ It 's time for the truth to come out , ” Frank said yesterday . “ For years and years I kept things bottled up .
“ Now I have learnt to be open is the only way to leave my past where it belongs – behind me . Coming through this fight has undoubtedly been the biggest battle I 've ever had to win . I thank God every morning that I won it . ”
Frank 's views on his treatment in hospital come at a time when mental health services are under massive strain after years of broken Tory promises .
There is also concern about the rising number of people on high-strength medication for years to treat depression .
Frank says : “ The drugs the doctors insisted I took often turned the lights out on my world . When I came off them I felt alive . I felt far more able to cope .
“ It was the turning point . I know what I 'm saying might get people chattering . I want to be clear – I 'm talking about MY experiences .
( Image : Daily Mirror )
“ Many people rely on medication to control their mental health conditions and I 'd encourage those people to carry on doing what works for them .
“ But what about all the people on medication or who have spent months and months locked up in hospital who want support but are n't getting any help ?
“ I 've met so many people like that . I feel lucky I was able to escape from the hell I was in . ”
In his book Frank will tell how he believes he was prescribed higher doses of medication as doctors feared his career as a boxer made him a threat .
“ It was definitely a factor , ” Frank says . “ I do n't know who the doctors thought I would hurt . I 've never touched a person outside the ring – and I never would . ”
The scars of his treatment motivated Frank to launch his own foundation to help rescue the soaring number of people suffering mental health problems .
He says : “ There are too many doctors happy to send people off with a bottle of pills , telling them everything will be OK. We need to think more about the different kinds of treatment we can offer . By speaking out about my experiences I hope to show everyone there is no shame in asking for help . ”
( Image : Getty )
“ Mental health problems can affect anyone : your mum , dad , brother , sister , son or daughter .
`` It does n't matter who you are . Celebrities , sports stars , millionaire businessmen , judges , dustmen – I 've met them all along the way and listened to how mental ill health can ruin lives . It almost destroyed mine , ” he adds .
In his book , Frank tells how he convinced doctors he could cope without the strong medication .
With the support of family and friends , he used exercise and lifestyle changes to help him gradually reduce the amount of tablets he was on . Eventually he was signed off them entirely .
Frank 's ring career – he won 40 of his 45 bouts – made him a national treasure , becoming a household name in the 1980s .
He was also turned into a star of stage and screen . His double act with commentator Harry Carpenter led to his catchphrase “ Know what I mean , 'Arry ? ”
Frank was crowned world champ in 1995 , beating Oliver McCall at Wembley . But then came the battles with a truly heavyweight opponent – mental illness .
He says : “ When I am on a high , I open my eyes in the morning and I feel like I can climb a mountain .
“ Nothing is beyond my reach . I look in the mirror , splash my face with water and the person staring back is young Frank – that teenage kid who was full of dreams and who had all the guts to see it through to become the best fighter in the world .
( Image : BBC )
“ But when I am low and in the grip of this illness , then , well , God help me . There will be a heavy feeling in my chest . A bit like how you feel when someone close to you dies . I will feel acutely alone , withdrawn , angry and on edge .
“ Sometimes I will barely recognise the person staring back . Only those people who have suffered from bipolar or depression will understand how it really feels when these lows strike . ”
Two years ago the Mirror revealed Frank had readmitted himself to hospital as he sought help again for his bipolar . He will write about this in his new book .
“ Nothing is left out , ” Frank says . “ I want everyone to know what I went through and how I came through the other side .
“ I need to speak out to help rescue others in the same dark place I was .
“ Too many people silently fight mental health problems without anyone in their corner . That has to end . ”
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Lucas aims to help Liverpool into the Champions League – and earn a new contract .
But Liverpool 's long-serving Brazilian midfielder admits talks are on hold until the end of the season .
And with just one year left on his deal at Anfield , after joining from Gremio in 2007 , Lucas knows he could yet be sold .
He was recalled for Reds ' 1-0 win at West Brom as Jurgen Klopp 's men climbed to third .
Lucas said : “ I want to finish the season on a high . The opportunity I have been given I think I have helped and I hope I can help in the next five games .
( Photo : Reuters )
( Photo : PA )
“ I have been here long enough and if the time comes for me to go somewhere else I think I will leave with the feeling that I did everything I could .
“ I have got one more year left after this but I think I need to just concentrate on the next five games . I do n't really know what will happen .
“ The last few games I have played I feel very good . I have played centre-back and midfield , so I give some options to the manager and when he needs me I always try to deliver .
“ There is no doubt about my commitment to Liverpool . I just need to wait until the end of the season , work hard and make a decision together with the club .
“ I feel I have many years that I can still play at the top level . I need to analyse and see what is best for me and the club and then I am sure we will make a decision together . ”
This website uses cookies . Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
NEW HAVEN , Conn. ( WTNH ) — Attention New Haven property owners , you have until Friday to fight your 2016 assessment .
Assessment appeals for 2016 have to be in by the end of business Friday , February 17 .
The assessment appeal applications can be picked up at the City of New Haven Assessor 's Office at 165 Church Street . The forms are also available online here .
Completed applications can be turned in to the Assessor 's Office , mailed to the Board of Assessment Appeals , faxed to ( 203 ) 946-7122 or emailed to NHBAA @ newhavenct.gov .
Review hearings will be scheduled for March .
UPDATE 3-Tennis-Den Bosch Open men 's singles round 2 results
June 14 ( Gracenote ) - Results from the Den Bosch Open Men 's Singles Round 2 matches on Wednesday Julien Benneteau ( France ) beat 7-Nicolas Mahut ( France ) 3-6 6-2 6-2 4-Gilles Muller ( Luxembourg ) beat Andreas Seppi ( Italy ) 7-6 ( 5 ) 6-4 2-Alexander Zverev ( Germany ) beat Adrian Mannarino ( France ) 6-2 6-3 8-Aljaz Bedene ( Britain ) beat Ernesto Escobedo ( U.S. ) 6-3 6-4
NEW DELHI : U.S. sanctions on Russian military exports have put the brakes on a $ 6 billion deal with India and may derail the arms purchases of other U.S. allies around Asia , experts say .
Under a law that U.S. President Donald Trump signed in August , any country trading with Russia ` s defence and intelligence sectors will face sanctions .
The law is designed to punish Russian President Vladimir Putin for the 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine , involvement in the Syrian civil war and meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election .
But American allies who buy weapons and equipment from Russia , the world ` s second-largest arms exporter , could suffer as well .
The highest-profile example is India , which wants to buy five S-400 long-range surface-to-air missile systems that the country ` s military sees as a game changer . The systems are touted as being able to counter the ballistic missiles and stealth aircraft that China is developing , while overwhelming the capabilities of Pakistan , India ` s other main adversary .
The deal , which Putin and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi struck as part of an inter-government agreement in 2016 , has run headlong into the U.S. sanctions law , two officials in Delhi said .
Indonesia and Vietnam also buy weapons from Russia while being regional partners of the United States . Jakarta closed a $ 1.14 billion pacts for Sukhoi fighters recently , while Vietnam is seeking more jet fighter-bombers from Russia .
And with both Almaz-Antey Air and Space Defense Corporation , which makes the S-400 , and Rosoboronexport , which negotiates Russian export deals , listed as under sanction , those deals have become trickier .
`` The optics of a major arms purchase from Russia looks quite ` iffy ` from the point of view of Western capitals , especially at a time when Russia-West relations are at an all-time low and India seeks strategic convergence with the West , including with the U.S. '' said Abhijnan Rej , a defence strategy expert at Observer Research Foundation , a New Delhi think tank .
The U.S.-led airstrikes this month against facilities of the Syrian government , an ally of Russia , has further aggravated tensions between the superpowers .
A Russian source close to the Indian S-400 deal said `` a lot will depend on the confidence and sanity of our Indian partners . ''
WIDER IMPACT
The effects of the U.S. sanctions law could be more sweeping than intended , said Cara Abercrombie , a visiting scholar at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace .
Vietnam , whose air force flies Russian-made Su-30 fighters and uses the S-300 air defence system , wants to continue modernising its inventory .
Vietnamese military scholar Carl Thayer said he believed Moscow was still pushing Hanoi to invest in state-of-the-art S-400 missile defences as part of its long-term military plans .
`` I think it is clear that Russia is still pressing Vietnam for big deals , '' Thayer said , noting that the two countries already have had reciprocal visits by defence ministers this year .
But with the United States working hard to promote sales of American military hardware , and sanctions against Russia ` s exporting agencies , Vietnam ` s plans could prove overly costly .
Indonesia , meanwhile , said the delivery of the first couple of Sukhoi Su-35 jets out of a total of 11 is on track for this year . Officials said that so far they did not anticipate any changes to the deal with the Russians .
Indonesian defence officials declined to describe what , if anything , they might do to tackle the fallout of the sanctions imposed on Russian arms sales .
A THORNY PROBLEM
Indian Foreign Secretary Vijay Gokhale and Defence Secretary Sanjay Mitra held discussions with U.S. officials in Washington last month to try to find a solution , a second Indian official said .
The issue is crucial to the Indian military , because without Russian parts , supplies and maintenance help , `` our ships wo n't sail , our planes wo n't fly , '' the official said . `` We can hardly be the regional security provider that America wants us to be at this rate . ''
One way to avoid secondary sanctions would be if the U.S. determines that India is reducing its dependence on Russian arms , said Atman Trivedi , managing director of Hills & Company , a Washington-based firm that advises on international trade and investment .
Russian hardware represented 62 percent of the country ` s total weapons imports during the past five years , compared with 79 percent in 2008-2012 , the Stockholm Peace Research Institute said in a report last month .
The U.S. administration could also declare that imposing sanctions on India , a major defence partner , would hurt U.S. national security interests . That would allow a waiver permitting India to do business with Russia .
The United States has emerged as India ` s No . 2 weapons supplier , closing $ 15 billion worth of deals over the last decade . Now Lockheed Martin and Boeing are leading the race to provide India with a fleet of new fighter-bombers , one of the world ` s largest open tenders .
`` The intent of the legislation was never to disrupt U.S.-India defence relations , which Congress has repeatedly recognised in law as a strategic priority to the U.S. , '' said Benjamin Schwartz , aerospace and defence head at United States India Business Council .
Abercrombie of Carnegie added that if Congress grants waivers to India , it may also need to do so for other countries such as Vietnam and Indonesia .
`` The bottom line : India warrants an exemption from these secondary sanctions , as does any country with which the U.S. is forging new and strategically important defence relations , '' she said .
Enrique Marquez Jr. , 25 , of Riverside , Calif. , is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack , and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges .
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit :
In his plea , Marquez admits that his friend , Syed Rizwan Farook , paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015 . That 's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook 's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center . Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College ( RCC ) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California . Those plans never materialized .
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said , `` While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed , the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center . ''
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it .
He did acknowledge that he was a `` straw buyer '' when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack .
According to a Justice Department statement :
`` Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country , '' said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden . `` It is purchases like Marquez 's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino . The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form . It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community . In this case , the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack . ''
Mandy Pifer , whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack , told The Associated Press that Marquez 's plea agreement brought mixed emotions :
`` It 's a hell of a day to come out , Valentine 's Day , '' the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said . `` I 'm relieved that it wo n't be a long trial . If it 'll be finished sooner , I 'm all for it . '' She said she planned to speak at Marquez 's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend 's killing has had on her . In his last moments , Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table , shielding her from the bullets . `` It is what it is , '' she said . `` Nothing 's going to bring him back . ''
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning .
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17 , 2015 .
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison .
You know the song , but do you know how it was written ?
Massachusetts native Katharine Lee Bates was in Colorada teaching the summer of 1893 .
The 24-year-old was part of an outing to the summit of Pikes Peak , inspiring her to write a poem . The group took a train , a horse-drawn wagon and mules .
It was at the top of the mountain when the words came to her .
“ It was then and there that the opening lines of ‘ America the Beautiful ' sprang into being , ” Bates wrote .
From all of us at the Rural Radio Network , have a great Independence Day !
Check your purses and pants pockets if you 've been buying lottery tickets in the Outaouais .
Loto-Québec says a $ 2-million winning ticket for the Sept. 6 Quebec 49 draw was sold in the region .
The winning numbers are 02-03-12-29-40-43 ( bonus number 07 ) .
If that 's you , call Loto-Québec 's customer service line at 1-866-611-5686 or head to the corporation 's payment offices in Montreal or Quebec City to claim your prize .
Deadline to claim your prize is Sept. 6 , 2018 at 4:30 p.m .
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Rivals United and City are at war over who started the Manchester derby tunnel bust-up .
The FA have launched an inquiry into Sunday 's 20-man brawl that league leaders City claim was sparked by Man United boss Jose Mourinho demanding the visitors tone down their raucous celebrations following their 2-1 win at Old Trafford .
A milk carton was thrown at him in the melee , which broke out in the doorway of the away dressing-room after the United chief allegedly told the Blues ' players lower the volume of their loud music .
City coach Mikel Arteta suffered a cut eyebrow in the ensuing fracas in the narrow corridor outside the away dressing-room , with witnesses claiming United striker Romelu Lukaku was at the centre of the ugly episode .
( Image : Allan Bentley/Cavendish Press )
The Reds deny the Belgian threw anything as tempers boiled over , but insist milk was thrown towards Mourinho from inside the City dressing-room , a charge denied by the visitors .
Both clubs have until 5pm on Wednesday to provide the FA with their written observations after it was confirmed referee Michael Oliver – whose room is adjacent to the away dressing-room at Old Trafford – did not witness the incident or include it in his report .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The two sides were intent on playing the blame game on Monday — City pointing the finger at Mourinho for sparking the incident , United claiming the over-the-top celebrations from the visitors were the catalyst for the post-match unrest .
One independent witness near the dressing room area said they had never heard music played so loud .
United is adamant Mourinho did nothing wrong and it has been suggested City captain Vincent Kompany was one of the main aggressors in the tunnel area .
( Image : PA Wire )
The incident will serve only to increase the tension that already exists between the rival neighbouring clubs and old foes Mourinho and Guardiola .
It is understood there has been no dialogue between the two clubs since the incident , with no attempt from either side to draw a line under the episode that could see both hit with FA disciplinary charges .
It is the second time in a fortnight that City have irked opponents with their post-match celebrations following a victory .
( Image : Twitter/ @ Notamendi30 )
Southampton took exception to the level of noise from their players and staff in the tunnel at the Etihad Stadium after Guardiola 's side had scored a 96th-minute winner to beat them .
It was at the end of that match when Guardiola had his animated on-pitch discussion with Saints player Nathan Redmond .
Meanwhile , United midfielder Ander Herrera has called on the Premier League to change its rules and allow players to challenge bookings .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Spaniard was cautioned for diving after going down easily following a challenge from Nicolas Otamendi , but claimed Oliver got it wrong and feels he should be able to appeal .
“ I think the penalty is amazing , ” said Herrera . “ He [ Otamendi ] did n't expect to arrive for the ball . I touched the ball first and he stamped on my foot . I think everyone saw it .
“ Everyone can make mistakes , also the referee , but I did n't deserve the yellow card .
( Image : AFP )
“ Now that 's my fourth yellow card and that 's a big problem for me because I want to play every game .
“ In Spain , if you get something undeserved , you can appeal and they take it out .
“ That 's one of the things that could improve the Premier League because it 's amazing competition . ”
Aberdeenshire Council has refuted claims made by Peter Chapman MSP that a new mental health service is excluding people , insisting that the new service will be equitable across Aberdeenshire and provides a more person centred service .
Following the awarding of the contract for a new Mental Health – Pathways to Recovery service last year , Aberdeenshire Council has been working with provider SAMH as they roll out the new service across Aberdeenshire .
It was commissioned to provide a community-based mental health service and to promote the achievement of a mentally well and inclusive Aberdeenshire in which people who experience mental illness are enabled to recover .
Co Leader of Aberdeenshire Council Cllr Richard Thomson said : “ It is simply not true to say people have fallen through a chasm and been forgotten about as has been claimed . Everyone who has registered with the new service has been contacted by SAMH and we continue to urge anyone who requires support to register with SAMH .
“ If for any reason they do not want to register with SAMH they can contact our Community Mental Health Teams who will support them . ”
“ We of course acknowledge that some existing services users remain anxious about the change of provider and new model of delivery , but there are many advantages of the new services which will be more personalised , more recovery focused , better linked to employability , accessible seven days per week , and is available across Aberdeenshire as a whole . ”
Cllr Anne Allan , Chair of Aberdeenshire Council 's Communities Committee added : “ The new service is about helping people to recover and supporting them to achieve their outcomes . A buildings based service restricts the number of people who can access the service . If people can not attend the building at the time it is open then they are excluded from the service .
“ When developing our modified service specification we were made aware that many people especially in rural areas who wanted help were unable to access the previous service model . We now have a service which is accessible to all . I completely understand that people are nervous about change but I would urge them to speak to SAMH or Community Mental Health teams so we can support them on the road to their recovery. “
The Bucs interest – serious , or just kicking tires – of former Chiefs free agent quarterback Nick Foles is over .
Foles , who was originally drafted by the Eagles in 2013 , signed back with the team on Monday , after spending last season in Kansas City and with the Rams prior .
Tampa Bay did look into Foles as a potential backup for Jameis Winston , following the departure of backup Mike Glennon last week . Glennon signed a three-year deal with the Bears that will pay him an average of $ 14.5 million per season .
The Bucs backup situation now reverts back to Ryan Griffin who has been the team 's third string quarterback the last two seasons . While some could assume the Bucs are content with Griffin , or Sean Renfree , the fact the team investigated signing Foles , coupled with the team offering Glennon $ 7-8 million to return as a backup , make it pretty clear they would like to upgrade their backup position of possible .
With Foles re-signing with the Eagles , that leaves former Eagles backup Chase Daniel looking for a new home , as the the former Missouri standout has reportedly asked for his release from Philadelphia . The Eagles had been looking to trade Daniel prior to signing Foles , but a deal has n't been struck . If Daniel is released , the Bucs could take a look at him , or a handful of the other free agents on the market , like Case Keenum , Christian Ponder or Blaine Gabbert .
Or the Bucs could just hope and pray that Winston , who has never missed a start in college or the NFL due to injury , can make it another year of 16 regular season games without missing time .
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Josh Tucker finally confessed to spiking David Platt 's drink in tonight 's Coronation Street .
The sociopathic mechanic admitted he slipped GHB into his pint , but denied raping his supposed friend .
Corrie viewers were sickened as the rapist claimed they “ both wanted it ” despite David clearly attempting to say “ no ” in Friday 's horrific scenes .
Josh then shockingly tried to turn the tables on David by insinuating he was ‘ homophobic ' with his ‘ caveman attitude ' .
( Image : ITV )
( Image : ITV )
David blasted “ twisted ” Josh and revealed he was n't knocked out completely and could “ still feel it ” .
But Josh continued to play mind games and claimed David was “ blowing hot and cold ” then “ trying to rewrite history ” .
“ You were all over me like a rash . Now suddenly you 've gone all caveman , ” said Josh .
Defiant David replied : “ I 'm not gay alright - fact - and saying that does n't make me a caveman . ”
( Image : ITV )
Disgusting Josh insisted it was “ just a laugh ” before finally confessing to spiking his drink with a few drops of GHB .
Explains his shocking actions , he said : “ To loosen us up . Both of us . It 's no biggie . Oh just save the drama we were both waisted . We both wanted it . ”
The rapist then calmly left the house but was chased down the street by mortified David .
“ You 're a hairdresser and you 've done time , ” said Josh as he made wild assumptions .
Trying to convince David he was guilty about ‘ cheating ' on Shona , he added : “ What goes on tour stays on tour . Shona 's not going to find out from me . ”
( Image : ITV )
Horrified Corrie fans took to Twitter to slam Josh after the upsetting scenes .
One viewer said : `` Josh is one sick pervert turning up at David 's acting like it 's nothing . He even admitted to spiking his drink . No remorse . Disgusting ''
Another added : `` That Josh is a sick creep ! He actually admitted to David that he spiked his drink .. saying he wanted it feel really sorry for David cause when he tells people that we are raped no one will believe him well played by u both ''
A third said : `` This Josh guy makes me SICK like I feel nauseous looking at him and how he 's playing everyone . Poor David is going through this all on his own . Nothing worse than someone making you feel like it was ur fault or that `` u wanted it '' ''
* Coronation Street continues on Wednesday at 7.30pm
Zion T. – OO
I found out about Zion T. around this time of last year . I never really followed up on him until 88rising featured “ Complex ( featuring G-Dragon ) ” on their channel . That 's about when I realized I got to stop sleeping on this dude .
“ Cinema ” is an indie jazz song about a girl who reminds him of a film . He calls her a “ 살색 스크린 ” or silk-colored screen . He rides in the passenger seat of her grey car , and he 's wondering if he is just a cameo in her scene .
In “ The Song , ” Zion explains his writing process in the lyrics . He was thinking about someone all day and hummed this song in his bathtub . The chorus says that he hopes this song does not get popular , because it 's for a special someone .
“ Comedian ” is a short and sleek song . It 's got a dark jazz piano chords bouncing off a bass guitar . The lyrics are about how he passes the days by while people laugh at him because they do n't get him .
“ Sorry ” features Beenzino who bring a more masculine vibe to a cheery song . In the chorus Zion calls himself a dunce in front of a chalkboard . He asks his hyungs ( older brothers ) who are married and they tell him to apologize right away .
“ Bad guys ” is about wanting to be rich in order to buy love but never being satisfied . “ Complex ” is about having a psychological complex and therefore being more complex than the magazine ( Complex ) .
lil tracy – TRACYS MANGA
Lil Tracy used to go by Yung Bruh . He is the son of one half of Shabazz Palaces . Like his father , he resides in Seattle , Washington as a member of the emotional trap collective THRAXXHOUSE .
“ Do n't Fit ( Prod . Captain Crunch Beats ) ” kicks the album off with a ton of magic . Nothing fits in anyone 's jeans in the song . The next song , “ Come Again ” has the same producer , but is less cray .
“ Like A Glock ” is a collaboration with Famous Dex produced by Bighead . Tracy raps a lot like early Dex before Dexter arrives on the track . As in , he says the song name over and over to the beat . Dex has heavy autotune and does his classic flow with some singing .
Big Head collaborates on the beat of “ Orange Chicken ” with 12million . The song is about Chinese food and snacks .
UnoTheActivist appears for “ Rackaid. ” The hook sounds a lot like Migos . Luckily the beat saves the song .
“ Wait Hollup .. ” is an amazing track that came out last summer but appears on this album . It uses skrt and skirt interchangeably much to the same effect of Kodak Black 's “ Purp ” that came out a month before this track .
DP Beats produces for “ Minajatwa ” . The production is interesting . There is a shimmer synth in the background swinging in stereo , but its hardly audible . I learned from Young Thug 's engineer , Alex Tumay , that 's what happens when you apply the shimmer effect . It ramps up the mid-side frequencies of a channel , but the channel becomes lost in the mix on most sound systems .
Tracy 's THRAXXHOUSE companion Horse Head appears for the last track on the album . They name drop GBC ( Goth Boi Clique ) repeatedly as this is what they also rep as a sub group within THRAXXHOUSE . THRAXXHOUSE was founded by Mackned and Key Nyata , but GothBoiClique was something Cold Hart ( Jayyeah ) came up with in his “ WORTHLESS ” album .
Crush – wonderlust
Crush is another Kpop artists I have been meaning to listen to but never got around to it till now .
I saw the video for “ Fall ” when it dropped and if you have n't seen the video , I 'll link it below .
He 's different than other Kpop rappers like Zion T. , G-Dragon , Yong Jun-hyung in that he has the softest voice of all of them .
“ wanderlust ” , not to be confused with the Wild Beats song of the same name , is just about wanting to leave a frustrating city .
“ 2411 ” is a kind of sad song . Crush is riding a bus with an empty stomach and frantic about his entrance exams . He daydreams about being on stage with Whitney Houston . He is hungry and trying to live up to his family and friends ' expectations . Bus 2411 is the same bus he rides everyday , but no longer exists . Because it disappeared with his neighborhood .
“ Nostalgia ” is about forgetting . He says “ 괜한 투정도 괜찮아요 , ” which translates into , “ It 's okay to have a bad feeling. ” “ Fall ” is about falling in love but not wanting to . He feels as though one day lasts forever because he really misses somebody .
Black Kray – SADBOY EP
Y'all probably sick of all these sad lil boys by now . In the midst of all the shits , there is one who has kept it the realest . Black Kray aka Gvcci Kray aka Lil Rari aka Lil Shye aka Baby Moet aka Foreighn Jetski aka Ferrari Kray aka IcedOutUzi has been keeping it one hunnid since Myspace days . He has rare Lil B tracks from 2010 featuring the upcoming “ Black Ken ” mixtape artwork .
There is even a 5 hour and 55-minute skate video on his YouTube channel from '08 when he was one week into school . I mean check this out for real .
Black Kray got put on by Kane Grocerys , and Xavier Wulf back when he went by Ethelwulf . He then started giving back opportunities to Nedarb Nagrom and the Swedish Sadboys from Stockholm .
People like Lil Peep , Warhol.ss , etc . need to give SickBoyRari his props for paving the road for them . Listen to the EP ( it slaps ) , watch the documentary “ Told By the Legend Himself ” and stay tuned for review of “ Black Ken ” whenever that drops .
RIYL : 21 Savage , Chief Keef , Lil Peep , Warhol.ss , Yung Lean
Have your say
Fancy swimming in the inviting waters of Waterloo Lake ?
Although swimming is banned in Roundhay Park for most of the year , three supervised open water sessions have been organised later this month to allow beginners to try the sport .
The programme is part of the World Triathlon Series ' Leeds Legacy project , and aims to introduce novices to triathlon .
Participants aged 16 and over will learn to put on a wetsuit , enter the water safely , navigate , become accustomed to the temperature and exit the lake .
Waterloo Lake was used in the World Triathlon elite and amateur races in the park back in June .
Qualified coaches and lifeguards will be on hand during the evening sessions , which are free to attend . Wetsuits are provided .
The swims take place on Thursday nights from 6.30-8.30pm on August 24 and 31 and September 7 .
All are welcome to attend .
Visit http : //active.leeds.gov.uk/communitysport/pages/eventdetails.aspx ? eventId=sports-11561 to sign up .
Talk about some fake news.A pizza man in Virginia is facing charges after he accused a pregnant woman and her boyfriend of armed robbery for demanding a refund on a messed up order.Noah Klein , 19 , is charged with making a false report after he told his boss and then police that Kristina Crockett robbed him at gunpoint.Crockett said she and her boyfriend told Klein they wanted their money back after their pizza arrived late and in an inedible state . `` It looked like it had been kicked down a football field , and chunks of pizza were missing , '' Crockett toldCrockett , who is eight months pregnant , left to get some food , but she said what happened next really freaked her out.The woman found five officers with guns drawn on her boyfriend and cousin when she returned home . `` How do you get from returning a pizza and getting your money back to five cops and everybody is being separated and talked to and I ca n't go into my apartment ? '' Crockett said . `` So , it was nervous and stressful . `` The York Poquoson Sheriff 's Office says the driver was upset he had to return the pizza , so he filed the false report . `` With the report of an armed robbery allegedly occurring at that residence , we 're going in with at least a mindset these people may be armed and we have to take precautions to make sure the citizens around that area are safe , '' said Deputy Dennis Ivey , Jr.Crockett said she was terrified knowing the pizza man 's claim could have had serious consequences for her family .
ISLAMABAD : The hearing of Al-Azizia Steel Mills reference against the Sharif family was adjourned till Monday ( July 9 ) as Accountability Court Judge Muhammad Bashir was on leave .
Duty Judge Arshad Malik resumed the hearing of the reference against former prime minister Nawaz Sharif .
During the proceedings , defence counsel Khawaja Haris said he wanted to continue cross-examination of the prosecution in the presence of Judge Muhammad Bashir .
The decision in one of the references against his client was about to be announced , after which the situation would be changed , he added .
The duty judge observed that he had no objection in that regard and adjourned the hearing till July 9.— APP
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A couple were amazed to discover they crossed paths years before they met - when an old family photo revealed he photobombed his future fiancee as a child .
Verona Koliqi and her partner Mirand Buzaku were looking through old pictures together when they noticed a child in the background of the snap was actually Mirand as a boy .
Now an Instagram make-up artist , London based Verona was on a family holiday 10 years ago in Montenegro when her future fiancé floated past her in the sea lying on a yellow lilo .
When she showed the photo to Mirand , he recognised himself and his inflatable .
“ He said , ‘ Hold up , I think that 's me ! ' We both looked at each other and said , ‘ No way , that ca n't be true , ' ” Verona told Yahoo Lifestyle .
( Image : @ veronavanity1/Instagram )
`` Being the type to look behind the photo he noticed the kid in the back had the same shirt , shorts and floaty as him , '' Verona wrote on Instagram .
`` We analyzed further and confirmed with family members that its him photobombing my family photo . ''
The photo shows Verona and her young cousins posing in the ocean at a beach in Montenegro with Mirand floating by in the background .
The couple , who are both originally from Kosovo , did not meet until years later .
“ I never knew something like this could happen , even though I 've heard a saying : ‘ You will have passed your soul mate at least once way before you actually meet up , ' ” she says .
Koliqi still lives in the UK , but she was visiting Kosovo in the summer of 2016 , when her path once again crossed with Mirand 's .
( Image : @ veronavanity1/Instagram )
“ We exchanged looks every day we saw each other but did nothing , ” she said .
She made the first move by liking one of his photos on Instagram and a year later , he proposed to her at a resort in Turkey .
“ I had no clue he was going to propose to me , because in our country 's tradition , engagements are planned and have to be agreed by both beforehand , ” Verona said .
He arranged for music and a photographer when he got down on one knee in a restaurant .
Verona , who usually posts examples of her makeup artistry on her Instagram , shared the photo of her engagement beside the photo of their childhood almost-meeting on her account . The post quickly racked up more than 31,000 likes .
KANSAS CITY , Kan. ( AP ) - A pollster hired by Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach testified Monday that a survey of 500 adults he conducted found just one person who could n't produce a document proving U.S. citizenship .
The Topeka Capital-Journal reported his testimony came on the seventh day of a federal bench trial challenging Kansas ' proof-of-citizenship requirement .
Pollster Pat McFerron also acknowledged possible bias in his survey under questioning by an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union .
U.S. District judge Julie Robinson allowed McFerron to testify , even though he was not identified as an expert witness before the deadline that had been set by the judge .
McFerron is president of Cole Hargrave Snodgrass , a firm that primarily caters to Republican candidates . He was paid $ 9,000 for his survey .
One of the survey questions asked : `` In 2011 , because of evidence that aliens were registering and voting in Kansas elections , the Kansas Legislature passed a law requiring that people who register to vote for the first time must prove that they are United States citizens before they can become registered . Do you support or oppose this ? ''
Seventy-seven percent supported the law , 14 percent opposed and 9 percent had no opinion .
Citing the wording of the survey question , ACLU attorney Neil Steiner asked whether it introduces bias into the survey . McFerron agreed it could .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The battle for the leadership of Britain 's biggest union turned bitter today as Unite general secretary Len McCluskey and rival Gerard Coyne traded blows over its influence on Labour .
Challenger Mr Coyne triggered the row after criticising an interview the current union boss gave to yesterday 's Mirror .
Mr McCluskey signalled Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn could quit before the 2020 general election unless “ awful ” polls are reversed , in an intervention which dominated the day 's political agenda .
But Mr Coyne accused Mr McCluskey of acting like “ a puppet master ” .
( Photo : PA )
Mr McCluskey hit back saying Unite 's democracy would “ not be safe in ” his rival 's hands when the pair goes head-to-head this spring .
The deepening row highlights how the tense leadership race could impact on Labour and the party hierarchy .
Mr McCluskey , who has been general secretary since 2011 , said : “ Unite 's democracy would not be safe in Gerard Coyne 's hands .
“ His latest outburst is not an attack on myself as much as on our lay leadership and rank-and-file activists .
“ He claims that I decided that Unite should support Jeremy Corbyn as Labour leader in 2015 and 2016 .
( Photo : Leon Neal/Getty Images )
“ Yet the truth , as he is well aware , is that in 2015 this was a decision of our elected lay Executive Council , and in 2016 of our 600-strong Policy Conference , by a vast majority .
“ To claim otherwise is to disrespect our membership and our democracy , while asserting that our union is a political 'puppet master ' panders to the worst anti-Labour stereotypes of the media .
“ These unscrupulous remarks show that Gerard Coyne 's campaign is not being driven by concern for Unite and its members ' interests .
“ It is being scripted by the failed plotters in the Parliamentary Labour Party , for whom Unite would be collateral damage in their political project to bring back Blairism .
“ Unite is electing a general secretary , not a politicians ' puppet .
“ I urge Gerard Coyne to raise the tone of his campaign , and focus on the workplace issues which Unite members care about . ”
Earlier , Mr Coyne issued a statement saying he was “ astonished and deeply concerned that at a time like this , Len McCluskey should deliver what amounts to a public ultimatum to the leader of the Labour Party ” .
He added : `` My criticism of his handling of the role of general secretary of Unite is not whether he has backed the right leader or the wrong leader of the Labour Party , but that he appears to think it is his job to be Labour 's puppet master .
`` In 2015 and in 2016 , he decided the Labour Party should be led by Jeremy Corbyn , and spent hundreds of thousands of pounds of Unite members ' money to make that happen .
“ It is not in the interest of Unite 's members that the General Secretary should spend so much of his time and their money playing politics . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A 51-year-old man is to stand trial accused of the murders of two nine-year-old schoolgirls in Brighton more than 30 years ago .
Russell Bishop appeared before a judge at London 's Old Bailey via video link over the killings , with his arms crossed and resting his head in his hand .
He has pleaded not guilty to the charges against him .
Friends Nicola Fellows and Karen Hadaway were found dead in a park near their homes in the East Sussex town in October 1986 .
( Image : The People )
( Image : The People )
( Image : PA )
The pals went missing and their bodies were discovered in bushes in Wild Park , near the Moulscoomb estate , the following day .
Bespectacled and balding Bishop appeared in custody via video link before Mr Justice Edis for a plea hearing at the Old Bailey .
He wore a black and white striped T-shirt .
He spoke to confirm his name and , when asked to enter pleas to the two murder charges , replied : `` Not guilty ma'am . ''
( Image : Daily Mirror )
( Image : The People )
He is accused of killing Nicola and Karen on October 9 , 1986 .
The senior judge has set a trial at the Old Bailey for October 15 this year .
The case is expected to go on for six to eight weeks .
Bishop was remanded back into custody . Mr Justice Edis authorised some matters discussed at the hearing to be published .
In this report , the global Rail Switching Power Supply market is valued at USD XX a million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX a million by the end of 2022 , growing at a CAGR of XX % between 2016 and 2022 .
View Full Report with TOC @ http : //www.acutemarketreports.com/report/rail-switching-power-supply-market
Geographically , this report is segmented into several key Regions , with production , consumption , revenue ( million USD ) , market share and growth rate of Rail Switching Power Supply in these regions , from 2012 to 2022 ( forecast ) , covering
North America
Europe
Global Rail Switching Power Supply market competition by top manufacturers , with production , price , revenue ( value ) and market share for each manufacturer ; the top players including
Siemens
Phoenixcontact
TDK-Lambda
OMRON
Detron
On the basis of product , this report displays the production , revenue , price , market share and growth rate of each type , primarily split into
Single-Phase
Two-Phase
Three-Phase
On the basis on the end users/applications , this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users , consumption ( sales ) , market share and growth rate of Rail Switching Power Supply for each application , including
Download Free Sample Report @ http : //www.acutemarketreports.com/request-free-sample/110028
1 Rail Switching Power Supply Market Overview
1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Rail Switching Power Supply
1.2 Rail Switching Power Supply Segment by Type ( Product Category )
1.2.1 Global Rail Switching Power Supply Production and CAGR ( % ) Comparison by Type ( Product Category ) ( 2012-2022 )
1.2.2 Global Rail Switching Power Supply Production Market Share by Type ( Product Category ) in 2016
1.2.3 Single-Phase
2 Global Rail Switching Power Supply Market Competition by Manufacturers
2.1 Global Rail Switching Power Supply Capacity , Production and Share by Manufacturers ( 2012-2017 )
2.1.1 Global Rail Switching Power Supply Capacity and Share by Manufacturers ( 2012-2017 )
2.1.2 Global Rail Switching Power Supply Production and Share by Manufacturers ( 2012-2017 )
2.2 Global Rail Switching Power Supply Revenue and Share by Manufacturers ( 2012-2017 )
3 Global Rail Switching Power Supply Capacity , Production , Revenue ( Value ) by Region ( 2012-2017 )
3.1 Global Rail Switching Power Supply Capacity and Market Share by Region ( 2012-2017 )
3.2 Global Rail Switching Power Supply Production and Market Share by Region ( 2012-2017 )
3.3 Global Rail Switching Power Supply Revenue ( Value ) and Market Share by Region ( 2012-2017 )
3.4 Global Rail Switching Power Supply Capacity , Production , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin ( 2012-2017 )
3.5 North America Rail Switching Power Supply Capacity , Production , Revenue , Price and Gross Margin ( 2012-2017 )
13 Research Findings and Conclusion
14 Appendices
14.1 Methodology/Research Approach
14.1.1 Research Programs/Design
14.1.2 Market Size Estimation
14.1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation
14.2 Data Source
14.2.1 Secondary Sources
14.2.2 Primary Sources
14.3 Disclaimer
View Full Report with TOC @ http : //www.acutemarketreports.com/report/rail-switching-power-supply-market
About – Acute Market Reports :
Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online . It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements . We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world 's most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries , products , establishments and trends .
Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online .
Contact Us :
Name : Chris Paul
ACUTE MARKET REPORTS
Designation : Global Sales Manager
Toll Free ( US/CANADA ) : +1-855-455-8662
Email : sales @ acutemarketreports.com
Website : http : //www.acutemarketreports.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Paul Pogba has fired shots at Zlatan Ibrahimovic with his latest Instagram post .
The Manchester United midfielder trolled his former team-mate by uploading a video of himself performing an impressive martial art kick .
The Frenchman gets his leg high before powerfully bringing it down on the top of the punching bag .
Ibrahimovic 's love of Taekwondo is well known and he regularly claims his black belt expertise in the martial art has helped prolong his career .
In fact the LA Galaxy striker used his self defence skills to produce an outlandish through ball against Atlanta recently .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : Paul Pogba/Instagram )
( Image : Paul Pogba/Instagram )
However , one man who was not impressed was Pogba .
Along with the video , Pogba put the caption : `` Zlatan you think you the only one who can put your leg high . ''
Knowing Ibrahimovic , Pogba can expect a reply within the next 24 hours .
Fans hold an American flag during the national anthem before the Cowboys game against the Rams on Oct. 1 at AT & T Stadium . Michael Ainsworth AP
WASHINGTON ( Sputnik ) - The US Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) interviewed President Donald Trump 's former top aide Paul Manafort twice before he became a campaign manager for Trump , court documents showed on Tuesday .
Federal agents questioned Manafort in March 2013 and again in July 2014 , newly filed court documents obtained by The Washington Post revealed .
The court filings were released by the office of Special Counsel Robert Mueller , who is currently investigating the Trump campaign 's alleged ties to Russia .
© AP Photo / J. Scott Applewhite Judge Denies Ex-Trump Campaign Mngr . Manafort 's Latest Bid to Ease Bail Terms
Mueller has charged Manafort with conspiracy , money-laundering , and acting as an unregistered foreign agent for the Ukrainian government , among other charges .
The FBI gave Manafort copies of his previous FBI interviews .
Mueller is investigating allegations that Russia interfered in the 2016 US election and claims that Trump 's campaign team colluded with Moscow to influence the outcome of the vote .
Russian officials have repeatedly denied allegations of interference , calling the accusations `` absurd . '' Trump has also denied any collusion between himself and the Kremlin and has called Mueller 's investigation a `` witch hunt . ''
Carbon Nanotube Market– In depth Overview
The global Carbon Nanotube Market has seen a remarkable growth over the past decade and as per the analysis , the globalMarket will retain this growth status during the forecast period . The global Carbon Nanotube Market is expected to reach more than USD 55 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of more than 5.5 % . Additives in plastic increase it 's the strength , reliability and other physical properties . Plastic is one of most used material in several applications ranging from packaging , automotive , wire and cable , consumer goods , construction and so on . The global Carbon Nanotube Market is mainly driven by the increasing demand of plastic and growing application segment across the globe . Additionally , the emerging economies of APAC region , rising per capita income and increasing urbanization has also become the growing factors .
Global Carbon Nanotube ( CNT ) Market Information : by Type ( Single Walled and Multi-Walled ) , by Method ( Arc Discharge , Laser Ablation , Chemical Vapor Deposition , High Pressure Carbon Monoxide ) , by End Use Industries ( Aerospace & Defense , Electrical & Electronics , Automotive , Energy , Sports , and Others ) , and by Region till 2023
Key Players for Carbon Nanotube Market :
BASF SE
Dow Chemical
DuPont
Evonik Industries
ExxonMobil
Mitsui Chemical
SABIC
Chemtura Corporation
Clariant
Bayer AG
Get Sample Report Copy @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4397
Target Audience
• Manufactures of end-useIndustry
• Raw material Suppliers
• Aftermarket suppliers
• Research Institute / Education Institute
• Potential Investors
• Key executive ( CEO and COO ) and strategy growth manager
Additional Information
• Regulatory Landscape
• Pricing Analysis
• Macroeconomic Indicators
Geographic Analysis
• Geographical analysis across 15 countries .
Company Information
•Profiling of 10 key Market players
• In-depth analysis including SWOT analysis , and strategy information of related to report title
• Competitive landscape including emerging trends adopted by major companies .
Regional Analysis :
The Global CNT Market is divided into five key regions : Asia Pacific , North America , Europe , Latin America , and the Middle East & Africa . Among them , Asia Pacific is both the largest and fastest growing region in the Global CNT Market . This region accounts for ~45 % share of the overall CNT market . India , Japan , and China are the leading market in this region owing to the presence of major key players and end use industries such as electrical & electronics and automotive . North America is closely following Asia Pacific in terms of the market size . Germany , the U.K. , France , and Italy are the major markets in this region . This is attributed to the growing aerospace & defense industry along with green energy sector in this region . After North America , Europe is the major region in terms market size , in the global CNT market . The U.S is holding major share of the regional CNT market . The aerospace & defense industry along with automotive industry in this region are consuming considerable amount of CNT , which is anticipated to push the regional market forward . Latin America is projected to grow at significantly at a higher CAGR in coming years due to increasing industrialization and pacifying economic conditions in Brazil and Colombia . Lastly , the Middle East & Africa is emerging owing to an increasing construction activities to cater flourishing tourism industry in the region to join hands with the leading regions in the Global CNT Market during the forecast period .
The report covers brief analysis of geographical region includes
North America
• US
• Canada
Europe
•Germany
•France
•Italy
•The Netherlands
•U.K .
•Rest of Europe
APAC
•China
•India
•Japan
•Rest of Asia-Pacific
RoW
•South America
•Middle East
•Africa
Get Complete Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/carbon-nanotube-market-4397
LIST OF TABLES :
Table 1 World Population By Major Regions ( 2016 To 2030 )
Table 2 Global Carbon Nanotube Market : By Region , 2016-2023
Table 3 North America Carbon Nanotube Market : By Country , 2016-2023
Table 4 Europe Carbon Nanotube Market : By Country , 2016-2023
Table 5 Asia-Pacific Carbon Nanotube Market : By Country , 2016-2023
Table 6 Middle East & Africa Carbon Nanotube Market : By Country , 2016-2023
Table 7 Latin America Carbon Nanotube Market : By Country , 2016-2023
LIST OF FIGURES :
FIGURE 1 Global Carbon Nanotube Market Segmentation
FIGURE 2 Forecast Methodology
FIGURE 3 Five Forces Analysis Of Global Carbon Nanotube Market
FIGURE 4 Value Chain Of Global Carbon Nanotube Market
FIGURE 5 Share Of Global Carbon Nanotube Market In 2016 , By Country ( In % )
FIGURE 6 Global Carbon Nanotube Market , 2016-2023 ,
BLACKSBURG , Va. ( AP ) — Those who attend Virginia Tech begin taking their semester-ending final exams on Friday .
The men 's basketball team will be tackling its toughest exam of the season Saturday in Lexington , Kentucky .
Behind Chris Clarke 's season-best 18 points , the Hokies cruised to a 93-40 victory over Maryland-Eastern Shore on Sunday , setting up a showdown with No . 8 Kentucky on Saturday at Rupp Arena .
Virginia Tech has n't played the Wildcats since the 1996 NCAA Tournament – and has never played at Rupp .
“ I think it 'll be a great experience , ” Virginia Tech coach Buzz Williams said . “ I anticipate a lot of good things to learn from it . I anticipate a lot of things that we have n't seen thus far that we can learn from . I think they 're top 20 in offensive efficiency and top 20 in defensive efficiency , and I would say that they 're 1 or 2 in number of first-round picks on their roster . It 'll be good for us . Good or bad , it 'll be good for us . ”
The Hokies ( 9-1 ) certainly will be stepping up in competition . Virginia Tech has played eight teams with losing records so far this season , including Sunday 's foe , UMES ( 3-8 ) .
Clarke hit 7 of 9 from the floor , including all three of his 3-point attempts for the hot-shooting Hokies , who won their seventh straight game . The nation 's highest scoring team coming into this one ( 96.6 ppg ) , the Hokies scored more than 90 points for the seventh time this season .
Nickeil Alexander-Walker added 16 points on 6-of-7 shooting , and Ahmed Hill finished with 15 , as Virginia Tech shot 54.7 percent from the floor ( 35 of 64 ) and hit 15 3-pointers .
Virginia Tech buried the Hawks with a barrage of first-half 3s . The Hokies led just 16-15 with a little more than 12 minutes remaining in the first half before embarking on a 23-1 run to take control . They hit six 3-pointers in that run , with Clarke , Alexander-Walker and Wabissa Bede hitting two each .
Clarke 's seven field goals and three 3-pointers marked his highest of the season . He tore his ACL in February , missed the final nine games of last season , and now appears to be rounding into form .
“ My legs are feeling good , 95-100 percent , ” Clarke said . “ But I 'm just trying to do what I can for the team . ”
The Hokies , also the nation 's best shooting team coming into this game , shot 60 percent in the first half ( 21 of 35 ) and hit 11 of 17 from beyond the arc . The Hokies led 54-22 at halftime – their largest halftime lead this season .
Cameron Bacote led the Hawks with 12 points . The Hawks have lost three straight and five of their past six games .
“ The hard part is almost over for us , ” UMES coach Bobby Collins said . “ If we can get past our next three games ( road games at Creighton , Iowa State and Drake ) and weather the storm and keep this team together , then we 'll be OK in conference play . ”
TIP-INS
UMES : The Hawks are in the midst of a brutal stretch of non-conference games . This was the third of six straight on the road – they play 12 of their 15 non-league games on the road – and they have lost their seven road games this season by an average of 38 points per game . They still have three straight road games before returning home for just the third time this season .
Virginia Tech : The Hokies have gotten at least 19 points from their bench in every game this season , including their victory over the Hawks . Led by Clarke , the Hokies ' bench players scored a season-best 37 points . Tech 's bench is averaging 27.8 points per game this season .
DOING IT WITH DEFENSE
Williams has been critical of the Hokies ' defense this season , but Virginia Tech shut down the Hawks . The Hokies allowed just 40 points and held the Hawks to just 27.8 percent ( 15 of 54 ) shooting from the floor . The 40 points , 27.8 shooting percentage and 15 baskets were the fewest by a Virginia Tech opponent this season .
“ We changed completely what we were doing defensively than the previous nine games , ” Williams said . “ I thought our guys handled the execution of that in a much more mature way than I anticipated . That speaks to who they are . ”
LEGEND RETURNS HOME – AGAIN
Adrian “ Ace ” Custis returned to his old stomping grounds Sunday for the third time , as the current UMES assistant coach played basketball at Virginia Tech in the mid-1990s . Custis , now in his fourth season at UMES , is one of just three players in Virginia Tech history to record more than 1,000 points and 1,000 rebounds . Virginia Tech retired Custis ' No . 20 jersey at the end of his senior season in 1997 , making him just one of four Tech players to have his jersey number retired .
UP NEXT
UMES : The Hawks play at Creighton on Friday night .
Virginia Tech : The Hokies gear up for their biggest challenge of the season , as they travel to Kentucky for a Saturday afternoon game against the Wildcats .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks , threats , online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed . All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility . ( You can disagree with others courteously , without being disagreeable . ) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say . To report abuse or spam , click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
When you 're at breaking point , a survival instinct keeps you going . You do n't want to admit you ca n't handle it , as you know you 'll be judged for it .
You exist on a diet of “ I 'm fine ! ” and false optimism , waiting for someone­ to take pity on you and say you do n't have to pretend any more .
This is the NHS today , a nervous wreck surviving on sheer goodwill and a determination not to let anyone down . It ca n't go on .
Patients unattended , cancelled operations , preventable deaths in overstretched hospitals – their origin is the same .
A lack of investment in staff means recruitment and retention levels are hurtling toward disaster .
( Image : Getty )
Disillusioned and knackered doctors and nurses are turning their backs on their vocation in terrifying numbers .
Faced with long , backbreaking hours , unsympathetic working conditions , understaffed rotas , suffocating bureaucracy and risible remuneration , NHS staff are pressing the ejector seat as soon as they can .
The truth is that 10 % of the UK 's nurses left the profession in 2017 . Only half of junior docs stay beyond two years . I posted a message on a junior doctors ' group on Facebook for ­anyone to contact me if they were thinking of leaving .
( Image : Getty )
I received so many emails it took me a full day to reply to them all . “ I ca n't think of anyone in my department who is n't thinking of leaving ” , said Sophie , a paediatrician .
She describes a culture of expectation that wrings untold hours of extra work out of already exhausted staff . “ There 's a fairly standard procedure that on a Thursday they 'll realise there 's no one to work the weekend , ” she says .
“ Names are drawn to decide who has to work , regardless of whether you 're the best man or have no one to look after your kid . Someone agrees . ”
This disillusionment with a system which treats them with contempt is driving our most talented staff abroad .
( Image : Getty )
Jack and his wife , both doctors , quit the UK for New Zealand when the strain got too much .
“ Working 70–80 hour weeks in intensive care and watching senior politicians say doctors were being greedy and letting patients die by not working weekends made us feel pretty small , ” he says .
To make up the gap , we rely on staff from countries like Spain , Portugal and the Philippines . With Brexit , this staff are already looking elsewhere .
Ben , in his second year on the wards , hit breaking point : “ Two doctors in my trust have taken their own lives , and I was days away from being number three , so I 've left . ”
So what 's the answer ? Money . Investment . Something 's got to give . Your move , Mr Hunt ...
Doctors ' names have been changed
This is Going to Hurt : Secret Diaries of a Junior Doctor by Adam Kay is published by Picador .
Do n't let Tories betray 70 years of achievement
By Jon Ashworth , Shadow Health Secretary
This summer marks 70 years since a Labour Government set up the NHS . It is one of our country 's greatest achievements , and now we face a fight to defend it .
In London today I will join thousands of people marching to call for protection for our NHS against the dangers of this Tory Government .
The truth is that eight years of Tory underfunding , cuts and privatisation has pushed the NHS to the brink .
This winter has been the worst on record , with overcrowded hospitals , ops cancelled and treatments delayed . It is heartbreaking to see pictures of elderly patients languishing for hours on trolleys in corridors .
( Image : Getty )
In my own city of Leicester a cancer patient had vital treatment cancelled . What a disgrace .
It is all a consequence of decisions taken by Theresa May and her Government . Our brilliant NHS staff are being let down by ministers who refuse to give the NHS the money it needs .
There remains overwhelming support for a publicly funded and publicly provided NHS .
A Labour Government would end the privatisation of the NHS and restore the health service to expert , public control . Labour would bring forward the investment our NHS needs . We 'll support our NHS staff and end the toxic privatisation agenda .
ATLANTA ( AP ) — Two Georgia cellmates who killed their guards and escaped from a prison bus have stolen a second vehicle as they try to stay ahead of a massive manhunt , a sheriff said Wednesday .
Donnie Russell Rowe , serving life without parole , and Ricky Dubose , who has prominent tattoos on his face and neck , took a white pickup truck from an industrial site sometime between 6 p.m. Tuesday and 6 a.m. Wednesday , potentially enabling them to get hours away before the theft was discovered , Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills said .
Sills described the fugitives as violent repeat offenders and extremely dangerous , having taken the guards ' 9 mm pistols . He urged anyone who sees them to call 911 immediately .
“ They just murdered two corrections officers in a brutal fashion , ” Sills said . “ They 're not concerned with anything regarding human life . ”
Immediately after the killings early Tuesday , the pair carjacked a driver who happened to pull up behind the bus on a rural highway , and drove away in a “ grass green , ” four-door 2004 Honda Civic with the Georgia license plate number RBJ-6601 , authorities said .
They left 31 other inmates locked in the bus with the two dead guards , and took the driver 's phone . By the time help arrived , they had vanished .
Hours later , authorities converged on the small city of Madison , about 25 miles to the north , where they determined the fugitives had ransacked a house around 10:30 a.m. Tuesday . Sills said they took some food and likely some clothes , since they left their prison uniforms behind .
Authorities put up roadblocks , only to discover Wednesday morning that the pickup had been stolen , from a site about 9 miles away from the burglary . Now authorities also are searching for a 2008 white Ford F250 pickup truck with the Georgia tag BCX-5372 . Since they have n't found the Honda Civic yet , it 's not clear whether the fugitives are still together .
BOLO : Please retweet pic.twitter.com/XW6V6lIwQV — GA Bureau of Invest ( @ GBI_GA ) June 14 , 2017
“ It 's very frustrating , ” Sills said . “ We need the public 's help in locating these vehicles and locating these individuals . ”
Sills agreed with reporters that Dubose will have trouble hiding his prominent tattoos , which include crowns above his eyebrows , a star below his right ear and graffiti-style letters all across his neck . Sills said Dubose also has “ ghost ” tattooed on his right forefinger and “ face ” on his right pinky finger — signs of membership in the Ghost Face Gangsters .
Both escaped inmates were serving long sentences for armed robbery and other crimes . The Department of Corrections website indicates Rowe has been serving life without parole since 2002 , and Dubose began a 20-year sentence in 2015 .
The inmates have been cellmates more than once in Georgia 's prisons , had known each other for “ quite a while ” and may have planned the escape together , Department of Corrections Assistant Commissioner Ricky Myrick said .
Baldwin State Prison officers Sgt . Christopher Monica and Sgt . Curtis Billue were driving 33 inmates between prisons when Rowe and Dubose overpowered them and then used the guards ' guns to kill them around 6:45 a.m. Tuesday , authorities have said .
The other inmates have been questioned and a camera on the bus recorded the guards being shot , but corrections officials have not explained to the public how the pair managed to get through the inmate compartment 's normally locked door .
“ They were inside the caged area of the bus , ” Sills said . “ How they got through the locks and things up to that area I do not know . ”
The sheriff said he 's watched the bus video on a cellphone , and could n't immediately tell which inmate fired the fatal shots .
Monica , 42 , and Billue , 58 , were both transfer sergeants at Baldwin State Prison . Monica had been with the Georgia Department of Corrections since October 2009 and Billue since July 2007 .
“ Officer Billue 's family asks for prayers for all of those who are now placing their own lives at risk to bring these men to justice and asks anyone who has information that may assist in apprehending these perpetrators to please contact law enforcement , ” Jim Green , an attorney who 's speaking for the Billue family , said in an email Tuesday .
The reward for information leading to their arrest grew Wednesday to $ 90,000 , contributed by multiple agencies , Sills said .
Sills said it 's likely the pair has left the Madison area . Many law enforcement officers from local , state and federal agencies are hunting for them . “ They 've certainly had time to get out of the state , ” Sills said .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Conor McGregor has revealed he has travelled to Malibu on a booty hunt for Khloe Kardashian .
UFC megastar McGregor is winding up for a potential superfight with former WBO world Welterwight champ Floyd Mayweather JR .
But to rest the Irishman is touring the beautiful Californian beaches in search of seeing a Kardashian in the flesh .
`` That 's why we 're headed out to Malibu now , where he 's rented a giant stone house by the sea , '' he told GQ .
( Photo : Getty Images North America )
( Photo : @ TheNotoriousMMA )
“ Maybe I 'll search for Khloe 's big fat a—she 's been floating around Malibu . I do n't give a f * ck about them . I just like to see them in the flesh .
“ Just see what the big fat a * * * * on them look like . ''
( Photo : Kelly Serfoss / Serfoss Productions )
McGregor 's has been buoyed by the new his proposed mega-fight against Mayweather WOULD be allowed to take place in Las Vegas .
`` That 's certainly a fight that we would approve and have in Vegas , '' commission 's executive director Bob Bennett told USA Today . `` Who would n't want to regulate the two best fighters at 150 pounds in their respective unarmed combat fields ?
`` Mayweather 's a phenomenal fighter , and so is McGregor . Sure , that 's a fight we would approve .
( Photo : gq )
`` He 's a phenomenal athlete . He 's arguably one of the best strikers from the UFC . He 's in great shape ; he 's hardcore , he trains hard , fights hard .
`` Mayweather is arguably one of the best fighters of all time because he does n't believe in getting hit . But let 's not forget Floyd ( will be ) 40 and Conor is 28 , so it 'd make for a great fight . ''
A 22-year-old farmer was injured after a wild boar attacked him at Suniti village within Mahakalpada police station jurisdiction , police said.The incident occurred yesterday when Budhadeb Bera ( 22 ) was returning home after working in his field . `` The animal might haves sneaked into the village to eat crops and standing vegetable plants as the place is located in close vicinity of forest areas and habitation corridors of these animals , '' said Divisional Forest Officer , Bimal Prasana Acharya.Bera was critically injured and was hospitalised.The forest department was bearing the cost of treatment of the injured person , the DFO said adding , ex-gratia compensation would be disbursed to the injured persons family.Forest personnel have begun maintaining a night watch in the village . The villagers have been advised to avoid movement during night , added forest officials.Source : PTI
It 's a long-lived and sacred Tinseltown tradition that comics legend Stan Lee is automatically given a special cameo in any of Marvel 's resulting movies or television shows if he wants it , and Marvel 's Runaways is no exception .
This time , Lee will be appearing on the series for a brief stint as a limo driver , adding to the growing list of everydaymen he 's appeared as throughout the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
Entertainment Weekly has this first-glimpse of Lee in his mini-role and reveals that he almost played someone much different in the Hulu superhero series , from a Hugh Hefner redux ( as he did in Iron Man ) to an artist ( which would 've been pretty meta , for obvious reasons ) . They landed on the limo driver idea instead to keep his role `` mysterious . ''
Marvel 's The Runaways , Hulu via EW
It 's not the first time he 's been on wheels for one of these things , either . He played a truck driver in Thor 2 , a train passenger in Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. , and a blissfully unaware bus passenger in Doctor Strange .
And not only was Lee game to stop into the set of Marvel 's Runaways , but he also reportedly complimented Runaways creator Brian K. Vaughan by saying , `` Great storyline ! '' We got ta imagine that must have felt pretty good .
Marvel 's Runaways airs Tuesdays on Hulu .
The owner of Backstage Auctions , Jacques van Gool , is the guest on Goldmine Magazine 's first podcast of February 2018 . Van Gool talks to editor Patrick Prince about the Houston-based auctioneer 's upcoming Headliners & Legends auction on February 16-25 . ( Preview starts February 9 . ) Highlights of the auction include artist signed guitars , RIAA-certified record awards and original Peter Max paintings . There will be a lot more music memorabilia included in this auction , of course , and collectors will be interested in hearing all the details on this featured podcast .
Listen to the podcast episode below , or on iTunes .
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Carla Connor will seduce Daniel Osbourne tonight - something that neither would have perhaps predicted .
Coronation Street viewers have been watching the pair get on very well ever since the factory owner stepped back onto the cobbles .
But this evening , their friendship will go one step further when Carla invites herself around to his flat after hearing that he has been rejected by ex-girlfriend Sinead Tinker .
Coronation Street spoiler : Toyah Battersby finds out about Eva Price 's pregnancy - and urges her to tell Aidan Connor
But her ex Peter is watching on as she enters the flat . Will jealousy stir any hidden feelings he has for Carla ?
There , she makes a serious play for the budding journalist and seduces him .
Later , Sinead heads around to Daniel 's after feeling regretful about knocking him back . But she is left devastated when she sees Daniel kissing Carla on his doorstep .
Sinead confides in Beth , who has it out with Daniel in The Rovers .
Peter witnesses the fallout and is left fuming .
Last year , Kate Oates , one of the programme 's bosses , told The Sun : '' She 's unexpected , I think that people will go , ‘ Oh ! That 's a slightly crazy pairing ! ' .
Summer Spellman returns to Coronation Street - and reveals exactly how bosses wrote out shamed Bruno Langley
`` I would encourage viewers who are wrong-footed by it - in a way that they are uncomfortable with it - to think about what each character might be getting out of this fling .
`` Then it will hopefully make more sense . ''
* Coronation Street airs tonight at 7.30pm and 8.30pm
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Amid the mayhem and noise , there was only one person not celebrating on another magical European night at Anfield .
Mo Salah was the hero , the genius carrying Liverpool towards more European glory and yet the winger just stood with his hands above his head while his teammates mobbed him .
The roof was being lifted off the place by the sheer , deafening noise and Salah refused to celebrate against the club who sold him to Liverpool for £35m last summer .
That has got to be the best piece of business Liverpool have ever done because , right now , Salah looks unstoppable - and Roma must rue the day they let him go .
( Image : Clive Brunskill )
( Image : PA )
Roma 's two late goals means the tie is not done and dusted yet but this night still belonged to Salah with two goals and two assists as Liverpool took a big step towards history .
Salah 's brace takes him to 43 goals in 47 games in all competitions and not even Cristiano Ronaldo or Robert Lewandowski can match those figures .
Liverpool will not be frightened of Real Madrid or Bayern Munich if they get either of the European superpowers in next month 's final because Salah is unstoppable .
( Image : Clive Brunskill )
And the beauty of Salah is that he is a big game player . Just when Roma looked to be comfortable and Liverpool were nervy , up stepped Salah to make the difference .
Anfield turned up the volume and Liverpool produced Jurgen Klopp 's rock and roll football as they were too loud , too heavy and too good for Roma .
It was Salah 's night and yet it also belonged again to Anfield because , just when you thought it could not get any louder than against Manchester City in the last round , it was another occasion to savour .
( Image : PA )
Liverpool felt a wonderful sense of destiny around this tie having beaten Roma in their own stadium to win the 1984 European Cup .
Those pieces of history made Liverpool believe in fate so that , no matter what happened , they would come through and stay on course for their sixth European Cup .
Roma had no answer and no way of stopping Salah as they visibly shrank amid the deafening noise and red-hot atmosphere in Anfield . This will be right up there with the very best European nights .
( Image : REUTERS )
The magical part was that when Liverpool needed Anfield most - the crowd delivered . When Roma had Liverpool worried as Aleksandar Kolarov crashed a 30-yard shot against the crossbar and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain was stretchered off , Klopp 's men looked in danger .
That is when Klopp turned to the crowd , fist pumped and the volume was turned up to the maximum and Liverpool found their rhythm .
Of course it was Salah at the heart of it all . Salah absolutely destroyed Roma 's left sided centre half Juan Jesus , turned the Brazilian defender into a nervous wreck and ripped Roma apart .
( Image : REUTERS )
It started in the 35th minute , Liverpool 's energy and pressing won the ball in midfield and Mane and Roberto Firmino combined to get the ball to Salah who , with inch perfect precision , curled a wonderful shot into the top corner .
There was no turning back . Dejan Lovren crashed a header against the bar , Liverpool were rampant and then , in the 45th minute , Salah got his second .
Salah started the move , latched onto Firmino 's return pass and went clean through before lifting the ball over Roma keeper Alisson and into the empty net . Just like the first , Salah did not celebrate and instead just looked to the heavens .
Incredibly , it did not end there . Not satisfied with being goalscorer , Salah turned provider in the 55th minute as he raced down the right , put over a low cross and Mane had the easy task of a tap-in at the back post .
( Image : Clive Brunskill )
Salah destroyed Jesus again after 61 minutes and this time his cross set up Firmino who scored from close range .
Liverpool made it five after 68 minutes when James Milner 's corner found Firmino and the Brazil forward headed powerfully home .
Salah was eventually substituted after 75 minutes to give him a rest from producing footballing miracles . He went off to a standing ovation after an unforgettable night .
( Image : PA )
Edin Dzeko got one back for Roma after 81 minutes after Lovren misjudged Radja Nainggolan 's high ball and then the visitors got a second after 82 minutes after Milner 's handball . Up stepped Diego Perotti to fire home from the spot .
It was enough to give Roma hope and Liverpool doubt but surely , with Salah in their ranks , Klopp 's men can not blow it from here .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The latest instalment of The Avengers series is set to come out this week , and to celebrate a company has released a range of Avengers sex toys .
Geeky Sex Toys , the firm behind the sex toys , has named the range ‘ The Indulgers . '
The range includes seven sex toys that have been inspired by the main superheroes in the hit-series .
One of the most recognisable toys is a dildo shaped like Thor 's hammer , which has been named ‘ Möan-lnir ' .
( Image : geekysextoys.com )
( Image : geekysextoys.com )
And a rather terrifying green dildo dubbed ‘ The Incredible Dong ' has unsurprisingly been inspired by the Incredible Hulk .
The range also includes several butt plugs - the Captain America-inspired ‘ Captain Anal ' , and Iron Man -inspired ‘ Arse Reactor . '
But the range is n't cheap , and prices range from $ 55 ( £40 ) to $ 120 ( £86 ) .
( Image : geekysextoys.com )
( Image : geekysextoys.com )
This is n't the first time that Geeky Sex Toys has created devices with rather imaginative inspirations .
Other film-inspired options include a 'Pokemoan ' range , and Star Wars range - which contains a 'Darth Vibrator ' and light-up lightsaber dildo .
Bizarrely , there is also a Bitcoin range - we 'll let you use your imagination with that one .
Rick O'Brien has been on our staff since 1993 , primarily covering high school sports in Southeastern Pennsylvania . He focuses on football and boys ' basketball and baseball , with other events ( Penn Relays , regattas on the Schuylkill , etc . ) and some pro sports mixed in .
Donta Scott posted 27 points and nine rebounds as Imhotep Charter turned back Bethlehem Catholic , 65-60 , in Monday 's PIAA Class 4A semifinal .
READING , Pa. – Bernard Lightsey 's long-range marksmanship and late-game poise played a key role in Imhotep Charter 's latest playoff victory .
“ He was huge for us , ” Panthers coach Andre Noble said . “ When we were struggling , he made some big shots . ”
Lightsey drilled four three-pointers en route to 17 points as the Public League champions moved closer to a second straight PIAA Class 4A crown with a 65-60 defeat of District 11 's Bethlehem Catholic in a semifinal Monday night at the Geigle Complex .
The 6-foot , 185-pound senior guard netted 11 points , including three shots from behind the arc , in the first half . He went 3 for 4 from the line in the last 45 seconds to help clinch the victory .
After the Golden Hawks raced to a 14-1 advantage , Lightsey nailed two treys to ignite Imhotep 's 10-0 burst .
“ I just had to aggressive , ” he said . “ The team needed me to score for us to stay in the game . ”
At the start of the third quarter , Lightsey 's right-wing three-pointer put Imhotep ( 30-2 ) ahead by 36-24 . The second-year starter added two rebounds and an assist .
After being held scoreless in the opening 11 minutes , the Panthers ' Donta Scott , a 6-foot-7 junior wing , totaled 27 points , nine boards ( three on offense ) , four assists , and a blocked shot .
“ Donta Scott loves basketball , is a hard worker , wants his coaches to be happy , and always does the best he can , ” Noble said .
Scott missed his first five field-goal attempts . From there , the Division I recruit shot 11 for 16 from the floor ( 1 for 1 from downtown ) and 4 for 4 from the line .
Imhotep will take on District 10 titlist Sharon ( 27-2 ) for top honors at 8 p.m. Thursday at Hershey 's Giant Center .
Noble 's squad was ranked No . 7 in the country in USA Today 's most recent Super 25 .
“ We play a national schedule , hold each other accountable in practice and games , and find a way to overcome adversity , ” Lightsey said .
Imhotep is seeking its sixth state crown . Last year , with Scott contributing nine points and Lightsey seven , it hammered District 's 10 's Strong Vincent , 80-52 , to capture gold .
Bethlehem Catholic ( 28-4 ) mustered an 11-0 spurt in the third quarter to trim the Panthers ' advantage to one point , 44-43 . The Golden Hawks made it 50-50 on 6-8 junior Kyle Young 's two free throws with six minutes left in the contest .
The Panthers responded with a 9-4 run that began with Dahmir Bishop 's trey and was capped by reserve Jamil Riggins ' two free throws . Scott 's driving layup produced a four-point edge , 61-57 , with 2:18 to go .
Young paced Bethlehem Catholic with 14 points , 12 boards , and three blocks . His brother Ryan , a 6-foot-10 senior bound for Northwestern , managed 11 points and 10 boards .
Imhotep 's Elijah Taylor , a 6-8 sophomore , contributed nine boards and seven points .
“ He rumbles , plays hard , and makes things happen for us , ” Noble said .
Imhotep Charter 11 22 13 19 – 65
Bethlehem Catholic 15 9 19 17 – 60
IC : Donta Scott 27 , Bernard Lightsey 17 , Elijah Taylor 7 , Chereef Knox 4 , Dahmir Bishop 3 , Jamil Riggins 3 , Fatayn Wesley 2 , Marquise Greenwood 2 .
BC : DeAndre Gardner 14 , Scott Kuna 6 , Ryan Young 11 , Kyle Young 14 , Justin Paz 12 , Ryan Santana 1 , Julian Thomas 2 .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Seoul/Washington : North Korea ` s leader has delayed a decision on firing missiles towards the U.S. territory of Guam while he watches the actions of the United States a little longer , the North ` s state media said on Tuesday , as Washington warned it would take out any missile heading for the Pacific island .
Pyongyang ` s detailed plans to land four missiles near Guam prompted a surge in tensions in the region last week , with U.S. President Donald Trump warning he would unleash `` fire and fury '' on North Korea if it threatened the United States .
In his first public appearance in about two weeks , Kim Jong-un inspected the command of the North ` s army on Monday , examining the plan for a long time and discussing it with army officers , the official KCNA said in a report .
`` He said that if the Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions on the Korean peninsula and in its vicinity , testing the self-restraint of the DPRK , the latter will make an important decision as it already declared , '' the report said .
The DPRK stands for North Korea ` s official name , the Democratic People ` s Republic of Korea .
`` The United States , which was the first to bring numerous strategic nuclear equipment near us , should first make the right decision and show through actions if they wish to ease tensions on the Korean peninsula and prevent a dangerous military clash , '' Kim was cited as saying in the report by KCNA .
U.S. officials and South Korea ` s president in recent days have played down the risk of an imminent conflict while stressing their preparedness to respond militarily to any attack from North Korea .
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Monday the U.S. military would intercept a missile fired by North Korea if it was headed to Guam .
Mattis told reporters that the U.S. military would know the trajectory of a missile within moments and would `` take it out '' if it looked like it would hit the U.S. Pacific territory .
`` The bottom line is , we will defend the country from an attack ; for us ( U.S. military ) that is war , '' Mattis said .
For an interactive graphic on North Korea ` s missile capabilities click - http : //tmsnrt.rs/2t6WEPL
For a graphic on North Korean missile trajectories , ranges click -http : //tmsnrt.rs/2vLMdVm
SOUTH KOREA SAYS NO MORE WAR
Concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon has ratcheted up global concerns in recent months .
The European Union 's top diplomat , Federica Mogherini , said the EU would intensify its diplomatic efforts with North Korea , the United States , South Korea , China , Russia and Japan .
Mogherini called on North Korea `` to refrain from any further provocative action that can only increase regional and global tensions . ''
Tension on the Korean peninsula had eased slightly earlier on Monday as South Korea ` s president said resolving North Korea ` s nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully .
World stocks rose on Monday along with U.S. Treasury yields and the U.S. dollar as investors regained an appetite for riskier investments .
`` There must be no more war on the Korean peninsula . Whatever ups and downs we face , the North Korean nuclear situation must be resolved peacefully , '' President Moon Jae-in told a meeting with senior aides and advisers .
`` I am certain the United States will respond to the current situation calmly and responsibly in a stance that is equal to ours , '' he said .
Tuesday marks the anniversary of Japan ` s expulsion from the Korean peninsula , a rare holiday celebrated by both the North and the South . Moon and Kim are both expected to make addresses on their respective sides of the heavily militarised border .
The United States and South Korea remain technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce , not a peace treaty .
We like to have a lot of fun with Aria ( Lucy Hale ) . She is the littlest of all the little liars . She modeled a macabre style for a good portion of her early wardrobe that made it seem like she kept a menagerie of exotic birds exclusively to fashion into daily broaches and earrings . She called the bed tucked in the corner of her high school English teacher 's apartment `` sacred ground '' since that is where Ezra ( Ian Harding ) committed acts of ethical malfeasance and , at worst , borderline criminality by lying naked with his student . You know , fun .
But Aria sometimes got lost in her Aria-ness . While Spencer ( Troian Bellisario ) , Hanna ( Ashley Benson ) , and Emily ( Shay Mitchell ) all had long arcs of self-discovery with or without significant others , Aria has always been defined by her relationship to Ezra , whether or not she was actually with him . Threats from A were about exposing their clandestine relationship . Ezra is her constant and that has been to Aria 's detriment as a character .
Season 7B has n't been much different . The post-jump seasons have been defined by Aria getting reacquainted with Ezra after we missed the years of Aria being by herself . She went from rising star at a publishing house to a Rosewood return so she could be Ezra 's wife . A.D. held an unfiled police report over her to get her to join the A Team and , of course , that police report had everything to do with Ezra . It all comes back to that sweet , baby boy face .
As a seasoned viewer of Pretty Little Liars , you learn to pick up on Aria being Aria -- the little pockets of her behavior that have nothing to do with a reaction to who she 's sleeping with or what romantic drama entangles her . When she 's not being guided by her heart or by Spencer , she can be self-interested in a way the other Liars are n't . Whereas Hanna and Emily are quick to sacrifice themselves for other Liars , Aria is more of a survivalist and a bit of a wild card . She seems like the quickest to flip given any amount of pressure . If this were Winnie-the-Pooh , she 'd be Piglet on account of her being a Very Small Animal .
But then she also has this side to her that allows her to do terrible things without a second thought . She 'll lie like a rug . She can be vindictive and cruel . And , often , it seems like Aria is only looking out for number one . That 's not to say Aria is n't sweet and thoughtful and a whimsical suburban nymph at other times . But this is a dark timeline and Season 7B has shown a whole lot of Aria 's darkness .
Recall that after turning to the hoodie , A.D. asked Aria to do some horrible things and the show made no time to show us any amount of reticence or hesitation . She smashed Emily 's childhood mobile easily , ripped the heads off stuffed animals , and sprayed ( probably ) fake blood all over the nursery of one of her best friends . There was a moment after when she seemed like she cried alone on a sofa , but dang , Aria . You tore the heck out of that stuffed bear , did n't you though ?
`` Choose or Lose '' featured the reveal ( to the Liars ) that Aria had been working with A.D. to blow up their lives which puts her on the outs with just about everyone . And rightfully so . She is pretty much the vessel through which A.D. worked to break the already tenuous Hastings marriage . I mean , it was only a matter of time before Papa Hastings ended up sleeping with someone that vaguely resembled a Drake sister , but Aria certainly helped speed up the divorce process .
And then it started to get buck wild . A.D. has not only been her torturer but has also been the boss of her for the past few episodes and Aria unleashes on the disembodied voice , shouting curses and almost throwing the phone out the window . This is mostly a symbolic gesture since A.D. seems to have an supplier of endless burner phones and all the time in the world to hide those phones in discreet spots .
But A.D. pleads for her to not do it , to not dispose of her so quickly . It 's a quick reminder that A.D. mostly wants to play the game more than anything else and Aria cutting off contact ( essentially flipping the board ) is worse than any other outcome . A.D. gets Aria back with a very Burr-esque `` wait for it '' regarding tomorrow . If there 's a reason she 's still alive when everyone else is going down for murder , Aria feels compelled to wait for it .
Of course , that reason is that Aria is the easiest to manipulate . While Spencer was goaded into starting the game , she was also severely weakened over many episodes , including one where she was shot in the chest and her entire universe was wrecked with the Mary Drake reveal . Emily 's only real weakness is for wayward girls and , specifically , Alison ( Sasha Pieterse ) . I 'm convinced Hanna will boot anyone in the crotch for any reason . All it took for Aria to cave was anxiety .
And for all the help that Aria provided , A.D. insists that Aria `` won the game '' and gets the `` grand prize '' of `` unlimited freedom , '' a reward that , of course , by definition of coming from A.D. , comes with strings and an indelible taint . To be free because of A.D. , especially when all her other friends are still in jeopardy , is to be imprisoned . So after a series of doing things the Aria way , she decides she wants to do things the Hanna and Emily way : self-sacrifice .
This is the point in the episode where I need to point out that Aria 's phone explodes and she just lets it burn on the floor as she runs out to her car to turn herself in . I 'm not sure there 's more of an Aria thing in this world than running out to engage in some half-thought , hare-brained scheme only to let Rosewood burn down behind her because she forgot about the currently existing fire in front of her .
This is is also where it 's a little confusing because Dunhill 's decomposing body ( or maybe just a John Doe body ) is in the trunk of Aria 's car , so how does that contribute to A.D. 's insistence that Aria won and that she 's free ? Are we to assume that somehow an A Team member transported the mutilated body to Aria 's trunk while on the phone with her ? I do n't know why I 'm debating the logistics of what the A team is capable of or how true to her word A.D. is . It 's all basically magic .
And , of course , the last time we see her , Aria stands suspiciously in front of the trunk of her car while the police pull up behind her . She 's basically a sitcom character trying to `` act cool '' with her caught-in-headlights eyes and body posture that says , `` There 's definitely nothing in this trunk ! '' She 'll get out of this jam because of course she will . She tends to fail upwards in acts of deception as if there 's someone watching over her to protect her from any actual consequences .
That 's so Aria .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Chillies could help fight breast cancer after scientists revealed the spicy ingredient causes diseased cells to self destruct .
Capsaicin , the active component that gives chillies their trademark kick , can switch on specialised channels surrounding cancer cells causing them to die .
Other cancers including colon , bone and pancreatic could also be killed off by the compound .
However , capsaicin is n't effective if it 's eaten , inhaled or injected , and researchers think it will only be effective as a pill attached to another drug that targets cancer cells .
Scientists from Ruhr-University in Bochum , Germany , treated human samples of breast cancer cells with the hot ingredient to find out more about its ability to destroy them .
( Photo : Getty )
Dr Lea Weber , writing in the journal Breast Cancer - Targets and Therapy , said : `` Capsaicin is capable of inducing apoptosis ( cell death ) and inhibiting cancer cell growth in many different types of cancer , for example , osteosarcoma , colon , and pancreatic cancer cells , while normal cells remained unharmed . ''
When capsaicin reaches a cancer cell , the spicy ingredient attaches itself to the edge of the cell known as the cell membrane and switches on a cell receptor called TRPV1 .
The receptor TRPV1 is a channel that controls what substances such as calcium and sodium go in and out of the cancer cell .
When TRPV1 is switched on by capsaicin , the cancer cell is sent into overdrive and starts to self-destruct .
As more and more cancer cells die , the tumour is stopped from growing larger .
Dr Weber said : `` In this study , we aimed to identify the TRP channels in different breast cancer subtypes and to investigate the effect of TRPV1 ligand [ capsaicin ] on breast cancer progression .
`` To our knowledge , no studies have yet conducted a large-scale comparative study of the TRP channels expression profiles in breast cancer cell lines .
`` In our experiments , a significant reduction in cell proliferation after capsaicin stimulation was observed .
`` This finding was in accordance with the results of other scientists , who demonstrated a significant decrease in the cell growth rate of MCF-7 breast cancer cells upon capsaicin stimulation . ''
This study was carried out by scientists from the Ruhr-University in Bochum , Germany , the hospital Herz-Jesu-Krankenhaus Dernbach , Germany , and the Centre of Genomics in Cologne , Germany .
Stompers battle it out in the High School grand final of the WA Grape Stomping Championships .
Stompers battle it out in the High School grand final of the WA Grape Stomping Championships .
Perfect weather enticed a record crowd to the LiveLighter Harvey Harvest Festival on Sunday , when the event marked its 20th year .
Freeman of Shire John Sabourne opened the festival for a day of rides , games , food , live music and market stalls .
The event culminated in the WA Grape Stomping Championships grand finals .
Scarlett , 8 , Raden , 7 , and Ava Skelton , 5 , of Australind .
In the primary school section Bridget Sawyer and Olivia Corso took out the top prize while Sarah Oberthur and Jessica Gerbasi won the high school event .
In the open final , siblings Regan and Yana Guretti took the crown making 5.62kg of grape juice followed by brothers Sebastien and Zachary Mosca with 5.09kg in second and Rachel Andrijasevich and Nik Foster with 3.52kg in third .
David Tonks , of Pinjarra , tasting wines from Fifth Estate Winery owner Julie Moloney .
Freeman of the Shire John Sabourne , South West MLC Adele Farina , Murray Wellington MLA Robyn Clarke , Labour candidate for Forrest Anthony Marinovich , Regional Development Minister alannah MacTiernan and Harvey Mainstreet Committee chairman Joe Capogreco .
Festival volunteers Tyler Lord , 15 , Jordan Coughran , 15 , and Dominic Bragg , 14 , with some of the fresh Harvey produce available .
Leah and Tim Currey , of Eaton .
Alex Mullins , 3 , of Coolup tries the hose aided by Roelands/Olive Hills Bushfire Brigade volunteer Jeremy Gunson .
Georgia , 4 , and Kate Wood , 7 , of Donnybrook , pet a sheep in Old McDonald 's Farm .
Maria O'Halloran , of Rockingham , chats with Chief Toni Ralph and Chief Bill Prince of the Australian Navy .
Tony Bandera and Michael Barbaro perform Italian classics .
Ava , 8 , and Alex Fimmano , 4 , of Perth , on the Harvey Lions train .
Laraine and Hugh Harding , of Bunbury .
Trent Descriozilles , 5 , and Jordan Kimberly , 5 , of Binningup .
Heidi Blackburn and her daughter Olivia , 3 , and Lindzee-Kate Blackburn , all of Cookernup .
Roving entertainer Pirateman performering tricks .
Murray Wellington MLA Robyn Clarke stomps away with Anthony Marinovich in the heats of the WA Grapestomping Championships .
Bronwyn and Rodney Woodhouse , of Donnybrook , with their son Levi , 9 .
Abbie , 4 , and Luke Myles , 6 , of Harvey .
Kids race after the Monster Bubbles in the Kids Zone .
Kids race after the Monster Bubbles in the Kids Zone .
Headlining festival band Renegade .
WA Grape Stomping Championships 2018 Open winners siblings Regan and Yana Guretti .
Harvey Mainstreet Committee chairman Joe Capogreco and vicechairman David Marshall celebrate 20 years of the festival .
WA Grape Stomping Primary School champions Bridget Sawyer and Olivia Corso .
WA Grape Stomping Championships High School champions Sarah Oberthur and Jessica Gerbasi .
It 's difficult to square the Democratic hysteria supporting the suppression of the four-page Nunes memo with the document that was released yesterday . And it 's amazing how the Democrats ' media adjunct amplifies the Democrats ' line of the moment . All together now , they instantly adopt the party line and shriek in unison . Following Spinal Tap 's Nigel Tufnel , they are equipped to turn the volume up to 11 . The sound is deafening . It 's hard to hear yourself think .
Adam Schiff is the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee . We caught a glimpse of his approach in “ Motions full of Schiff ” and in “ Full of Schiff on Dem memo . ”
Eric Swalwell is Schiff 's faithful sidekick . Swalwell plays Robin to Schiff 's Batman . Last night on Fox News Tucker Carlson invited Swalwell to defend the Democrats ' pre-release hysteria against the document we now hold in our hands .
“ So Congressman , ” Carlson asked , “ many Democrats including leaders , including Pelosi and Schiff to name two , said the release would jeopardize American national security . That turned out to be a lie , provably , because there was nothing in this that was classified . There was no obvious reason it was classified in the first place . So , why would they tell us that when they knew it was n't true ? ”
Swalwell responds in McCarthyite style . According to Swalwell , Carlson himself is damaging national security , hurting the country , and “ refus [ ing ] to acknowledge that the rule of law has been run over. ” We can quibble on that last point , but what we have here is another case of Democratic projection .
Via Jeff Poor/Breitbart .
Comal Next Door hits all the right notes
Photo : Michael Bauer / The Chronicle Image 1 of / 6 Caption Close Image 1 of 6 Comal Next Doors has about 20 seats indoor , and a few more on the patio . Comal Next Door has about 20 seats indoor , and a few more on the patio . Photo : Michael Bauer / The Chronicle Image 2 of 6 Tacos come with two tortillas and enough filling that it can easily be split . Tacos come with two tortillas and enough filling that it can easily be split . Photo : Michael Bauer / The Chronicle Image 3 of 6 Burritos are generous and contain loads of meat and beans and a little rice . Burritos are generous and contain loads of meat and beans and a little rice . Photo : Michael Bauer / The Chronicle . Image 4 of 6 Frozen margaritas and beer are the only alcoholic offerings , shown here with guacamole and a bag of chips . Frozen margaritas and beer are the only alcoholic offerings , shown here with guacamole and a bag of chips . Photo : Michael Bauer / The Chronicle . Image 5 of 6 Comal Next Doors is exactly that : a stylized taqueria that sits next door to its larger sister , Comal , in Berkeley . Comal Next Door is exactly that : a stylized taqueria that sits next door to its larger sister , Comal , in Berkeley . Photo : Michael Bauer / The Chronicle Image 6 of 6 The menu board featuring burritos , tortas and tacos at Comal Next Door . The menu board featuring burritos , tortas and tacos at Comal Next Door . Photo : Michael Bauer / The Chronicle Comal Next Door hits all the right notes 1 / 6 Back to Gallery
From the day it opened more than six years ago , Comal , the impressive Mexican restaurant in Berkeley , has been packed .
Still , it seemed unusual when the owners announced they were taking over the adjacent storefront to create Comal Next Door because it could cannibalize their other business . The new space is designed to be more casual , where diners line up at the counter to order burritos , tacos and tortas , items that are n't on the menu at Comal , or are different than what 's offered there .
Most items are priced between $ 9 and $ 12 ; the tacos are $ 3 to $ 3.75 . Each order comes with two soft tortillas and a large mound of filling , so it 's easy to divide it and make two , making it feel even more substantial .
The quality that has defined Comal easily makes the move next door . Chef Matt Gandin oversees both . On my weekend visit , I saw him check into the Next Door kitchen before taking his place expediting at Comal .
Photo : Michael Bauer / The Chronicle Beef barbacoa taco .
The barbacoa taco ( $ 3.50 ) , for example , has a rich meaty sauce accented with onions and cilantro and a side of pickled carrots and jalapeños . The menu also offers carnitas , achiote grilled chicken , pork al pastor and a vegetarian filling of corn , zucchini and poblano chiles .
The eight burritos , which are fully realized rather than being in the build-your-own style , are still a belly bomb with a little rice and generous amounts of meat and beans . The carnitas ( $ 10 ) are as good as you 'll get next door , although the intensity of the meat wanes with the addition of rice .
Other fillings include chile relleno , house-made chorizo with potato and egg , and the same offerings as on the tacos . Any of these can be made into a gluten-free bowl with crisp lettuce replacing the tortillas .
The restaurant has a full liquor license but features only beer and frozen margaritas . The first sip seemed too sweet , but when paired with the spicy jalapeño rings on the fried chicken torta ( $ 12 ) , it became a refreshing counterpoint .
Photo : Michael Bauer / The Chronicle Fried chicken torta , topped with slaw , is big enough for two .
The sandwiches , including beef and pork meatball tortas , are as big as a double fist ; for many appetites half will be plenty , especially if you begin with the salty guacamole ( $ 3 ) and the always excellent chips and salsas ( $ 3 ) .
Both restaurants seem to be finding their following . On a recent Sunday , Comal was packed as usual , while at Next Door most guests appeared to be college students who order one item and go on their way .
The restaurant also offers take-out and delivery , and it 's near a BART stop so it will no doubt attract people who want a quick bite before heading home .
Photo : Michael Bauer / The Chronicle . All burritos are available as a bowl ( this one is achiote grilled ...
The restaurant is also open for lunch ( Comal does n't open until 5:30 p.m. ) . Most of the space is occupied by the kitchen — there 's about 20 seats inside and more on the cordoned-off sidewalk on Shattuck — so Gandin and his crew can expand the catering operation , which had been stalled by the too-small kitchen at Comal .
2024 Shattuck Ave. , Berkeley ; 510-422-6625. https : //comalnextdoor.com . Open 11:30 a.m.-9 p.m. Sunday-Thursday and until 10 p.m. Friday-Saturday .
Thousands of sign-waving , chanting protesters marched through streets across America demanding that President Donald Trump release his tax returns so the public can examine his business ties and determine whether he has links to foreign powers .
The tax day protests in more than a dozen cities on April 15 were largely peaceful , though occasionally demonstrators and some pro-Trump groups taunted each other in face-to-face exchanges .
In Berkeley , California , police arrested at least 20 people after fist fighting erupted at separate unrelated rallies at a park where about 200 people for or against Trump gathered . Officers confiscated knives and makeshift weapons .
The demonstrations came just days before Tuesday 's deadline for taxpayers to file their returns . Trump was the first major-party nominee in more than 40 years not to release his tax returns , saying it was because he was under audit . He later said that voters do n't care .
But 71-year-old Ilene Singh said he 's wrong . She rode a bus from New Jersey to New York City with her friend Geraldine Markowitz , 83 , to take part in protests . “ We 're here to say we care , ” said Singh .
Pushing her walker , Karin Arlin , 85 , a Holocaust survivor who came to the U.S. from Germany when she was 9 , said she 's also worried about the direction of the country .
“ You do n't know which way the country goes , ” said Arlin next to her 89-year-old husband who fled Czechoslovakia during World War II . “ I hope Republicans see it . ”
Protesters in Raleigh , North Carolina , said they suspect that Trump 's returns might show he has paid little or nothing to the government he now heads , or that he was indebted to Russian , Chinese or other foreign interests .
“ His reputation … as a businessman and , more importantly , as a true American , a person who is concerned with American values , would be totally destroyed if all his financial information was made public , ” said Mike Mannshardt , a retired teacher .
One of Trump 's sharpest critics in the House spoke to protesters at the U.S. Capitol just before they set off on a march to the National Mall in Washington , D.C. Democratic Rep. Maxine Waters , of California , said there 's nothing to prevent Trump from releasing his income taxes and that “ the simple truth is he 's got a lot to hide . ”
“ If he thinks he can get away with playing king , he 's got another thought coming , ” Waters said .
Nancy Traver , of Silver Spring , Maryland , who was at the Washington march said , “ Every president , Democratic and Republican for years has showed , has revealed his tax returns , so why should n't Trump ? ”
For four decades , presidents and major party nominees have released some of their tax returns , with the exception of Gerald Ford . Trump 's break with precedent has raised questions about possible conflicts of interest .
Democrats are pushing for a vote on a bill from Rep. Anna Eshoo , a Democrat from California , which would require the president and all major-party nominees to publicly disclose their previous three years of tax returns with the Office of Government Ethics or the Federal Election Commission .
Republicans also have rebuffed Democrats ' efforts to get the House Ways and Means Committee to act . It has legal authority to obtain confidential tax records , and could vote to make them public .
Many demonstrators said they hoped Saturday 's marches would convince Trump to voluntarily release them .
“ We do care . We want to see his taxes , ” said Ann Demerlis , who was among hundreds who marched in Philadelphia from City Hall to an area in front of historic Independence Hall , carrying signs and chanting “ We want your taxes now ! ”
How pubs should be serving their beer
BBC 'S MY FAMILY SEEMS A LONG TIME AGO NOW
Lee Mack takes a dig at Dermot O'Leary on The Nig
The first Doctor Who returns ...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Broadchurch finally revealed who raped Trish Winterman in its final episode last night .
Viewers of the ITV drama found out Leo had forced Clive Lucas ' son , Michael , to commit the fictional assault .
But , before the secret was revealed , This Morning asked two real-life detectives Sue Hill and Lisa Cutts to put who they thought the rapist was inside a sealed envelope .
Their answers were then revealed on today 's episode of This Morning by Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford .
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : Kudos/Imaginary Friends/Sister Pictures/ITV )
( Photo : ITV )
One of the detectives said it would be two people , but thought it was Jim Attwood and Clive Lucas .
The other said Leo - so she was half-right .
She was very pleased with her accuracy , having spent 33 years as a detective .
But , as Ruth asked whether the case was reflective of reality , they both agreed David Tennant and Olivia Colman 's characters would be too high up in the company to actually be solving the case .
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : ITV )
( Photo : ITV )
One said : `` They 're not the best people because they 're the managers of what 's actually going on .
`` It 's one of those , you sit back in your sofa and question , it 's a good whodunnit , but how many suspects can you have in one small place ? ''
Sue added : `` They handled it very sensitively with Trish . They handled it very well . ''
* This Morning continues on ITV1 weekdays at 10.30am
INTRUST BANK ARENA , Wichita , Kan.— A member of the Marine team , and Air Force team chase after a puck during an inter-service exhibition hockey game , February 11 , 2017 . The Air Force team won 9 to 4 . ( U.S. Army photo by Sgt . Debrah Sanders , 366th MPAD )
IMAGE INFO Date Taken : 02.11.2017 Date Posted : 02.14.2017 22:51 Photo ID : 3165545 VIRIN : 170211-A-QR450-002 Resolution : 1800x1200 Size : 141.32 KB Location : WICHITA , KS , US Web Views : 0 Downloads : 0 Podcast Hits : 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work , Exhibition hockey brings servicemembers together [ Image 1 of 5 ] , by SGT Debrah Sanders , identified by DVIDS , is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A woman has caused outrage after she filmed herself urinating on the Koran before burning it and declaring war on Muslim `` parasites '' .
The unidentified woman is seen in the clip standing in front of the Slovak national flag with the Muslim holy book which she insults , urinates on and then sets alight .
The dark-haired protester made the clip in a forest in Slovakia and can be seen tearing out pages before pulling down her trousers and weeing on the book .
She then pours petrol over the pages and cover before setting it alight .
( Photo : Youtube/Activiton User )
Along with the physical attack on the book , the woman also makes threats to the Muslims in `` her country '' .
Speaking to the camera she calls Muslims `` parasites '' and says : `` I will hunt you all step by step . No matter if it is a woman , child or man . I will bump off anybody who will be in my way .
`` I do not care about the criminal complaints . It will not stop me . I have a message for everybody , including the police - nobody will stop me . ''
( Photo : Youtube/Activiton User )
Police have since confirmed numerous complaints were made to them about the shocking video , and it is believed they are investigating the case .
It is reported that she has fled to Finland .
Slovak criminal law expert Lucia Kurilovska said the video is `` extremist '' itself , the very thing the woman is claiming to be against .
By Ted Nuyten
At the end of November and during the first days of December in Malaysia and Thailand , more than 10,000 people coming from all over the world gathered for a spectacular series of related events .
Thousands of people attended this annual event , held this time at the Siam Niramit Theater . The staging was taken care of in detail to ensure a unique experience to all those who had arrived from different countries in Asia and the rest of the world to participate .
With Natchaphan Sonsirinum , Staffan Liback and Simon Le as main conductors of the event , and with speakers such as Chris Principe , Konstantin Ignatov , the brother of Dr. Ruja Ignatova , Sebastian Greenwood , Frank Ricketts , and the current numbers 1 in the Top earner ranking , Igor E. Alberts and Andreea Cimbala .
That stunning week kicked off with the celebration of the One event . A global event , especially designed this year to highlight the unity of a community that extends to almost every country in the world .
The main theme of the One event was precisely that : the diversity of a global community that , even so , felt as united as one , as only ONE .
Fernando Rys , from the Hong Kong office , was the master of ceremonies , paying special attention to the people of the audience , who were the true stars of the event , and to the wealth of the places represented by all those people .
The event also included presentations and information from invited speakers : Mark and Miki Nishiyama from Japan , Dr. Parwiz Daud from the UK , Simon Le from Vietnam , Henrique Machado from Portugal , Daniel Singh from Thailand , Michi Chua from Malaysia , the Global Master Distributor Sebastian Greenwood and as special guest , the editor of Financial IT and Finfuture magazines , Chris Principe .
The energy and enthusiasm were palpable , both on the part of the speakers and the audience , who were really happy to be part of that recognition , which was not only to the leaders of higher ranks , but to each and every one , with more or less income , who makes up the One Family .
The One event was also accompanied by a training session featured by Igor E. Alberts and Andreea Cimbala , who presented their Success4All system , a unique opportunity to learn the secrets of a team that is conquering the industry .
OneLife Convention
At the same time as this event , on a beautiful Thai island called Koh Chang , several Blue Diamonds and higher ranks belonging to the OneDreamTeam had gathered for their annual retreat .
Led by Staffan Liback , OneDreamTeam is probably the most numerous network marketing team in the world . And this was the third year on end that this small Thailand vacation was organized to reward the leaders with the best results in the team .
These vacations are already a tradition , but it did n't make the picturesque landscapes of the Koh Chang paradise less impressive , especially for those leaders who took part for the first time in this spectacular trip . The beaches of Thailand are already a gift , but it was not all that this retreat had to offer . The complete experience consisted of activities , typical local shows and group training sessions that also reinforced the unity of the team and boosted the motivation of the leaders for another year of intense work .
Thailand also became the stage for the rest of events that would be chained on the following days and that would conclude on Saturday , December 2 , with the celebration of Mastermind .
OneLife Leadership
This sequence of events began with DealShaker Expo 2017 , a fair focused on the online e-commerce platform where different goods and services can be paid in the ONE cryptocurrency that the company promotes . DealShaker has become one of OneLife 's most discussed products this year , and during the event we saw leaders like Cristi Calina and Marian Grigore from Romania , Ana Flavia Bittencourt from Brasil , Luca Miatton and Marco Vassanelli from Italy . All of them have become experts in the use and promotion of this platform and explained its possibilities and advantages . Some of the leaders mentioned even have several businesses that offer services and receive payments in ONEs .
Luca Miatton , who we interviewed a few months ago about this tool , is actually the owner of several restaurants where you can pay with the cryptocurrency .
This event was followed by a day full of training . It has become another of the company 's traditions to organize large workshops and sessions focused on the training and preparation of its sales forces . For a company that carries education as a flag , it 's just a matter of principles .
The training was not only about techniques , but also personal development , finance , technology… And some statistical data of the company was also revealed : this year , the OneLife Network generated the turnover of more than 206 billion . A figure is far from being a simple fact , but proof of the power of the teams , which moved many of the attendees .
And finally , the icing on the cake : Mastermind .
Mastermind is presented as an event that marks stages and puts the cards on the table about what is expected of the company and its leaders in the following months . And this edition , three things in particular stood out : a new appointment in the network – Frank Ricketts as the Global Network Consultant , – the preparation of the teams for the new stage and a new focus of the company and its services once the ONE coin goes public , and the recognition of ranks . It was notable that the number of recognized leaders in the so-called Elite Diamond division had increased amazingly .
One of the most special moments of this event was the recognition of a new Crown Diamond : Peter Shaw from Ireland . This is the highest rank of the company , held only two networkers at the moment .
Speaking again about Elite Diamons , almost at the end of the event , a video was shown about the reward retreat in Koh Chang , making a call to all present : “ next year we are waiting for you there. ” A call to keep evolving and keep improving , together with the company that will also continue to evolve and transform , offering technological , educational and innovative products , once the currency becomes completely independent of its services .
The important thing , they insist , is that together they are able to develop any project they put their minds to .
Source : : https : //www.businessforhome.org/2017/12/onelife-bangkok-convention-attracts-10000-participants/
CLOSE A quick behind the scenes look at the Philadelphia Eagles press gathering Wednesday , Jan. 31 , 2017 . Jerry Habraken / The News Journal
We 'll give you one free answer . Pink is scheduled to perform the national anthem at Sunday 's Super Bowl . ( Photo : Kevin Winter/Getty Images )
Sunday 's game will be the 52nd Super Bowl , but the Eagles have gone this far only twice before . The first was on Jan. 25 , 1981 , and the second was on Feb. 6 , 2005 . And both times … let 's just say it did n't go the way Eagles fans would have preferred .
How much do you recall about those two games ? Brush up on your football history – and learn a little about this year 's game – by taking our Eagles-centric Super Bowl quiz .
Here we go :
1 . Where was the Eagles ' first Super Bowl played ?
2 . Where was the Eagles ' second Super Bowl played ?
3 . Sunday 's game is Super Bowl LII . What were the Roman numerals for the Eagles ' first two Super Bowls ?
4. Who was the opponent and what was the final score of the Eagles ' first Super Bowl loss ?
5. Who was the opponent and what was the final score of the Eagles ' second Super Bowl loss ?
6. Who sang the national anthem at the Eagles ' first Super Bowl ?
7. Who performed the national anthem at the Eagles ' second Super Bowl ?
8. Who is scheduled to sing the national anthem at Sunday 's Super Bowl ?
9. Who is the only player to kick a field goal for the Eagles in a Super Bowl ?
10 . Name the only current member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame to play for the Eagles in their first Super Bowl .
11. Who were the opponents and what were the final scores of the Eagles ' two playoff games leading to their first Super Bowl ?
12 . What was the Eagles ' regular-season record during their first Super Bowl season ?
13 . Name the owner , head coach and general manager of the Eagles ' first Super Bowl team .
14 . Name the Oakland linebacker who intercepted Eagles quarterback Ron Jaworski three times in Super Bowl XV .
15. Who was the MVP of Super Bowl XV ?
16 . Which U.S. president was inaugurated five days before the Eagles ' first Super Bowl ?
17 . Name the four players who have scored a touchdown for the Eagles in a Super Bowl .
Terrell Owens had a great game for the Eagles in Super Bowl XXXIX . But did he score a touchdown ? ( Photo : AMY SANCETTA , AP )
18. Who won the only other Super Bowl played in Minneapolis ?
19. Who was the first wild-card team to win a Super Bowl ?
20. Who performed the halftime show at the Eagles ' first Super Bowl ?
21. Who performed the halftime show at the Eagles ' second Super Bowl ?
22. Who is scheduled to perform the halftime show at Sunday 's Super Bowl ?
23 . Eagles quarterback Nick Foles started only three regular-season games this season . Name the only two Super Bowl starting quarterbacks who started fewer regular-season games for their teams .
24 . What is the Eagles ' record against the point spread in Super Bowls ?
25 . Name the current Arizona State head coach who played defensive back for the Eagles in their first Super Bowl .
26 . Which Oakland receiver caught two touchdown passes against the Eagles in Super Bowl XV ?
27 . Ron Jaworski was the starting quarterback in the Eagles ' first Super Bowl . Who was his backup ?
28 . What was the No . 1 song on the Billboard Hot 100 chart during the week of the Eagles ' first Super Bowl ?
29. Who caught the only touchdown pass that gave the Eagles a lead in a Super Bowl ?
30 . How many touchdown passes did Donovan McNabb throw in Super Bowl XXXIX ?
31. Who was the MVP of the Eagles ' second Super Bowl ?
32 . What was the score going into the fourth quarter of the Eagles ' second Super Bowl ?
33 . What was the Eagles ' regular-season record during their second Super Bowl season ?
34. Who were the opponents and what were the final scores of the Eagles ' two playoff games leading to their second Super Bowl ?
35 . What is the New England Patriots ' record in Super Bowls ?
36 . Name the tight end signed by the Eagles to a one-game contract for Super Bowl XXXIX .
37. Who was the Eagles ' leading receiver in their second Super Bowl ?
38 . Have the Eagles ever scored a rushing touchdown in a Super Bowl ?
Brian Westbrook was one of the Eagles ' greatest running backs of all time . But has he - or any other Eagle - ever rushed for a touchdown in the Super Bowl ? ( Photo : David J. Phillip/AP )
39 . What was the No . 1 song on the Billboard Hot 100 chart during the week of the Eagles ' second Super Bowl ?
40 . In Super Bowl XXXIX , New England receiver Deion Branch became the third offensive player to be named Super Bowl MVP without scoring a touchdown or throwing a touchdown pass . Who were the first two MVPs to do it ?
41. Who scored the touchdown that put New England ahead for good in the Eagles ' second Super Bowl ?
42 . What was the Eagles ' regular-season record this season ?
43. Who were the opponents and what were the final scores of the Eagles ' two playoff games leading to this year 's Super Bowl ?
44. Who is the only player who played in Super Bowl XXXIX who is also expected to play in Super Bowl LII ?
45 . Name the head coaches of the Eagles ' three Super Bowl teams in order , from earliest to latest .
46 . Name the two current Eagles players who played for the Patriots in last year 's Super Bowl .
47 . Where are the Eagles practicing in Minneapolis leading up to Sunday 's Super Bowl ?
48 . Which Eagles receiver was targeted the most times during the 2017 regular season ?
49. Who will be the designated home team for Super Bowl LII ?
50 . What is the No . 1 song on the Billboard Hot 100 chart this week ?
The answers
1 . Louisiana Superdome , New Orleans .
2 . Alltel Stadium , Jacksonville .
3 . Super Bowl XV ( 15 ) and Super Bowl XXXIX ( 39 ) .
4 . Oakland Raiders 27 , Eagles 10 .
5 . New England Patriots 24 , Eagles 21 .
6 . Helen O'Connell .
7 . The combined choirs of the U.S. Military Academy , U.S . Naval Academy , U.S. Air Force Academy and U.S. Coast Guard Academy and the U.S. Army Herald Trumpets .
8 . Pink .
9 . Tony Franklin .
10 . Claude Humphrey .
11 . Minnesota Vikings ( 31-16 ) and Dallas Cowboys ( 20-7 ) .
12 . 12-4 .
13 . Owner Leonard Tose , head coach Dick Vermeil , general manager Jim Murray .
14 . Rod Martin .
15 . Oakland quarterback Jim Plunkett .
16 . Ronald Reagan .
17 . Keith Krepfle , L.J . Smith , Brian Westbrook and Greg Lewis .
18 . The Washington Redskins defeated the Buffalo Bills 37-24 in Super Bowl XXVI on Jan. 26 , 1992 , at the Metrodome in Minneapolis .
19 . The Oakland Raiders , when they defeated the Eagles in Super Bowl XV .
20 . Jim Skinner Productions presents “ Mardi Gras Festival . ”
21 . Paul McCartney .
22 . Justin Timberlake .
23 . Both Doug Williams ( 1987 Washington Redskins ) and Jeff Hostetler ( 1990 New York Giants ) started only two regular-season games . Both led their teams to Super Bowl victories .
24 . 1-1 . The Eagles lost 27-10 as a three-point favorite in Super Bowl XV , and lost 24-21 as a seven-point underdog in Super Bowl XXXIX .
25 . Herm Edwards .
26 . Cliff Branch .
27 . Joe Pisarcik .
28 . “ ( Just Like ) Starting Over ” by John Lennon .
29 . L.J . Smith caught a 6-yard touchdown pass from Donovan McNabb to give the Eagles a 7-0 lead in the first quarter of Super Bowl XXXIX .
30 . Three .
31 . New England receiver Deion Branch .
32 . 14-14 .
33 . 13-3 . The Eagles won 13 of their first 14 games , then lost their last two while resting most of their starters after clinching the No . 1 seed in the NFC playoffs .
34 . Minnesota Vikings ( 27-14 ) and Atlanta Falcons ( 27-10 ) .
35 . 5-4 . On Sunday , the Patriots will become the first NFL franchise to play in 10 Super Bowls .
36 . Jeff Thomason .
37 . Terrell Owens , with nine catches for 122 yards .
38 . No .
39 . “ Let Me Love You ” by Mario .
40 . New York Jets quarterback Joe Namath in Super Bowl III , and Oakland Raiders receiver Fred Biletnikoff in Super Bowl XI .
41 . Running back Corey Dillon 's 2-yard run gave New England a 21-14 lead with 13:44 left in the game .
42 . 13-3 .
43 . Atlanta Falcons ( 15-10 ) and Minnesota Vikings ( 38-7 ) .
44 . New England quarterback Tom Brady .
45 . Dick Vermeil , Andy Reid and Doug Pederson .
46 . Running back LeGarrette Blount and defensive lineman Chris Long .
47 . University of Minnesota .
48 . Alshon Jeffrey led the Eagles with 120 targets during the regular season , but was third behind Zach Ertz ( 74 ) and Nelson Agholor ( 62 ) with 57 receptions .
49 . New England .
50 . “ God 's Plan ” by Drake .
Contact Brad Myers at bmyers @ delawareonline.com . Follow-on Twitter : @ BradMyersTNJ
Frozen eyelashes and broken thermometers . This is what winter in Russia looks like this year with the country experiencing record lows.In the Siberian region of Yakutia , home to nearly one million people , brutal winters are a normal part of life.But even there , the temperatures are unusual this year going as low as minus 67 Celsius.In January , it came close to Russia 's coldest temperatures ever and even broke some thermometers.Researchers say that one of the reasons for such a cold winter is the moving of cyclones.TRT World 's Lucy Taylor reports on how some people in Russia are dealing with record lows .
For the first time in two years online streaming giant , Netflix , has raised its monthly subscription prices for UK customers .
The monthly cost of a basic will remain at £5.99 , however , standard and premium membership prices are set to rise .
Standard membership will jump from £7.49 to £7.99 a month , and Premium membership set to rise from £8.99 to £9.99 for users .
New subscribers to Netflix will immediately pay the new rates whereas existing customers will see price increases from 19 October and be given 30 days notice of the change
New content for 2018
The online streaming service , which currently has 104 million subscribers globally , will also be raising rates for the US , France and Germany this year .
Netflix have released a statement regarding the price hikes :
“ From time to time , Netflix plans and pricing are adjusted as we add more exclusive TV shows and movies , introduce new product features and improve the overall Netflix experience to help members find something great to watch even faster . ”
Netflix is set to provide more original content in 2018 and already has a budget of $ 6 billion for new productions .
The new money generated from the subscription price rises is expected to contribute towards the production of new original content .
Thought Fifty Shades Darker could n't get any more disturbing ? Someone just found a cucumber in the cinema after a screening .
Yes , apparently Fifty Shades of Grey fan needed the phallic-shaped vegetable to watch Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson steam up the screen in the sequel this week in Sydney , Australia but , decided to leave it behind after the movie finished .
A picture of the large cucumber was posted to the Facebook page of the Hayden Orpheum on Monday night after it was discovered by staff clearing up after the screening .
They captioned their suggestive picture : “ That awkward moment when you find a cucumber in the cinema after a Fifty Shades session… ”
Speaking to Mashable Alex Temesvari , the cinema 's Deputy General Manager , said it was found after a student night at the theatre .
“ Hand on my heart , it was actually found after our Student Night session of Fifty Shades on Monday night ( actually by me ! ) , ” he explained .
Denying it was a marketing strategy , he added : “ Otherwise I would totally take credit for it being a clever marketing ploy , but honestly we 're not THAT clever . ”
While people were creeped out by the cucumber , they were even more disturbed by Alex 's willingness to handle it with his bare hands .
WHY WOULD YOU PICK IT UP ?
After horrified comments popped up on Facebook , Alex insisted that it had been “ dark ” and he did n't know what he was handling at first and that he “ instantly ” regretted it .
We 've all heard that one before ..
Fifty Shades Darker is the second in the E.L. James trilogy starring Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan and was released across the world right in times for Valentine 's Day .
Like the first film , the sequel has been trounced by critics , but it seems to have gone down well with audiences in Sydney .
Posted 21 hours ago
Kabete Parliamentary Aspirant Charles Chege has been admitted at the Aga Khan Hospital . Chege who claims he was kidnapped on Friday , was found this
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document .
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document .
.videoWrapper { position : relative ; padding-bottom : 56.25 % ; padding-top : 25px ; height : 0 ; } .videoWrapper iframe { position : absolute ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
NEW LONDON MUNICIPAL UTILITIES – AGENDA FOR BOARD OF TRUSTEES
JUNE 1ST , 2018 – FRIDAY AFTERNOON – 1:00 P.M. – CITY OFFICE
1 . CALL TO ORDER REGULAR MEETING Chairman Jerry Wilhelm
2 . ROLL CALL Sid Schmitt , Steve Rotter , Jodi Jackson , Shanon Wellington & Jerry Wilhelm
3 . APPROVAL OF AGENDA
4 . OPEN FORUM
5 . APPROVAL OF CONSENT AGENDA
a . Approve minutes of the previous meeting ( 1-7 )
b . Accept Treasurer 's report ( 8-15 )
c. Approve payment of claims ( handout )
d. Approve Tom Pry to attend Handling Conflict , May 15 , 2018 in West Burlington ( 16 )
6 . OLD BUSINESS
a . Discuss and take action on a installing a drive-up drop box for utility payments ( 17-18 )
b . Approve resolution # 108 adopting wages effective July 1 , 2018 ( 19-21 )
7 . NEW BUSINESS
a . Discuss and take action on reimbursing foreman for personal cell phone use and/or selling current phone
b . Appoint 2 trustees to review the employee handbook with City Council , Library Board and Attorney .
c. Discuss overtime policy in employee handbook . ( 22 )
d. Approve resolution # 109 adopting employee spending limits . ( 23 )
e. Utility Meeting , Friday , July 6th , 2018 at 1:00 p.m .
8 . REPORTS
a. Foreman 's Report – Tom Pry ( handout , 24-27 )
b . Council Minutes ( 28-35 )
9 . ADJOURNMENT
Collingwood 's Sarah D'Arcy is set to come under fire after an ugly kicking incident in the AFLW opener . Video : Twitter / Seven
Collingwood 's Sarah D'Arcy is set to come under fire after an ugly kicking incident in the AFLW opener . Video : Twitter / Seven
AFLW kick in the groin : “ It hurt ... I 'm just glad I 'm not a boy. ” The West Australian
The AFL 's new match review panel officer has his first task .
And it involves a controversial incident in which a Collingwood player appears to kick a Carlton rival in the groin region .
Michael Christian - who was appointed as the league 's sole adjudicator on all offences in December - will have his first day on the job on Monday when he will assess all incidents that arise from the first weekend of AFL Women 's .
Last night 's clash between Carlton and Collingwood saw the first report of the season with Pie Sarah D'Arcy booked for kicking Blue Sarah Hosking in the groin as she made her way up off the ground .
Hosking was awarded a free kick in the incident and later admitted it had “ hurt ” .
“ You do n't want that sort of stuff to happen , ” she said .
“ We 'll leave it up to the umpires and the match review to deal with that .
“ As long as I can get back up and continue playing then I 'll keep going for it and they can deal with that . ”
Hosking , 22 , was sent to the ground by the kick and was visibly in pain before raising to take her free kick
“ Yeah it hurt - I 'm not going to lie , ” she said on Channel 7 .
“ I 'm just glad I 'm not a boy , that 's for sure .
“ I 'm sure I 'll have a little bit of a bruise later . ”
The tribunal system includes categories for contact to the groin .
Carlton took on Collingwood in round 1 . The West Australian Carlton took on Collingwood in round 1 .
The incident was one of the main talking points from the AFLW opener , which saw Carlton hold on to defeat an inaccurate and wasteful Collingwood at Ikon Park .
The Magpies got off to a fast start and dominated possession for the majority of the match but did n't have the polish up forward to capitalise on the scoreboard .
Boom recruit Tayla Harris was a standout for the Blues , taking two big contested marks and providing a focal point up forward , while fellow recruit Nicola Stevens was also prolific .
For the Magpies , draftee Chloe Molloy was impressive on debut playing down back despite being the equal leading goalkicker in the VFLW last year .
It 's not often that a concept which is completely new emerges in the field of laptops , but a freshly-granted Google patent points to an idea which certainly has n't been seen before – a notebook with a motorized lid which opens itself .
Your initial reaction is probably much the same as ours : is this just a rather gimmicky feature , or an accessibility feature that will only be of interest to people who find it difficult to lift the laptop lid when firing up their portable up ?
But , looking beyond that initial reaction and digging deeper into the patent , this is actually a rather nifty idea which could change the whole way we interact with our laptops – or rather , the way our notebooks interact with us .
On a basic level , there 's something quite cool about a laptop which opens itself , of course . Google 's vision is for a ‘ motorized hinge structure ' capable of both opening and closing the laptop lid , triggered by a touch-sensitive area on the surface of the lid . You just tap to open .
But it has more potential , as the patent ( spotted by Patently Mobile ) also describes sensors which detect where the user is in relation to the notebook . It also covers the possibility of having an image sensor ( complete with facial recognition login capabilities ) which can detect the user 's face and “ continuously adjust the angle and position of the lid to keep the face in the field of view of the camera and/or keep the lid in the optimum viewing position ” .
The last point is particularly interesting , with this potentially being a notebook that could adjust the display to maintain the best viewing angle for wherever the user happens to be ( whether they lean back or forwards , and so forth ) .
Locking lid
The patent also discusses an alternative to touching the laptop lid to open it , namely the use of automatic detection of the user being in proximity to the machine triggering it opening and/or unlocking .
Similarly , when the user leaves the laptop , it could automatically close and/or lock . That would be a pretty major boon on the security front , particularly for forgetful types who may be prone to leaving their open notebook unattended .
The main potential downside here would be the fact that this is something else that could go wrong with your machine , and another point of potential mechanical failure – probably quite a substantial one by the sounds of things .
Of course , all this may come to nothing and it 's just a patent ( originally filed at the end of 2013 ) , but then again the next Pixelbook from Google ( or a model further out in the future ) could sport this motorized lid and the aforementioned tricks to boot .
Via : Engadget
BANGKOK ( AP ) — A Thai court of appeals has dismissed criminal defamation charges against a British labor rights activist who was sued by a fruit packaging company after he alleged human rights violations at its factory .
Andy Hall 's protracted legal battle stemmed from a 2013 report he researched for Finnish consumer organization Finnwatch that alleged labor abuses at Natural Fruit 's pineapple canning operation . It employed migrant workers from Myanmar who said the company abused them and broke labor regulations .
Sunya Joongdee , a lawyer for Hall , said Thursday 's court ruling dismissed the criminal defamation case , which also resulted in the collapse of a related computer crime case .
He says the court accepted that Hall 's interviews with migrant workers revealed information that should be made public .
Comments
comments
LAWRENCE , Kan. ( AP ) — Frank Mason III and Devonte Graham never felt as though the game was over , even when they huddled around coach Bill Self with less than four minutes to go and Kansas trailing West Virginia by 14 points .
“ We just talked about staying in it . ‘ We can do it . ' Coach kept telling us we were going to step up and make plays , ” Graham said later , “ and everybody stepped up and made plays . ”
The two starting guards made the ones that mattered most .
Mason poured in 24 points , including the two free throws that forced overtime , and Graham hit two of his five 3-pointers in the extra period and finished with 18 points as the third-ranked Jayhawks stormed back to stun the No . 9 Mountaineers 84-80 on Monday night and assume control of the Big 12 race .
Josh Jackson also had 14 points and 11 rebounds for the Jayhawks ( 23-3 , 11-2 ) , who avenged a loss in Morgantown while extending their lead over fourth-ranked Baylor to two games in the league standings .
“ It was huge to play that hard and compete that hard and not have anything good happen for so long , and the guys just hung in there , ” Self said . “ I still do n't know how we did it . ”
Esa Ahmad scored 20 points and Tarik Phillip had 18 for the Mountaineers ( 20-6 , 8-5 ) , who appeared to have the game locked up when they led 64-50 with 2:58 left in the second half .
Kansas answered with some more Allen Fieldhouse magic .
Spurred on by their own version of a full-court defense , the Jayhawks began forcing turnovers and turning them into easy baskets . And by the time Graham curled in a 3-pointer , Phillip threw the ball away and Mason made a pair of free throws , it was 71-all with 21.6 seconds left in regulation .
The Mountaineers called a timeout with 16.1 seconds to go to set up a final play , and they managed to get Phillip isolated on the wing . But his long 3-pointer clanked off the iron as the buzzer sounded .
“ I was just trying to keep positive , ” Ahmad said . “ I was just trying to keep fighting . ”
Any fight the Mountaineers had left withered away as Kansas scored the next eight points .
“ We just did n't take care of the ball like we normally do , ” West Virginia 's Nathan Adrian said .
The Jayhawks had their 51-game winning streak at the Phog snapped by Iowa State just more than a week ago , but they still have not lost consecutive home games since February 1989 . They also have never been swept in the regular season by a Big 12 foe in 14 years with Self on the sideline .
It helped that they got to the foul line 44 times , making 33 of them .
“ That 's what our season is going to come down to — when it matters most , free throws , ” said Mason , who was 16 of 18 at the line . “ That 's what Coach tells us . We just have to keep working hard . ”
West Virginia has never beaten the Jayhawks at the Phog in five tries .
The Mountaineers scored the game 's first 10 points to silence a record-breaking crowd , only for the Jayhawks to answer with a 16-0 run spanning nearly five minutes . Lagerald Vick was the catalyst , hitting back-to-back 3s when nobody else in a Kansas uniform could hit much of anything .
The Mountaineers soon regained their composure and took a 39-32 lead into the locker room , then kept the Jayhawks at arm 's length throughout much of the second half .
But it was n't the Mountaineers ' vaunted Press Virginia defense that caused problems for Kansas . It was some stingy half-court defense , which prevented the Jayhawks ' guards from getting open looks on the perimeter or finding creases to get to the basket .
That is , until the final few minutes of regulation .
“ It was a toughness win because there certainly was n't much going right , ” Self said , “ and they had everything going right . But we 've never won a game down 14 with 2 1/2 left or whatever . ”
NO BUFFER NEEDED
Kansas fans set the record for loudest indoor crowd cheer at 130.4 decibels just before tipoff , breaking the mark set by Kentucky fans in a game against the Jayhawks at Rupp Arena last month .
Kentucky fans needed some help from legendary ring announcer Michael Buffer to get charged up for their record-breaking attempt . Their counterparts at Kansas needed no such assistance in establishing a threshold verified by a representative from the Guinness Book of World Records .
BIG PICTURE
West Virginia squandered a chance to get back in the Big 12 race , not to mention pick up a marquee road win that would have helped with NCAA Tournament seeding next month .
Kansas was dreadful shooting from the floor for most of the night , only to heat up when the game was on the line . It was the kind of back-against-the-wall performance the Jayhawks have put together so many times while winning 12 consecutive Big 12 championships .
UP NEXT
West Virginia begins a two-game homestand Saturday against Texas Tech .
Kansas visits No . 4 Baylor on Saturday for a top-five tilt .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Michael Bublé 's actress wife Luisana Lopilato is said to be pregnant with their third child .
The couple is understood to have told relatives they are preparing to turn the page on son Noah 's cancer drama by welcoming a new addition to their family .
Argentinian journalist Laura Ufbal broke the bombshell news by claiming Luisana , 30 , was two and a half months pregnant.Local media say they are anticipating an announcement at the end of March when she jets to her native Argentina with singer Michael , 42 , and their sons Noah , four , and Elias , two , to promote the premiere of a film where she stars as a police officer investigating human trafficking .
The couple have yet to comment on the pregnancy claims , which have been echoed across the Spanish-speaking world . Luisana 's actor brother Dario laughed and stumbled over his words when he was asked about the arrival of another niece or nephew during a recent TV interview.He appeared to stifle a smile and said : “ I would n't be able to tell you ” . Failing to finish his sentence he added : “ I swear the truth is I could n't tell because I do n't know . ''
( Image : Instagram )
( Image : luisanalopilato/Instagram )
Breaking into nervous laughter as he was quizzed about his favoured name for the new arrival , he added : “ When it comes to thinking about it , I prefer it to be something specific because you begin to get excited . So I really could n't tell you . ”
Moments later he jokingly pretended to leave the interview after saying he was looking forward to a change of subject .
Crooner Buble , back to work after putting his career on hold to care for his sick son with his wife , is expected to join his family in Argentina after hosting the 2018 JUNO Awards in Vancouver on March 25 .
Luisana has spoken of her desire to expand her family , admitting recently : “ I would love to have another child because being a mother is the best role .
( Image : Instagram )
`` I would love to have 20 children but my body would n't be up to it. ” She fuelled the pregnancy claims rather than dampening them by posting a photo on Instagram last week showing her wearing a baggy sports top.Argentinian news website To-do Noticias described it as her “ trick to hide her pregnancy . ”
One fan commenting on the photo said : “ She put baggy clothes on to hide her stomach , even though she 's not heavily pregnant yet . She 's got her hands over her belly and her jacket is a size larger than the one she normally uses . ”
Michael withdrew from hosting the Brit Awards and 2017 Juno Awards to focus on Noah 's fight-back after he was diagnosed with cancer . He and his wife were told their eldest son had cancer in November 2016 by a Los Angeles hospital after medics in Argentina said they thought the youngster with mumps .
( Image : WENN )
He had chemotherapy and an op before his parents revealed in a Facebook statement last February : “ We are so grateful to report that our son Noah has been progressing well during his treatment and the doctors are very optimistic about the future for our little boy . ”
Around the same time an Argentinian journalist went on TV to say Luisana 's sister Daniela had told him in a text message : “ The cancer has gone . ''
Noah is said to have been treated for liver cancer , although the actress and her husband have never confirmed what type of cancer he was diagnosed with .
Luisana opened up abut their son 's cancer battle in an emotional TV interview last July with Argentina 's leading chat show host Susana Gimenez
She said : “ Things like this that happen in life make you realise that the most important things are not what you think they are. “ The most important thing in life is to have faith and to be strong . There 's not a day goes by that I do n't go to bed at night praying to God , ‘ Please'. “ Thanks God the worst is now over but this is a long and ongoing process . ”
Related Coverage Armed robbery victim shot in face in Hartford
NEWINGTON , Conn. ( WTNH ) – A 19-year-old resident of East Hartford was arrested for allegedly robbing a Newington GameStop .
On Friday , Newington Police received a report of an armed robbery at the store located at 2997 Berlin Turnpike .
Witnesses report that a man entered the store and took out a handgun . Allegedly , the suspect informed the employee that he was being robbed and demanded money .
Related Content : Armed robbery victim shot in face in Hartford
Units say the suspect stole cash and merchandise from the store after securing the employee face down behind the counter with zip ties .
The employee freed himself of the zip ties and asked witnesses outside the store to call the police while while the suspect tried to leave through a locked rear entrance .
Police say the suspect then exited the front of the store and fled north along the Berlin Turnpike . He was found by police hiding in the bushes north of the Turnpike Plaza .
The suspect was later identified as Nicholas Velazquez .
Velazquez was taken into custody without incident and processed at the Newington Police Department . His charges include robbery in the 1st degree , unlawful restraint in the 2nd degree , larceny in the 3rd degree and breach of peace in the 2nd degree .
He was detained on a $ 100,000 bond and appeared in court on Monday .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Shocking pictures show a man with huge red eyes popping out of his sockets after suffering from cancer .
Chokchai Khonkaew was left blind from the deadly tumour which has now reached an advanced stage .
He was diagnosed after his parents took him to the largest hospital in the province of Hat Yai , southern Thailand at just 20-years-old .
A programme of chemotherapy and lazer treatment was given but despite the best efforts of the medics Chokchai 's condition got worse and his sight began to be affected .
In turn this meant that he could n't resume his university course where he was a first year student .
He said : “ I started to have a slight irritation in the left eye in April of last year but did n't think much about it .
( Photo : Bhin Monk / Exclusivepix Media )
`` Eventually I went to see the local doctor who prescribed some medicine but it did n't help and the irritation got worse and spread to my other eye ”
Fortunately , both Chokchai 's parents and his brother have good jobs tapping rubber in the local plantations so money , or the lack of it , is not the barrier it might be for others .
( Photo : Bhin Monk / Exclusivepix Media )
Eventually , having exhausted the medical capabilities in the province his parents took him for treatment to Bangkok but even so the cancer continued to get worse so that he completely lost his sight and the eyes began to swell out of their sockets .
His parents said : “ We returned home to Hat Yai and started a regime of traditional herbal medicines and prayer . After two months of this the eyes are less swollen and not as inflamed ”
Founded in 1998 , Philly Pretzel Factory has become a premier pretzel bakery shop.The menu offers include pretzel twists , mini pretzels , pretzel dogs and cheese steak pretzels.The Philly Pretzel Factory is celebrating the Super Bowl and Tom Baker demonstrated on ABC7 with some fun shapes of pretzels and many different party platters.For more information , visit www.phillypretzelfactory.com
Middlesbrough and Leicester played out a dull goalless draw at the Riverside to boost their respective effort to pull clear of the bottom three .
0 SHARES Share Tweet
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man 's leg partly disappeared down a huge pothole in the road during his morning commute to work .
Matthew Pannhausen stopped to take a snap of colleague Dean Dunhill standing knee-deep in the crater Hornsea , East Yorkshire .
Both workers build roads for a living , but stressed they played no role in the huge pothole forming , reports the Hull Live .
Matthew joked : `` We did n't do this road , honest ! .
`` I 've been in the construction game for 20 years and I can tell just by looking at it that it 's a good 800mm deep . It 's deeper around the edges where Dean was able to get his foot in .
`` To us , it looks like someone has recently repaired a pothole .
( Image : Hull Daily Mail WS )
`` It is n't a temporary patch-up , because a neat piece of Tarmac has been laid . It looked pretty tidy to me . There has obviously been an issue and it 's opened up . ''
Matthew , from North Frodingham near Driffield , had been driving with his friend to a construction site in Wakefield .
He added : `` Every car was driving over it .
`` You would not have wanted to go over it on a motorbike . You would have come off , especially if the rest of the Tarmac had given way . ''
Dean added : `` I thought it was quite funny , but it 's dangerous . ''
In a statement , East Riding Council said : `` The hole which has appeared in the road surface on Seaton Road , Hornsea , near the junction with Bewholme Lane , has been caused by a collapsed surface water culvert .
`` Our highways team was made aware of the hole this morning by one of our emergency officers and we made the road safe by installing temporary traffic lights at the site and beginning investigation works today ( Tuesday ) .
`` We are hoping to complete the culvert and road repairs by the end of Thursday this week , hopefully keeping the road open , under traffic signals , while the work is carried out . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Berenice Smith , of Silverwood Close in Cambridge , went through six cycles of fertility treatment without being able to conceive . Health authorities in Cambridgeshire are considering plans to remove NHS funding for IVF treatments . Here , she tells her moving story about trying to have a child , and why being unable to do so can be so devastating .
There is a lot of debate in the press about the proposed cuts to funding for IVF treatment and with this , a lot of opinionating about its worthiness , often from those who have no experience of this .
One example is Philip Hodson who wrote in the News ( August 9 ) of his pleasure that cuts were being made and attributing IVF to overpopulation . This is one of many views I have heard that lack research or evidence .
The connection between overpopulation and IVF is flimsy at best . Overpopulation is an issue with families across the world , along with adequate birth control .
IVF is still a developing area of medicine . With one in ten couples seeking answers to conception problems and one in four remaining involuntarily childless , IVF is far from a contributor to overpopulation . Some remain without children for life and I am one of these women .
National Institute for Health and Care Excellence ( NICE ) guidelines are given to clinical commissioning groups ( CCGs ) based on the available funding , as opposed to being an extra cost .
In January , MP Steve McCabe requested a parliamentary debate after being made aware of CCGs making up criteria that was n't included in the NICE guidelines . CCGs sought to control costs by setting rules such as penalising a childless partner because the other partner had a child by another relationship .
Mr McCabe spoke about a shocking case in his constituency . A couple who were about to start IVF had a natural miscarriage after four years of trying to conceive . They were told they were no longer eligible because of the miscarriage .
To reiterate , NICE do not set these guidelines , CCGs are able to set their own which brings about the postcode lottery .
And what of the costs ? Compared to campaigns and solutions offered to self-inflicted illnesses , IVF is low-cost .
Patients wanting help to have children are seen as demanding by Mr Hodson and other naysayers , yet the World Health Organisation terms infertility as a disease .
People should bear these points in mind regarding infertility and its treatment :
Patients require holistic and easily accessible reproductive medicine services that offer more than just IVF ( e.g . ovulation induction , surgery for endometriosis ) plus a range of assisted conception treatments . IVF is not always the answer and left untreated , infertility can result in serious health issues
The pain and heartache experienced by childless couples causes major psychological morbidity that has far-reaching consequences both for the couples themselves and their families and friends
Many patients will not require three full stimulated cycles ( the number recommended by NICE ) and could conceive sooner
Improved funding will result in fewer going overseas for unregulated treatments which can place additional financial burden on the NHS
Why do I know this ? For 15 years I sought to become a mother . Our doctor concluded that we needed ICSI , a similar treatment to IVF .
But Cambridgeshire CCG did n't offer it at the time . To be told this is devastating . To be told of a solution to a major health problem and then told it is not available is devastating .
We had to pay privately which had an affect on my marriage and the treatment cycles , of which I had six .
To give an idea of the time it takes to go through IVF or ICSI , an average cycle is about six weeks of injections/tablets and usually requires at least two surgical procedures , one of which is often under general anesthetic .
During the stimulation stage the patient will often be required to go to the hospital every other day for scans and then surgery . An average egg collection is eight eggs . Women naturally produce one or two . Many hospitals will aim for double this to increase their chances of success .
Over-stimulation can result in a life-threatening condition called ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome , which I experienced . All of this in the hope of producing a baby , that other people are able to do . This is not a luxury . No-one would ever want to go through this .
Added to this , I had to juggle the demands of working full-time , asking for time off and standing on a train to commute to work . I was left alone to do more than 120 injections myself over eight weeks as my husband worked overtime . Attending the appointments alone was incredibly isolating . And all because someone deemed NICE guidelines to be optional when funding was there .
Philip Hodson 's letter :
“ We should all be relieved to learn that the NHS is increasingly restricting access to IVF . The UK , today is grossly overpopulated . To make the claim of overpopulation may be contentious but in more and more people 's hearts , they know it to be true , hence we see increasingly poor delivery of essential services to the elderly and infirm . People less often want to help them . In their hearts they know there to be too many . For the sake of our children and the unborn , the government needs to reduce incentives to have more than one child . IVF on the national purse should be stopped . ”
Infertility has no boundaries . It does n't care about bank balances , about where we live , if we have a job or not and has n't heard of postcodes . And it can affect the elderly that Mr Hodson speaks of because those who are involuntarily childless also grow old , but we do n't forget our losses .
“ I do n't know where Mr Hodson expects us to disappear to . It 's a cruel and tempestuous unknown that is easy to ignore . Yet ignoring it is doing a huge disservice to those who summon up the courage ( and that takes guts ) to see their GP .
It is very easy to sit at a keyboard , content with naturally conceived children or having chosen a childfree life , and assume that IVF is a luxury . For me , a luxury is a holiday , a nice meal out or a concert .
Luxury is not handing over the best part of my bank balance or spending two weeks waiting for a positive pregnancy test and the devastating aftermath when it does n't work . One might say it 's not worth spending the money at all but to be denied pregnancy has bigger implications , not least to the children who may never be born .
Ignorance lets down the one in four who find themselves as we did , desperate to at least give it a go . It 's not measurable in monetary terms .
Neither can those who are involuntarily childless ‘ just adopt ' as is often assumed . Adoption is an entirely different choice with other criteria that can cause huge turmoil for someone trying to come to terms with not having their own children .
If it were so easy , why does n't every fertile couple take this route first ? It strikes me that the NHS is struggling with obesity , drinking-related injuries , smokers yet to reform and those unable to judge when to see a pharmacist or A & E . Yet men and women who find themselves , through no fault of their own , unable to be parents are being made scapegoats .
The American Psychological Association concluded that 50 per cent of women who had gone through failed IVF suffered PTSD on a level that could be compared to soldiers who had fought in battle .
My mental health has suffered so much and continues to be challenged each day . To read ignorant comments makes me despair over the sheer idiocy that surrounds a subject that needs to be talked about .
IVF is the single most traumatic thing I have been through but it was the only choice we had . Although six cycles did not give us a child , we are adjusting to life without children and finding our place in society that seems so hopelessly judgmental .
I urge anyone feeling strongly enough to reach out and contact their MP and the Fertility Network UK , which is campaigning too . It takes courage but it can make a difference .
CLOSE Top stories for Monday , Dec. 11 Wochit
Dover police investigate shooting . ( Photo : Ivan Bliznetsov , Getty Images/iStockphoto )
A residential fire in Bear caused over $ 150,000 in damage Monday afternoon .
Christiana Fire Company extinguished the Porter Square fire after it burned for over 45 minutes . The Company responded to a 3:30 call and found heavy fire from the two-door garage , Richard Perillo Fire Chief of the Christiana Fire Company said .
Story : 130 dogs fly to New Castle Airport to be adopted
The fire spread to the house and caused damage to the first and second floors in addition to the connected garage . One adult was in the house , but escaped without injuries . Three adults were living in the house , but are now with friends and family , Perillo said .
The outside of a neighboring house incurred heat damage from the flames .
The Delaware Office of the State Fire Marshall concluded in its investigation the fire was accidental .
Contact Josephine Peterson at ( 302 ) 324-2856 or jhpeterson @ delawareonline.com . Follow her on Twitter at @ jopeterson93 .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.delawareonline.com/story/news/local/2017/12/11/bear-house-fire-had-flames-shooting/942878001/
IT WAS the Commonwealth Games that quite literally put Cadel Evans on the road to the Tour de France .
Prior to 2002 , Evans was a force in mountain biking on the world stage and yet to seriously test his credentials as a road rider .
He 'd won mountain bike world cups in 1998 and 1999 and finished seventh in the men 's mountain bike race at the 2000 Sydney Olympics .
BIZARRE : CONDOMS BY THE POOL : INSIDE THE ATHLETES ' VILLAGE
CARDIFF : HOW HUSTLING HERB GRABBED WORLD 'S ATTENTION
DELHI : HUEGILL 'S INCREDIBLE COMM GAMES COMEBACK
He switched to the road in 2001 so Manchester was his first major Games as a road cyclist and he could n't have been more impressive , winning gold in the time trial and silver in the road race .
“ I was practically a neo-pro ( first-year professional ) on the road in 2002 so to perform there helped things for the future , ” Evans said .
“ It was also my only Commonwealth Games that I could participate in and I really liked the relaxed atmosphere there .
Camera Icon Cadel Evans celebrates his gold medal in the time trial . Picture : News Limited Camera Icon Cadel Evans on his way to winning Commonwealth Games gold . Picture : News Corp Australia
“ As a team we were very strong running 1-2-3 in the road race and I had one of my best time trials there which remains a memorable performance on a personal level . ”
Evans also led an Australian clean sweep of the podium in the time trial by beating compatriots Michael Rogers and Nathan O'Neill for gold , while he was second behind Stuart O'Grady and on the podium with Baden Cooke in the road race .
“ Funny looking back at England 's performance there then compared to now , I remember a headline in Cycling Weekly - an English publication - that read ‘ Money buys medals in Manchester ' , ” Evans said .
“ British Cycling then replicated and improved on the Australian high performance program to get where they are today . ”
Camera Icon Time trial medallists ( from left ) Michael Rogers , Cadel Evans and Nathan O'Neill . Picture : News Corp Australia , Leon Mead
Camera Icon Road race medallists ( from left ) Cadel Evans , Stuart O'Grady and Baden Cooke . Picture : News Corp Australia , Leon Mead
Evans , now 41 , went on to become Australia 's greatest ever road cyclist by winning the UCI road world championship in 2009 and the Tour de France in 2011 . He remains the only Australian to win either of them .
He would also win stage races including the Tour of Romandie , Tirreno-Adriatico , the Tour of Austria and Criterium International before retiring in 2015 .
But the Manchester Commonwealth Games medals always held a special place in his heart .
“ The medals I got framed and with the jersey and TT skin suit , I gave one each to my grandfather who was a time triallist , ” he said .
Camera Icon Cadel Evans celebrates his Tour de France win in 2011 . Picture : News Limited
“ The road silver hung in my grandmother 's house until she passed away a few months ago .
“ Both my grandparents were very proud to have the medals there and they are both with family now .
“ I like to think that I was a versatile rider that could win a range of races , and fortunately I could include the Commonwealth Games in that range of races . ”
reece.homfray @ news.com.au
July 4 ( UPI ) -- Seven-time champion Serena Williams moved one step closer to another Grand Slam title Wednesday at Wimbledon , beating Viktoriya Tomova in the second round .
Williams defeated her Bulgarian counterpart 6-1 , 6-4 in the round of 64 on Center Court . She faces France 's Kristina Mladenovic in the round of 32 .
Wednesday 's match lasted 66 minutes . Williams is playing as the No . 25 seed at Wimbledon , after being unseeded at the French Open . She is currently ranked No . 181 in the world by the Women 's Tennis Association .
`` It was better than my first round , '' Williams said in an interview after the victory . `` I 'm happy that I 'm going in the right direction . ''
While Williams was able to advance to the next round , several big names have fallen in the last few days . Second-ranked Caroline Wozniacki lost in three sets Wednesday to Ekaterina Makarova . Vitalia Diatchenko beat Maria Sharapova in three sets on Tuesday . Belinda Bencic also knocked out Carolina Garcia and Aliaksandra Sasnovich defeated No . 8 Petra Kvitova in the round of 128 .
⏱ Third round spot sealed in 66 minutes ⏱
Another step towards an eighth # Wimbledon title , @ serenawilliams defeats Viktoriya Tomova 6-1 , 6-4 on Centre Court pic.twitter.com/bjEhP7hcod — Wimbledon ( @ Wimbledon ) July 4 , 2018
Mladenovic beat Germany 's Tatjana Maria 6-2 , 6-2 in the round of 64 . The 25-year-old is ranked No . 62 in the world and has never advanced past the quarterfinals of a Grand Slam . The last time she advanced to a quarterfinal , she lost to Switzerland 's Timea Bacsinszky in two sets at the 20017 French Open .
Williams and Mladenovic have faced off just once in singles play , with Williams winning in two sets in the round of 32 at the 2016 French Open . She also lost to the Williams sisters in doubles play at the 2012 U.S. Open .
The women 's final at Wimbledon is set for June 14 at the England Club .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The family of A1307 crash victim Gail Brown have spoken on their 'stomach-churning despair ' at losing their 'beautiful Gail ' .
Gail , 56 , of Lowry Close in Haverhill died after Sarah Hand crashed into her vehicle on the A1307 just three days before Christmas .
Her heartbroken sister Lorraine said her family was `` grief-stricken '' after losing Gail in the three-car collision caused by Hand of Aragon Road , Haverhill .
Hand , 50 , had taken a cocktail of drugs and alcohol just four hours before the crash , including vodka , gin , cannabis and cocaine before crashing with two other cars at 12.15pm on December 22 .
The pain of losing Gail was still too raw for some family members , including Gail 's husband Ian and her parents Pat and Michael , who did not attend court .
Hand was sentenced to eight years in custody for three counts of causing death by careless driving .
Lorraine , Gail 's sister , struggled to hold back tears as she read her victim impact statement to the hearing at Cambridge Crown Court today ( February 2 ) .
Parent faces of 'grief-stricken torment '
Lorraine said : “ How does one even begin to find the words to write about how the death of a much-loved family member feels ?
“ Words like devastated , heartbroken and inconsolable have no real meaning as they do n't even touch the stomach-churning despair we all feel .
“ As her sister I am heartbroken .
“ The pain doubles when I see the grief-stricken torment on my elderly parents ' faces . ”
'She should not have been in that coffin '
Lorraine called her sister 's death 'heinous ' .
She added her parents , Pat and Michael , have lost any happiness in their later life .
Lorraine added Gail and her husband were a wonderful couple who did everything together .
“ Ian 's whole future has been blown to smithereens , ” she said .
She added : “ She should not have been in that coffin . She loved life .
“ She was simply driving home to start her Christmas break but she never arrived . The police arrived instead . ”
'No sentence will bring Gail back '
Gail 's stepdaughters , nephew and two-year-old grandson have all been affected by Gail 's death .
“ How will they feel when they see the person who killed Gail going about her life as normal ? ” Lorraine added .
“ As a family we are all too aware any sentence will not bring Gail back . ”
Lorraine said Hand showed “ total disregard for other road users , including Gail ” .
She said the family wanted to see justice done by use of the maximum sentencing .
A victim impact statement read by Gail 's father , Michael Hickman , was also read to the court .
A1307 crash - Sarah Hand jailed Sarah Hand has been jailed for eight years after pleading guilty to three counts of causing death by careless driving . What are the charges ? Causing death by careless driving when over the prescribed limit of alcohol . Causing death by careless driving while over the specified limit for a specified limit for a specified controlled drug , namely cocaine . Causing death by careless driving while over the specified limit for a specified controlled drug , namely cannabis .
'We are living in a trance '
He said : “ We will never forget that awful moment Ian called on us in the company of police officers to tell us of her death in a road accident . ”
He told the court he and his wife are both 82 and said they are still “ living in a trance ” and find it difficult to meet people and need medication to cope .
Gail Brown was 'wonderful , bubbly person '
Gail 's mother has lived in Haverhill all her life . Michael said since the accident the couple have changed their entire routine to stop meeting people they know .
“ It 's quite probable she would have come to see us that afternoon on her way home , ” Michael wrote .
He added : “ She was a wonderful , bubbly person whose caring nature touched the lives of people wherever she went . ”
Family took down Christmas decorations after death confirmed
Gail 's parents took down all of the Christmas decorations in their home two hours after finding out she had died .
Her father said in his statement the family will now face “ a lifetime of Christmases of grief and painful memories ” .
Gail 's father said he felt anger at Hand for causing the death of his daughter and wrote : “ I prefer the description murdered my daughter . ”
Driver accused of causing A1307 death appears in court
Milestones missed
The court also heard about how difficult it had been for the family to live through all the celebrations they should have been had with their beloved daughter , wife and sister .
Christmas Day was left uncelebrated , presents were hidden and decorations taken down .
January 24 was Gail 's mother 's birthday .
January 30 should have been Gail Brown 's 57th birthday .
Gail and Ian had been together for 17 years and had celebrated their anniversary six days before the crash .
Paying tribute to Gail at the time of the crash her husband Ian , parents Pat and Michael , sister Lorraine and nephew David , said : “ We are totally devastated at the loss of our beautiful Gail .
“ Words ca n't express how we feel at the moment , but we take immense comfort from all the messages of support we have received from the many , many people who knew and loved her .
“ She will be sorely missed by so many people . We kindly ask for some time to grieve in private . ”
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
The university 's First Friday Speaker Series kicked off on the St. Paul campus on Friday with former governor and CEO of Financial Services Roundtable Tim Pawlenty . In the midst of Homecoming Week and its annual celebration of past and present , Pawlenty spoke about the future , specifically artificial intelligence , new technologies and the dawn of the fourth industrial revolution .
“ It 's about to explode in ways that will be extremely promising and extremely disruptive , ” Pawlenty said .
Pawlenty has been speaking to many groups in recent months on the importance of preparing for these massive disruptions on the horizon . That comes in the form of changing how we educate and train our citizens , he said , which is particularly pertinent at a liberal arts university such as St. Thomas .
“ In the areas that ca n't be automated , we have to lean into them . … The emotional and humility quotient around certain jobs , the so-called soft skills , ” Pawlenty said . “ The realm of human interaction is going to be more important than ever . ”
Using examples across the sectors of health care , construction and transportation , Pawlenty detailed the expansive reach ongoing technological and artificial intelligence advances will have . It will , simply put , affect everything , he said .
“ Sixty-five percent of children entering primary school today will be working in jobs that do n't yet exist . … Oxford came out with study saying 47 percent of jobs in the United States will be eliminated in 20 years . … What 's the net effect of all this ? ” he said . “ We have to educate and raise awareness . … We have to ask our education leaders and their supporters , at the K-12 level , vocational , higher education , corporate training level , to have an acute understanding of the skills and abilities that go into inventing this , maintaining , installing , monitoring , replacing this . ”
Citing the strengths of Minnesota in education , economy , health and many other sectors , Pawlenty cautioned against the notion of complacency or continuing to do things the way we have because they 've been successful . Instead , there needs to be an educating and level of preparation for what is not “ 'Star Trek , ' some freaked-out scenario . These are all technologies , capabilities , that are at market or will be brought to market shortly , ” he said .
The bandages are to use nano-sensors to detect wound conditions , relaying this and other patient data to doctors over 5G networks
The University of Swansea is to test 5G-powered bandages that can feed sensor data on wound conditions back to doctors in real time within the next 12 months .
The smart bandages include sensors that can detect complications such as blood clots or infections .
Nano-sensors
The programme would also collect data on patients via their smartphones , which could be configured to monitor other factors that may affect the healing process , including the patient 's activity levels and diet , the university said .
“ You combine all of that intelligence so the clinician knows the performance of the specific wound at any specific time and can then tailor the treatment protocol to the individual and wound in question , ” Prof Marc Clement , chairman of the university 's Institute of Life Science ( ILS ) , told the BBC .
He said the detailed patient data that can be collected by personal wireless devices mean medicine can be fine-tuned for individuals ' needs .
3D printing
3D printing techniques mean the 5G-connected smart sensors can be produced at a cost that 's affordable to the health service , Clement said .
“ This is a multi-technology approach , with nanotechnology , nanoelectronics , printing and coating biochemistry all interconnecting through 5G infrastructure to allow us tomorrow and in the future to deliver health care for a wound patient that delivers better patient outcomes and better quality of life , ” he stated .
The trials are to be funded under the £1.3 billion Swansea Bay City programme , intended to create a 5G testing hub in the city .
The Welsh Wound Innovation Centre is also involved in the project with trials planned to make use of a pool of one million patients at the Arch wellness and innovation project in south-west Wales .
The programme aims to deliver a proven medical concept using local manufacturing technology that can be taken to a global marketplace , according to Clement .
Health nanotechnology is set to create an $ 8.5 billion ( £6.75bn ) market by 2019 as the world 's population ages , according to a recent forecast .
Last year IBM developed a lab-on-a-chip that can help detect cancer before symptoms appear , and Google is also developing cancer-detecting nano-devices .
How well do you know the cloud ? Try our quiz !
Over one hundred breast cancer survivors gathered in an East Texas City to honor 10 years of an event that 's given them a chance to understand the battles they 've overcome and continue to see every day .
ETMC 's `` Pink Ribbon Getaway '' was held in Tyler and spoke with those survivors about the importance of a single color .
Story , after story , after story that include the words “ You have cancer ” bring back difficult memories for some cancer survivors .
`` I just kept crying until one day I just told myself , this has got to stop , '' says cancer survivor Dannie Baxter .
`` Kind of scary , '' says cancer survivor Linda Whittington .
Each journey is different , but the moments they when found out very similar .
`` I felt numb , I felt like wait a minute , I 've done everything I 'm supposed to do so that this wo n't happen , '' says cancer survivor Marian Singer .
The tale inside the event room is not of those moments of despair , it 's one of information , strength and survival .
`` We talk , we exchange ideas on what we 're doing and how we 're doing , '' says Baxter .
`` It 's just wonderful to see them all here , '' says Whittington .
`` It 's very important I believe , for you to recover and to have the faith to continue on and become the new normal , '' says Singer .
It 's a new normal that includes asking questions and listening so that all can achieve one goal .
`` I really did n't think God was going to allow me to go through this in my life and he has his reasons and one of them is to connect with other people who have had breast cancer and other cancers , '' says Singer .
Click here to find out when other breast cancer awareness events are being held .
Copyright 2017 KLTV . All rights reserved .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Mel B has been getting on the right side of the law - by dating a policeman .
The 40-year-old Spice Girl is reportedly enjoying a romance with a Beverly Hills based cop .
Mel - who is currently in the process of divorcing her husband Stephen Belafonte - has seen her new romance compared to life imitating art .
The Holla singer famously had a fling with Eddie Murphy ( with whom she has a 10 year old daughter , Angel ) - who had played the Beverly Hills cop on the big screen .
( Image : Getty )
( Image : Rex Features )
American news site TMZ claims Mel and her copper lover have been dating for the past few months after being introduced by mutual friends .
The report claims the romance is “ low key ” but that the pair are “ nuts ” for each other - with the copper joining Mel for a number of America 's Got Talent engagements , of which she is a judge .
However it is also suggested she likes dating a policeman because he carries a gun - with previous reports saying Mel was granted a restraining order against Stephen amid allegations he carries a gun .
( Image : Photoshot )
( Image : FilmMagic , Inc )
Mirror Online have contacted a representative of Mel for comment .
Eddie Murphy , 56 , played detective Axel Foley in the Beverly Hills Cop trilogy - with the first instalment released in 1984 and the final in 1994 .
He had a fraught relationship with Mel in 2006 - with the actor rejecting the singer 's claims that she had fallen pregnant with his child .
( Image : WENN )
( Image : Splash News )
Their daughter , Angel , was born on 3 April 2007 but it was not until 22 June that same year that Eddie conceded he was the father after a DNA test proved his paternity .
Mel subsequently married Stephen Belafonte on 6 June 2007 - with the shock revelation their marriage was over announced in March 2017 .
A 69-year-old man is desperate to find his beloved pug `` Guido '' after he was stolen , along with the man 's car from a Tampa shopping center .
Scroll for more content ...
`` He is my best friend . I fell in love with him the moment I saw him seven years ago . He has not left my side since , '' said Donald Murray .
Murray , a retired attorney , was on a part-time job , cleaning the parking lot of a commercial center at 15499 N. Dale Mabry Highway on May 29 when the unthinkable happened .
`` Guido had a spur in his paw . So , I laid him down in my truck . I was only about 50 yards away . I have done that so many times , '' said Murray .
Murray noticed a white male with short hair and numerous tattoos . The man said hello and continued walking to where Murray 's 1997 black Dodge Stratus was parked .
The man reportedly entered the unlocked Dodge and drove off with the truck with `` Guido '' still inside .
Murray is warning others that what happened to him could happen to you . He says `` I made a dire mistake , '' by leaving the keys in the car .
The vehicle was recovered the next day , abandoned in St. Pete , but Guido is still missing .
`` Please , for anyone out there , who may know something , reunite me with Guido because both of us are going to die of a broken heart , '' says Murray . Murray describes `` Guido '' as a classic , all-black pug .
Crime Stoppers of Tampa Bay is offering a reward for information leading to the arrest of the suspect and reunion of `` Guido '' with his owner .
Murray has this message for whoever took Guido ,
`` Please do the right thing , find your humanity , '' said Murray .
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 13-2-1 8-4-1 5-2-0 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 10-5-0 10-5-1 5-1-1 Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 11-5-0 8-5-1 6-4-0 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 12-5-0 6-6-1 5-2-0 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 6-5-2 10-4-2 2-3-0 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 8-1-2 8-9-1 4-3-1 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 10-4-1 6-8-2 4-2-0 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 12-5-2 4-6-0 5-4-2 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 9-4-2 5-5-2 1-1-2 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 8-7-3 5-7-1 8-1-1 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 6-4-3 5-6-4 2-3-2 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 4-6-4 7-5-3 1-0-3 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 5-6-4 6-7-1 3-7-0 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 6-6-3 5-8-1 3-3-1 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 4-5-5 5-7-2 2-2-1 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 3-9-1 4-8-5 2-4-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 11-5-0 10-3-2 5-1-1 Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 10-5-2 10-3-1 3-3-2 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 11-2-2 7-5-2 8-1-1 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 11-2-0 8-7-1 9-1-0 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 10-2-1 7-6-4 5-1-1 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 9-6-2 7-4-1 4-1-2 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 8-8-0 8-4-2 5-3-0 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 8-3-2 7-8-1 4-5-0 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 10-4-0 6-9-1 4-8-0 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 8-5-2 6-6-3 2-5-2 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 5-6-3 9-6-1 3-5-0 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 7-7-3 5-4-4 3-2-4 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 8-5-1 5-8-1 4-5-1 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 5-9-0 7-7-2 4-1-0 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114 3-8-1 4-13-4 1-5-3
NOTE : Two points for a win , one point for overtime loss . Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs .
Saturday 's Games
St. Louis 6 , Detroit 1
Edmonton 6 , Montreal 2
Colorado 7 , Florida 3
Tampa Bay 4 , Winnipeg 3 , OT
Columbus 1 , Arizona 0
Boston 3 , N.Y. Islanders 1
Toronto 4 , Pittsburgh 3
N.Y. Rangers 5 , New Jersey 2
Vegas 5 , Dallas 3
San Jose 5 , Ottawa 0
Calgary 4 , Vancouver 2
Los Angeles 3 , Carolina 2 , OT
Sunday 's Games
Chicago 3 , Arizona 1
St. Louis 3 , Buffalo 2 , OT
Toronto 1 , Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4 , San Jose 3 , OT
Monday 's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh , 7 p.m .
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers , 7 p.m .
Washington at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
Florida at Detroit , 7:30 p.m .
Vancouver at Winnipeg , 8 p.m .
Carolina at Anaheim , 10 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Edmonton at Columbus , 7 p.m .
Ottawa at Buffalo , 7 p.m .
Toronto at Philadelphia , 7 p.m .
Colorado at Washington , 7 p.m .
Los Angeles at New Jersey , 7 p.m .
Calgary at Minnesota , 8 p.m .
Tampa Bay at St. Louis , 8 p.m .
Florida at Chicago , 8:30 p.m .
Carolina at Vegas , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa , 7 p.m .
Boston at Detroit , 8 p.m .
Nashville at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Agitating railway apprentice candidates stop trains in Mumbai . Morning commute badly affected . pic.twitter.com/btcNxsYbzP
— Rajendra B. Aklekar ( @ rajtoday ) March 20 , 2018
Attempting to restore normalcy , the local police resorted to a mild lathi-charge to disrupt the protestors . Some retaliated by pelting stones at the police .
At least five persons and a couple of police personnel were injured in the fracas even as top police and railway officials rushed to the site to control the situation , reported IANS .
Meanwhile , BJP lawmaker Kirit Somaiya assured that the justice to the job-seekers will soon be delivered , including a separate 20 % quota and special examinations for Apprentice .
Mumbai Railway Apprentice Agitation , I just talked to Minister @ PiyushGoyal.He assured discussion with andolan karta . justice b given to all including Apprentice.Separate 20 % quota & special exam for Apprentice . I appeal the AndolanKarta to withdraw RailRoko & come for discussion — Kirit Somaiya ( @ KiritSomaiya ) March 20 , 2018
The Central Railway released a statement on the protest and said that there were no rules to provide jobs to apprentices .
`` There is no provision of giving jobs to the apprentices as per the Apprentice Act . ''
`` They are given only training of a specified period to improve their skills and experience of having worked in the field . However , Ministry of Railways have taken a decision and reserved 20 percent of the seats filled through direct recruitment . ''
`` The notification is already issued with last date of submitting application as 31.3.2018 . Apprentices can apply against this notification and Special Examination will shortly be held for Apprentices who have done training in Railway Workshops under Apprentices Act .
However , the students want the 20 % quota limit removed and want the entire quota to be filled by students who have passed the test .
Monitoring your blood pressure is usually a troublesome task involving a heavy cuff that squeezes your arm to check your levels , but it looks like a future smartwatch from Samsung may be able to measure it more easily .
Rather than working like the cuff system at your local doctor 's surgery , this will use a light source and light receiver to monitor your bloodstream in a similar way to a heart rate tracker .
If the tech proves accurate , it would mean you 'd be able to monitor your blood pressure levels directly on your wrist without having to carry another accessory around with you .
Could one day save lives
This has all been detailed in a patent filed by Samsung for an upcoming watch , but there 's currently no specific details on if it 'll feature in a watch , or if this is just tech the company is experimenting with .
As it 's just a patent for now , you should n't expect this on the next generation of Samsung devices .
The patent refers to the watch as the Gear X , but it 's likely this is just a codename but we would n't expect this tech to be ready for either the Samsung Gear S4 or Gear Sport 2 .
Being able to spot high blood pressure can mean medical professionals will be able to identify conditions like cardiovascular disease earlier . With lots of smartwatch owners having easy access to a blood pressure monitor directly on their wrist , it may be that one day these devices will help to save lives .
Via TechTastic
What the papers say
Gareth Bale has reportedly agreed terms to leave Real Madrid next summer . The Daily Mail says reports in Spain suggest the forward reached an agreement during a meeting between president Florentino Perez and his agent Jonathan Barnett . The paper says Manchester United and his former club Tottenham is the front-runners to sign him in a return to the Premier League .
Harry Kane could be sold in a deal for Gareth Bale ( Tim Goode/Empics )
Meanwhile , Tottenham would consider selling Harry Kane to Real Madrid in exchange for Bale , the Express reports . According to the paper , reports in Spain suggest Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino is open to considering a deal .
Manchester United want to re-sign Marouane Fellaini ( John Walton/PA )
Manchester United have held talks with Marouane Fellaini in a last-ditch attempt to get him to sign a new deal , the Sun reports . The midfielder is free to talk to European clubs in January and is being eyed up by clubs such as Paris St Germain and Besiktas , the paper says .
Also at Manchester United , left-back Luke Shaw is reportedly demanding a £5million pay-off if he is to leave the club next month . According to the Sun , the England defender , who has fallen out with boss Jose Mourinho , wants a settlement from the Red Devils as he knows he is unlikely to get as good a wage packet at any other club .
Juventus are showing interest in Hector Bellerin ( Adam Davy/PA )
Juventus could be looking to make a move for Arsenal star Hector Bellerin , it is reported . According to Italian news site Tuttosport , the Spain international is a number one target for the current Serie A champions as a potential replacement for Stephan Lichtsteiner .
Social media round-up
@ TheSunFootball : Daniel Sturridge reportedly set to quit Liverpool after falling out of favour
@ MirrorFootball : Olivier Giroud told he will NOT be leaving Arsenal in January despite not starting a league game all season
Players to watch
Josh Eppiah spoke to LCFC TV about his journey through City 's academy . Watch in full 👉 https : //t.co/YVIrMprk0L pic.twitter.com/RRhAhTULaD — Leicester City ( @ LCFC ) November 13 , 2017
Josh Eppiah : A number of Premier League and Championship clubs are said to be eyeing up the 19-year-old striker and tracking his progress . ESPN reports that the Belgium Under-19 international has impressed while at Leicester , and is being monitored by sides such as West Ham and Everton .
For nine decades now the Last Post has been sounded at 8PM nearly every evening at the Menin Gate in Ieper . The monument bears the names of British and Commonwealth soldiers with no known grave . The names of 171 American soldiers also appear on the Gate . It was through the old gate that soldiers set off from Ieper for the Great War battlefields .
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) - Authorities in Austin , Texas , say an explosion has injured at least 2 people , but they have n't determined the cause .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The White House defended its commitment to transparency Monday amid criticism of its decision to keep visitors ' records secret and new calls for President Donald Trump to release his federal tax returns .
Government watchdog groups argue Trump is preventing the public from learning basic details about his financial ties and blocking information about the groups and individuals that are trying to influence the White House . The Obama administration released 6 million White House visitor records over eight years .
On Monday , White House spokesman Sean Spicer downplayed those disclosures because national security and law enforcement reasons were used to exclude certain visits — despite the fact that the Trump White House has used national security and privacy concerns to justify keeping all visitor information under wraps .
Spicer said the Obama White House approach amounted to “ faux ” transparency .
Advertisement
“ It 's not really being transparent when you scrub out the names of the people that you do n't want anyone to know were here , ” Spicer said .
The Obama administration initially fought attempts by Congress and conservative and liberal groups to obtain visitor records . But after being sued , it voluntarily began disclosing the logs in December 2009 , posting records every three to four months . It continued to release the records even though a federal appeals court ruled in 2013 that the logs can be withheld under presidential executive privilege .
Trump has long faced questions about secrecy and transparency given his refusal to release his federal tax returns , a decision that broke decades of tradition for both presidents and presidential candidates . White House aides have also provided few details about Trump 's activities and meetings during his numerous weekend trips to Florida .
Thousands of protesters marched across the country Saturday demanding anew that Trump release his tax returns . But the protests did little to change Trump 's thinking : Spicer maintained that Trump was unable to make the information public because he is under audit , despite the fact that tax experts say an audit would not prevent him from releasing his taxes .
Asked whether Trump is simply never going to release his taxes , Spicer said , “ We 'll have to get back to you on that . ”
The White House defended Trump 's overall approach to transparency , noting that the president often opens portions of his meetings with business executives and other visitors to journalists . He also takes questions from reporters on a fairly regular basis , including during news conferences with visiting foreign leaders .
“ We bring people in , we release participant lists , we give press the opportunity to come into the room , see everybody who 's there , hear part of the discussion , ” Spicer said .
However , the White House has been tight-lipped about Trump 's activities when he travels to his properties in Florida — his Mar-a-Lago resort and a nearby private golf club . Aides rarely confirm when the president is golfing , even when photos of him on the course pop up on social media .
During his recent Easter visit to Florida , the president spent two days at Trump International Golf Course . The White House provided no information about his activities , though CNN obtained images of the president golfing .
___
Follow Julie Pace at http : //twitter.com/jpaceDC
“ At a time when China is working on an ambitious lunar program , President Donald Trump vowed on Monday that the United States will remain the leader in space exploration as he began a process to return Americans to the moon , ” Steve Holland reports for Reuters .
“ ‘ We are the leader and we 're going to stay the leader , and we 're going to increase it many folds , ' Trump said in signing ‘ Space Policy Directive 1 ' that establishes a foundation for a mission to the moon and eventually , to Mars , ” Holland reports . “ Trump 's signing ceremony for the directive included former lunar astronauts Buzz Aldrin and Jack Schmitt and current astronaut Peggy Whitson , whose 665 days in orbit is more time in space than any other American and any other woman worldwide . ”
Holland reports , “ Trump said he was taking a giant step toward ‘ reclaiming America 's proud destiny in space . ' ”
Read more in the full article here .
“ Trump said NASA would not only return to the lunar surface but use it as a stepping stone to explore even deeper into the cosmos , ” Christian Davenport reports for The Washington Post . “ ‘ The directive I 'm signing today will refocus America 's space program on human exploration and discovery , ' he said . ‘ It marks an important step in returning American astronauts to the moon for the first time since 1972 for long-term exploration and use . This time , we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprint , we will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars and perhaps , someday , to many worlds beyond . This directive will ensure America 's space program once again leads and inspires all of humanity . ' ”
“ The policy directive marks the official reversal of the Obama administration 's plan to visit an asteroid and fly to Mars by the mid-2030s , ” Davenport reports . “ It also makes it clear that the Trump administration wants to explore the moon in partnership with the private sector and other countries . The directive says that ‘ the moon is of interest to international partners and is within reach of America 's private space industry . ' ”
“ But presidents have promised Apollo-like ambitions for generations , and Trump is now the third consecutive Republican president to vow a return to the moon , ” Davenport reports . “ While Trump offered scant specifics about how NASA would return to the moon , or how much such an endeavor would cost , the difference this time is that his administration would attempt to leverage the growing private sector for the mission . In addition to Moon Express , several commercial companies , including the United Launch Alliance , SpaceX and Blue Origin have announced plans to return to the moon… Some think they will be the key that could give Trump a space triumph . ”
Read more in the full article here .
Growing up in southwestern Virginia in recent decades , poet Molly McCully Brown often passed by a state institution in Amherst County that was once known as the `` Virginia State Colony for Epileptics and Feebleminded . ''
Since 1983 the facility , which was founded in 1910 , has been called the Central Virginia Training Center , and it is now a residential home for people with various intellectual disabilities . But in the early 20th century , the place Brown now refers to as `` the colony '' was part of the eugenics movement taking hold in the U.S. , and a variety of treatments now considered inhumane were practiced there — including forced sterilization . Brown , who has cerebral palsy , notes that had she been born in an earlier era , she might have been sent to live at the institution herself .
`` It is impossible to know that for sure , '' she says . `` I can look at my life and look at my family and look at my parents and think , No , never . That never would have happened . But I also understand that if I had been born 50 years earlier , the climate was very different . ''
She hopes to give voice to those early generations of residents , in her book of poetry , The Virginia State Colony For Epileptics And Feebleminded .
For Brown , the themes of disability and poetry have been constant throughout her life : `` In my life , there has always been my body in some state of falling apart or disrepair or attempting to be fixed , and there has always been poetry . And I could n't untwine those things if I tried . ''
Interview Highlights
On seeing the buildings and grounds of the old facility
It was incredibly moving and incredibly powerful . The place is interesting because it is still an operational facility for adults with really serious disabilities , although it is in the process of closing . But like a lot of things in Virginia , it was initially built on an enormous amount of land . And , so , a really interesting thing happened , which is that as the buildings that were originally part of the colony fell into disrepair , they were largely just moved out of — and new buildings were built on accompanying land , but those original buildings were not necessarily torn down . So the place itself is this really strange combination of functioning facility and ghost town of everything that it has been . I 've never been in a place that felt more acutely haunted in my life .
On how some people assume her physical disability means she also has an intellectual disability
We do have a strange tendency in this country to equate any kind of disability with less intellectual capability and with even a less complete humanity . Certainly as a child and as a teenager — and even now as an adult — [ I ] encountered people who assumed that just because I used a wheelchair , maybe I could n't even speak to them . I often get questions directed at people I 'm with , as opposed to me , and that 's a really interesting phenomenon .
On the connection between poetry and theology
Both poetry and theology for me are about paying attention to the world in a very intentional way , and about admitting a mystery that is bigger than anything that I rationally understand . ... I think poetry has always been for me a kind of prayer . So those things feel very linked for me . And , again , poetry does feel like the first — and in some ways best — language I ever had for mystery and for my sense of what exists beyond the world we 're currently living in .
On how Catholicism has helped her accept her body
One of the things that I find so moving about Catholicism is that it never forgets that to be a person is inherently and inescapably and necessarily to be in a body — a body that brings you pain , a body that brings you pleasure , a body that can be a barrier to thinking more completely about your life and your soul — but [ that it ] can also be a vehicle to delivering you into better communion with the world , with other people and to whatever divinity it is that you believe in .
What Catholicism did for me , in part , is give me a framework in which to understand my body as not an accident or a punishment or a mistake , but as the body that I am meant to have and that is constitutive of so much of who I am and what I 've done and what I hope I will do in the world .
More and more ... I 've come to see my body as a place of pride and potential , and as something that gives me a unique outlook onto the world . And I 'd rather that , I guess , than be infuriated by it .
On her twin sister , who died shortly after birth
She lived about 36 hours after we were born . ... It 's a phenomenon in my life that I have not a lot of rational explanation for , ... but it is true that I miss my sister with a kind of intense specificity that has no rational explanation , and that I feel aware of her presence in this way that I ca n't exactly explain or articulate , but which feels undeniable to me . ...
I do think that that sort of gave me no other option than to believe in some kind of something beyond this current mortal life that we 're living . Because what is the explanation otherwise for the fact that I feel like I miss and I know this person who only lived a matter of hours ? And for the fact as much as I know that she is dead and is gone in a real way , she does n't feel `` disappeared '' to me .
On how her physical disability and her poetry are intertwined
I think the easiest way I have of describing it is I have two [ early ] memories . ... One of them is of sitting on a table in a hospital room in the children 's hospital in St. Louis , choosing the flavor of the anesthetic gas I was going to breathe when they put me under to do my first major surgery . I was picking between cherry and butterscotch and grape . And the second memory that I have is of my father reading a Robert Hayden poem called `` Those Winter Sundays . ''
Roberta Shorrock and Therese Madden produced and edited this interview for broadcast . Bridget Bentz , Molly Seavy-Nesper and Deborah Franklin adapted it for the Web .
Operator installs more mobile masts and upgrades 4,000 existing sites to further spread of its 4G network
Mobile operator EE has released information about upgrades to its mobile network , as it seeks to achieve its goal of 95 percent UK coverage of its 4G network by 2020 .
In the last six months , the BT owned operator has installed 105 new sites with mobile masts , and has upgraded 4,000 existing locations to 4G over the past year .
Last month EE revealed it was also tackling rural broadband with the installation of a 4G antenna at premises where , because of their remote location , they can not get fast broadband speeds via a traditional fixed-line connection .
Network expansion
But EE is not neglecting its core 4G network and it said the over the last 12 months it has filled more than 12,000 square kilometres of mobile not-spots .
This is the equivalent of more than 1.5 million football pitches .
And the 105 new locations is into virgin territory ( mostly Scotland , north Wales and northern England ) , with most locations previously having no mobile coverage from any other operator .
EE said these new sites have already carried more than 200 emergency 999 calls from people that would have previously had to drive to an area to get coverage , or use a landline .
EE said these new sites would be included into the Emergency Services Network , which will enable emergency services workers to communicate using 4G across the country .
“ Our customers need a 4G connection wherever they go , ” said CEO Marc Allera . “ We 've added an enormous amount of coverage in the last year , upgrading existing sites and building completely new ones to keep our customers connected in more places than ever before . ”
“ Mobile coverage is critical to consumers and businesses and can provide a lifeline for those in need of support from the emergency services – that 's why we keep focusing on filling in more mobile not-spots across Britain , ” he added .
Network rankings
Over the past few years , EE has consistently dominated the mobile operator rankings according to the RootMetrics categories of network reliability , network speed , as well as data , call , and text performance .
Seattle-based RootMetrics has been carrying out network tests in the US since 2008 , and moved to the UK in the last few years , but not without some opposition .
Some operators ( mostly the ones that do n't do too well in its rankigns ) have disputed the firm 's findings and methods . Indeed , the colourful CEO John Legere of T-Mobile in the US reportedly called RootMetrics ' rankings “ bullshit ” .
And O2 – which traditionally has not been well rated by RootMetrics – is also not a fan . It has complained that RootMetrics does n't share enough data and its tests are not accurate .
But RootMetrics has defended its approach and told Silicon in 2015 that its scientific approach gives the best indication of how well a network will perform , giving consumers the chance to make an informed decision and networks the opportunity to improve their service .
How much do you know about UK mobile operators ? Try our quiz !
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The owners of a historic casino have sued a high-stakes international gambler said to have once lost £2.4 million in a night - after complaining they are owed £470,000 .
Bosses at Les Ambassadeurs Club , in Mayfair , London , told a High Court judge cheques from Azam Kolia , who comes from Singapore , had bounced .
Detail of the case emerged at a preliminary hearing before Mrs Justice Jefford today .
She said Mr Kolia 's assets should be frozen pending further developments .
A barrister representing Les Ambassadeurs told the judge that Mr Kolia - who was not at the hearing - was a prolific gambler and liked to `` play for high stakes '' .
Daisy Boulter said Mr Kolia had gambled in the Philippines , London and Australia .
She said he had stayed at The Ritz hotel when in London and had used a bank account in Bournemouth , Dorset .
( Image : REUTERS )
Miss Boulter said on one night in December 2012 he had spent £2.6 million and lost £2.4 million .
She said he had bought chips with cheques which had been `` dishonoured '' .
`` There is a history of evasiveness , '' Miss Boulter told Mrs Justice Jefford .
`` This points to a man with the means to pay , who acknowledges that the debt is due , but simply refuses to pay - possibly because he thinks he can negotiate the debt down . ''
She said : `` He has recently made an offer of settlement . The only thing he has not done is paid up . ''
Miss Boulter said Mr Kolia had a home in Singapore but was a frequent traveller .
She indicated that lawyers had found it hard to serve documents on him .
Miss Boulter said at one stage documents were left for him at the reception of The Ritz gambling club .
No detail of Mr Kolia 's occupation emerged at Monday 's hearing .
Miss Boulter said he failed to comply with a judge 's order requiring him to provide detail of his assets .
Bosses describe Les Ambassadeurs as `` one of the capital 's most exclusive and distinguished gambling clubs '' on the club 's website .
They say the club has been `` welcoming the cream of society '' since the early 19th Century .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Glamour model Katie Price has stunned fans with a snapshot of her prime .
Posting the black and white picture of herself to Instagram on Friday afternoon , she captioned it : `` Throwing it right back '' .
A close-up profile , it sees her pre-cosmetic surgery and boasting a fresh-faced , clear complexion , plus wide-eyed and naturally plump lips .
Before long the picture racked-up more than 5,000 likes and a slew of mixed comments from fans , who were slack-jawed by her apperarance .
( Image : WENN.com )
One said : `` You looked beautiful then , why all the surgery ? You did n't need it '' .
Another said : `` The best you EVER looked . Nothing beats the natural look at any age . Princess is your twin in this snap . ''
Another said : `` Wow , does n't look like you ... you look completely different '' , while a fourth quipped : `` Bet you wished you look like that now again '' .
However , one loyal fan jumped to her defense , saying : `` Eurgh ... so many people commenting negative things ... why ? It 's her face/body , her choice .
`` Nothing wrong with changing something you do n't like . Be positive , peeps ! `` .
( Image : WENN.com )
( Image : WENN.com )
The upload comes shortly after Katie 's bizarre antics at a nightclub on Saturday , which were slammed as `` shocking '' and `` cringeworthy '' - by revellers who thought she was less entertaining than the Chuckle Brothers .
As Mirror Online exclusively revealed this week , Katie showed up late and `` in a state '' to Cube nightclub in Bangor , Wales , where she was being paid to entertain clubbers and do some meet-and-greets .
But the former glamour model 's erratic behaviour sparked concern from witnesses who watched as she made people kiss during an awkward game on stage and jokingly told the crowd she was pregnant .
( Image : PA )
One clubber said she was `` the worst act '' they 'd ever seen and was outperformed by the Chuckle Brothers , who had appeared at Cube a few days before the Pricey .
`` She was a complete state and a huge embarrassment , '' they told Mirror Online .
`` She could n't take a simple picture and she was clearly annoying the security staff . The Chuckle Brothers were ten billions times better than that wretched mess . ''
Future Market Insights ( FMI ) delivers key insights on the global biologic excipients market in its upcoming report titled “ Biologic Excipients Market : Global Industry Analysis 2013–2017 and Opportunity Assessment 2018 – 2028 ” . In terms of revenue , the global biologic excipients market is projected to register a CAGR of 3.6 % over the forecast period owing to various factors , regarding which FMI offers detailed insights and forecasts in this report .
Request for sample Report : https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6982
Global Biologic Excipients Market : Segmental Analysis & Forecast
The global market is segmented based on excipient type , end user and region . Based on excipient type the market is segmented into polymers , sugar alcohols , polysorbates , inorganic salts , amino acids , surfactants and others . Polymers biologic excipients are anticipated to lead the biologic excipients market over the forecast period . Polymer biologic excipients account for the highest revenue share and are anticipated to witness a growth rate of 3.7 % over the forecast period .
By end user , the market is segmented into biopharmaceutical manufacturers , contract research organisations/contract manufacturing organisations , and research organisations . Biopharmaceutical manufacturers is the leading segment in the global biologic excipients market over the forecast period . This segment accounts for a relatively higher revenue share , which is expected to register a CAGR of 6.0 % over the forecast period .
Global Biologic Excipients Market : Dynamics
Growth of the global biologic excipients market is primarily driven by rising global demand for medicines , greater uptake of biologics driving demand for parenteral formulations , increasing acquisition of contract research organisations , patent expiration of major blockbuster drugs , growing adoption of advanced drug delivery technologies , increasing research in pediatric formulations , growing demand for extended-release or sustained release formulations , increasing demand for oral solid drug formulations , rising demand from emerging economies pushing local drug production , and increasing per capita healthcare expenditure .
However , lack of proper data documentation on gras status of excipients , regulatory audits restricting supply capacity , regulatory hurdles detering novel excipient development , and stability testing of excipients imposing cost liabilities on drug manufacturers are some factors expected to hamper the growth of the global biologic excipients market over the forecast period .
A key trend witnessed in the biologic excipients market is increasing adoption of continuous processing of biologic excipients , dependence of large drug manufacturers on in-house biologic excipients production , vast proportion of imported excipients leading to production delays , and regulatory harmonisation with respect to gradation of excipients . Furthermore , the growing importance of developing biologic excipients by big players in order to enhance their product portfolio , growing importance for manufacturing authorisation , growing market for topical and parenteral applications and compulsory licensing promoting demand for biologic excipients are the key trends likely to be witnessed in the global biologic excipients market .
Global Biologic Excipients Market : Regional Analysis
The North America regional market is projected to dominate the global biologic excipients market , accounting for a maximum revenue share of the global market by 2017 end . The North America , Western Europe , and Asia Pacific markets accounted for 77.3 % of the total biologic excipients market share in terms of value in 2017 . Revenue from the market in APEJ is estimated to expand at a CAGR of 4.2 % over the forecast period .
Some of the key players featured in this report on the global biologic excipients market include BASF Corporation , FMC Corporation , Wacker Chemie AG , Evonik Industries AG , Ashland Global Holdings Inc. , Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. , Roquette Freres S.A. , The Dow Chemical Company , Colorcon Inc. , Signet Chemical Co. Pvt . Ltd . This report discusses the individual strategies followed by these companies regarding bringing improvements in their products , creating new manufacturing facilities , market consolidation and advanced R & D initiatives . The report concludes with key takeaways for players already present in the market and new players planning to enter the market .
Visit For Table of Contents : https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-6982
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Alien invaders have pulled out of Cambridgeshire - and taken their flying saucers with them .
Police data on UFO and ET sightings in the county has revealed the county is no favourite with bug-eyed monsters or little green men - or whatever aliens look like .
The data shows there was one report of aliens and one report of a UFO to the Cambridgeshire force in 2015 .
The following year ET was a bit more active with two reports of aliens sighted and two of UFOs .
But last year ( 2017 ) not one extraterrestrial or their spacecraft were reported to police , according to figures released using freedom of information laws .
Dr David Sutton , editor of the Fortean Times , a monthly magazine of news and research on strange phenomena , said : `` At Fortean Times we tend to associate Cambridgeshire with reports of mystery big cats – like the infamous 'Fen Tiger ' – rather than UFO sightings .
`` And on the strength of these figures , it 's not exactly a UFO hot-spot , with 2017 having been a particularly disappointing year .
`` Perhaps we should bear in mind , though , that these figures are based on emergency calls to the local police ... who are probably extremely grateful that they do n't receive too many 999 calls about alien visitors . ''
But Tony Buckingham , founder of East Anglia UFO Group , said alienss are amongst us .
He said : `` Although UFO sightings are down from a few years ago , they have not left Cambridgeshire . I interviewed two people just this week ( Littleport and Chatteris ) .
`` One of the sightings was a few weeks ago and the other was older . My feeling is that people have their heads down much more often ( looking at phones etc I guess ) , and just do n't look up , like they once did .
Indeed last year ( 2017 ) an eagle-eyed amateur photographer spotted an eerie green UFO shaped light in the Cambridge skyline .
Carole Middleton was on a camera club outing with the Cambridgeshire Bat Conservation Trust on June 21 when she caught sight of a mysterious saucer shaped green light hovering above the old Cambridge pumping station in Cheddars Lane .
Cambridgeshire 's most remarkable UFO sightings
M11
Three years ago a woman who is a member of the group saw ' a big gun metal grey triangle floating in a field ' with her two children .
Following the incident all three claim to have developed supernatural abilities .
One of her children 'sees auras ' around people of all different colours .
Her other daughter claims she has visitations at night time , and her third daughter has what looks like an implant on her hand which she claims gives her electric shocks which have given her intelligence beyond her years .
UFO group investigates 'ball of orange light ' spotted over Cambridgeshire
Newmarket
Another member claims she was driving to Newmarket with her brother when she was chased by a flying saucer .
It came down behind her and she could see ' a big white light ' . As fast as she was going , she could n't get away from it - until she stopped in Newmarket and it 'just disappeared ' .
Was it a lorry or an alien ? You decide .
She claims ever since she 's been visited by strange orbs , and on one occasion saw 'footprints in her bedroom mirror ' .
Another lady in the group says she was driving through Newmarket several years ago at 7am when a 'red light ' appeared in the distance .
It was was joined by five or six others which seemed to be 'dancing and playing tag ' , until one came forward very quickly and landed in the field opposite where they were sitting .
When she got out to have a look , a huge bright white object rose up - the height of a house - then just flew off behind them .
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used . By continuing to use this website , you consent to our cookie collection . More information about how we collect cookies is found here .
There 's been up to 30cm ( on the Eastern side of the Alps over the Easter weekend.Mid-winter conditions have returned - probably briefly - to resorts like the Arlberg region 's Lech ( pictured above and below this afternoon ) and St Anton where the ski season still has a fortnight left to run.Although more than half of the northern hemisphere 's ski areas had closed for the season by yesterday evening ( Easter Sunday ) , some did see fresh snow on closing day after a largely warm and Sunny spring to date .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A schoolgirl was “ electrocuted in her bath ” after her smartphone fell in the water while she was charging it , say police .
The 12-year-old , named only as Kseniya P , reportedly died instantly .
Her distraught mother told police she took a bath when she returned home from playing basketball after school .
The girl was listening to music but her smartphone ran out of power during the tragic incident in Russia .
( Image : east2west news )
She plugged it in to charge in the bathroom but then phone with the cable attached fell into the water , according to a preliminary investigation .
Her mother was cooking an evening meal and become worried about Kseniya 's silence .
She went into the bathroom and found the girl “ already dead with her head under the water ” .
( Image : east2west news )
The phone was floating in the bath .
She called emergency services and tried to resuscitate Kseniya but it was too late .
Kseniya was the only child in her family , living in Bolshoe Gryzlovo village in the Serpukhovsky district of Moscow region .
Her mother is PA to a senior company manager , and her father works as a driver .
Kseniya was keen on sports and a passionate dancer and skier .
( Image : east2west news )
Her dance school said today they were in “ big grief ” over “ the death of our beautiful star Kseniya who has died aged 12 ” .
A friend called Anna said it was a “ terrible tragedy ” .
Online commenters urged parents to “ warn their children about the terrible risks of using phones in the bath ” .
( Image : east2west news )
One person wrote : “ Do n't people know the basic rules of safety and explain them to their children ? ”
Another said : “ How many times do we have to hear about such cases ?
“ People prefer to to learn from their own mistakes , at the cost of their own lifes , and do not separate themselves their phones even in the bath… ''
The case is being probed by Moscow regional Investigative Committee .
Diamo il benvenuto al nostro nuovo schiacciatore Taylor Sander ! ! @ taylorsander3 # welcometaylor # lubevolley # atuttofuoco # superlega # volleymercato
A post shared by A.S. Volley Lube srl ( @ asvolleylube ) on May 19 , 2017 at 7:54am PDT
Luis Enrique snaps at reporter after 4-0 defeat to PSG
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An irritated Luis Enrique snapped at a Spanish reporter following Barcelona 's humiliating 4-0 Champions League defeat to Paris Saint-Germain .
PSG came out all guns blazing in the last 16 first leg , and took the lead after 18 minutes through a superb Angel di Maria free-kick .
Les Parisiens then doubled their lead just before half-time after January signing Julian Draxler powered his effort past Marc-Andre ter Stegen .
And whatever Enrique said at half-time clearly fell on deaf ears as it was normal service resumed for the second 45 .
( Photo : AFP )
It took 10 minutes for the home side to score again , di Maria doubling his night 's tally .
And things took an even worse turn for the visitors as Uruguay international Edinson Cavani made it four for the Parc des Princes side .
Having received criticism after the game , a disgruntled Enrique said : `` I accept all the responsibility for the loss , but when we win I expect the same personal manner when I conduct my interviews with you , OK ? ''
The Spaniard then stormed off .
Barcelona do have a shot at redemption on March 8 - but they 'll have their work cut out .
Theresa May has announced a snap general election will be held on June 8 in the wake of the Brexit vote
Speaking outside Number 10 , the Prime Minister said the Cabinet had agreed to call an early election . The move takes place against the backdrop of the country 's decision to leave the European Union in last year 's referendum .
Justifying the decision , Mrs May said : “ The country is coming together but Westminster is not . ”
She added : “ So we need a general election and we need one now . Because we have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done , while the European Union agrees its negotiating position and before the detailed talks begin . ”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A 'violent explosion ' has rocked a natural gas depot in Austria with reports of one person dead and dozens injured .
Rescue helicopters are circling the area and 10 fire engines and four ambulances are at the scene of the OMV gas station in Baumgarten , Heute reports .
Witnesses said it 'felt like an earthquake ' and saw meter high flames , local reports say .
Police officials have tweeted : `` Explosion of a gas station in Baumgarten .
`` Avoid the area and follow instructions of the forces . ''
( Image : AFP )
( Image : AFP )
( Image : WolfgangWeinkum/Twitter )
A fire brigade spokesperson reportedly said the explosion happened in a gas pipeline that runs in the ground .
He said it created a fire and `` thick black clouds of smoke , '' reports say .
The station was reportedly evacuated in the incident this morning and police have blocked off the area .
The exact number of those injured has not been confirmed .
( Image : WolfgangWeinkum/Twitter )
( Image : Sonnenstrom1/Twitter )
( Image : Marcus Pos /Youtube )
A spokesman for OMV told noe.orf : `` We now have to find out which parts of the plant are affected .
`` The state criminal investigation office has taken up the investigations . ''
A Gas Connect Austria spokesperson reportedly said the situation is under control but 'extinguishing work ' is still in progress , diepresse reports .
Each year about 40 billion m³ of natural gas is redistributed via the Baumgarten station to Austria and to Western , Southern and Southeastern Europe .
Natural gas is needed in Austria for the manufacturing sector , power plants , heating plants , district heating plants , households and transport .
“ Microsoft dismissed Consumer Reports ' Surface reliability ratings last week , but a new internal memo sheds some light on the issues that the software maker has faced , ” Tom Warren reports for The Verge .
“ Consumer Reports surveyed 90,000 tablet and laptop owners and found roughly 25 percent of Surface users have encountered issues by the end of the second year of ownership , ” Warren reports . “ Paul Thurrott has obtained an internal memo about Microsoft 's response to Consumer Reports , and it appears to suggest that high Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book return rates could have impacted Consumer Reports ' findings . ”
“ In a leaked chart , return rates for Surface Book hit around 17 percent during its launch period , and remained above 10 percent for six months , ” Warren reports . “ The Surface Book has suffered from consistently higher return rates than any other Surface product throughout the nearly two years it has been on sale . ”
Read more in the full article here .
Alfreton Male Voice Choir will be raising money for Ashgate Hospice at their annual Autumn Showcase concert .
They will be performing at the David Nieper Academy in Alfreton on Saturday , October 14 , at 7.30pm .
The Rolls-Royce Ladies Choir will be the special guests .
Tickets £8 , available from the website or call 01773 747279 or 07964 762633 .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Universal Credit is driving destitute families into `` deep financial crisis '' and forcing them to food banks , a charity warned today .
The Trussell Trust said just 8 % of 284 food bank users it surveyed believed the new benefit is enough to live on .
Launching a report showing it dished out a record 1.33million food parcels last year , the Trust said a stroke victim was left with nothing after leaving hospital - while a mother considered giving up her children to allow them to eat .
Other claimants were choosing between food and a bus fare to the Jobcentre to avoid a benefit sanction , MPs heard .
Trussell Trust chief executive Emma Revie pointed the finger at the five-week wait - formerly a six-week wait - for the all-in-one benefit Universal Credit .
The government insists advance loans are available to help bridge the gap when people join UC .
But Ms Revie said many in the charity 's survey had n't been offered help .
( Image : Trussell Trust )
She told today 's launch in Westminster : `` We collected stories of a stroke victim left with nothing when discharged from hospital as their benefits were stopped .
“ A woman whose husband suffers from PTSD with money for the electric heating .
“ And even a mother who considered giving up her own two children while she waited for her Universal Credit to come in so that they could finally get some food .
“ Tens of billions of pounds have been taken out of our welfare system in recent years , and this process shows no signs of stopping . ''
Chief executive Emma Revie said for many UC is simply `` not enough to make ends meet '' and leaves people `` locked into debt , hunger , destitution and misery '' .
David Finch of the Resolution Foundation think tank said the benefit was `` just less generous '' than the current system for some groups , like single parents under 25 .
He added the rise of food banks showed a `` failure of the welfare state '' .
( Image : Getty )
A Department for Work and Pensions spokesman said : `` The reasons why people use food banks are complex , so it 's wrong to link a rise to any one cause .
`` This research is based on anecdotal evidence from a small , self-selecting sample of less than 0.04 % of current Universal Credit claimants , whereas Universal Credit is working for the vast majority who claim it .
`` It was also carried out before our significant improvements to Universal Credit came into effect at the Budget ; such as 100 % advances , which support people before their first payment , removing the seven waiting days and two weeks ' extra housing support for claimants moving onto Universal Credit . ''
But foodbank managers at today 's meeting said describing the figures as anecdotal was `` unacceptable '' .
Nearly 12 million meals were handed out to hungry families by Britain 's biggest food bank operator in the past year , the Trust 's grim figures revealed .
( Image : PA )
The record number of parcels distributed to hard-up households is a shocking 13 % rise on the previous 12 months .
It comes despite eight years of almost unbroken economic growth - suggesting poverty pay and benefit cuts are hitting the poorest in society .
Trussell Trust volunteers gave out 1,332,952 three day emergency food supplies between April 1 , 2017 and March 31 this year .
Each contains enough for three meals a day , meaning a total of 11,996,568 were provided .
Meanwhile , benefits have been frozen for another year - meaning real incomes of families relying on welfare payments are hammered by inflation .
Benefit delays accounted for 24 % of the network 's referrals in 2017-18 , with benefit changes cited in 18 % of cases .
Debts accounted for a rising percentage of referrals - up from 8 % to 9 % in the past year .
( Image : PA )
The charity , which runs more than 420 foodbanks , called for “ an urgent inquiry into poor administration within Universal Credit and its effects , particularly in relation to insecure work ” .
Living Wage Foundation director Tess Lanning said : “ Many of those who are going hungry are also working , with one-in-six households referred to foodbanks in work .
“ Our own research found over a third of parents working full-time and earning less than the real Living Wage are now regularly skipping meals .
( Image : Living Wage Foundation )
“ That 's why we need to see more businesses step up , go beyond the government minimum , and commit to pay a Living Wage based on the cost of living . ”
Rachel Alcock , of the End Hunger UK campaign , said : “ The charity sector should not be picking up the pieces of a failing social security system .
“ Payments should cover the basic costs of living , and the government must look again at the roll-out of Universal Credit and ensure our social security safety net is not pushing people into destitution .
“ The End Hunger UK campaign has also been calling on government to measure levels of household food insecurity in the UK - so the numbers of people who are n't able to afford food could be properly understood . ''
Meanwhile , hungry kids have been found rummaging through school bins for half-eaten food because they do not get fed properly at home , teachers have warned .
In some schools , staff give kids at risk of malnutrition extra-large portions at lunchtime because they know it could be their only decent meal of the day .
A recent survey by the NEU teaching union found 87 % of teachers said poverty affected kids ' learning to a “ significant extent ” and two thirds said poverty had worsened since 2015 .
Caroline Rodgers , a head in Chesterfield , told the Times Educational Supplement : “ Sometimes the kid will say , ‘ I have a tummy ache ' .
( Image : E+ / Getty Images )
“ You ask them what they had for breakfast and they 'll say , ‘ Mum did n't have any food ' .
“ Other times you 'll just get that stare and they do n't need to say it . ”
Nathan Atkinson , former head of an inner-city school in Leeds , added : “ You 'd find when you put fruit out , there were children who were putting three or four pieces of fruit in their pockets .
“ Or somebody had discarded a half-eaten apple and another child had taken it out of the bin and was eating that apple – what was left of it . ”
Glen Cove will appeal a state decision that overturned the City Council 's February rejection of a residence for people with eating disorders .
The council voted unanimously Wednesday night to challenge the May 15 decision by Office of Mental Health Commissioner Ann Marie T. Sullivan that allows Miami-based Monte Nido & Affiliates to convert a private home into a 14-bed residence for people with anorexia nervosa , bulimia and other eating disorders .
“ We are consistent with our original handling of this matter , ” Mayor Timothy Tenke said after the meeting , referring to the council 's unanimous Feb. 20 vote to reject Monte Nido 's application .
Sullivan 's ruling cited the state Padavan law , which limits a municipality 's power to prohibit some types of group homes .
Kathleen Deegan Dickson , an attorney for Monte Nido , said she was confident the state 's decision will withstand an appeal .
“ We satisfied all the points required under the Padavan law and the [ state ] hearing officer 's and commissioner 's decision was well-reasoned and based on facts , ” she said .
Residents opposed to the plan say the facility — and the 10 to 12 additional parking spaces planned for the 1.26-acre property on St. Andrews Lane — would be out of character in a neighborhood with historic homes .
Tenke , who repeated his assertion that the city would welcome an eating-disorder residence in another location , declined to detail Glen Cove 's legal argument because of the pending litigation .
Get the Breaking News newsletter ! Get the latest breaking news as it happens . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
“ We are going to respect the residents and give them an opportunity to have their voices heard . ”
Tenke has said the cost of an appeal likely would be between $ 25,000 to $ 50,000 .
Stephen Worth , a former Glen Cove city councilman and an attorney who lives two doors down from the house , praised the council 's decision to appeal and said the city has a strong case because of what he said are numerous flaws in Sullivan 's decision .
For example , he said , the decision “ described the area as a commercial corridor , and nothing can be further from the truth . St. Andrews Lane at that juncture is actually pastoral and bucolic . ”
The corner house is bordered by other homes and is across from the Nassau Country Club . It is a few hundred feet from a Long Island Rail Road station .
On Tuesday , Deegan Dickson sent a letter to City Attorney Charles McQuair promising a mix of new and previously-offered “ concessions and covenants , ” including a drainage system to keep all storm water on the Monte Nido property to prevent it from flowing onto neighbors ' land .
Jennifer Gallagher , chief development officer for Monte Nido , said the company is so confident of legal victory that it is going ahead with plans to close on the purchase of the house and will continue to seek an Office of Mental Health license to operate the facility .
“ We look forward to opening before the end of the year , ” she said .
`` Queen Marie Antoinette with a Rose '' by Elisabeth Vigee Lebrun Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Marie Antoinette , the child bride of Louis XVI ( also a teenager when wed ) often gets a bad rap . The oft-taught high school history lessons has left her forever known as the care-less Queen , who scoffed at the starving masses with the original hashtag # LetThemEatCake . As it turns out—according to several researchers—the indulgent sovereign never actually said that , and it was the result of some nasty PR and propaganda by those in favor of a revolt . It did n't stop there as the Queen was subject to other haters—kind of like current day Kim Kardashian West , people loved to read and see negative images of the former Hapsburg Princess just as they do KKW . You might say Marie Antoinette was template for the type of fame Kris Jenner masterminded for her family–glamour , rich excess with a good helping of bad taste and questionable judgement . They even share a jewelry heist scandal .
Marie Antoinette by Rose Bertin Getty Images
Dior Haute Couture Fall 2007 Getty Images
When it comes to the world of fashion , we are forever in debt to Marie Antoinette , whose rein was during the 1700s ' Age of Enlightenment . Prior to the time , the manner of dress was super specific to class ; it was obvious to see where one stood in life based on the garments he or she wore . The Queen set the scene for change when she donned a lavender gown embroidered with diamonds and pearls on her wedding day , and after Rose Bertin—France 's first celebrated fashion designer and Marie Antoinette 's own personal couturier—kept her in the latest fashions . One of her most famous garbs was the gaulle , a layered gauze muslin dress that was traditionally worn under more fancy fabric dresses such as silks and brocade . So as much as we like to credit the 1980s “ Material Girl ” Madonna ( and current version Lady Gaga ) with the underwear as outerwear trend , we can trace it back to the Marie Antoinette . She also popularized the robe à la polonaise , which was based on traditional Polish costume dress . The Queen 's hairstyles also reached new heights of fashion , quite literally . Bertin was her hairdresser , too , and the resulting “ poufs ” could be compared to current hair genius Julien d'Ys . She created styles on the Marie Antoinette that were almost three feet in the air , which were almost always accompanied by a spray of panache .
Kirsten Dunst in 'Marie Antoinette ' ( 2006 ) by Sofia Coppola Columbia Pictures
The Queen also loved chocolate , reportedly drinking it hot with whipped cream for breakfast daily . As the cocoa-treat was fairly new and exotic at the time , this extravagance probably did n't help her reputation for being immune to the issue of the starving masses . But it was also reported that the type of grain used for the royal bread was altered under her command to allow for more to be produced and spread among the people . It 's all about balance , as they say . Ditto was her love for flowers . Marie Antoinette displayed them throughout her private quarters in Petit Trianon , surely to please her many guests that arrived for her parties and card games . Where would fashion today be without the ample supply of bouquets—everywhere from a designers ' showroom to the runways ?
Rihanna as Marie Antoinette for CR Fashion Book Terry Richardson / CR Fashion Book
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Vivienne Westwood Fall 1995 Getty Images
So exactly why did the press love to scorn her so ? Well the aforementioned pastimes—fashion , beauty and entertaining—seemed callous when people were starving to death daily . But on some level , the ruling bodies of nations to this day seem to be faring much better than a lot of its inhabitants . Still , without a maverick press machine on her side promoting her benevolent acts , she seemed like an asshole to the rest of the country . Then there were her supposed sexual exploits . No doubt she had many , but let 's look at some of the contributing factors . First off Louis XVI was thought to be not sexy at all—but was that the case ? New research suggests that the reason the marriage may have taken seven years to produce an heir boiled down to anatomy . It seems Louis was quite well endowed and Marie Antoinette had a condition that well , left little opening . ( Makes you wonder where the expression “ Fit for a Queen ” comes from . )
Chanel
Ultimately , the Queen met the same fate as her King , losing her head via the guillotine on October 16 , 1793 after being sentenced during a somewhat bogus trial full of trumped up charges , including a widely believed false accusation of incest by her son , Louis Charles . Love her , hate her , her impact on fashion and style is more than half-baked , and her life was not always the cakewalk her detractors made it out to be .
Morrisions launch their new kids range with a moc
Man rides horse into shop to pick up groceries
Hackers can unlock your home 's front door with in
A block of flats in Oxford been set on fire in a
New piece of clothing tech can store 15 kilos of
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Police have released CCTV footage of a man seen fleeing from a church after it was set ablaze in a suspected arson attack .
Detectives say the man was spotted by surveillance cameras leaving the scene `` at around the time the fire started '' .
Emergency services were called to the Church of Ascension in Lower Broughton at 11.20pm on Sunday night to reports of a fire .
The flames were visible across the city as fire crews battled to save the Grade II listed building , reports the Manchester Evening News .
( Photo : YOUTUBE/ Greater Manchester Police )
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : PA )
Officers say they are treating it as arson and believe the offender , or offenders , broke into the church on Ascension Road and started a fire before fleeing .
CCTV footage of a male they want to trace in connection with the incident has now been released .
It shows a man , possibly a teenage boy , running away from the church grounds around the time of the fire , police said .
( Photo : PA )
( Photo : MANCHESTER EVENING NEWS )
( Photo : MANCHESTER EVENING NEWS )
Detective Sergeant Karl Dalton , of GMP 's Salford Borough , described the attack as ‘ reckless ' and says it 's lucky no-one was hurt .
He said : “ We have a team of detectives investigating the circumstances surrounding this large-scale fire which has completely devastated a building at the heart of the community .
“ The reckless actions of the person , or people , responsible have caused a great deal of stress and anxiety to many and it is fortunate that no one was injured .
( Photo : MANCHESTER EVENING NEWS )
( Photo : MANCHESTER EVENING NEWS )
“ I am appealing to the public to carefully watch the CCTV footage to see if you can help us identity the person who can be seen leaving the church grounds around the time the fire started . We also need to hear from any witnesses to the incident or anyone who believes they have any information . ”
The Church of Ascension had recently undergone £250,000 worth of restoration work according to parishioners .
( Photo : MANCHESTER EVENING NEWS )
( Photo : MANCHESTER EVENING NEWS )
( Photo : MANCHESTER EVENING NEWS )
( Photo : MANCHESTER EVENING NEWS )
They say the church raised funds and secured grants with English Heritage and the National Lottery over three years for major work to be carried out .
Its website reveals the projects , which also included the creation of a community cafe inside , transformed the once ‘ dilapidated ' church into a ‘ fully accessible place of worship ' .
Anyone with information should contact police on 0161 856 5461 or 101 , or Crimestoppers , anonymously , on 0800 555 111 .
× Expand From left , Brittanny Anderson of Metzger Bar & Butchery/Brenner Pass , Caroline Ciulla of Nota Bene , Beth Dixon of Pasture/Comfort , and Sarah Gaskin of Pasture ( Photo by Jason Tesauro )
Now we 're talking ! Hitting the two-month mark means that many of us have reached “ the zone. ” The zone is that mythical spot where the work of working out is completely in balance with the benefits . In the first month or two , it 's all sweat and ache with little reward from the mirror beyond a faint promise and a healthy glow . Once you 're in the zone , though , things accelerate . With form , strength and stamina well-established , workouts are efficient , focused and more intense . And the feedback from your body , your lover and your selfies is apparent , plentiful and satisfying .
Looking around our squad , I see Jason Alley in the zone . “ Put in 50 today ! ! ! ! ! ” he said with five exclamation points last week when a bike request went out . I see Julia Battaglini and David Martin in the zone . “ We 've been lifting all week , ” she posted from Basque Country , “ jamon to our mouthholes . And clocking 12,000 steps a day … our diets have been on point ! ” I see Beth Dixon and Brittanny Anderson in the zone . Dixon continued to impress with her bench presses and 100 perecent attendance streak , and Anderson won the week with badass legs and a custom dessert for Hunter Rhoades ' birthday dinner at Brenner Pass .
Our crew is rocking steady , and word is spreading .
× Expand The official cycling jersey for the Chefs in Shape effort , courtesy Virginia Tourism Corporation , Virginia Wine and Richmond Region Tourism ( Photos by Jason Tesauro )
This week , three of the commonwealth 's killer V 's spurred us on like a jockey 's whip : Virginia Tourism Corporation , Virginia Wine and Visit Richmond ( Richmond Region Tourism ) chipped in to outfit us with official cycling kits . Now we are rolling ambassadors for local bounty and lifestyle balance . The tagline on our jerseys reads , “ Eat , Drink , Ride , Repeat , ” and nothing could be more apt . While some aim for fanatic devotion to exercise and calorie-counting , we represent that camp of realists who find truth in the give and take of fitness and feasting , wall ball , and Harvey Wallbangers . Because , as Beth Dixon puts it , “ I do n't ever want to skip dessert ; I just do n't want to get fat and die [ eating ] it . ”
You 've seen the chefs in their whites , now come see them in their white , black and red racing kits aboard their bicycles . Support your chefs in shape , and there will be more dessert for everyone .
© Omar Sanadiki / Reuters
Vanessa Beeley is an independent investigative journalist and photographer . She is associate editor at 21st Century Wire .
Mukesh Ambani-owned Reliance Jio is loosing its charm as the company has managed to add 3.87 million subscribers in the month of April , which is lower compared to March , which was at 5.83 million .
However Jio is still pipping incumbent telcos in terms of user additions in the month and now the telco has a market share of 9.58 percent , which is up from 9.29 percent in March . Airtel , Vodafone India , and Idea Cellular sustained their top three positions in that order , with 23.54 percent , 17.86 percent and 16.69 percent shares , respectively .
According to the data , Jio was also at the top in the wireless broadband service provider with 112.55 million customers , while India 's largest telecom operators Bharti Airtel with 52.25 million , Vodafone with 39.76 million and Idea Cellular with 24.09 million .
TRAI says that the top five service providers constituted 88.04 percent market share of the total broadband subscribers at the end of Apr-17 and these service providers were Reliance Jio Infocom Ltd ( 112.55 million ) , Bharti Airtel ( 52.25million ) , Vodafone ( 39.76 million ) , Idea Cellular ( 24.09 million ) and BSNL ( 21.58 million ) .
Meanwhile , Jio has once again declared as the fastest 4G network in the month of April .
TRAI said that Reliance Jio had also registered an average download speed at 19 . 123 Mbps in April . With this , Jio has managed to beat , Aditya Birla Group-led Idea 's ( 13.709 Mbps ) download speed , and Vodafone 's ( 13.387Mbps ) as well . However , India 's largest telecom service provider is at the fourth spot with the lowest speed at 10.15 Mbps in the same month .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A gynaecologist believes he can offer women a modern day miracle that can help revitalise their sex lives after child birth .
Professor Jim Dornan , 69 , has found a solution to women 's common pelvic floor problems and says there are no set backs to the treatment .
His simple solution is a little piece of plastic with a radio frequency conductor - and he claims it is life-changing .
He explained : “ A lot of ladies who I 'd have seen in years gone by in labour wards are now calling to see me about a little issue down below .
“ It 's a delicate subject and not as robust as childbirth .
( Image : Photopress Belfast )
`` It 's the problem ladies are having with their pelvic floor and the fact that over the years and after childbirth the stresses can be very telling - and very trying .
“ From incontinence to sexual problems , they really are struggling and I feel delighted that I am able to offer them a solution now that has been working for practically all women coming to me with sexual issues , and more than 75 % of the ladies coming to me with incontinence issues . ”
The ThermiVA treatment was developed in the US taking the idea of tightening facial and neck skin , increasing blood supply , muscle tone and general health in specific areas , Belfast Live reports .
The professor , who practices in Northern Ireland , said : “ The system is actually mindblowing . The difference it is making to ladies , many of whom have been struggling for years , for decades . It offers a cure to many and a major improvement to others .
“ I do n't know why we did n't think of it earlier . The radio frequency technique has been used effectively on face skin and muscle tone . Now it 's being used to tone and improve the vaginal and pelvic floor area .
( Image : Photopress Belfast )
“ There 's no surgery , no recovery period and no risk . It literally can do no harm . And the results I am seeing are excellent .
“ I have more mature patients who have suffered with incontinence for 20 years or more , and they are now dry and able to get about their day without a care .
“ I have younger patients who 've discovered that they 've been left incontinent through childbirth and the results have been incredible for them .
“ I have couples to come to me where the lady is experiencing dryness and lack of interest in intimacy . And again after three sessions I have found that all of the patients that I 've seen in the last 18 months are back to normal and very , very happy .
( Image : Photopress Belfast )
“ Research shows that in Northern Ireland 38 % of women over 35 and after childbirth suffer from pelvic floor problems and it is life-changing for the wrong reasons .
`` Age , childbirth and genetics all take their toll and can leave woman of many ages with dryness , looseness , poor urinary control , unsatisfactory and often painful sex .
“ So facing the problem , talking about it and working to fix it is life-changing too - but for all the right reasons .
“ Treatment spans from excellent pelvic floor exercises all the way up to the use of the surgical mesh which are inserted into the area .
“ But extensive surgical procedures are the very last resort , and yes , there can be benefits . But as with all surgical interventions , reversible or irreversible complications can occur .
“ So the medical profession have been very keen to develop risk-free , affordable and effective remedies .
“ And having seen the research , having spoken to the developers and having watched patients transform back to their old selves , the radio frequency treatment is the system I really wanted to work with . ”
Professor Dornan now sees about 10 women a day in his surgery , seven for treatment and three for initial consultation .
His diary is packed with bookings from women desperate to get back to life before pelvic floor issues struck and without advertising his latest work , word-of-mouth has ensured he is heavily booked .
The treatment involves three sessions costing a total of £2,195 and an annual follow-up session costed at £750 .
Professor Dornan said : “ This system was developed in the US and after extensive research it is something that has presented itself to us in the UK and Ireland at a very opportune and correct time - when women with pelvic floor dysfunction are reluctant to have surgery .
“ The ThermiVA is a simple but very effective system that improves and helps the body replace vaginal collagen and elastin , giving both structure and tone back to the tissues .
And the treatment course is simple - three monthly treatments and an annual maintenance appointment .
“ I truly believe this is the future . People are taking so much care of their bodies , their skin , they face and their general health .
`` I think for women , pelvic floor health is the next big thing and taking care of it with exercises or with radio frequency treatment will be just an other appointment to pop in the diary .
“ Patient selection is vital and despite our careful assessment , not all women 's tissues respond in the same way just like every headache does not always respond equally to paracetamol . And in the area of severe prolapse , the treatment has little role .
“ But for most women , it is a modern day miracle with great results and no risk .
“ It 's making ladies very happy and that makes me very happy . ”
LONDON ( AP ) — For years , athletes from the United States have quietly wondered how they might have fared if they had been competing on a level playing field . This year , they may have found out .
Final figures from the medals standings at the world championships that wrapped up Sunday offered evidence that track and field 's attempt to crack down on a global doping crisis could be making a direct impact on the results themselves .
Exhibit A : The United States won 30 medals , while athletes from four countries that have been under the doping microscope — Kenya ( 11 ) , Russia ( 6 ) , Ethiopia ( 5 ) and Jamaica ( 4 ) — combined for 26 .
Two years ago , the results looked like this : United States 17 , Kenya 16 , Jamaica 12 , Ethiopia 8 , Russia 4 .
Four years ago , with Russia competing on home turf and in the midst of what investigators have determined was a state-sponsored doping conspiracy , they looked like this : United States 26 , Russia 14 , Kenya 12 , Jamaica and Ethiopia 10 each .
“ Maybe the only good byproduct of the past corruption and scandal is that it forces sport to make sure it never happens again , ” said Travis Tygart , the CEO of the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency . “ Ultimately , that 's good for clean athletes . ”
Among the changes that have taken place over the last two years :
—The suspension of the Russian track federation . Only 19 Russians competed at this year 's worlds , 100 fewer than were present in Moscow in 2013 . The 19 competed as neutral athletes because the IAAF determined they 've been under proper anti-doping controls .
—Five countries , including distance-running powerhouses Kenya and Ethiopia , have been placed on a doping watch list — meaning they are being closely watched because of evidence that has surfaced about less-than-robust anti-doping procedures in those countries . Jamaica has also been under increased scrutiny , which has led to the stripping of a 2008 Olympic relay medal because of doping by one of Usain Bolt 's teammates .
—The IAAF has established an independent testing authority that takes responsibilities for conducting the anti-doping program out of its hands . A handful of former IAAF leaders are under investigation for their roles in doping cover-ups and related corruption .
“ We have to be open about it , ” IAAF president Sebastian Coe said . “ There 's been a disproportionate amount of damage to the sport produced by a relatively small number of nations , and we just have to get on top of that . ”
As a sign of the IAAF 's willingness to tackle the issue head-on , the meet began with the reallocation of medals from 11 races dating to 2007 .
“ It 's not a Russia thing , but it is a thing that sometimes you get out there and you wonder , ‘ Do I have a fair shot at this ? If I 'm doing the right thing , is everyone else doing the right thing ? ' ” said American sprinter Natasha Hastings , who received a reallocated relay gold from 2013 .
It 's a refrain shared up and down the roster in the United States , where athletes are widely considered to be subject to one of the world 's toughest anti-doping programs .
“ It 's not uncommon for athletes in our training group to get tested every month , ” said U.S.-based track coach Loren Seagrave , who trains athletes from several countries . “ On some occasions , you get tested on one day , and they show up again the next day . I think they 're as vigilant as they can be . ”
Of course , it 's a delicate proposition to attribute all these numbers to doping , or to assume all the problems are fixed . From Marion Jones to Tim Montgomery to Tyson Gay , Americans have a history of doping positives , reflected most starkly during this meet by the fans ' reaction to Justin Gatlin . The 100-meter champion was roundly booed at every turn because of his doping history — he 's served two bans .
“ I thought in 2012 , I was in a cleaner race , and it turns out that Olympic final was probably one of the dirtiest in history , ” said American middle-distance runner Shannon Rowbury , who finished out of the medals in a race in which no fewer than five of the 1,500-meter finalists have been investigated for doping violations .
Exhibit B ( perhaps ) : Eleven of this year 's 14 winning sprint times , including relays and hurdles , were slower than in 2013 , which was the last world championships held the year after the Olympics . But a portion of that — as well as Jamaica 's paltry showing , with only four medals — could be attributed to Bolt 's rough week ; he won bronze in the 100 meters and pulled up lame in the 4×100 with a hurt left hamstring .
The champion took umbrage to the linking of slow times and doping , calling it “ disrespectful . ”
“ There 's something called injury and sometimes , everything does n't go as smoothly as you want , ” Bolt said . “ We came out and put on a good show for everyone . ”
Nobody enjoyed the show more than the Americans , whose 30 medals were only two short of what they picked up last year at the Olympics in in Rio de Janeiro , when some of the reforms were starting to take hold and Russia only sent one track and field athlete .
“ There was a lot of shuffling , some medalists were completely unexpected , ” said American long jumper Tianna Bartoletta , who won a bronze medal . “ Whatever the explanation , it 's promising . I 'm encouraged by what I saw here this week . ”
___
More AP track coverage : https : //www.apnews.com/tag/London2017
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
© Arnd Wiegmann / Reuters
In a bizarre air rage incident , a woman snapped and launched herself from her backrow seat towards the pilots ' compartment as the plane was about to touch down . She kicked and a bit flight attendants who attempted to calm her.Every air passenger knows that as a plane descends it is time to fasten your seat belt . Charlene Sarieann Harriott , a passenger on an American Airlines flight from Dallas , Texas to Charlotte , North Carolina , defied this rule and did plenty more besides.When the plane was just 200 feet ( 60 meters ) in the air , Harriott suddenly rose from her seat in the back and rushed towards the cockpit for no apparent reason.Ignoring all calls by flight attendants to take her seat , the woman proceeded . It took three flight attendants to chase down and overpower Harriott , while she furiously resisted any attempt to rein her in.Upon landing , the FBI apprehended Harriott and took her into custody . It later accused her of `` knowingly and intentionally '' disrupted the flight.The crew were treated at the company 's clinic at the airport .
Win Tickets To Erebus Haunted Attraction In Downtown Pontiac ! Listen Thursday , October 12th for your chance to win tickets to the Erebus Haunted Attraction in Downtown Pontiac ! Erebus , is the four story tower of terror located in Pontiac , Michigan , serving terrifying thrills , unforgettable moments of laughter , and blood curdling screams .
Miller Lite Tailgate ChallengeDo you have the best tailgate in Metro Detroit ? 97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to see if you are the ultimate tailgater !
Miller Lite Appearance – Buffalo Wild Wings97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets . Come to the Buffalo Wild Wings in Washington Township on October 6 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Steelers on October 29 at Ford Field .
Jamie and Stoney Lions Ticket Giveaway - SORRY , THIS CONTEST HAS ENDEDMiller Lite and Jamie and Stoney want to give you tickets to see the Detroit Lions vs Carolina on October 29 at Ford Field . Listen to Jamie and Stoney on October 6 between 6:00am – 10:00am for your chance to win .
CONCERNED local government units , the Police Regional Office ( PRO ) 7 and the Central Command ( Centcom ) have been engaging in what can be considered a difficult balancing act in the aftermath of the clash between Abu Sayyaf rebels and government troops in Inabanga , Bohol on April 11 . They are calling for increased vigilance among the people while at the same time issuing assurances of safety .
Bohol Gov . Edgar Chatto took the lead on Day 1 by his objective assessment : the security problem was contained in one town , no , only in a few Inabanga barangays , and that Bohol is generally peaceful . PRO 7 and Centcom officials came up with assurances that whatever the Abus were planning in Bohol was scuttled by the clash . Downplayed were some details of the clash and the security sweep after .
But while we agree that the balancing act was necessary , that does not mean we should not ask some questions or raise some interesting points .
First is the number : 10 or 11 Abu terrorists in three pumpboats . After the clash , authorities announced three soldiers , a police officer and five terrorists were killed . It turned out later that among the five Abus listed as dead were an elderly Inabanga couple . That makes three Abus killed , leaving eight others escaping the dragnet . Where are the eight now ?
That brings us to the second point . Reports say the Philippine Air Force dropped around nine bombs in the clash site in Inabanga . How effective was the use of the air assets in the firefight ? A military official described the bombing run as “ helpful. ” But how helpful ? Is it SOP to use bombs when Abus are involved ? What was the extent of the damage wrought by the bombs on the site ?
Finally , until now , the people are still clueless on what the terrorists were intending to do in Inabanga or in Bohol . While we agree that the persons that can provide the authorities with such information are either dead or are on the run , ca n't information be extracted using other means ? Ca n't our intelligence units find ways to get to the bottom of the Abus ' foray into Inabanga ? The information is needed if we want to use the clash to prepare for terrorist attacks in the future .
By BARBARA ORTUTAY , AP Technology Writer
The revolution will be tweeted . The resistance will be Facebooked . And protests will be Instagrammed .
Not long after President Donald Trump temporarily barred most people from seven majority-Muslim countries from entering the United States , social activist Dex Torricke-Barton took to Facebook . “ I 'm thinking of organizing a rally , ” he posted . Within a few hours , more than 1,000 people expressed interest .
The resulting protest a week later , in front of San Francisco 's City Hall , drew thousands more .
Torricke-Barton is far from alone . From organizing protests on the fly to raising money for refugee and immigrant rights groups , people have been using social media to fuel the resistance against Trump in ways their organizing predecessors from the 1960s could have hardly imagined .
ROOTS OF PROTEST
In Queens , New York , for instance , a group of 27 women met up to write postcards to their state and local representatives during a “ Postcard-Writing Happy Hour ” organized through Facebook .
And on Ravelry , the social network for knitters and crocheters , members have been trading advice and knitting patterns for the pink “ pussy hats ” that emerged as a symbol during the Women 's March on Washington and similar protests elsewhere after Trump 's inauguration .
“ This is an incredible project because it 's mixed between digital and physical , ” says Jayna Zweiman , one of the founders of the Pussyhat Project . “ We harnessed social media for good . ”
In 1969 , activists planned massive marches around the U.S. to protest the war in Vietnam . The protests , called the Moratorium , drew millions of people around the world .
But “ it took months , a lot of effort , a national office of the organization to get it off the ground , ” says Christopher Huff , a Beacon College professor focused on social movements of the 1960s . “ The women 's march was achieved at a much larger scale at a fraction of the time . ”
This immediacy is both an asset and a disadvantage .
While online networks help people rally quickly around a cause , Huff says , they do n't necessarily help people grasp the “ long-term effort ” required to sustain a movement .
ONLINE , THEN OFF
In Silicon Valley and across the tech world , Trump 's travel ban created a stir that went well beyond the industry 's usual calls for deregulation and more coding classes for kids . Between aggregating donations , issuing fiery statements and walking out of work in protest , tech company executives and employees took up the anti-Trump cause at a scale not seen in other industries .
New York-based Meetup , for instance , broke with nearly 15 years of helping people form and join interest groups on a non-partisan basis .
“ We 're vital plumbing for democracy , ” the company wrote in a Medium post this week . “ But after Donald Trump 's order to block people on the basis of nationality and religion , a line had been crossed . ”
So Meetup held a company-wide “ resist-a-thon ” — a riff on the hackathons tech companies hold to devise new technologies — to help people get involved in the anti-Trump movement , “ the resistance . ”
It then unveiled more than 1,000 new # resist Meetup groups that people can join for free ( it 's normally $ 15 a month to run a group ) .
As of this week , some 35,000 people had joined the # resist Meetup groups and scheduled 625 events around the world .
Torricke-Barton , who in earlier incarnations wrote speeches for Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and Alphabet Chairman Eric Schmidt , said he and two sisters of Iranian descent organized their last-minute protest using Facebook groups and Messenger .
That 's quite a contrast to Torricke-Barton 's earlier experience protesting violence in Darfur more than a decade ago .
Back then , “ lawyers , marketers , communications people would help you get ( the protests ) off the ground … networks had to be created in advance , ” he said . “ Now , protests can start without any kind of infrastructure . ”
FOLLOW THE MONEY
Shortly after Trump 's order , the venture capitalist Bijan Sabet tweeted a link to the fundraising platform Crowdrise alongside an explanation of his support for the American Civil Liberties Union — and then asked his followers to do the same .
Sabet figured it might take as long as two months to reach his $ 50,000 goal . It took three days . That weekend , the ACLU raised $ 24 million , far more than the $ 4 million it receives in a typical year .
Sabet , whose father is from Iran , says he 's seeing civic involvement “ level up , ” and that social media is pushing that along . Previously , he said , people would maybe say , “ yeah , I 'm a bit frustrated , but I do n't have all the information , I do n't know how to get involved. ” Now , there 's no excuse .
LITTLE THINGS
The effects of social media are n't limited to huge efforts .
A week or so after the election , Marisa Frantz , an art director in Cerrillos , New Mexico , teamed up with her sister-in-law Sarah Bailey Hogarty to create a private Facebook group called “ America is Watching . ”
To join , all people had to do was comment “ yes. ” If they then posted their ZIP code in comments , Frantz would send them contact information for their senators and representative , Hogarty explained in an email .
“ Like many of us , I was floundering around feeling terrible and afraid , ” said Hogarty , a digital producer for the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art . “ I wanted to do something , but I had no idea where to start . ”
Hogarty called the group her “ foothold to resistance. ” Now , the group has more than 1,000 members across the United States and organizes weekly “ calls to action , ” such as contacting senators and representatives about a particular issue determined by a poll of the group .
Groups like this demonstrate how social media has helped “ lower the barrier to entry ” into social activism , in the words of Tarun Banerjee , a sociology professor at the University of Pittsburgh .
“ What social media can do really well is spread awareness , ” Banerjee said . “ Can people make President Trump back down because of social media ? Probably not . But it can shine the light . ”
